Stop Press: Movement News Update
July 2004 was an exceptionally busy month for racial nationalism in Britain, making this our fullest ever 'stop press' column!
BNP chairman Nick Griffin and his allies reacted to electoral disappointment by attempting once again to ban the party's founder John Tyndall and his most prominent supporter Richard Edmonds from speaking at BNP meetings. Once again, it looks as though the Griffinitcs have acted unlawfully and are certain to be defied by Messrs Tyndall and Edmonds, who have the law and increasing numbers of BNP branch organisers on their side.
The situation inside the party boiled over this month with the announcement (long predicted by some of us) that the leadership would propose a change in the constitution to permit non-White members.
Some time ago Heritage and Destiny exposed I the fact that Colin Smith, a leading BNP organiser, and several other prominent members of the pro-Griffin faction were pressing for a rule change to admit non-White members. More than two years ago Nick Griffin himself addressed the issue in an interview with David Aaronovitch a journalist with The Independent. Asked why the party didn't have Jewish officials and candidates, he replied:
The party's constitution at the moment doesn't allow it. It's the party's constitution. It would be far better for the BNP to allow non-Brits as members.
But politics is a matter of the possible. We've had decades of Hollywood Nazism of the most ill-concealed sort. It's not easy to turn the tanker around."
Note that Mr Griffin carefully used the broad
term "non-Brits". We assumed that he meant this!________________________
M a deliberate signal that black/Asian members would ultimately be admitted to the party's ranks.
After a hostile reception to multi-racial kite-flying by some of his allies, Mr Griffin seemed to back off in a December 2003 article designed to reassure the overwhelming racial nationalist majority among his members. Writing in the BNP magazine Identity, the party chairman insisted:
"The BNP's constitution expressly states that only individuals of British (i.e. English, Scots, Welsh and Irish), or closely kindred European stock may join as members. Not only do I not intend to try to change this fundamental rule, but I would vigorously oppose anyone else attempting to push for such a change, and 1 have no doubt that a large majority of the party would back me on this.
"...Only one thing could change this, and that would be the imposition of a Europe-wide change in the law which would ban any political party which operates what the liberal-left would describe as a 'racist' membership policy. Clearly that would then require very careful consideration in the light of the necessities of organisational survival. Unless or until that time I would stress, however, that the British National Party's current membership requirements should not be changed."
If you thought this was an unequivocal commitment, you clearly don't know Mr Griffin.
Within weeks he had decided to endorse Patricia Richardson, a Jewish BNP candidate for Epping f orest District Council near London. Note that in the Aaronovitch interview Mr Griffin himself (rightly or wrongly) lumped Jews together with other ethnic varieties under the heading "non-Brits" and said the constitution prevented them from joining the BNP, let alone standing as candidates.
(For more on the Richardson case, sec our last 'Movement News Update' and our front page article in this issue.)
With the elections out of the way, it seems that a more dramatic move is under way "to turn the tanker around". On July 4th the BNP Advisory Council met at Mr (iriffin's Welshpool home and decided to recommend a change to the very section of the constitution that Mr Griffin swore to uphold.
Hie pretext is a supposed legal threat from an Asian individual, Mr Balvindcr Dioccc. In November 2003 (that's right, even before Mr Griffin published his apparently unequivocal article) the Commission for Racial Equality notified the BNP that they had received a complaint from Mr Diocec.
Nick Griffin enjoying the company of Searchlight spy Andy Sykes (left) and BBC 'secret agent' Jason Gwynne
The gist of this complaint was that Mr Diocec had applied for BNP membership, had been turned down because of his ethnic origin, and was now seeking the CRE's assistance, complaining that the BNP's membership rules breached the Race Relations Act.
The letter did not threaten court action, and nothing further has developed, but on this flimsy basis the Griffin faction of the BNP built a huge scare story designed to intimidate party members into believing that the constitution had to be changed.
The Griffin line is that the CRE threatens effectively to close down the BNP if it persists with its current constitution, but that it is not necessary to adopt a completely open membership policy. Bizarrely, the party chairman
maintains that a form of federal constitution could be adopted, whereby different racial groups had their own BNP division, without being able to influence overall party decisions and policies.
Having studied the issue at length. I have to conclude that there is no legal foundation whatsoever for the current scare story, which is being manipulated for factional purposes to strengthen Mr Griffin's faltering grip on the BNP.
If there were a genuine legal threat to the party, one would expect at the very least that Mr Griffin would have secured a professional written opinion from a qualified barrister. He has not done so. because there is no substantial legal question to investigate.
Absurdly, Mr Griffin compares the BNP's position to the recent legal threat to the Vlaams Blok in Belgium. The fact is that different European countries have very different laws governing racial nationalism. Some countries ban any reference to historical revisionism, some countries ban certain symbols, some countries (such as Germany) attempt wide ranging proscriptions of entire parties, others (such as Belgium) are concerned mostly about parties whose separatist nationalism threatens the breakup of an artificial nation.
None of these have the slightest relevance to the BNP's position. The only threat to the BNP - as Nick Griffin himself wrote only six months ago - would be if a new law was introduced by Westminster or Brussels. That has not yet happened and it is not yet even proposed.
All that has happened so far is that the CRE has notified Mr Griffin -as they are required to do by law - of a complaint by Mr Diocec. However crazy and unfounded the complaint, this is the correct procedure, but it seems utterly weird for the BNP to use it as a basis for blundering into a constitutional change.
The proposed new constitution would actually weaken the BNP's legal position! By allowing non-Whites to pay a membership fee in return for something less than full membership, it would create a new platform from which Asian 'associate members' could demand enhanced rights.
Since the days of the 43 Group opponents of British nationalism have attempted to trick their way into our parties, sometimes as individual moles, often (as in the notorious case at Kensington Library in 1991) taking over meeting rooms and speakers' pitches en masse.
In the past these people had to use subterfuge or forged tickets • the difference today is that Mr Griffin proposes to offer them a genuine membership card.
Of course there are always a few misguided souls who (in Griffin's own words) ure "good-hearted but politically naive" enough to believe that concessions to multiracialism will disarm our traditional enemies. Anyone tempted down this path should have been disabused by an hour-long film The Secret Agent broadcast on BBC I on July ISth.
Accompanied by an unprecedented fanfare of publicity, including the front page of Britain's bestselling newspaper The Sun, this programme rehashed at great length the familiar talcs of BNP thuggery and extremism. Nick Griffin himself was filmed making a speech which he grandly claimed would get him seven years in prison if publicised!
Derttage and Hesttny
21
Autumn/Fall 2004
Readers may remember that the present author was denounced two years ago by Mr Griffin and a couple of his cronies (including South African state informant Arthur Kemp). They published a shabby booklet which claimed in its final lines to be "a handbook on how to spot a wrong 'un".
Judging from the BBC programme Griffin and Co clearly need to go back to spy school. Their own Bradford organiser Andy Sykes turns out to have been an informant since 2001 for the far-left Zionist magazine Searchlight.
The result was sixty minutes of embarrassment - even worse than Mr Griffin's performance on the Cook Report programme in 1998 and his acolyte Mark Collett’s truly cringe-making humiliation at the hands of Channel 4 in October 2002 - Young, Nazi and Proud.
On a long-overdue positive note two of the three council by-elections, where votes were counted on the very night of the BBC's scoop, showed that racial nationalist voters were unaffected by the smears.
In the Valence ward by-election for the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham the BNP's first (partly) Turkish candidate -Lawrence Rustem polled 576 votes, 31.5%, finishing second to Labour. This is part of nationalism's new White heartland in outer London and Essex. Meanwhile on the other side of London in the Rainham and Wennington ward of the Borough of Havering the BNP's Mark Blunden took third place with 549 votes, 21.3%, easily surpassing the 93 votes (3.6%) for ex-NF activist Dave Durant, candidate for the Third Way Party.
At a parliamentary by-election held on the same day for the Birmingham Hodge Hill constituency the BNP failed to field a candidate in what on paper should have been a reasonably favourable area. Hodge Hill under its former name of Stechford saw one of the most famous by-elections of the 1970s, when the National Front’s Andrew Brons won 8%. Like most of Britain’s inner city areas, the constituency has seen significant changes over the past quarter-century which makes it less favourable for nationalists, but it remains odd that as yet the BNP leadership has not explained the failure to stand here this time. The National Front's Jim Starkey took up the challenge and won 805 votes (3.9%), easily beating the English Democrats candidate who won only 277 votes (1.4%).
There can be little doubt that with extra effort and funds the NF could have saved their deposit here, as they did in the North Tyneside mayoral election last year. However, in the crucial last week of the campaign several activists chose to visit the 12th of July celebrations in Ulster rather than the campaign trail in Birmingham.
In an excellent article for the following day's Daily Telegraph, columnist Tom Utley mocked the liberal myopia of the BBC, which assumes that voters only support the BNP because they are conned by its mask of moderation.
Utley wrote:
"I am afraid that the truth is much darker than that. I suspect that most, if
not all, of the three quarters of a million who voted for the BNP in June knew perfectly well that it was a party with a history of thuggery, many of whose leading members believed in the superiority of white Britons over members of other races.
"...To pretend otherwise - to pretend that they were simply deceived by the BNP candidates' suits and ties into thinking that these were liberal-minded citizens without an unkind thought in their heads about foreigners • is to shut one's eyes and block one's cars to the truth."
This wilful use of the blind eye and deaf ear is not restricted to the BBC. The BNP's Grifflnite faction also pretends that electoral success is entirely due to moderation and the personal attractiveness of Nick Griffin.
Sad proof of Griffinism's underlying weakness came in the last of the July 15th by-elections, a contest for two vacancies in the Earcroft ward of Blackburn with Darwen Council.
Readers may remember that the BNP won a by-election in Mill Hill ward in November 2002 when their candidate Robin Evans ousted Labour. In an all too typical example of dreadful man management within the party. Councillor Evans was allowed to antagonise large numbers of local activists, and was consistently supported by Nick Griffin in a factional feud which provoked the resignation of long serving regional organiser Chris Jack-son and Blackburn with Darwen branch organiser Trevor Maxfield.
Matters rapidly went from bad to worse: Councillor Evans resigned from the party after a financial scandal and (amusingly for a self-styled moderate and Grifflnite factionalist) set up the tiny British National Socialist Party (BNSP)! Mr Maxfield also resigned to join a new local group of Darwen Independents.
Both ex-Councillor Evans (with a BNSP colleague) and Mr Maxfield (with a Darwen Independent colleague) stood in this month's Earcroft contest, complicating the picture for the BN P, one of whose candidates was Tony Dailly, latest holder of the poisoned chalice as Blackburn BNP organiser.
The result was of course a shambles: the BNSP candidates (erstwhile Griffinites) finished bottom of the poll with around 1%; Mr Dailly polled 8.6%; Mr Maxfield 8.8%. The various nationalists were comprehensively beaten by the old-gang parties. Labour romped home at the head of the field.
The facts couldn't be clearer. While in many parts of the country ordinary voters are turning away from mainstream politics and increasingly radicalised on the issue of race, so much so that the old smears are increasingly irrelevant, they cannot be mobilised by a party that is poorly led and divided against itself.
In the North West of England - the very area specifically cultivated by Mr Griffin for hisl European Parliamentary bid - one branch after another has fallen victim to fraud, chicanery, paralysis or disillusionment as a result of Mr Griffin's behaviour and/or that of his regional puppet Bev Jones. Burnley, Oldham, Blackburn - shortly Clitheroe, Rochdale, Wigan will join the sad roll call.
The day after the Secret Agent film was broadcast, the sharks of Britain’s political and financial establishment, showing as ever their keen nose for blood, moved in for the kill. Barclays Bank - which was itself a favourite far left target in the 1980s for its links with apartheid South Africa - announced that it was closing the BNP’s bank accounts because it viewed the party as a disreputable organisation. There exists now a very real danger that the British National Party could effectively cease to exist within twelve months, caught in a cunningly devised trap of internal subversion striking at the very roots of the movement, and external repression clamping down on anyone who dares to dissent from the Lib-Lab-Con orthodoxy.
There is an alternative. Members can rise from the trough of despair. They can use the very gifts of perception and determination that attracted them to racial nationalism in the first place. They can demand to know the truth rather than being fobbed off with factional lies. They can boldly defend their principles and their race against the enemy within as well as the enemy without.
The hour of struggle approaches which will determine the future of the BNP and ultimately the future of White Britain. Stand. Men of the BNP! Together we win!
Peter Rushmore, Manchester, England
ljiwrence Rustem (no relation!) the BNP’s first (partly) Turkish candidate, who contested the Valence ward by-election
Twice bitten but never shy - like his leader, Mark Collett fell into the enemy trap yet again
Nick Griffin celebrates in 2002 with his then factional ally Robin Evans, now leader of his own ‘National Socialist’ party, who polled just 14 votes in the Earcroft by-election
Berttage and Bestiny
22
Autumn/Fall 2004