EXHIBIT 7
Issue 5
The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP
Fall 2000
Ireland for the Irish?
Sinn Fein/IRA leader Gerry Adams is to receive an honorary degree from the University of Massachusetts. A university official said the award recognized his great contribution to the Northern Ireland peace process. “At great personal and political risk, Gerry Adams has persevered in his
effort to bring peace to Ireland,” said University of Massachusetts	President
William Bulger. Mr. Bulger should try telling that to the families of those who were blown to pieces — on Gerry Adam’s orders — on Bloody Friday, or of the countless others who have been slaughtered by die IRA.
For those readers not fully aware of what Gerry Adams and Sinn Fein are all about, let us explain. Sinn Fein is the political wing of the Marxist terrorist group The Irish Republican Army, better know by its initials, “IRA.” The IRA has been waging a savage war over the last thirty years against the mainly Protestant Scotch-ish people who make up the majority in Northern Ireland, as well as (he few English and sottish people who live in
• Jn . - r'.j
t/Spi. M I j *
* sj*	J
A
I
Sinn Fein/IRA leader Gerry Adams (right) meets fellow Marxist Nelson Mandela
that province. Apart from
nurdering hundreds of English, Scottish and Scotch-Irish sople, the IRA have also murdered hundreds of Irish Catholics who did not support their aim of a one-party, all reiand, Marxist state,
Sinn Fein/IRA likes to portray itself to the outside world general and to Americans in particular as an organization of
Irish Nationalists. However, this is far from the truth, as anybody in Ireland (where Sinn Fein is referred to as the “Irish Communist Party”) will tell you. When Gerry Adams spoke at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., a few years ago, I attended. He was asked during the question and answer
period if he was still a Marxist. He answered, “No, I am a now a Socialist, but I still have many Marxist friends.”
A former American IRA supporter who has now joined the American Friends of the BNP, told me about a trip he once made to Northern Ireland with NORAID (an American fund-raising group for the IRA). The NORAID group was shown around all of the usual sites in Belfast, including the Sinn Fein headquarters, which included its bookshop. Little did the American guests know but a few hours prior to their visit, Sinn Fein officials had stripped the shop of any Communist, Marxist, or Socialist books on display so as not to offend the Irish-Americans, many of whom were anti-Communist and held right-wing and often racialist views!
Sinn Fein/IRA supports a multicultural, multiracial * Ireland. It supports open-door immigration into Ireland by Third Worlders, but wants to kick out the Scotch-Irish and the English. Gerry Adams is very friendly with fellow socialist
Continued on page 19
Fall 2000
and
fSestinv
eritage and Destiny: The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP
"We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back.”
Editor: Mark Cotterill ❖ Assistant Editors: Roy Craig, Martin Kerr and Andrew Roberts
Post Office Box 1746 ❖ Falls Church, Virginia 22041-1746 ❖ Phone: (703) 820-3844 •> Fax: (703) 820-3309 Website address: http://www.americabnp.net ♦> Electronic Mail: BNP@crusader.net
Opinions expressed in articles are the authors’ own, and should not be taken to represent the editorial viewpoint of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.
Mission Statement of The American Friends of the BNP
The American Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British* descent or who are descended from European peoples and who share our goals as listed below. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
The aims of the American Friends of the BNP are:
1)	To preserve and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British or other European descent;
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country back;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to the cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
I In general we define “British” as including the English, Irish, Scotch-Irish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also include a number of lesser well-known peoples such the Cornish, the Manx (the people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Alderney, Jersey, Guernsey, or Sark).
Editoria
Welcome to Issue 5 of Heritage and Destiny, the newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP. We have had a great response to Issue 4, which has brought in the most new members so far. Thank you all for the subsequent letters, articles, press clippings, photographs, and, of course, donations, (however large or small - every dollar counts!) Please keep sending them in. We are now sending out	a by-weekly	e-mail
newsletter, called AF-BNP Update. If you wish to be included on our e-mailing list please let us have your e-mail address. We also have a new e-mail	address	—
BNP@crusader.net. Our old e-mail account and address at Hotmail com was closed down by Microsoft after	they
received a complaint by an opponent of ours that we were sending out politically incorrect e-mails. This may or may not have something to do with our problems with the Buchanan/Reform campaign (see below).
The AF-BNP hit the I headline* at the beginning of July with national newspaper coverage in a number of newspapers, including the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times. We also got a mention on national television on NBC News. The media’s
Bay Buchanan (left) looking rather happy at the Reform Party Convention after selecting negress Ezola Foster to be _________her brother Pat’s (right) running mate. ___
sudden interest in'the AF-BNP stemmed from our former links to the Buchanan/Reform Party election campaign. A number of our members, including AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill, had worked as volunteers on the campaign for the past year. Our people also supported Buchanan’s fund-raising
events including his big Christmas party at his home in McLean last December and his St. Patrick’s Day party in Bethesda,	Maryland, on
March 17 of this year. Buchanan/Reform supporters, had in return, always attended our meetings in large numbers and at least three of them had been speakers.
Towards the end of June all this	changed. The
Buchanan campaign decided that they no longer needed the support	of Patriots,
Nationalists or Populists. They thought the campaign could broaden its appeal to African-American	and
Hispanic voters if they distanced themselves from people like us. They told AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill at a face-to-face meeting at Buchanan’s Vienna, Virginia headquarters, that his help and support were no longer needed or welcome, and nor was that of anyone else who held similar views [i.e., 90% of the volunteer staff]. However, they refused
Bkrifnflt andQesttny
-2-
Fall 2000
to refund die donations made by dozens ot American BiNr supporters to Buchanan’s campaign, even though they stated publicly they did not want our money I
After these statements they were left wondering why Buchanan Headquarters had almost no volunteer staff left. After they first fired Neil Bumstein a Jewish/Conservative activist, they then turned on a number of full-time paid staff there who were sympathetic to us.. Then one young lady from Minnesota who was living with a Nationalist activist was given the choice of moving out of his apartment or leaving the campaign. She left the campaign. At least a dozen other Conservative and Nationalist staffers have quit or have been fired from the campaign. It should also be remembered that a couple of months prior to this, they had fired the campaign’s conservative web master, Linda Muller, over a difference of opinion.
Of course, once the media looked a little closer at the Buchanan/Reform campaign they founcf links to a whole host of politically incorrect groups apart from the AF-BNP, including the CofCC, National Alliance, Liberty Lobby, American Nationalist Union, Middle American News, NOFEAR, and the League of the South. They realized that all this publicity about being linked to the “far right” would not broaden Pat Buchanan’s support amongst African-Americans and Hispanics, in fact it would drive many of them away.
The Buchanan campaign had to act quickly to repair the
iw a» mjmi
UttlllttgC UUIIG IU IU Imugb
at the Buchanan/Reform Party convention in Long Beach, California, Pat Buchanan announced who his vice presidential running mate would be - Ezola Foster, an African-American female. “And you can’t get a more politically-correct running mate than that,” said a New York Times reporter.
A number of our supporters say they are still going to vote for Buchanan (as the best of a bad bunch), and some are still are even actively working for the campaign. Perhaps a plurality is sickened by the affair and will be sitting this election out. Buchanan’s base support - White Middle America - has now all but gone, and at the time of this writing he is polling between one and two percent of the vote.
So where do we go from here? Two points: first, we admit that our earlier qualified support of Buchanan was a mistake. We sincerely apologize to the many readers who warned us months ago not to support Buchanan or the Reform Party: you were right, we were wrong. We have to accept that Buchanan is now part of the problem, and not part of the solution. Second, the whole notion of trying to infiltrate someone else’s movement and hijack it was a bad idea, as the Buchanan/Reform Party case proved. Instead, what Middle America needs is a vehicle openly dedicated to White survival and White interests through legal political struggle, which is to say, what is needed is an American version of the British National Party.	□
Recent Events and Activities

he American Friends of the BNP has organized or been involved in a number of activities since the last newsletter, including the following:
' On Thursday, July 20, we welcomed back to America m Darby, who visited us last year. Simon is the BNP’s net wizard and he hosts their successful multimedia site, which includes both audio and video footage of BNP
Simon Darby speaking at the AF-BNP meeting in Falls Church, Virginia
events. Check out its excellent site at: www.bnp.to. Simon was also a BNP candidate in this years council elections in Dudley (middle England) where he polled 16% of the vote -double his 1999 vote of 8%!
While in the states, Simon spoke at three AF-BNP house meetings, the first of which was held in Richmond, Virginia, on Thursday, July 27. Before the meeting started he took the
opportunity to look around the old capital of the Confederacy and to visit the Confederate Museum, the Confederate White House and Hollywood Cemetery, which is the final resting place of Confederate President Jefferson Davis and hundreds, if not thousands, of Confederate soldiers. The meeting was held in a quiet suburb of Richmond at the home of one of our supporters, Travis Freeland. About twenty local supporters attended.
Two days later in Falls Church, Virginia, on Saturday, July 29, Simon spoke at the second meeting, which was held at the home of AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill. About twenty-five members and supporters from northern Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. attended. While staying in northern Virginia, Simon

U


Heritage andfSestiny
-3-
Fall 2000
got to visit i number of Washington, D.C.’s famous landmarks, as well as to meet some of the many prominent Nationalists in the area.
The third and final meeting at which Simon spoke was in Lake Worthy just outside of West Palm Beach in southern Florida, on Tuesday, August 1. This meeting was held at the home of a former British National Front member now living in America. About twenty members and supporters from all over southern Florida attended. While in the area, Simon got to meet his American counterpart, Don Black, who hosts the most successful American Nationalist website - StormfronL You can check out this website at: www.stormfront.org. He also got to shoot a recruitment video for the AF-BNP, which included an interview with chairman Mark Cotterill. You can see this video on the AF-BNP website at: www.americabnp.net. Simon also conducted interviews with a number of our Floridian BNP supporters, including Kristin Duke (David Duke’s daughter) and the Rev. John Alder of the European-American Episcopal Church.
Simon’s last evening in American was spent in Fairfax, Virginia, at die home of one of our many Irish-American
Simon Darby meets AF-BNP supporters

Martin Kerr (right) presents Simon Darby with a check $500.00 for the BNP election campaign in West Bromwi
members, Sean O'Casey. Sean had organized a cookout, but due to the bad weather this became a “cook-in!" In attendance were nationally-syndicated columnist Dr. Sam Francis, American Renaissance Assistant Editor Jim Lubinskas, and a number of Reform Party members. After the “cook-in” AF-BNP member Martin Kerr presented Simon Darby with a check for $500.00 for the West Bromwich West by-election fund.
£r On Tuesday, August 8, we held another house| in Falls Church, Virginia. The guest speaker was PovlTLRlss^ dsen, who has been a leading figure in the Danish Racial ot^novement for many years. Knudsen, who was the audience by his long-time friend and AF-•er Martin Kerr, gave a very interesting talk on the lituation in Scandinavia in general and Denmark in particular. He then answered questions for well over an hour from the twenty-strong crowd present
/-election : meeting Qv
BNP

ft The American Friends of the BNP held another highly successful meeting in Arlington, Virginia, on Saturday August 26. Over eighty members and supporters attended, most of them locals, but some coming from as far away as West Virginia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Florida, Minnesota and even California!
As is now the norm, our meeting started with the singing of the national anthems, first the American, “The Star-Spangled Banner,” then the British, “God Save the Queen.” Meeting chairman Martin Kerr then introduced the first speaker, Mr. Howard Fezell, a leading gun rights activist from West Virginia. Mr. Fezell, who hosts the excellent website www.2ndamendment.net, gave a very interesting talk on Second Amendment rights and the link between race and crime. He proved to be a very popular speaker and we will be inviting him back.
The second speaker was Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) activist Ken Schmidt, of New Jersey. Mr.
Povl H. Riss-Knudsen (left) with Mark Cotterill
I
EJerltag
andffiestiny
-4-
Fall 2000
Schmidt, who is editor of the Nationalist Dawn newsletter, spoke on why he was no longer supporting the Buchanan/Reform campaign, after being a staunch and loyal supporter of Pat Buchanan for many years. He expressed the view held by many that Buchanan’s choice of a Negress as his vice presidential running mate will lose him the support of many thousands of White “Middle Americans.”
As our meetings serve as'a “free speech forum,” we invited members of the audience who still supported the Buchanan/Reform campaign, to reply to Mr. Schmidt. Fellow CofCC member Phil White, a Reform Party supporter from Florida, took the floor and argued why Conservatives and Nationalists should still support the Buchanan campaign.
Next on was Richard Brook, who came all the way from

Steve Barry speaking at AF-BNP meeting in Arlington, VA
London, England, to address the meeting — and to have a vacation in Virginia Beach! Mr. Brook is the BNP’s organizer for Lewisham in South East London and a leading party activist He spoke of the BNP’s progress in the recent elections in England and explained how the party was going to build on that success. He also talked about the close links between America and Britain (including his own — he has an American wife) and what Americans can do to help the BNP.
American Friends of the BNP chairman Mark Cotterill then took the floor for a few minutes and spoke of the progress of both the BNP back in the old country and the AF-BNP over here. He held a collection for funds, as usual “Dutch Auction” style, which raised over S900.
Ronnie Doggett, the Virginia State chairman of the National Organization For European American Rights (NOFEAR), gave a brief report on the organization and on the activities of its Richmond-based Virginia chapter. Following this, the famous raffle was held with over twenty attendees winning prizes of books and other merchandise that had been donated by meeting sponsors.
The final speaker of the afternoon was Sergeant Steven Barry, formerly a non-commissioned officer in the Special Forces and now the editor of the not very politically correct
I		
Heritage and Bestlny		1
-5-
Howard Fezel! speaking at AF-BNP meeting in Arlington, VA
Resister magazine. Sergeant Barry, who was bom in England, spoke on the decline of the American military since it became multiracial and multi-gender. In a very powerful and interesting speech he explained how what was once one of the finest armies in the world is now second rate and would have a difficult time winning future ground wars. After his speech a very lively question and answer session followed. The meeting ended with Richard Brook’s American wife singing solo the new unofficial English national anthem, “Jerusalem.” Everyone present agreed that she was just great!
After the meeting a very enjoyable social was held at which supporters could get to know each other better and talk further to the speakers over a late lunch and a few drinks. Altogether, another very successful afternoon.	□
Richard Brook speaking at AF-BNP meeting in Arlington, VA
Fall 2000