

$3.00 Issue 9__________The Magazine of the	American	Friends	of	the	BNP_July/August 2001
British Election 2001 - Mission Accomplished!
The General Election of2001 has been the most electorally successful in the history of the British National Party, or indeed in the history of British Nationalism. With five saved deposits* including three results in excess of 10%, I the result has been a complete vindication of the kind of party the BNP is trying to become - more efficient, more voter friendly and, above all, more successful.
The party did not contest as many seats this time around as it did in 1997, so the total vote of47,225 isn’t terribly large. Nevertheless, spread over thirty-three seats, this gives the party an average of 1,431 votes per seat and 3.9% of the poll contested. This is more than three times larger than the 1.2% average vote secured by the BNP 1997. This may not sound great to some Americans, but it was almost ten times bigger than Pat Buchanan and his Reform Party, which polled only 0.4% here in the States last November.
The best vote was won by Chairman Nick Griffin in Oldham West and Royton,
6.552 for 16.4% of the poll in which Nick comfortably beat the Liberal-Democrats into third place and came less than 2% behind the second-placed Conservative candidate. This was not just the best BNP parliamentary vote in this election, it was the best nationalist parliamentary vote ever, exceeding the 1973 National Front vote in West Bromwich, which amounted to 4,789 for 16.02%. In fact Nick Griffin's vote is far better than the gap 0.38% suggests because the vote in 1973 was a| by-election, not a General Election and the NF was in a four-way contest, not a five-way one, with no Liberal or Green candidates as the BNP faced. Lastly, West Bromwich then was a lot Whiter than Oldham is now and the media was less hostile to Nationalists. Contrary to popular supposition, the party’s second-best result
was not in the other Oldham seat, Oldham East and Saddleworth, but in Burnley with 4,151 votes for 11.25%, thrashing the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) in the process. This result was built up
with solid community political work and not a race riot in sight. Local Organizer and candidate, Steve Smith deserves much credit for achieving arguably the best natural vote of the election.
The other Oldham seat, Oldham I East & Saddleworth, which includes a fair proportion of very untypically BNP middle and upper middle class property, was contested by Oldham Organizer I Mick Treacy, who racked up a remarkable 5,091 votes for 11.21% of the poll also thrashing UKIP. Quite simply, the votes the party achieved in the North I West were the best ever.
Other North West results came in I Pendle, where regional organizer Chris Jackson scored 1,976 votes for 4.97% of the poll (beating UKIP), and Ashton-under- Lyne which is partly in Oldham and partly in Manchester, which was contested by Roger Wood who gained | 1,617 votes for 4.52% of the poll, beating the Greens. For readers wondering why two decimal points are being used when the party has just notched up its best results ever at parliamentary level, the answer is to be found in the confusion between five saved deposits and seven rounded results of 5% (the deposit saving threshold). Chris Jackson just missed saving his deposit by eleven votes. In Dagenham, Dave Hill missed saving it by just two votes!
In the North East, the party stood in Sunderland North and in Sunderland South, with Dave Guynan and Joe Dobbie getting votes
Continued on page 3
BNP chairman Nick Griffin, giving the victory salute after his record-breaking vote of 6,552 — 16.4% was _______annouced in Oldham West and Royton.________

Heritage and Efiestlny: The Magazine of the American Friends of the BNP
“We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back/’
Editor: Mark Cotterill ♦♦♦ Assistant Editor: Martin Kerr ♦♦♦ Dir. Media Communications: Rev. Carl Clifford P. O. Box 1746 ♦> Falls Church, Virginia22041-1746 ❖ Phone/Fax: (703) 820-3844 Website address: http://www.americabnp.net ♦♦♦ Electronic Mail: BNP@crusader.net
Opinions expressed in articles are the authors' own, and should not be taken to represent the editorial viewpoint of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.
Mission Statement of the American Friends of the BNP
The American Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British* descent or who are descended from European peoples and who share our goals as listed below. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
The aims of the American Friends of the BNP are:
1)	To preserve and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British or other European descent:
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country back;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to the cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
♦ In general we define ‘‘British" as including the English, Irish, Scotch-Irish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also include a number of lesser well-known peoples such the Cornish, the Manx (the people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Alderney, Jersey. Guernsey, or Sark).
Editorial
Welcome to Issue 9 of Heritage and Destiny, the magazine of the American Friends of the BNP. We again had a good feedback from Issue 8. which was another success and sold very well (including fifty copies sold at the CofCC conference (see report on page 8). Subscriptions are also starting to come in now from both here in the States and back in the old country, where the magazine is going down very well amongst BNP members there. Please keep sending in your letters, press cuttings, photos and artwork. We also need more quality articles, on subjects relevant to British-Americans. Last but of course not least we need your donations - however large or small every dollar counts. Please try and send in whatever you can afford.
In America, desecration of the U.S. flag is being treated as a constitutional right (many constitutional ’‘rights" ore capable of being exercised in a despicable fashion) protected by the ACLU. But recently a woman in England was fined 200 pounds (about $300) for stepping on the US flag. The reason? It was a “hate crime." You see. Americans ore a racial minority in England. A peeress in what's left of the House of Lords complained that since flag-burning was legal in the U. S. it should be legal in Britain. This is inconsistent Would she suggest that Britons should have all the Constitutional rights that Americans do? The right to keep and bear arms, actual free speech, even the right to practice medicine? They used to have these rights, and in a sense invented them. But they're gone, and have been for years.
In fact Britain’s official political culture has become increasingly hostile to freedom of speech with regard to race relations. While post-WWII immigration has led to increased crime, including the kind of street crime associated with New York and Detroit people aren't allowed to complain about it.
In the recent British general election. Britain’s state ftinded Commission for Racial Equality imposed what amounted to a loyalty oath on all the main parties, requesting them to sign a pledge not to discuss the "national question." or advocate restricting immigration. (Just as the U.S. Civil Rights Commission is controlled by vicious, bloodthirsty Democrats, the CRE is pro-Labour Party.) The text of the Commission for Racial Equality's "Election Compact" states: "Elected politicians must represent everyone, not pitch one group against another for short-term political or personal gain." Which suggests that they haven't grasped the basic idea of democracy.
Under former leader. William Hague, the Conservative Party (Britain's
Stupid Party) imitated the Republican Party in rolling over and playing dead for the race relations industry. It hasn't done them any good, of course, because the other side always wants more.
In spite of the "Election Compact" there was a lot of rioting during the election. During this rioting there was not only violence by Muslem Asians but, to the horror of the press, by White people as well. The British authorities have a plan to deal with that at least. They're going to deny bail to Whites accused of racial violence. (As with American legal practice. Blacks are not charged with hate crimes.) The rationale behind this last act is significant.
A Home Office source said: "With a racist attack, if someone is given bail it is not just the person who may have been attacked that is put in fear. Such a person might attack any Black or Asian person. They can affect a whole area with a climate of fear by their very presence on the street."
This is ridiculous, especially when you consider that it logically applies with more force to suspected armed robbers, or rapists, who don't discriminate. However, in recent moves to deny bail to repeat offenders, the Home Office has been unable to have armed robbery and street mugging included in the non-bailable offenses. The European Convention on Human Rights includes a presumption that everyone is presumptively entitled to bail. This is the same Convention that leads people to pass Race Relations laws. Of course, if the U.K. authorities did manage to hold armed robbers without bail, they’d no doubt face complaints that this had a "disparate impact" on minorities.
Thus in Britain, seventeen years after 1984, the following serious dangers exist: there is a large criminal class, much of it imported from the Third World. Murder is not punishable by death, sometimes not even by imprisonment. You are not allowed the means of self-defense. If you do defend yourself, you can expect to be punished. You aren't allowed to complain about this. The worst aspect of this problem is that it's all very non-partisan. Gun control laws, abolition of the death penalty. Race Relations laws, and immigration policy are all things on which the main parties seem to agree. Furthermore, even if these things could be changed by legislation, the European Union would never agree to any kind of effective crime control measures.
There is hope on the horizon though. As reported in our lead article, the British National Party did extremely well in the general election, polling the highest percentage vote that any Nationalist party has ever received in Britain since World War II. Their votes may seem still small to some, but it is a good start and coming so soon after the successful victory for Nationalists in Italy, bodes well for the future. The British people ore indeed fortunate to have a party such as the BNP with a talented leader.	Q
Continued from page 1
Vote Breakdown in Oldham West & Royton 2.3% Green Party
12.4 % Liberal
16.4% BNP
Nick Griffin
17.7% Conservative
51.2 % Labour
of687 and 576 for 2.3% and 1.85% of the vote respectively. These are absolutely the best parliamentary votes in the North East for the party ever, with the vote in Sunderland North particularly promising and which would indicate several good wards in the area. Nevertheless, the vote in Sunderland South was still good enough to beat the UKIP, even though they had the advantage of the local support of the Metric Martyr greengrocer, Steve Thorbum. Once again, outside of Euro elections, the UKIP has nothing to say to the electorate.
In Yorkshire, the party again contested Dewsbury where Russell Smith notched up 1,632 votes for 4.45% of the poll, which is slightly iown on the vote of 5.18% in 1997. This does tend to indicate that at hat previous election, the party did indeed substantially benefit from laving a candidate with the same surname as the winning Labour •ne. In Bradford, the party's National Trea-1 urer, John Brayshaw, contested the Bradford ■lorth seat in one of the most event-filled ampaigns of all. The Post Office’s legal team bjected at the last moment to a phrase in le election address and, as a consequence, arty activists had to step in and manually ensor it Unfortunately, only 10,000 of these Duld be completed in time for acceptance | the Royal Mail. Several thousand more ere put out by party activists on the ground, it despite getting only a third of the distri-ition of the election address John Brayshaw ill managed to poll 1,613 votes to get 4.61 %
' the poll, an outstanding achievement, learly, given full distribution, the party Duld almost certainly have cleared well over 5% to save yet another! posit. In both Yorkshire seats, the party thrashed the Greens and sily bested the UKIP candidate in Dewsbury.
In the West Midlands, the party contested Stoke-on-Trent South d substantially improved upon its 1997 performance. Once again, ;ve Batkin waved the BNP banner, this time getting 1,358 votes for '7% of the poll, up from 1.23% four years ago. In Birmingham Hodge II, Lee Windridge did very well to take 889 votes representing 3.36% the poll. It is also the best Parliamentary result the party has ever •eked up in Birmingham. In the process, Lee saw off two indepen-its, UKIP and the Socialist Labour Party (SLP). Next door in the ick Country, the party fought two seats, Dudley North, contested Simon Darby, and West Bromwich West, contested by John Sal-;e. Simon recorded the best West Midlands BNP vote ever with 22 votes for 4.73%, while John recorded 1,428 votes for 4.49% ishing both the UKIP and the SLP. This was a good increase on party's by-election tally of794 last November 23rd. Nevertheless, ncreased turnout saw a small percentage rise of only 0.29%. This ss the lie to claims that the party’s by-election result at the time ; poor. Given generally rising percentages, the fact that the per-

Steve Smith polled 4,151 - 11.25% in Burnley
centage rose only slightly reflects the fact that a better campaign was fought back in November than the knockers were willing to give credit for. In Coventry N.E., Edward Sheppard took 737 votes for 1.98% of the poll, which it has to be said is a little disappointing given that Coventry BNP put out 10,000 special edition Voice of Freedoms.
ki the East Midlands, the party contested three seats. Leicester East and Blaby both benefited from 5,000 each of a special Leicester edition of the Voice of Freedom and Blaby also benefited from addressed election material to defeat possible non-delivery of our election material. Leicester also got some added help from an American member of the BNP, Richard from Minnesota, who was over on vacation in the old country. Well done Richard. In Blaby, Ed Scott did best with 1,357 votes for 2.85% of the poll, while Clive Potter contested sleazy Keith Vaz (an Indian Labour MP) for Leicester East getting 772 votes or 1.9% of the poll. The Blaby result is particularly encouraging, up from 1997’s by nearly two whole points. The other East Midlands seat to be contested was Erewash. This was last contested by the party in 1992 when the party took 645 votes for 1% of the poll. This time, Steve Belshaw took fewer votes (591) in a reduced turnout but increased the party’s share marginally to 1.23%. It has to be said, Blaby apart, that given the generally rising votes the party has been enjoying, the East Midlands appears to be a less fruitful area.
The party contested just one constituency in the Home Counties and one in Wales. In Wales the party chalked up its lowest vote of the election, 278 votes for a lowly 0.79% of the poll. The party has always done less well in Wales than in England so candidate Terry Cavill is to
be commended on his bravery. Another contributory factor in this vote was partial delivery of the party’s election address, not through leftist non-cooperation as might be expected, but through BNP inexperience at local level and not knowing to sign off a simple form until late in the day. Very much a case of live and learn! In Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, BNP candidate John Cope received 848 votes for 2.24% of the poll, just ten votes behind the UKIP. As with other comparable votes, this vote is up from 1997, this time by 238 votes and nearly a whole percentage point.
That leaves London, but the London BNP is certainly not least, having fielded a hefty share of the campaign total, fourteen out of thirty-three seats contested nationally. Predictably, the most interesting part contested was East London. The two East End seats, Bethnal Green & Bow, and Poplar & Canning Town, were once again both contested by the party. The changing demographic’s of this area, where 98% of schoolchildren under fifteen are Bangladeshi, not just non-White, but specifically Bangladeshi, meant that the party’s share of the vote was expected to go down but nevertheless stay above 5% to retain the de- I , posit. In the event, the party’s 1997, 7.5% re-K3 suit in Bethnal Green & Bow was more than If halved as the party slumped to just 1,267 votes for 3.29% of the poll leaving party candidate Michael Davidson trailing the Green candidate by 400 votes. Almost certainly the reason for this dra-1 matic slump was not just changing demographics, but the intervention of the right wing New Britain Party, which came from nowhere to take 888 votes for 2.31% of the poll. Worse still is that the NBP vote was not a product of its own making, for
largely sharing two out of three words in its party name with the BNP, it seems highly likely that there was considerable voter confusion and that BNP votes went to the NBP by mistake. Basically, we were robbed!
Strengthening the we-were-robbed theory is that in neighbouring Poplar & Canning Town, the BNP’s Paul Borg took 1,773 votes for 5.19% of the poll to save the party’s deposit once again. This vote was down from 7.26% last time in 1997 to between the 5 and 6% mark that had been expected in both East End seats. Adding the NBP tally to the BNP’s does indeed give the expected figure, 5.6% which would have been slightly higher than in Poplar & Canning Town, as indeed it was back in 1997.
In Waltham Forest, the party contested two seats, Walthamstow and Chingford & Woodford Green. William Phillips scored 389 votes in Walthamstow for 1.13% of the vote there while Jean Griffin (Nick Griffin’s Mom) took 1,062 votes for 2.87% in the other. Jean’s vote was just three votes higher than in 1997, but in a reduced turnout, this boosted the party’s share by a full half point. Nothing to shout about, but going in the right direction.
While the party is witnessing the slow decline and death of the old East End, on election night we witnessed the birth of the new East End in Barking & Dagenham. This overwhelmingly White borough features the same social profile that made the East End so good for the BNP in earlier times and gave the party two very good votes indeed.
■And this is in an area where the party has no functioning group and hasn't done a stroke of work for some years.
Mark Tolman once again con-tested Barking and received an excellent 1,606 votes for 6.39% of the vote thus saving the party’s deposit. In neighbouring Dagenham, Dave Hill took 1,378 votes for 4.99% of
the poll coming within just one vote of achieving 5% and allowing for a few spoilt ballots, just two votes of saving the party’s deposit there too. Both these votes were up from 1997. The party’s Dagenham share doubled, while our share for Barking more than doubled.
In next door Romford, the party’s vote was disappointingly down from 520 votes and 1.24% in 1997 to 414 votes for 1.16% gained by Frank McAllister this time. The main reason for which, given rising votes elsewhere, appears to be a squeeze bom from a fierce scrap between Labour and the Conservatives for this marginal seat, which was one of only a few that the Tories managed to capture from Labour.
In West London, the party contested two seats. These were Hayes & Harlington and Ruislip-Northwood. The best of which was Hayes & Harlington contested by the BNP’s Gary Birch, which yielded 705 votes for 2.18% of the poll and beating a strong independent. Also in the borough of Hillingdon is Ruislip-Northwood contested by Ian Edwards. Ian took 547 votes for 1.47% of the poll.
In North London, the party contested just one seat, in Enfield North. The vote here, gained by local man Ray Johns, was 605 for 1.58%, up slightly from 1997 (1.24%), but still good enough to best three other candidates including UK IP.
In South London, the party contested four seats. In Mitcham & Morden, the party took 642 votes for 1.69% of the poll, which was good enough to beat UKIP. This vote gained by former BNP chairman John Tyndall was up more than a hundred votes (1.09% in 1997). This was one of two seats contested by Croydon BNP, the other being nearby Croydon Central, where Lynda Miller received 449 votes for 0.98% of the vote, which was up by more than half (0.65% last time).
In Lewisham East, the BNP’s Barry Roberts picked up 1,005 votes to achieve 3.34% of the vote, easily besting UKIP and the Socialist Alliance, and getting several times the support won by other nationalist groups who have contested the seat in the past few elections. Finally, in Bexleyheath & Crayford, Colin Smith recorded 1,408 votes for 3.49% of the poll, up more than 2% on the 1997 election and easily pushing UKIP into last place.
Overall, the BNP had a fantastic election. Other minor parties did not have such a good showing. The Greens held ten deposits as opposed to the BNP’s five (which was tantalizingly near to being seven), but their best result in Brighton Pavilion was a modest 9.35% whereas the BNP exceeded that in three seats.
UKIP had a terrible election with only six saved deposits (out of 429 seats fought!). Their best result was in Bexhill & Battle, where the UKIP leader Nigel Farage, MEP polled 3,474 votes, for 7.8%. The UKIP polled a total of only 390,619 votes, an average of 911. This is a long way from their pre-election prediction of a million votes and three seats won. Given the huge sums of money spent on lull-page adverts in the national press, and a fantastically expensive TV broad-
IVIick Treacy (left) ran in Oldham East & Snddleworth. Edward Scott ran in Blaby-Leicestershire
cast, the fate of the UK.IP provides yet another object lesson in the folly of the Battle-of-the- Somme approach to general elections, which is all too often engaged in by minor parties, and a complete vindication of the BNP's strategy of concentrating its efforts and refusing to be tempted into going for broke.
The BNP beat the UKIP in twelve seats where we clashed and came second best in another five. We were marginally in front of the Green Party, besting them in four out of seven, and the party came out well in front of the far left. The far-left managed to best the party in just three seats including Coventry N.E. where Dave Nellist, the ex-Labour MP and now of the Socialist Alliance, had one of the best far-left campaigns in the country. Nellist saved his deposit with more than 7% of the poll. Elsewhere, the BNP came out on top of either the Socialist Labour Party or the Socialist Alliance in six seats.
Other nationalist parties hardly made any showing in this election. The National Front (NF) only ran candidates in five seats. They polled an average of496 votes, for 1.49%. The best NF result was in Birmingham. Erdington, where their candidate Mick Shore polled 681 votes, for 2.23%. The Third Way (TW) ran in just two seats. In West Belfast, Northern Ireland their candidate David Kerr ran against Sinn Fein/IRA leader Gerry Adams. He polled 116 votes, 0.28%, the record lowest vote (for the second time) for a nationalist candidate. In the other seat TW ran in, Hornchurch in Essex, David Durant polled 190
votes, for 0.53% and came fifth out of five candidates. The New Britain Party ran just one candidate (as we mentioned earlier).
Perhaps the biggest long-term victory won during the whole election campaign came before any votes had been cast. At the end of May, about a week before General Election day, the BNP’s legal department forced the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) into a humiliating climbdown. Ever since the BBC started using the Internet to provide in-depth coverage of British elections on its hugely popular website, they have refused to provide a link to the BNP’s website. The BBC has linked its site to everyone from Islamic terrorists, to the Communists, to IRA/Sinn Fein, but they would not link to the BNP.
However, for this election the BNP had already researched the legal position. As a result Nick Griffin was able to point out to the BBC’s lawyers that the refusal to provide a link to the BNP website and to that website alone, was not only in breach of their own charter, but also against the European Convention on Human Rights.
Within only five hours of receiving the BNP’s ultimatum letter, the BBC surrendered and told Nick Griffin that the illegal discrimination would stop. So now the BBC and the BNP websites are linked! And, far more important, they, and other sections of the Establishment, now know they cannot get away with riding roughshod over the
Carl Clifford (left) AF-BNP Director Media Communications, and Martin Kerr (right), with Nick Griffin at Reagan Airport
BNP’s rights.
While the BNP’s national average was 3.9%, the strong North West showing (an average of 9.67%) means that for the first time ever, the party is electorally stronger outside of London than inside, although the London share includes many more unfavorable constituencies. Nevertheless, the five best London seats averaged 4.68%.
When one considers, however, that the BNP’s first electoral outing back in 1983 saw it get just 1% in its best seat, and that we could only take 3% in the Tower Hamlets constituency that included Millwall
W	m
ward in the general election before we won the Millwall seat, you can see the extent of the progress made in recent years. The BNP entered this election with the primary aim of setting itself up to make a real push to secure local council seats next June, and to publicize the extent to which it has repositioned itself into the political mainstream. Mission accomplished! Everyone from here in the States who helped with donations can be very proud of themselves - your dollars made the difference. Thank you to all American Friends of the BNP.
* A deposit is 500 pounds (about $750), which each candidate must pay before he can run in the General Election. If the candidate polls over 5% of the vote, he gets his deposit returned. If he fails to get the 5% (most third party candidates fail) he loses the deposit.
Check out the AF-BNP website at: www.americabnp.net for full details of the BNP’s General Election results.	BS
Mark Cotterill, Falls Church Virginia
A Message from Nick Griffin
To all our American Friends who contributed at the meetings I attended in May, or who sent in donations to our election fund. Many thanks for your invaluable financial assistance and moral support No doubt Mark will be giving you all the details ofour headline grabbing advances in the general election here. Obviously we have: a very long road ahead, but we have taken some really significant steps now, steps we would have found even more difficult without your generosity. There’s a new spirit abroad in the IBritishNational-ist movement and among a growing number of thus far uninvolved-Brits, the spirit of freedom and victoiy! Thanks again and best wishes to you all.
Nick Griffin
National Chairman, British National Party
BQerltage and fiesttny
- 5 -
July/August 2001