EXHIBIT 9
■
$3.00 Issue 7	The Magazine of the American Friends of the BNP	March/April	2001
eritage
and
Is This the End for the Races of Britain?
The White people of the Great Britain received a nasty shock late last year when Britain’s Labour government finally admitted what those of us in the BNP have known for decades: that native Britons are rapidly becoming a minority in their own country. Current estimates based on existing demographic trends indicate that Whites will be a minority in Great Britain by the year2100. London will be a majority nonwhite city by the year 2015 according to Britain’s Home Secretary Jack Straw, who is himself a member of a minority group. The city of Leicester in the East Midlands is predicted to be the first major British city to have a majority Black and Asian population; by the end of this decade they will outnumber White Britons there.
Veteran British Nationalists, however, fear that the government may still be covering up the severity of the situation. The Labour government presently concedes that ten percent of the population of Britain is now nonwhite. Some observers think that the actual percentage of nonwhites may actually be significantly higher (between twelve to fifteen percent depending on how you define nonwhite).
The Times of London reports that “on current projection, the change could come as soon as 2060,” rather than in 2100, as the government predicts.
The leftist British newspaper The Ob-\ server, well-known for its anti-White stance, could scarcely contain its glee, boasting that “This is the first time in history that a major indigenous population has voluntarily become a minority.” Of course, the term “voluntarily” is problematic in this context. It is only “voluntary” if the White people of Britain are consulted about the change,
| government has no plans to allow native Britons to vote on the proposed demographic shift Instead, it is simply being presented to them as an inevitable, accomplished fact All of this strikes White Nationalists in America as being very familiar. As early as the 1960s, Racial Nationalists here such as George Lincoln Rockwell and Dr. Edward Fields cautioned that White Americans were slipping to minority status. Their warnings were ridiculed in the news media, and they were dismissed as “hate-mongers” and “extremists.” In the 1970s and 1980s, Duke Duke and others sounded the same alarm and were likewise dismissed. Then, following the 1990 U.S. census, the American government admitted that, yes. Whites were in fact becoming a minority, and would lose their majority status in America sometime during the middle of this century (in California, Hawaii, New Mexico and Washington, D.C. Whites are already a minority). As with the White people of Britain, this change was presented to American Whites as though it were inevitable. They were given no say in the matter, and it became socially and politically impermissible even to question this drastic, historic racial shift.
And one final note of similarity between the British and American situations: in both cases, the government and [the news media make no further predictions as to what will happen to the remaining White population once it becomes a minority. The impression they give, without actually saying so, is that once Whites become forty-nine percent of the population they will stay at that level indefinitely. In point of fact, the White population is not going to sta-
and if they agree to it. But that is not the case at all. Rather, the British
BBerttage and fiesttny	-1
Continued on page 3
March/April 2001
Bflerltage and Besttny: The Magazine of the American Friends of the BNP
“We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back.”
Editor: Mark Cotterill *♦* Assistant Editors: Rev. Carl Clifford, Roy Craig, and Martin Kerr.
P. O. Box 1746 ❖ Falls Church, Virginia 22041-1746 ❖ Phone:-(703) 820-3844 ❖ Fax: (703) 820-3309 Website address: http://www.americabnp.net ♦♦♦ Electronic Mail: BNP@crusader.net
Opinions expressed in articles are the authors* own, and should not be taken to represent the editorial viewpoint of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.
Mission Statement of the American Friends of the BNP
The American Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British41 descent or who are descended from European peoples and who share our goals as listed below. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
The aims of the American Friends of the BNP are:
1)	To preserve and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British or other European descent;
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country hack;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to die cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
I In general we define “British** as including the English, Irish, Scotch-Irish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also include a number of lesser well-known peoples such the Cornish, the Manx (die people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Alderney, Jersey, Guernsey, or Sark).
Editorial
Welcome to Issue 7 of Heritage and Destiny, the magazine of the American Friends of the BNP. Our new twenty-page bi-monthly format has met with the approval of all of those readers who have commented on it So we will continue with this for as long as finances permit us to do so. We have not until now taken subscriptions for Heritage and Destiny, as it was an irregular publication and we could not be sure when the next issue would come out However the editorial team now feels confident that with your support we can publish the magazine every two months. So if you are not a member of the American Friends of the BNP (members are sent every issue as part of their membership package), you can help Heritage and Destiny grow by taking out a yearly (six issues) subscription for only S24.00. A subscription form is included with this issue. You can also buy extra copies, to sell at your local meetings or to give to friends, who in turn may subscribe themselves. Please call our office at (703) 820-3844 (or e-mail us at BNP^crusader.net) for our bulk rates.
We also need more articles than have been submitted in the past A two-page article should be around 1400 words maximum and a one-page article, no move than 300 words. This will allow us to include photos or artwork along with the article and make the overall appearance of the magazine more attractive Please also keep sending in your letters for our very lively letters pages, and also press cuttings, photos and artwork. We also want more news on what British- Americans in general and AF-BNP members in particular are doing to advance our cause in the fifty states (and Canada). Last, but of course not least, we need your donations - however large or small, every dollar counts. Please try and send in whatever you can afford and we will do our part to publish a magazine that British'Americans can be proud of.
in the fifty states there are hundreds, it not thousands, of publications and orgam rations wtnch reflect one way or another a Racial Nationalist viewpoint A few Patriot friends of mine have aaked me why we need another one. Why do we need the AF-BNP and Heritage and Destiny^ My answer was that there is a niche for us at the present and probably an even bigger market than we realize waiting for us in the figure. British'Americans represent the largest single White group in the fifty states. However, they have not had s Racial WskwiIhi banner to rally around, a publication or organization that represents their heritage - until now. We are that banner, we are filling that niche and we are doing much more than that as wall.
The AF'BMP has, over the last two years, apart from financially helping the
fflerttage and Beatinv
BNP in the old country, been organizing and bringing together many different Racial Nationalists from many different groups and putting them in the same room together at the meetings we organize. This up to now has never been done successfully in America. The BNP has succeeded in uniting ninety percent of the Racial Nationalists in the British Isles behind its banner. This was not an easy task, but it was done and now the BNP is the only Racial Nationalist political party of any substance that warrants joining or even voting for.
Of course there are still those outside of the British National Party who will never unite and never join in. They will continually snipe from the sidelines at what the BNP has achieved. The same thing happens in America, of course, but it’s much worse as there are so many little chiefs all wanting to be leader of their little group or editor of their little publication. These people have no real interest in trying to save our Race and Nation’s. They have no real interest in trying to now build a successful Racial Nationalist Third Party here in the fifty states, as has been done all over Europe, if not most of the White world.
Just for a moment, take a look at the European Racial Nationalist scene. It’s not perfect by any means, but it’s so far ahead of anything we have in America that it’s unbelievable! In Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy and in much of Scandinavia real progress has been made in recent years. In the British Isles (including Ireland), and Holland, Portugal, Spain and Switzerland, limited progress has been made, but things are going in the right direction. In what was the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe great progress has been made in many nations and the potential there is massive.
The same can happen here in America. Many of us thought the lead may have come from the Buchanan Brigades and the Reform Party. We were to be sadly disappointed. However, just because Buchanan sold out and the Reform Party failed does not mean that our ideas are wrong or unpopular. Far from it, millions of European-Americans support what we represent They, however, have to be reached out to and then organized. They will not turn to us if we cannot even sit in the same room together, let alone work together. The American Friends of the BNP and Heritage and Destiny magazine - although first and foremost supporting the BNP back in the old country and those of British descent in the fifty states • will work with any sincere American Racial Nationalists. Our first goal should be bringing about, first unity amongst the better sections of our Movement and then the creation of a European-style American Racial Nationalist Third Party that represents our views and can take them to the millions out there who would support us.
-2-
March/April 2001
Recent Events & Activities
The American Friends of the BNP has organized or been involved in a number of activities since the last issue of Heritage and Destiny. By far the most important of these activities was held on Sunday, February 17, when we held our Red, White and Blue celebration over the Presidents Day weekend, in Port St Lucie on Florida’s treasure coast The event was a great success and we make no apologies for devoting four pages of this issue to it Over fifty members and supporters were in attendance throughout the day. All but five of those attending were from Florida, but two traveled down from New Jersey, two from foe Washington, D.C., area and one came all the way from England. The venue was foe home of one of our founding members, foe Rev. John Alder of foe European-American Episcopal Church and we are very grateful to him for letting us use his facilities for foe day. We erected a large tent in foe back yard and decorated it with British and American flags. This served as our meeting area.
The day started very early for foe half-a-dozen or so volunteer help-ers who set the whole thing up in a couple of hours. They were treated to Sunday brunch by our host for foe day, Rev. John Alder, which included blueberry and cheese crepes, sour cream, whipped cream, raspberry and blueberry syrup, crackers with smoked salmon spread, shrimp with cocktail sauce, French sauteme wine, and a pot ofTwinings English breakfast tea and New Orleans French Market coffee. Before we all had even finished brunch, the first of the attendees started to anive.
A number of local Patriot groups as well as foe AF-BNP set up literature and merchandise tables, which did a brisk trade all through the day. Attendees were offered a whole host of fine beers and ales from Scotland, Ireland and England, including Tenant’s and Belhaven of Scotland, Old Speckled Hen, Tetley’s, Boddington’s, Samuel Smith’s of England and Abbot Ale Lager, Harp Lager and Guinness Stout from Ireland. We should point out that these were not served warm or even room temperature, as they are in the old country. They were ice cold, foe only way you can serve them in Florida. For the teetotalers, underage, or designated drivers, there were raspberry iced teas, assorted sodas, Schweppes tonic water as well as British Twinings hot tea and New Orleans French Market coffee.
fiflerttage and Hlesttny
Rozane Gonseth and Mark Cotterill chair the meeting
Most attendees spent foe first couple of hours just socializing, meetings old friends and new ones and enjoying an afternoon in foe lovely Florida sunshine. But foe volunteers were hard at work preparing a traditional (well almost!) British dinner. The first course was homemade New England Clam Chowder (so there was an English connection there!), which everyone agreed was just great This was shortly followed by foe main course of fish and chips, with Old Savannah Spice Company Tartar Sauce, Del Monte Catsup and Nathan’s Coney Island Style Mustard. I wanted to serve them up in copies of the Palm Beach Post, but foe majority of our American guests just did not understand, so we stuck with plates.
After everyone had finished dinner we started foe main part of foe Red, White and Blue Celebration, the meeting. We had a great line-up of both British and American speakers, including one, Paul Thompson who had flown all foe way from England to be at the event The meeting was chaired by Roxane Gonseth, a Nationalist activist of many years from Fort McCoy in northern Florida. Roxane first introduced AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill who said a few words about the organization and foe day’s events. Next on was Sam “White” Knight, from New Jersey, who gave a short but interesting talk on why Americans should support foe BNP.
After Sam finished, Roxane introduced George Bushure from Jackonsville in northern Florida, who gave a report on foe previous day’s pro-Confederate Flag protest rally in Lake City, also in North-
webmaster Don Black
-4-
March/April 2001
Heritage and fijestiny
era Florida. A number of AF-BNP supporters attended the protest, along with members of the National Alliance, the Council of Conser-vaiive Citizens (CofCC), National Organization for European-American Rights (NO-FEAR), Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV) and National Association few the Advancement ofWhite People (NAAWP).
They were protesting the NAACP, which in turn was protesting the local town council for supporting the Confederate flag and Confederate reenactors who every year descend on the area to reenact Civil War battles. George explained that their protest won a lot of support from local White people and that the NAACP protest was a complete flop, with only a handful of supporters showing up. He thanked all those AF-BNP supporters who traveled to Lake City to support die protest and pledged that the Confederate flag would not come down in this part of Florida as it has elsewhere.
We were honored to have our first of two members of the clergy address the meeting next The Monsignor Daniel, from West Palm Beach, in South Florida, spoke about how Christianity and Racial Nationalism should not be opposed to each other, but should work hand-in-hand together to fight the dark forces of Zionism, Liberalism and Communism, which in turn all promote Multiracialism and racemixing. He has been a Nationalist activist in South Florida for some
A small section of the fifty plus audience
'ears now and we are pleased that we can now count him as a supporter of the AF-BNP.
Next on was Don Black, webmaster of the world’s largest National-st website - Stormfront.org. Don has spoken at AF-BNP meetings in be Washington, D.C. area, twice before, and it is always a pleasure nd an honor to have him address our organization. Although Don as lived in Florida for some years now, he rarely gets the chance to peak at Nationalist meetings in the State, so this was a great oppor-inity for all those present to hear him. Referring to one of the previ-us speaker's comments on the Lake City protest, he first spoke of te stupidity of Whites fighting Whites in the American Civil War and 11 other brothers' wars. He then went on to explain how Stormfront.org ad started and what it had achieved in its short existence. Don pointed ut that the Internet is a very important tool for our Movement and ocouraged everyone present, not yet online, to get on as quickly as ossible.
The next speaker was Paul Thompson, the BNP organizer of tarlington (North-East England) chapter of the party, who had flown II the way over from the United Kingdom to attend the meeting. Paul
George Bushure (NAAWP) Speaking on Lake City flag protest
gave a short talk on the British National Party and explained some of the tactics used in England to get the Nationalist message over to a greater number of the public. He explained to the audience that the BNP was in the forefront of the battle against the New World Order. In Europe, that means opposing the European Union, which is trying to destroy all the old nations of Europe and merge them into one super multiracial, multicultural Euro-State.
After Paul was another Englishman, Carl Clifford, originally from London, but now living in Washington, D.C. Carl read out a letter from BNP Chairman Nick Griffin, which reads as follows:
“Racial comrades! Greetings from the Old Country on the occasion of your first Red- White-and-Blue celebration in Florida. The leadership and members of the British National Party greatly value the support - both practical and moral — of the American Friends of the BNP. For too long in the past, racial nationalists have allowed lines in the sand and pieces ofcolored cloth to divide us, when infact our struggle for white survival and for the betterment of our race is a global one. The fact that white patriots are now learning to cooperate ana help one another over thousands of miles suggests that this is changing, and bodes well for the future. All over Europe, there are very clear signs that the death grip of the liberals and multiracists is weakening-more and more European nations are beginning to awake.
A quite dramatic increase in public interest in the BNP, and in the
March/April 2001
.twmtset unu tfuumy oj our new recruits, shows that the same process is at work in Britain. We still have a lot of building to do, but the foundations are in place and we have the experience and plans required to progress much further in the future. White nationalist victory in any country in Europe will, of course, be of great benefit to our race as a whole, but success in Britain will outstrip all the others in importance, because once we win in Britain, it will only be a matter of time before we export our peaceful, saving revolution to the USA - or at least the white majority parts of it. While the primary focus of the BNP is, of course, our work in Britain, victory in that work will only be a first step for us, which will put us in the position to take the next one, a step that, in geo-political terms, is far more important - helping to free white America. A very big goal indeed. A very long march away. But events such as your first Florida Red, White and Blue Celebration each represent another step on the way. Good luck. Have a good time, and don t put any proper beer in the duller!
Paul Thompson, Darlington BNP organizer
BNP
feM whjjeU
The cake provided by Rev. John Aider
Paul Thompson receiving Florida State Flag from Rev. John Alder
Nick Griffin, National Chairman, BNP. ”
Nick Griffin's letter got a great round of applause and everyone attending appreciated his remarks. Carl pointed out a number of dif-
ferences between how Nationalists campaign in Britain to how it is done in America. Both groups can learn from each other and hopefully not make the same mistakes, he said.
Next on was Anthony from Deland in Central Florida, a new young recruit to the Nationalist movement. He gave a talk on how youngsters were being brainwashed by the multiracial propaganda put out by both the media and the schools. Anthony was one of the lucky ones who saw through it, but too many other White students do not and are being lost to our cause. The liberals call it love, we call it genocide and we are the victims of it Roxane then introduced AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill, from Falls Church, Virginia, for the second time. Mark spoke on the history of the British National Party and why and how the organization was formed. He then explained why the AF-BNP was formed to help the BNP back in the old country. Mark commented on how sad it was that other so-called Nationalists have nothing better to do than to criticize us for actually having meetings and events. He was referring to e-mails received by the event host Rev. John Alder from some loser on the West Coast. This is the same loser who publishes obscene lit-
erature which does our cause no good at all. He and his type go overboard attacking the Jews and the nonwhites, but do not realize there are just as many so-called Whites guilty of the same genocide. Yet these losers do nothing constructive themselves. Mark ended on a more positive note. He said both the BNP and AF-BNP were making great progress and this event, our third Red, White and Blue celebration (and our first in Florida) was proof of this if any was needed.
The final speaker of the afternoon, was our second member of the clergy and the event’s host, the Rev. John Alder of the European-American Episcopal Church, from Port St Lucie. Rev. Alder spoke on America’s great British heritage, explaining that all the Founding Fathers were British-Americans, as were most of the leaders of the Confederate government and army. He spoke about how “British America” has changed for the worse since the massive Third World invasion started in 1965. Pointing out that the U.K. has changed, too, since the millions of Third Worlders have taken over most of Britain’s cities and towns. Rev. Alder said, “Britain is no longer the country of Shakespeare but the country of spear throwers.” All is not lost though, he continued. The BNP is fighting back for the British peoples; they are going to take their country back soon, and we in America must do the same. He ended by calling on Paul Thompson to come to the top table where he presented him with a Florida State flag to take back to England, along with the good wishes of all Florida AF-BNP supporters.
Meeting chairman Roxane then passed the meeting back over to
ffieritage and Hestiny
-6-
March/April 2001