EXHIBIT 6
BNP Chairman Visits America
Nick Griffin, the new Chairman of the British National Party, paid a flying visit to America during April’s Easter Holiday. This was his second visit to America,! the first being seventeen years ago I when he was a member of the National Front. Nick stayed, with American Friends of the BNP Chairman, Mark Cotterill, and his family in Falls Church in Northern Virginia. The three main objectives lor the short visit were: 1) to address the American Friends of the BNP St. George’s Day Meeting, 2) to meet with the key activists in the organization, and, 3) to meet some of the main American Nationalist leaders. All three goals were accomplished^
The St. George’s Day Meeting went off very well (see full report on page five) with almost seventy members and supporters attending.
Nick spent considerable time in organizational meetings with key activists from the AF-BNP.
Among the topics discussed were fund raising, Canada, recruitment, propaganda, and the BNP’s relationship with American Nationalist groups. He also got to meet a number of the leading American Nationalist leaders and writers in-(
eluding White Civil Rights leader David DukeTnationally] syndicated columnist Dr. Samuel Francis, Barnes Review Editor John Tiffany, American Renaissance Assistant Editor Jim Lubinskas, Southern Legal Resource Center Attorney Kirk Lyons, and some leading members of Pat Buchanan’s
campaign organization.
Although every major British news outlet in the Washington, D.C., area was contacted about Nick Griffin’s visit and
invited to the St. George’s Day Meeting, not one of them attended and no reports appeared in any British newspapers. It seems that the liberals and left wingers who dominate the British news media do not want anyone to know that the BNP is now a serious political party and a growing force in British politics. As they find it difficult to write anything negative about the party and Nick Griffin, they have now gone back to the silent I., “if you can’t write anything bad about them, don’t write anything at all.” The media blackout of Griffin’s visit to America is evidence that this is happening.
There was very little time for sightseeing, but Nick did get to see some of the more interesting parts of downtown Washington, D.C., and some of the Hispanic occupied areas of Northern Virginia! It was great to have the new Chairman of the BNP over in America. We all got a tremendous amount out of it and we hope that we don’t have to wait another seventeen years before he returns! Finally, a big “thank you” to our supporters who dug deep into their pockets and made it possible for Nick to come over. We appreciate your support and won’t forget it.	Q
Heritage and 0estlny
Summer 2000
Hflerttage and Qestlny: The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP
“We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back.”
Editor: Mark Cotterill ❖ Assistant Editor: Roy Craig
Post Office Box 1746 ❖ Falls Church, Virginia 22041-1746 ❖ Phone: (703) 820-3844 ❖ Fax: (703) 820-3309 Web site address: http://www.americabnp.net ❖ Electronic Mail: markl690@hotmail.com
Opinions expressed in articles are the authors' own, and should not be taken to represent the editorial viewpoint of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.
Mission Statement of the American Friends of the BNP
The .American Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British* descent or who are descended from European peoples and who share our goals as listed below. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
The aims of the American Friends of the BNP are:
1)	To preserve and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British or other European descent;
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country back;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to the cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
* In general we define '‘British” as including the English, Irish, Scotch-Irish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also include a number of lesser well-known peoples such the Cornish, the Manx (the people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Alderney, Jersey, Guernsey, or Sark).
Guest Editorial
EDITOR'S NOTE:	Welcome	to Issue 4 of Heritage and
Destiny, the Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP. Please keep sending in your letters, articles, photographs, and, most importantly, donations, however large or small -every dollar counts. The following is a submission which we received from one of our members. We feel that it contains an important message that all should heed.
Prediction is always a risky business. For every prognosticator from the past who is today hailed as an inspired prophet, there are thousands of self-proclaimed seers that time has revealed to have been completely mistaken in their predictions — often absurdly so. Yet far more dangerous than the possibility of mistaken prophecy is the failure to attempt Jo extrapolate from existing, well-established trends into the future. As the saying goes, a people that fails to plan for its future is likely not to have one.
We note that the number of White births in the U.S. is now well below the replacement level, that is, many more White Americans die each year than there are White babies bora. The Black, Asian and Hispanic birthrates, however, are all far above replacement level, that is, their populations are rising dramatically each year (especially the Hispanic population). Additionally, there are enormous numbers of nonwhite unmigrants entering the U.S. - perhaps two million a year -many of them illegally.
Thus, any reasonable and knowledgeable person may extrapolate as follows:
2000 - As of this year, White Americans have fallen to minority status in three states: California (the most populous state) and New Mexico most recently, and Hawaii years ago.
2001 - The last year it will be possible for a Republican to be elected President if current demographic and voting
trends remain relatively constant. About 60 percent of Whites vote Republican, and about 40 percent vote Democratic. Over 90 percent of nonwhites vote Democratic. After 2008, there will be too few Whites and too many nonwhites for a Republican to be elected to the Oval Office, or for there to be Republican majority in Congress.
2020 - Outbreak of widespread, full-scale interracial warfare throughout the U.S., as predicted by military analyst Thomas W. Chittum. (See the review of his book Civil War II: The Coming Breakup of America on pages 10-12).
2025 - Approximate date that White Americans will fall to minority status throughout the U.S. if current demographic trends (including immigration) remain relatively constant, and if we use the common racial nationalist definition of “White,” which is any person of non-Jewish European descent who has no substantial non white ancestry.
2032 - Approximate date that White Americans will fall to minority status throughout the U.S. if current demographic trends (again, including immigration) remain relatively constant and if one uses the U.S. Census Bureau’s definition of “White" which includes not just those of European descent, but also Turks, Jews, Arabs, North Africans, Iranians, East Indians, and many Hispanics.
2050 - Approximate date that White people would fall to minority status in the U.S. if immigration were ended today, i.e., because of differences in birth and death rates alone, and if we again use the Census Bureau’s definition of “White."
2200 - Approximate date of the final extinction of the White race in the U.S. No more White babies will be born in the U.S. after this date.
The time for fence-sitting is now over. The time for running away is past. The time for sticking one’s head in the sand like, an ostrich (or a Republican) is gone. Now is the time for action, for commitment and for sacrifice. Now, while some little time still remains, is the time to fight back.	O
Martin Kerr, Falls Church, Virginia
lerttage andflfesttny
Summer 2000
Recent Events and Activities
Tlhe	American
I Friends of the BNP I has organized or been involved in a number of activities since the last newsletter, including the following:
Our meeting on Thursday, March 30 in Arlington, Northern Virginia was a great success.
We had a record turnout, with members and supporters attending from as far away as California,
Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Oregon and even Canada. The only problem was that we had booked a meeting room for 100 people, but over 120 supporters showed up! A nice problem to have!
The meeting, which was again chaired by
long-standing local Nationalist Martin Kerr, started with the playing of the American and then the British national anthems.
There were three main speakers. The first was Paul Fromm, an immigration restriction and free speech activist from “The Socialist Republic of Canada,” who spoke about the racial problems north of the border and Nationalists’ lack of freedom there. He draped Canada’s old flag - which
Paul Fromm speaking at the AF-BNP meeting in Arlington, Virginia
Don Black speaking at the AF-BNP meeting in Arlington, Virginia
included the Union Jack — over the podium, and explained that, because of its British symbolism the liberals replaced it in the mid-1960s with the Maple Leaf, not coincidentally, just before they also opened up Canada’s borders to the Third World. Visit his website at: www.canadianfreespeech.com.
The second speaker was Don Black, webmaster of www.stormfront.org, of Florida. Don is a regular speaker now at AF-BNP meetings and is always welcome. He spoke about
the Internet and how the enemies of free speech are trying to deny Nationalists the right to use it as others do. He told the packed room that Nationalists should make the most of the Internet to further our cause while we are still able to.
The third and last of the main speakers was White Civil Rights leader David Duke, President of the National Organization For European American Rights (NO-FEAR), of Louisiana. David is always a big attraction for our meetings and draws a large crowd. It was great to have him address our biggest-ever meeting. He spoke about the threats to White survival, both in America and worldwide, and what we as Racial Nationalists can do to stop them. He called on everybody in the room, young and old alike, to get involved in the struggle to win back our nations from those who wish to destroy us. Check out the NO-FEAR/David Duke website at: www.nofear.net.
Heritage and BJestiny
-3-
Summer 2000
Bruno Gollnisch, left, and Mark Cotterill at the Red, White and Blue Celebration in Ashburn, Virginia
There then followed a few brief speakers including American Friends of the BNP Chairman, Mark Cotterill, who detailed the BNP's election plans back in England. He said the BNP was on the threshold of an election breakthrough, but it would take a lot of money to actually make it happen. He then held a collection "Dutch-Auction" style; which brought in over $1,300 for the cause (another new record).
Next on was James Lubinskas, Assistant Editor of American Renaissance (check out their website at: www.amren.com), who spoke about their then upcoming conference, and finally Peter Gemma, a spokesman from the Virginia Reform Party (check out their website at: www.refoiinparty.org), who spoke about the importance of s'.i'iimc Pat Buchanan on the ballot in all 30 states.
tion and set up our literature table ready for the next day. On Saturday, April 1, the conference proper started, with Prof. Richard Lynn, formally of the Ulster Institute for Social Research in Northern Ireland. He discussed the history and impact of mass Third World immigration into Britain. Prof. Lynn now lives in Herefordshire in England (the county where the BNP elected a Councilor in April). Other speakers during the morning session included Dr. Samuel Francis, a regular face at our meetings, who spoke on “Race and the American Right,” and Prof. Philippe Rushton, another Englishmen, now living in Canada, who spoke about his recent trip to South Africa where he tested the IQs of Black university students.
After the lunch break we heard speeches from the conference organizer, Jared Taylor, who discussed the prospects for White people in the 21st Century, and Bruno Gollnisch, the second in command of France’s Front Nationale (FN), who explained the nature and objectives of what was until recently Europe’s most successful Nationalist Party. Later that evening, the after-dinner speaker was yet another Englishman, Prof. Frank Ellis of Leeds University, who defied warnings from the Liberal Jewish hate magazine Searchlight, the left wing Guardian newspaper, and many at his own University not to attend the conference. He gave a very powerful speech on the failed multicultural experiment in Britain.
The conference resumed on Sunday morning with a speech by Dr. Robert Weissberg on the relationship between Blacks and Jews (Dr. Weissberg himself is Jewish). He was followed by Roger McGrath of California, who spoke about the rtconquista or “reconquering" of California by Mexicans. The final speaker was Sam Dickson of Georgia. Sam is a British-American and a long-time supporter of the BNP. He discussed the demonization of Whites who want to preserve their race and civilization.
During the weekend we sold a very large amount of BNP publications and copies of Heritage and Destiny from our
The meeting ended with everybody in high spirits, looking forward to some victories for our movement, which have been few and far between in recent times. We also signed up another dozen members that evening, so all in all it was a very successful meeting. However next time we need to get a bigger room!
& The following weekend saw the start of the fourth American Renaissance conference, organized by Jared Taylor, Editor of the monthly newsletter of the same name. On Friday evening we attended the formal recep-
Kirk Lyons speaking at the AF-BNP St. George’s Day Meeting in Arlington, Virginia
Skrltage and Hestlnv
Summer 2000
to
Mark Cotterill, left, and Nick Griffin literature table. We also signed up half a dozen new members from the conference attendees. There was a good turnout of AF-BNP members, a number of whom helped man the literature table. Special thanks here to Reg.
H After the conference finished we held our first “Red, White and Blue Celebration” in nearby Ash-bum, Virginia, in Loudoun County at the home of one of our members. This was very successful, with a large number of our supporters stopping by. We were honored to have Gollnisch of Nationaie one -aursts^^iiother
Sum-
’Gr Our St. George’s Day Meeting on Saturday, April 22, went off very well indeed.
Around seventy members and supporters attended, which was very good for an Easter weekend. Also, the Na-
tional Alliance held a meeting on the same day at the same time, so we lost a number of people to that event. However, all in all, we were very pleased with the afternoon’s events.
Our first speaker was Howard Fezell of West Virginia. Howard hosts a pro-gun website, www.2ndAmendant.net, and he spoke about the upcoming Million Mom March in Washington, D.C., and the counter-demonstration by the Second Amendment Sisters, Inc. that he was helping to organize. He called on as many people as possible to support the pro-gun counter-demonstration.
The second speaker was Kirk Lyons of the Southern Legal Resource Center in North Carolina. Kirk is a great unreconstructed Southerner, and he gave a fine speech on the growing Southern Nationalist movement. He explained how we as racial Nationalists should be making alliances whenever and wherever we can to further the aims of our cause. Check out his website at: www.cheta.net/slrc.
Our third speaker was Roy Armstrong, a German-American member of the National Democratic Party of
), who now lives in Louisiana. Roy spoke of facing Nationalists in today’s multicultural e of the lack of freedom. However, there are now that a more united and younger Nationalist movement is growing in Germany, and that electoral success as has occurred in nearby Austria will be happening before long in Germany as well. You can check out the NPD website at: www.npd.net/npd-pv.
The fourth and main speaker of the afternoon was Nick Griffin, the new chairman of the British National Party, who made a most powerful speech calling on all American Nationalists of British descent to rally round the American Friends of the BNP and give them whatever support they can. He pointed out that many times before in past history the White race had been in peril, but time and time again it has survived. Griffin said we have not lost yet; the battle can still be won and we will do everything we possibly can to win.
American Friends Of The British National Party
David Duke speaking from the top table at the AF-BNP St. George’s Day Meeting
heritage and gjestlny
Summer 2000
rr
The internationalists are pushing their globalist, multiracist agenda on a worldwide basis, so a victory for nationalism in just one country - although inevitable - will not be enough. We have to win not just in two or three European countries like Austria and Italy, but also in Britain and the USA." To be honest. Nick Griffin’s speech was one of the best I have ever heard since joining the movement back in 1977. Check out the BNP’s great websites at: www.bnp.net and www.bnp.to.
After Griffin’s speech, American Friends of the BNP Chairman, Mark Cotterill, said a few words and then held a collection “Dutch Auction” style, which brought in almost 5900, despite the fact that nearly everyone present had also pajiWIO to attend the meeting. Then followed a question and ^^trnswer session and the famous raffle!
The final speaker of the afternoon was David Duke, who llljl^ad driven all the way up from New Orleans, Louisiana (a round trip of some three thousand miles), with Roy Armstrong y_ | which took them a day and a half! - all so they could meet in person the new Chairman of the BNP, Nick Griffin. They H stayed in the area for just half a day and then they were back on the road for another day and a half of driving back home to Ixmisiana.
Where were the other American Nationalist leaders? It was disgraceful that apart from David Duke and Sam Francis, jp* none of the other so-called “leaders” of the American Right showed up to meet Nick Griffin. This, I think goes to show once again that most American Nationalist “leaders” either don’t know or don’t care about what’s going on in other parts of the White World. Until they understand that this is a Worldwide battle in which America plays a big part, we are not going to make any progress this side of the pond. Thank you David and Sam for showing that at least some American Nationalist leaders care what’s going on outside the 50 states.
Duke spoke of his recent trip to Europe where he met wiih Nationalist leaders in both France and Italy. He also "spoke of the recent hate crime murder in Alexandria, Virginia, where an eight year old young White boy, Kevin Shifflett, was knifed to death by a crazed Negro. Duke pointed out that the media are of course not calling this a hate crime since flu* victim was White. He ended by giving praise to Nick Griiiin and the work that the BNP is doing back in the “old countr.
The meeting was again chaired by long-standing lucn: Nationalist Martin Kerr who did a fine job. Thanks should :.iim> go out to Reg, Curtis, Fisheye, Carl, and Michelle who uii helped out with making the meeting a great success.
After the meeting a very enjoyable social was held in the downstairs restaurant. About half of those attending the meeting stayed on for it, which was great. It gave everyone the chance to get to know each other better and to meet and talk with the guest speakers. All in all, a very successful day and a very enjoyable and successful trip over the pond for BNP Chairman Nick Griffin (as mentioned earlier, this was his first visit to the States for seventeen years)! Many thanks again to everyone who showed up - and to those who did not, it was your loss, you missed one hell of a meeting and a great speech by Nick Griffin.
6 Earlier that same day (April 22), Duke, Griffin, Ron Doggett and Roy Armstrong had visited the scene of the above-mentioned probable hate crime in nearby Alexandria. There they talked to a number local people, including policemen, and Duke and Griffin gave short speeches outside
AF-BNP activists at pro-gun rally in Washington, DC
the city hall, which drew attention to the characteristic media blackout of this and other hate crimes against White people. (We have a video of this available for anybody interested.)
is On Mothers’ Day, Sunday, May 14, a number of members of the American Friends of the BNP supported the pro-gun rally organized by the Second Amendment Sisters, Inc. in downtown Washington, D.C. This rally was in oppositon to the so-called “Million Mom March” which was taking place at the same time a couple miles away. We distributed a special flyer made up for the occasion titled /''’“Don’t Let Clinton do to you what Blair did to us.” The flyer f explained how both gun ownership and free speech are now S—banned in “Blair’s Britain" and warned that Clinton is planning to do the same here in America. The flyer brought in a good response from those attending the pro-gun rally who were also attracted to the St. George flag that was flown by our group. After the rally we marched from the mall with over a thousand American patriots to the Capital building to show our support for Second Amendment rights.
■fr Less than a week later, on Saturday, May 20, we were in Richmond, the old capitol of the Confederacy, for the Virginia Reform Party state convention. We were there to support and elect delegates to the Reform Party's national convention which will be held this August in California. A strong slate of pro-Pat Buchanan delegates was elected, which is what we were aiming for. The main guest speaker of the afternoon wa§£Ss one of our supporters. Dr. Samuel Francis, who spoke abotft the great threat of Third World immigration into America and how Pat Buchanan and the Reform Party are the only ones making this a major election issue.	Q
All photos in this newsletter, were supplied by Fisheye Political Photo Service. For copies contact them at:
(703) 280-1138, or by e-mail at: fisheye069@aol.com.
$
'N
A
SDbritage andBestiny
-6-
Summer 2000
Best Election Results Since 1977!
On May 4, 2000, the BNP received its best ever election results, and the best results received by Nationalists in Britain since 1977. There were some great results in London, with Mike Newland, the BNP’s candidate for Mayor, polling almost 80,000 votes. Mr. Newland took 33,569 first preference votes and a further 45,337 second preference votes from other electors. This means that, despite all the media demonization in the past and a Londonwide media blackout during die campaign, the BNP polled 10% of the vote obtained by “Red Ken” Livingstone, who won the election. That’s an awful lot of Londoners that Livingtone declared war on as “racists” in his first post-election speech!
On the Party list election for the London Assembly, the BNP polled almost 47,000 votes. This was 2.87% of the vote, which means that they quite comfortably topped the 2.5% needed to retain their $8,000 deposit. In last June’s European elections just under 18,000 Londoners voted BNP. This time, just eleven months later, 78,906 backed the party - an amazing fourfold increase in the vote! The BNP vote was even more significant in its heartland areas in East London, where its vote topped 7.1%. When you take into account that about one third of the population is nonwhite, it emerges that around 12% of White East-Enders voted BNP.
These votes may not seem high by American standards, but it must be remembered that almost twenty parties ran candidates in the Assembly elections and the BNP finished fifth. Despite the fact that the BBC TV gave the phony “Kosher-Nationalist” UK Independence Party a free TV broadcast while denying one to the BNP, the BNP still beat the UKIP in every London constituency in the Mayoral race. The BNP also got more votes than the London Socialist Alliance and Socialist Labour Party combined! In many areas the BNP beat the Green Party, but the Green Party got an overall better vote due to its high number of second preference votes. The Greens finished fourth, one step ahead of the BNP.
As well as the excellent results in London on May 4, the BNP also made very significant progress in council elections all over England. The best election result last year was in the Midlands, just outside of Birmingham, where Steve Edwards
4*4
/
Mike Newland, the BNP’s candidate for London Mayor
Steve Edwards, who won the BNP’s highest vote percentage
received 17.2% of the vote in Tipton Green. This year, however, the party did even better, gaining 23.6% of the vote despite a massive Labour Party/Asian vote-rigging operation. In nearby Dudley, the BNP doubled its share of the vote from 8% last year to 16%, and in Stoke-On-Trent the BNP vote went up from 5% to 9%. In Lancashire, where the BNP was standing for the first time, it took a staggering 21% in Burnley and 1 in Oldham. While in Sunderland, in the far north east Socialist stronghold) of England, the BNP polled 8%^Elke\Wt^r the BNP polled 8% in Cheshunt in Hertfordshire, antTihx^edTt'/*'A in Yorkshire just under 4%. On average the BNP vote was around 10%, an 80% rise on last year’s elections.
The media silence which surrounded the BNP campaign is testament to the chronic nervousness of the liberal “elite” these days. They are scared of the BNP’s potential, as they know that an ever-growing number of ordinary British people have had enough of their failed multiracial experiment. This shows in the results in both London and elsewhere in England, and with the huge improvement in the response rate of enquiries from all over Britain whenever large numbers of leaflets go out to the general public.
The American Friends of the-BNP send congratulations to all of the BNP candidates, including Bernard Haycock - now Councilor Haycock - who was elected unopposed in Bromyard, in Herefordshire, a rural area of Middle England near the Welsh boarder. Commenting on his election and the great results obtained by all BNP candidates, Mark Cotterill, Chairman of the American Friends of the BNP, said, “The BNP polled very, very well on May 4. It received its best ever election results, and with an improving organization under the leadership of Nick Griffin and with public opinion continuing to move in our direction, it’s going to do even better in the future. Many thanks to all our American supporters who dug deep into their pockets to help with the huge cost of die elec-tion campaign. Your support is very much appreciated. How- V ever, the battle has only just begun and we will need even more help from you in the months ahead. We know we can count on the many Americans who now support us to help us support the BNP back in the Old Country. Nick Griffin and the BNP need our help; we will not let them down.”	□

1
I
i
{[Heritage andBeattny
-7-
Summer 2000