
vuoeos esv mm' Wm-AUAN. Si U mihu or nwiiaryPwUMtvi musk. avjSffiiMBim.
S3.00 Issue 8
The Magazine of the American Friends of the BNP
May/Jime 2001
The British Character of America
The character of die United States of America — its language, literature, laws, constitution, political structure and economic system — is British to the core. The English language is the most obvious, and in many ways the most important, British feature. It is both a means—a medium of communication—and an end—the articulation of a specific Anglo-American culture. For American culture, its literature, laws, and values, is British culture adapted to the American experience and is not only inseparable, but virtually inconceivable apart from its British roots.
From the 1607 founding of Jamestown in die New World, to the 1969 landing of Apollo 11 on the Moon, from the King James Bible to Bunyan’s The Pilgrim's Progress and Milton’s Paradise Lost, from the plays of Shakespeare and poetry of Dry den, to the novels of Hawthorne, Melville and Faulkner, to the poetry of T. S. Eliot, from Blackstone’s Commentaries on the Laws of England to Jefferson’s Notes on the State of Virginia, from Amherst to William and Mary, from the speeches in the Continental Congress, to The Declaration of Independence and The Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union, from the speeches in the Constitutional Convention, to The Fed-\
eralist Papers and the Anti-Federalist|_
Papers, from the ratification debates in
the State conventions, to the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights — for Americans, until the rise of the ’bilingual’ lobby, the language of religion and education, of social and political discourse, of values and identity, was the English language.
Less self-evident is the fact that the economic system of the United Stales is, in its origin and theory, British. The beginning of
A poster advertising the song John Bull and Uncle Sam which celebrates the Resolution of the Venezuela Boundary dispute of 1898
American industrialization was in imitation of and in reaction to the Industrial Revolution in die United Kingdom. It was encouraged as a means for ensuring both die political independence and economic well-being of the United States. American capitalism is founded and justified, if not always practiced, on die British theories of capitalism, free trade, and free markets as expounded by Adam Smith in The Wealth of Nations and David Ricardo in Principles of Political Economy and Taxation. The British influence on American economics is not limited to the “Right” The official American version of “socialism” involving deficit spending and its various corollaries — programs pursued aggressively by the administrations of Franklin Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson — is based on the theories British economist John Maynard Keynes presented in The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money.
The British character of the United States, and its importance to the success of the Republic, is deeper and more profound than simply economics, as John Jay emphasized in The Federalist Papers. Jay wrote that Americans are “a people descended from the same ancestors, speaking the same language, professing the same religion, attached to the same principles of government, very similar in their maimers and customs. ” The ancestors Americans honored, and the language, religion, government, and customs that Americans treasured were British.
Non-British European immigrants to the United States adopted this language, and these folkways and mores. As Professor David
Continued on page J
)
I
It
s
BUerttage and fSestiny
May/June 2001
eritage
and
EXHIBIT 10
Bestow
Recent Events & Activities
The American Friends of the BNP has organized or been involved in a number of activities since the last issue of Heritage and Destiny. The AF-BNP was very well represented at the protest outside the German Embassy in Washington, D.C. on Monday. April 2, in which we were protesting anti-democratic policies of Gemmy's current liberal-fascist government Altogether around forty-five supporters attended the protest including twenty from the AF-BNP. Members from the National Alliance, NO-FEAR, the CofCC and three NPD members from Germany also attended. The protest which lasted for almost two hours was entirely peaceful, although very vocal at some points! Only a handful of Washington, D.C. cops were present and they were very helpful and cooperative with die protest organizers.
One supporter drove all the way down from Boston, Massachusetts, and one came from Ohio. There was a large turnout ofNationalists from
American Nationalists protesting outside the German Embassy
New Jersey and New York, as well as Pennsylvania and West Virginia. We were also pleased with our local turnout from Virginia (including two from Richmond and one young lady from Roanoke), Maryland and Washington, D.C. It was very heartening for our three German comrades to see so many American Nationalists (including two government workers and six women, who were not scared off from demonstrating) taking a day off work to stand with them in their hour of need.
We were protesting the lack of free speech in Germany in general and the German Government’s proposed ban of the National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) in particular. The NPD is the German equivalent of the BNP. Many of the protesters carried placards and posters supporting the NPD as well as the old German, Celtic Cross, Confederate and NPD flags. The AF-BNP group carried English, Scottish and Irish flags as well as our banner.
Although over fifty local and national media outlets were invited to attend, not one of them did. If one believed in conspiracy theories, one would wonder if something was not quite kosher here! The following is the text of our press release, which was of course ignored completely by the Washington, D.C. media:
Mark Cotterill (left) and Tom Avis hold AF-BNP banner
♦ "Freedom of speech is under threat in ‘democratic|' 'free market'Ger many. The new fascists' are not Nazi brownshirts. Nor are they communis border guards using a Berlin Wall to imprison people. The new fascists cal themselves democrats. They say they are for free speech. Their politico gods are multiculturalism and globalism; their policies demand open bor ders for 'refugees' and free trade regardless ofjob losses. Sound familiarI But if Germans disagree with the moral right of these gods, if German: criticize the new gods and government policies, and build the NPD, thi 'answer' is political repression.
The German government of Chancellor Schroeder is considering asking the German Constitutional Court to ban the National Democratic Party (NPD). After assisting NATO to bomb Serbia and the United States oj America to impose the Israeli terror on the Palestinian and Arab peoples, the new Germany seems ready to impose thought-control over its own people. The German government has falsely accused the NPD of 'links' to attacks on non-White foreigners, of having a link to 'neo-nazis' and being unconstitutional in its program for government in Germany.
Over 58% of Germans in a proper national poll opposed the ban. A large number did not understand the issues. Only a small minority said 'yes. Germans have known the NPD for thirty-six years. While the majority of Germans don’t agree with it, they have seen it participate in the electoral process and respect freedom ofspeech. Many Germans remember both Nazis and Communists and believe freedom to organize must be respected.
The German Office For The Protection Of The Constitution (which employs the best of police and academic analysts) has rejected absolutely in its annual reports any similarity between the new German Nationalism of
Protesters demand ’free German political prisoners’
SSeriUigfc and Seattny
4
May/Junc 2001
the NPD and the ideas of the small neo-nazi sects and gangs. This fact cannot be denied. The Office has noted that all tests for legality for a party (democratic internal elections, participation in Federal and State elections and the holding of an AGM) have been met for thirty-six years.
A large number of German academics and other prominent persons have signed e national statement against the Court action and any idea of a ban. This initiative is being organized by Horst Mahler (see www.npd-2000.de or www.horst-mahler.de). Mahler, who will argue the NPD case in the Constitutional Court, is an eminent lawyer experienced in political cases.
Any citizen can do a lot to protest at the new democratic fascism in Germany. You can write directly to the German President and tell him you disagree. Mr. Johannes Rau, President Of The Federal Republic Of Germany. Schloss Bellevuel0557, Berlin, Germany. You can also protest to the Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany, 4645 Reservoir Road, Washington, D.C 20007. The German Ambassador must convey your views. Be correct but forceful.
Demonstrations have been held all over Europe against the ban threat Parties like the NPD exist all over Europe and, in alliance with fiee-speech advocates, they have set out to embarrass the new 'democratic ’ dictators.
The NPD has two main Internet sites (www.npd.de and www.npd-2000.de). The Party has about 10,000 members, a monthly paper and branches all over Germany. It polls about two-percent (hardly an immediate threat to the state!), but in league with other responsible German
Ron Doggett, Virginia chairman of NO-FEAR
patriotic parties can enter the State parliaments. There are NPD councillors. The Party wants a Europe of independent nations free ofthe New World Order globalism. The NPD uses persuasion, not violence. It is usually NPD meetings which are the subject of threat and attack. Issued in defence of freedom of expression by: The American Friends of the BNP."
6 After the protest ended everyone made the short journey to Arlington, Virginia, where the AF-BNP had booked a private room in a local restaurant for lunch and a meeting. We were joined by another dozen or so supporters who could not make the protest but had booked the afternoon off work so they could attend the meeting. This brought our numbers up to close to sixty. We had only expected forty maximum, so as you can guess the room was overflowing with standing room only at the back. One member commented that we had gotten more for a Monday lunch-time meeting than most other racialist groups would get for a weekend meeting.
At the meeting there were speakers from the National Alliance (Craig Jackson), AF-BNP (Rev. Carl Clifford), NO-FEAR (Ron Doggett) and NPD (Jurgen Distler). The meeting was chaired by AF-BNP chairman Mark GottenII. Jurgen Distler, who is editor of the NPD’s newspaper Deutsche Sllmme, made a terrific final speech in
NPD members Henrik and Jurgen Distler (right)
German, which was ably translated by fellow German Henrik. If you were not there you do not know what you missed—it was great The whole audience stood to applaud at the finish.
Mark Cotterill then held the collection. Dutch-auction style which brought in over $700. He ended by thanking everyone present for making the day’s events such a success, especially those who had taken time off work and traveled long distances to attend. He finished by saying, “Although we are all Nationalists, here today we are only one Nationality, White. It is not an American fight, or a British fight or a German fight, it is a White fight and we have got to win ft.”
♦	The national chairman of the British National Party, Mr. Nick Griffin, and his wife Jackie paid a week long visit to America in early May. Mr. and Mrs. Griffin stayed with American Friends of the BNP chairman, Mark Cotterill, and his family in Falls Church in Northern Virginia. Mr. Griffins trip included speaking at three meetings organized by the AF-BNP. Two days before the Griffins set off for America, the British Labour Party Prime Minister Tony Blair called a General Election for June 7. This meant that any spare time Mr. Griffin had put aside for sightseeing and such like was canceled and instead he spent most of the time working on the BNP’s Election manifesto.
♦	The first meeting that Mr. Griffin addressed was on Thursday, May 10, in Richmond, VA, the old Capital of the Confederacy. Prior to the meeting both Nick and Jackie Griffin were given a quick tour of the main Confederate landmarks in the city including the now famous
AF-BNP webmaster Rev. Cart Clifford
Bfleritage and Sflestiny
-5-
May/June 2001
BBeritage and Btestiny
May/June 2001
Monument Avenue. The meeting which was jointly sponsored by the Virginia chapter of the National Organization For European-American Rights (NO-FEAR), was very well attended, attracting about seventy local members and supporters.
The meeting was chaired by Virginia NO-FEAR chairman Ron Doggett, from Richmond, VA who first gave a report on the cancellation of European-American history month by Virginia’s Republican Governor James Gilmore. Gilmore had first promised that White Virginians would get their own history month as Blacks do, but then after coming under pressure from the usual suspects he backed down as those representing the Stupid Party almost always do. The next speaker was AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill, who gave a brief report on the groups activities.
Then came the first of die evenings main speakers, Mr. Richard Kelly Hoskins, a Christian Identity minister from Lynchburg, VA. Mr. Hoskins is the editor of the monthly Hoskins Report newsletter and the author of many books on Race, Religion and Politics. He spoke about the downfall of the mainstream churches in America and what needs to be done to build back up a healthy White American community again. The second of the main speakers was Mr. Nick Griffin, the national chairman of the BNP. Mr. Griffin spoke mainly on the upcoming General Election, in Britain in general and in his own
Richard Kelly Hosldni (center) spealdng in Richmond
constituency of Oldham in particular and the BNP’s plans for fighting it He explained that the city of Oldham had seen some of the worst racial attacks against White people and that racial violence was on the increase all over the country. Before Mr. Griffin took questions from the audience, AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill held a collection “Dutch Auction” style, which brought in over $700.
The meeting was filmed by two Richmond TV stations and was attended by a reporter from the London Guardian (a left wing British newspaper), who interviewed Mr. Griffin, Mark Cotterill and a number of American BNP supporters. The evening ended with a very enjoyable social in a local watering hole, at which Mr. and Mrs. Griffin got to meet some real Southerners!
♦ The second meeting was on Saturday May 12, in Arlington, VA, just outside of Washington, D.C. There was an excellent attendance of about eighty members and supporters. The meeting chairman was long-standing local Nationalist Martin Kerr, who first called on everyone to stand for a minutes silence for Byron del la Beckwith, who recently passed away. AF-BNP chairman then asked everyone to remain standing and to sing first the American national anthem The Star Spangled Banner and then the unofficial English national anthem
BNP Chairman Nick Griffin speaking in Richmond
Jerusalem. This time everyone sung along without any backgroun music and it went a whole lot better!
The first of the afternoons main speakers was Mr. Jeff Andersoi chairman of Americans for Self-Determination, a racial separatist oi ganization, from Arlington, VA. Mr. Anderson spoke on the greate: hate crime the US government ever perpetrated, the German Hole caust, a sinister, willful policy of genocide against the German peopl after World War II. The second speaker was Mr. Carl Knittle, Execu five Director of The Western League, from Louden County, VA. Mi Knittle is fire local organizer of the Red, White and Blue events and h< gave a short history of how these came about, as well an amusing tali of the Rev. Jessie Jacksons lost children! The third speaker was Mi Lee Church, representing NO-FEAR, from Richmond, VA Mr. Cburcl gave an up to date report on Governor James Gilmores cancellarior of Virginia’s European-American history month and how NO-FEAF were fighting back against the sell-out policies of the GOP.
The last of the main speakers before the break was Mr. Will Shirkey Deputy chairman of the Stonewall Jackson Chapter of The League ol The South, from Harrisonburg, VA. Mr. Shirkey gave a very emotional address in which he explained why the White birthrate worldwide was declining at an alarming rate and what we need to do to put matters right He played a song called Green Fields of France about the pointless mass slaughter of young British soldiers in France, during World War I. This got the point over very well, in away that speeches sometimes cannot Next on was AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill, who after giving a brief report on the groups past activities
Will Shirkey speaking in Arlington
I
I
I

an* planned future events held the collection Dutch Auction s which brought in over $900.
After the interval, meeting chairman Martin Kerr introduced afternoons main speaker, Mr. Nick Griffin the national chairmaj the British National Party. Mr. Griffin spoke for almost an hou] usual without notes, about the decline of Britain, once one o| greatest nations in the world. He spoke on how when the BNPg power it will not only be a British revolution, but a revolution for export to all other White nations, including America. He called on American Nationalists to get their act together, to follow the example of the successful Nationalist Parties in Europe and to start to fight back to take their country back, before it is too late. Mr. Griffin received a standing ovation.
Following a very lively question and answer session, meeting chairman Martin Kerr gave the floor to Erica Hardwick, a National Alliance member, from Roanoke, VA., who gave a very well presented update on Henrik Mobus, a young German Nationalist, who is being held in solitary confinement in Buffalo, New York, awaiting deportation back to Germany for political offenses. She pointed out that these offenses would not be illegal in America and so the US Government has no legal right to imprison him here. Erica asked those who could to support die Free Henrik Mobus Campaign.
The meeting ended on a high note, with AF-BNP chairman Marie
Erica Hardwick ipealdng in Arlington
Cotterill and all the afternoons speakers leading the singing of Dixie, the unofficial Southern National Anthem.
♦ The third and final meeting was held on Monday May 14, in Fort Lee, NJ, just outside of New York City. The meeting, which was jointly sponsored by the Tri-State chapter of the Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC), was again very well attended by about sixty members and supporters. This meeting was a little different from the two previous, as we had be warned before hand that Left-wing demonstrators had planned to protest outside of our venue. We had nothing to worry about, however, as the great unwashed failed to show up (again!). What a very sad lot ARA is!
The meeting was chaired by Tri-State CofCC chairman Carmine Basciano, from Mt. Vernon, NY, who first gave a report on the invasion of New York City, which like most American cities is being flooded by Third Worlden. He pointed out that the state’s (pro-IRA) Republican Governor George Pataki is actually encouraging this. The OOP really is the Stupid Party! The first main speaker was Ken Schmidt, political commentator and editor of Nationalist Dawn newsletter, from Upper Montclair, NJ. Mr. Schmidt gave a very interesting talk on what American Nationalists can learn from their European
Heritage and Bestiny	-7
Ken Schmidt speaking in Fort Lee
counterparts and what they should do thereafter to build an organized opposition to the two party dictatorship which runs America. Next on was AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill, who gave a short history of the American Friends of the BNP explained and why the organization was started.
Meeting chairman Basciano then passed the meeting over to Ken Schmidt, who introduced the final main speaker of the evening, Mr. Nick Griffin, the national chairman of the British National Party. Mr. Griffin gave a different speech at the first two meetings and again at this one. The theme of the Fort Lee meeting was much more on Europe in general, than on Britain in particular. He spoke on the main Nationalist movements in France, Belgium, Italy and Germany, and then gave the audience a short tour of what was happening in most other European nations, before returning to Britain to give a report on the BNP and its General Election campaign.
Before opening up the meeting for questions, chairman Basciano passed the floor back to AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill, who held the collection Dutch auction style, which brought in almost $500. Mr. Cotterill thanked everyone who had helped make the three meetings such a success and pledged that we would work even harder in future to both support the movement in Europe and to build it up here in the fifty States. After over thirty minutes of interesting questions, the final meeting of Nick Griffin’s 2001 East Coast tour was brought to a close. It was great to have the BNP chairman over in America again and we all got a tremendous amount out of his visit
Carmine Basciano speaking in Fort Lee
May/June 2001