The Magazine of the American Friends of the BNP
January/February 2001
Heritage and
EXHIBIT 8
fflestinv
George Bush and Conservative Correctness
White Americans should be neither relieved nor sat-vith the outcome of the 2000 elections. However, I lat we can find some positive things to remember. Be-, most Americans, Republican or Democrat, can find sitive to remember from this event. Conservatives will happy that de it to the - and even / lost the race, the nade huge Senate and of govem-all, die no-; election is the election the country a major re-r electoral : sure, there s in the ex-id far-right ilaining, but an much, as ; and Nader
y fade away	____________
•ever land,
sen or heard from again.
uonalists, for different reasons, should be very interresult of the recent presidential race. It is clear, for Whites as a whole didn’t fall for the Republican bait: Whiles voted for Bush — a pathetic showing. Many will take this as evidence that 46% of Whites are “race f-hating liberals,” or “brainwashed lemmings.” Some that Whites are becoming more “liberal” and less ra-»us. Others will simply conclude that Bush's message onate conservatism” alienated Whites, especially those rnnally have voted Republican, in both cases, the con-
President George W. Bush meeting future GOP voters while attending a celebration for his newfound hero Martin Luther King.
elusions drawn by the conservatives are negative and pessimistic. I think the time has come to find something positive.
What we should be happy for - what we should be celebrating -is that so many Whites rejected the reactionary right-wing poison of the Republican Party. Dr. Sam Francis pointed out at the 2000
American Renaissance conference, in the past, conservatives sent signals to Whites, explicit or not, effectively assuring them that they would work for their interests. For example, Richard Nixon used George Wallace’s rhetoric on forced busing during his successful presidential campaign, and California Republicans have exploited anxieties over immigration to their benefit. For various reasons, I think it is a good sign that the Republicans have given up such tactics.
All over the Western world, conservatives are try-_______________________________ ing to contain or exploit nationalist sentiments. In Britain, for example, William Hague his Conservative Party are using popular rhetoric against asylum seekers (immigrant “refugees”) to shore up support amongst the electorate, much like Margaret Thatcher did twenty years ago. In Germany, the conservatives are exploiting the anxieties over mass immigration for their own political ends. Of course, in America and Europe, the conservative stance on issues like immigration has been purely reactionary: their objections have little to do with race - for them it is a matter of “culture," “welfare abuse," and “increased taxes." Conservative leaders in Britain
Continued on page J
„,0___  vu.«	.o	v>ui	wumi),	tuiu	wc	me	going	10	taKe	it	oacK.
lark Cottcrill ❖ Assistant Editors: Roy Craig, Martin Kerr and Carl Clifford.
HI Falls Church, Virginia 22041-1746 ❖ Phone: (703) 820-3844 ❖ Fax: (703) 820-3309 ddress. http: 'www.americabnp.net ❖ Electronic Mail: BNP@crusader.net wessed in articles are the authors' own, and should not be taken to represent the
vprnnt of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.____________\_______v
Mission Statement of The American Friends of the BNP
frixitPi
can Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British* descent or who are descended from •copies and who share our goals as listed below. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
ns of the American Fnends of the BNP are:
1)	To preser'e and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British or other European descent;
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country back;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to the cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
I we define “British" as including the English. Irish. Scotch-lrish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also include a number of lesser well-known di the Cornish, the Manx (the people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Alderney, Jersey, Guernsey, or Sark).
Editorial
icome to Issue 6 of Heritage and Destiny, the magazine f the American Friends of the BNP. The article “Ireland ir the Irish?” in our Fall 2000 issue went down very well with ish-Amencan community and we gained many new friends and isult of it. As always, thank you all for your subsequent letters, clippings and photographs. Please keep sending them in as well aeipful donations - however large or small, every dollar counts! e-mail newsletter. The AF-BNP Update, continues to get a good we have close to one thousand subscribers now. If you wish to 1 our e-mailing list please let us have your e-mail address (e-mail P@crusader.net to subscribe).
M’ew York members suggested that we set-up “reading groups” here members help preserve our heritage by encouraging read-1e old Anglo-Saxon and Celtic classics. He writes.
m that here in the States many books arc thrown away that could Most of us arc fortunate enough to be able to afford these books. Bntam. many families with children are not as fortunate. My wife d be willing to run a distribution center from our home. Just let utd Destiny readers know wc will accept all books with Anglo-eh«c themes. If you could get somebody in Britain to provide us * and addresses of needy families, wc would ship these books out /e feel it would be a great help in preserving our culture. One can s how important u is for children to read, and all British children, of income, should have these types of books. I hope you find this racitmg as wc do. and decide to help.
Iff is a great idea and we hope that you do too. If any Heritage eetien have books they wish to donate, please contact us and
nmer of2000, the BNP leadership in general, and National Chair-ffin in particular, have faced a concerted campaign of smear and Mtnation If was suspected then, and is clear now, that this at-btlization campaign was intended not only to discredit the indi-
1
viduals under attack, but also to undermine faith in the constitution and the financial viability of the party as the most effective means of attacking the BNP as a whole.
The bad faith of the small clique behind all this is evidenced by them rejecting the olive branch offered by the leadership in reinstating members expelled for their role in the troublemaking. T he agitators have continued trying to stirupj dissension with a whole string of petty and dishonest circulars, and have not altered their six-month-old refusal to do a stroke of constructive work for the BNP
Furthermore, the key figures in last summer 's attacks on the BNP leadership have now done what they have spoken of privately for months: They have tried to split the BNP and form a new party. Having failed to hijack the party from within, they have now created a rival, called the Freedom Party, to try to disrupt our efforts from without. They have not split the BNP, as only a few dozen members have joined them. They will however be sending out a lot of false propaganda over the coming months to give the impression that there has been a split and the BNP is in trouble. Please ignore their lies and treat the factional circulars (and E-mails) that are almost certain to circulate on the stolen membership lists with the contempt they deserve.
In the face of recent official admissions that White people in Britain are on | course to become a minority in our own homeland within a lifetime, we regard any moves to divide our party as either unforgivable selfishness and stupidity or deliberate subversion by the opponents of White survival. Accordingly , we in the American Friends of the BNP urge all members and supporters to stand firm with us in remaining loyal to the BNP, its democratically elected chairman Nick Griffin and his leadership team.
The Freedom Party has been launched by malcontents with a track record of disrupting a whole succession of nationalist groups, and by a tiny group of ultra-conservatives who have never had the vision or courage to be active nationalists, will be short-lived, especially as it is going to adopt the system of committee rule that has repeatedly led the nationalist movement into a blind alley of factionalism and division.
We resolve to continue the work that has led to the significant progress made by both the BNP and the AF-BNP throughout the last year. There is still much to be done, but this party remains the only realistic vehicle for nationalist victory. This is why the opponents of British freedom and White survival are so hostile to the BNP and why we, like you. are determined to moke 2001 the best year yet for the British National Party.	fl|
FEAR’s local activities in the Richmond Virginia area. The third speaker was Victor Gerhard, an attorney with the National Alliance, formally from New York state but now based at Alliance headquarters in Hillsboro, West Virginia, who spoke on the Henrik Mobus asylum case and how a legal victory over the Clintonista government would provide a great moral boost for our whole movement.
AF-BNP Chairman Mark Cotterill then gave a report on the BNP and the progress they are making back in the “old country” and the activities and future events planned for the AF-BNP stateside. He held a collection for funds, as usual “Dutch Auction,” which as reported above brought in over S800 for the cause.
The next speaker was Mike Reid, who as mentioned filled in for Richard Kelly Hoskins. Mike brought his four year-old son Daniel up to the speakers table and explained that we are fighting for the future of White children like his son. Following this, the now fa- I mous free raffle was held with over twenty attendees winning prizes of books, CD’s, T-shirts and other merchandise that had been donated by meeting sponsors.
The final speaker of the afternoon was Dr. Edward Fields, the editor of The Truth At Last, America’s oldest and longest running racialist newspaper. Dr. Fields spoke first about the problem of mass
1 Fields editor of The Truth at Last newspaper. Visit wwwjtormfront.org/tnith_at_last
meeting closed with the speakers leading the crowd in singing the unofficial southern national anthem "Dixie. "
trican Friends of the BNP has organized or been in-in a number of activities since the last newsletter, in-the following:
lay November 4,2000 the AF-BNP held another highly ;ting in Arlington, V irginia. The turnout of just over par w ith our previous meetings and very good for a 4ost of those attending were locals from the DC area, f members did travel in from as far away as New Y ork, >hio, Pennsylvania and even Georgia. The collection •00. which again was good for this time of the year. came in from literature and merchandise sales, mak-uccessful afternoon.
great line up of speakers, even though there were a ninute changes to the program. Richard Kelly Hoskins id the meeting as he had a heart attack the day before.
1 to report that he is well on the way to recovery and is H again. Mark Cotterill talked to Mr. Hoskins the
e the meeting and wished him a speedy recovery . Many e Reid, a good friend of Mr. Hoskins, who filled in for us an interesting report. Ron Doggett also had to can-f family commitments. However his number two, Lee in for him and gave us a report on NO-FEARS' s local : hope to have both Richard Kelly Hoskins and Ron i at our next meeting.
ng, which was chaired by Martin Kerr, started with ev-ng for a minutes silence for two fallen comrades, Mr . xn Greenbelt, Maryland and Mrs. Mary Hayes of W ash-/ho had sadly both passed away since our last meeting. be singing of the national anthems, first the American td Banner,** followed by the British, “God Save the ire getting better at this, but still need some practice! speaker was Steve Flora, the V irginia chairman of the t South, who spoke about the fight going on now to them heritage and the League’s role in the battle for spendence. The second speaker was Lee Church from, Organization for European Rights (NO-FEAR), who as •ovc filled in for Ron Doggett. Lee spoke about NO-
Victor Gerhard of the National Alliance (left). Visit National Alliance: www.natall.com
WCII DUClIdllAll UIU Wiiwciiv-i wiuivi ni vjwi w v/» v^vv/i	«* •	iiwm
The meeting ended on a high note with everyone standing again to sing Dixie, the unofficial Southern National Anthem. This was our last public meeting of the year 2000 and one which everybody will remember for a long time!
After the meeting a very enjoyable social was held at which members could get to know each other better, over dinner and a few drinks. We were pleased that over thirty people stayed on for this. During dinner AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill thanked everyone for their support throughout the year and gave credit to many of the activists present for their help in making the AF-BNP what it is today - the largest and best organized Nationalist organization in the Washington, DC area. “If you thought this year was good, wait and see what we have planned for 2001” said Mr. Cotterill.
* Eric Hoover, a reporter from Washington DC’s City Paper attended the meeting and afterwards interviewed AF-BNP chairman Mark Cotterill. Three weeks later, on November 24, they ran a story titled “Nationalism Building - The British National Party makes some new American friends.” The two-page article was very fair, consid-
Lee Church of Virginia Chapter, NO-FEAR. Visit NO-FEAR:
www.davidduke.com/nf
ering the City Paper is regarded as being very liberal. It quoted Mark Cotterill at length and he got across a number of very good points. We received a number of positive enquiries in the following week from local people who did not know a Nationalist organization was active in the DC area. Three of these have since joined the AF-BNP. If you missed the article and would like a copy, please send a SAE to us and we will mail you one.
*	On Wednesday, November 16 a number of AF-BNP members attended a meeting of the V irginia chapter of NO-FEAR in Richmond. The meeting was organized by Ron Doggett, a British-American who has done tireless work for our cause in the Richmond area for many years. The evening’s guest speaker was Gary Walker, author of many Southern books, who spoke about the W ar between the States - from a very confederate viewpoint! Over thirty local people attended the meeting and the AF-BNP literature table did a very good trade.
*	On Saturday December 9, it was back down to Richmond again, this time to attend the state meeting of the League of the South. This meeting was organized by the League's Richmond chairman, Germain Hlliott, who did an excellent job of pulling together a number o| great Southern speakers, including the League’s Virginia chairman -
Steve Flora of The League Of The South. Visit League of the South: www.dixienet.oi
Steve Flora and NO-FEAR’s Lee Church. There were tendees from all of Virginia and it was good to see southern AF-BNP members in the audience, some of v League members. In recent times the League seemed leftward, but with good people like Steve Flora and G< working in it, the League should soon to back on the r look forward to working with the League in the future * We held two very successful social events oveH period. The first of which was held at the home of All man Mark Cotterill in Falls Church, VA on Decembe
pre-Christmas party. Just under twenty local members! the DC area and Richmond attended. There were gene ji of British food, including Yorkshire Pudding, Steak an I English trifle and Toad in the Hole. There were alscl British beer, so nobody went thirsty! The second event White and Blue,” Yule tide 2000 celebration, which wa: f sored by the National Capitol Region of The Council I tive Citizens (CofCC). This was held at a member’s hon VA on December 29. Around thirty people attended, i Edward Fields (editor of The Truth At Last) and his \ Jared Taylor (editor of American Renaissance).
A section ol the eighty strong audience listens iuteu
guest speakers.