Heritage and Destiny: Stand Men of the West - Today is the day we fight!
Editor: Marie Cotterill; Assistant Editors: Martin Kerr and Peter Rushton Webmaster: Carl Clifford; Sales Manager: Anne Wright UK address: BCM Box 7318, London, WC1N 3 XX, Great Britain.
U.S. address: P. O. Box 6501, Falls Church, Virginia, 22046, USA.
Tel: 44 (0) 7833 677484; Website address: http://www.efp.org.uk ISSN 1741-8941; Electronic Mail: heritageanddestiny@yahoo.com
England First Party - to run 8 candidates in local
Council Elections
Dear fellow Nationalist, first of all may I apologize for the lateness of the April-June issue of Heritage and Destiny magazine. We had hoped to have this issue mailed out at the start of the month, but due to various factors beyond our control it has been held up at our new printers. The good news is it’s out now - and what a cracking issue it is!
As some of you will be aware, there are local council elections in England on May 1st. The England First Party will be running eight candidates in these elections, and we hope at least one of them wins! The candidates are as follows; Blackburn with Darwen: Nick Holt, North Turton and Tockholes ward, Mark Wareing, Earcroft ward; Oldham: Martin Brierley, Chadderton South ward, Andrew Clayton, St. James ward; Burnley: Steven Smith, Cliviger with Worthomc ward; Milton Keynes: Barry Taylor, Eaton Manor ward; Isle of White, Craig Coombs, St. Johns West ward, Ryde; - and last but not least myself - Mark Cotterill, in Preston’s Riversway ward.
For full details and updates on the election will be posted on the England First Party website - www.efp.org.uk - so keep checking it!
Although you can't help on the ground, American readers can still do their part. Please send a donation to help with the election campaign expenses. Whatever you can afford every dollar helps. However, please note that UK law states that foreign donors (that's you!) can only donate up to £200.00 (depending on the exchange rate about $350.00). So please no donations over $350.00 - or we will have to send them back. Thank you all once again for your support, I wish you well and look forward to hearing back from you soon.
Yours Sincerely,
Mark Cotterill, Editor & Publisher - Heritage and Destiny magazine and EFP Election candidate for Preston.