EXHIBIT 4
Griffin Wins BNP Chairmanship
Many of you will already be aware that there has been a leadership contest back in Britain for the Chairmanship of the British National Party. The voting ended on September, 28, 1999, and Nick Griffin won with 62% of the votes while the remaining 38% went to the former Party Chairman, John Tyndall.
All paid up members of the BNP (including those in America) were entitled to vote, and there was an 80% turnout. While the substantial majority in favor of change clearly gives Nick Griffin the mandate to stamp his own style and vision on the BNP, the fact that a sizable minority voted in favor of the status quo also makes clear the need to avoid change for change’s sake.
After the election,
Nick Griffin said,
“[w]ith the contest over, it's time to put the arguments behind us and get back down to 100%
positive work.” He has	Nick
told a number of American supporters since the result was announced, U1 don't care which candidate anyone voted for. What matters now is what people do to move the Party
Griffin
forwards from now on. That’s how I’ll be judging people, ar
1 expect every single member of the Party to do the same.
said that there would be no favoritism, no recriminations, ai #
no grudges, and that’s ho it’s going to be. I’m ve grateful to those w' supported me, but I ha no less respect for the who did not. What cou is the future, not the p? we’re all in the same be so we’ve got to row it the same direction.” Th sentiments were echoed the losing candidate former Party Chain I John Tyndall, who s “[t]he BNP remains best hope for Brita future; there is no o* We have all got to together in the gn cause of Race and Na Let’s do it.” John Tyi will remain in the J and editor of Spear magazine.
Mark Cotl Chairman of the Ame Friends of the BNP “(t]he British Na Party needed a yd and more modem led they planned to progress in the next millennium, and now they have • Nick Griffin. He has the full support of the American F of the BNP. We wish him and the BNP well for the futun
lerltage andHesttnv
BUeritage and Hestiny: The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP
“We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back.”
Editor: Mark Cotterill
Post Office Box 1746 •> Falls Church, Virginia 22041-1746 ❖ Phone: (703) 820-3844 •> Fax: (703) 820-3309 Web site address: http://www.members.xoom.com/americanbnp ♦> Electronic Mail: americanfriendsbnp@prodigy.net
Opinions expressed in articles are the authors' own, and should not be taken to represent the editorial viewpoint of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.
Mission Statemtent of The American Friends of the BNP
The American Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British* descent or who are descended from peoples related to the indigenous population of the British Isles. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
The aims of the American Friends of the BNP are:
1)	To preserve and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British descent;
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country back;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to the cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
| In general we define "British" as including the English, Irish, Scotch-Irish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also includes a number of lesser well-known peoples such the Cornish, the Manx (the people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Sark).
Editorial
Welcome to issue number two of Heritage and Destiny, the newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP. By the response that we have had 1 know that most of you enjoyed the first issue.
Thank you all for the subsequent letters, articles, press clippings, photographs, artwork and, of course, donations that you have sent in. Most of issue number one can also be found on our new Internet Web site, which can be found at: http://www.members.xoom.com/americanbnp. This site also has some great video footage on it, so if you have access to the Internet, check it out. You can also send us your letters by e-mail to	our new e-mail	address,	which	is:
americanfriendsbnp@prodigy.net.
Former British Conservative Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher, commented recently on how America is disintegrating into a multiracial morass.
Margaret Thatcher in 1979
The U.S. is moving toward a system in which the government presides over a number of different social groups, some of which have their own language and type of education. This approach undermines social unity and allows construction of a society that is the very opposite of America's previous practice. The government aims to supervise these different groups and keep the peace by redistributing income from one to another. Thus, the utopia of multiculturalism involves a bureaucratic class presiding over a nation divided into a variety of ethnic nationalities. The result, of course, looks awfiilly like the old Soviet Union. Such a system cannot work, and its failure is likely to inflict great damage on the people, their traditions, and their liberties.
While we support Lady Thatcher's statemtent on the current racial situation in America, we wonder why she has left it until now to speak out against the multiracial societies that she and others of her ilk imposed on both America and Britain. It should further be remembered that Lady Thatcher, in 1979, spoke out against Third World immigration into
Britain, claiming that, if it was not drastically reduced, Britain would be swamped by alien cultures and the British way of life would be changed for all time. This, of course, was just a ploy to steal votes from the National Front (NF), who were then Britain's leading Nationalist party. The ploy worked, and Thatcher and her Conservative Party were voted into power, thanks to the support of thousands of former NF voters who defected to the Conservatives because they thought they would reduce immigration.
However, after only a few months in power, Thatcher and her Conservative Party broke their pledge to the voters who had elected them by allowing in even more Third World immigrants than their Labour Party predecessors.
We hope Lady Thatcher is sincere this time, and that she continues to help debunk the assumptions of multiculturalism — assumptions which underlie policies like forced integration and massive nonwhite immigration.	□
lestirty
Fall 1999
Recent Events and Activities
Since the last newsletter the American Friends of the BNP have held a number of well-attended meetings, with some great speakers. On Thursday, July 8, 1999, we held our second successful public meeting in Arlington, Virginia. Over eighty members and supporters attended, including a good number of Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) members who were in town for their national conference which was held in Fairfax, Virginia the next day.
The first speaker was Vincent Edwards, who was David Duke’s Campaign Manager for his recent Congressional race in Louisiana’s first district. He gave a report on the campaign which saw Duke finish a very close third, missing the run-off by less than two percentage points. You can check out David Duke’s Web site at: http://www.duke.org.
The second speaker was Don Black who hosts Stormffont the world’s largest Racial-Nationalist Web site. Don, who is a thirty-year veteran of the Nationalist movement, spoke about the tremendous potential the Internet offers us and about the unsuccessful attempts by the enemies of free speech to politically censor Internet content. You can check .out Don’s Web site at: http://www.stormfront.org.
There then followed a number of shorter speeches from members of the audience. Lawrence Myers, a journalist from Indiana, spoke about the need for our movement to recruit more young people. He talked about the great potential that Racial-Nationalist music companies such as Resistance Records have for spreading the word amongst young people through CD sales and publications such as Resitance Records’ magazine. Resistance. You can check out the Resistance Records Web site at: http://www.resistance.com.
Lawrence was followed on by Ron Doggett, of Richmond, Virginia, who hosts one of the longest running Racial Nationalist Cable TV programs in the country, Race and Reality. Ron spoke about the recent controversy in his city over the mural of Confederate General Robert E. Lee. Next on
Ron Doggett
Don Black
was Craig Jackson, who is National Alliance’s State Coordinator for Maryland. He spoke of the need for our people to show more commitment to the cause and he explained why Nationalists should join his organization. You can check out the National Alliance Web site at: www.natall.com/index.html.
The final speaker was A.J. Barker, Chairman of the CofCC North Carolina Chapter. A.J. spoke of the need for all Nationalists from different groups to come together to work to further our common cause. You can check out the CofCC Web site at: http://www.cofcc.org.
The meeting was chaired by long-standing local Nationalist Martin Kerr, and a very successful collection was taken “Dutch auction” style, by American Friends of the BNP Chairman, Mark Cotterill^ Over $600 was raised, which went towards the costs of setting up our Internet Web site and towards buying a new computer, a printer, a scanner and a fax machine.
A very lively and interesting question and answer session followed,, with all the evening’s speakers taking questions from the audience. After the meeting, almost half the attendees stayed on for a very enjoyable social. All in all, a very successful evening.
To “see some great color photos of the meeting, visit our Web site at: http://www.members.xoom.com/americanbnp.
Two days later on Saturday, July 10th, we attended the CofCC 1999 Conference in Fairfax, Virginia, where the organizers kindly let us set up a literature table. We gave out over a hundred copies of Heritage and Destiny and sold a large number of BNP magazines and newspapers. This resulted in us gaining a number of new members, with three people joining on the spot! The conference itself went off very well, although the attendance was down slightly from the previous one. There were some great speakers and interesting panels. C-Span taped the entire Conference, and broadcast part of it live. Over the next few days they broadcast the entire conference twice.
' The following week, on Thursday, July 15th, Chairman Mark Cotterill and a couple of local supporters, traveled down to Virginia’s state capital of Richmond to support a Southern Heritage rally, which was being addressed by white civil
Sflerltage andfSesttny
-3-
Fall 1999
newspapers.
On Sunday, July 25, 1999, a small group of local activists along with Simon arby,) a BNP member from England, attended the 26th Annual Virginia Scottish Games and Festival in Alexandria, Virginia. This festival attracts thousands of people of British descent who are proud of their heritage and culture, just the type of people we wish to recruit. We had made fliers especially for this event and handed out over one thousand of them. The response we got was very good, with very few fliers given back or negative remarks.
One of the participating Clans was so supportive they let us base ourselves in their tent during the afternoon, which was quite a relief (especially for the Englishmen!) since it shaded us from the hot July sun. While at the festival we also took the opportunity to make a short video, which can be seen on our Web
From left to right, Chester Doles, Mark Cotterill & David Duke	site	was shot by our English visitor,
rights leader, Rep. David Duke, Chairman of the Republican	Simon Darby, who hosts one of the
Party in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. Over 250 mainly	BNP’s main Web sites, which you can check out at:
local supporters packed into the Best Western Hanover Hotel	http://www.bnp.to.
conference room to hear Duke speak on the need for	The afternoon’s activities were deemed a great success by
Souhemers and European-Americans to organize politically to . At everyone taking part and it was decided to attend more of preserve our rights and heritage. Representative Duke’s vis'i^vbiT^hese white ethnic festivals in the future. There are hundreds punctuated the end of a historic battle to return a mural < r	Scottish,	Irish	and Celtic festivals all over America every
A s' year. Please let us know of any coming up in your area and we ■vill supply you with fliers which can be handed out there. The
Confederate General and Richmond hero, Robert E. Lee, to| downtown floodwall after black supremacists on Richmond majority-black City Council demanded its removal.
Duke was invited to speak by a group of Richmond citizens headed by Ron Doggett, an* American friend of the BNP.who kindly allowed us to have a literature table at the meeting, from which we to pass out a large number of copies of Heritage and Destiny and to sell quite a few copies of BNP publications. A number of people there expressed an interest in our organization, several of whom subsequently joined up.
At the rally, David Duke said.
Alexandria festival brought us in over a dozen new members. The potential out there for us is huge.
Six days later on Saturday July 31st, we held a private meeting at a local supporter’s home in Fairfax County,
...similar attempts to destroy Southern and American history are taking place all over the country. George Washington’s name has been removed from a public school in New Orleans after black activists called him an ‘immoral example for children.' We must defend our heritage an our rights in Richmond, the former capital of the Confederacy, and across America. Unless all Southerners, and, indeed, all European-Americans band together politically, we will continue to see an erosion of our traditions and even our basic constitutional rights.
The meeting, which was a tremendous success, was covered by all the local TV stations and received front page coverage in all the local
Mark Cotterill standing, seated left to right. Dr. Pierce, Martin Kerr & Don Wassell
Virginia, where Simon Darby gave a talk on the BNP’s recent European Election campaign. Simon explained to the invited audience of about 25 that although the BNP failed to get any of its candidates elected, the election was still deemed very successful. The reasons for this are as follows, explained Simon.
“The BNP polled over 100,000 votes on a very low turnout and in all but a handful of districts our vote was well up over those from the 1997 General Election. In a number of areas the vote doubled or even trebled! The election also resulted in large numbers of people joining the Party and many new chapters being set up."
Simon then answered questions for about an hour on a whole host of subjects, ranging from the British Royal Family, to Northern Ireland, the Scottish and Welsh Parliaments, France’s National Front, and the BNP’s then upcoming leadership election. After the meeting a very nice buffet was provided by our host and the socializing continued well into the evening.
While in the States, Simon also traveled down to Florida, which has a large ex-patriot British community, to meet with a number of potential supporters, including some former members of Britain’s National Front. Upon returning to the DC area he also made a second video, this one shot outside the White House. This, too, can be seen on the BNP Web sites.
Everyone involved with the American Friends of the BNP deemed Simon Darby’s visit a great success. We look forward to more visits from other outstanding BNP leaders in the future.
On Saturday, August 28, 1999, we held our third successful public meeting in Arlington, Virginia, and, again, over eighty members and supporters attended, most of whom came from the Washington, D.C. Metro area, but it was nice to see people from as far away as Richmond, Virginia, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and New York.
The first speaker was Don Wassail, Chairman of the American Nationalist Union (ANU) and editor of The Nationalist Times. He spoke about the economic and racial problems facing America today, which he believes can only be solved with radical Nationalist and America First policies. You can check out Don’s Web site at: http://www.anu.org.
The main speaker was Dr. William L. Pierce, Chairman of the National Alliance and author of the famous books The Turner Diaries and Hunter. He spoke first about his visit to England in 1997, where he addressed a BNP rally in London. This was his first trip back to the land of his ancestors. He was
later banned from returning by the British government.
Dr. Pierce talked about his time in England and compared the “old country” with America. He went on to explain the differences between the National Alliance and the BNP and the ways in which each group carry out their activities. He pointed out that here in America Nationalists enjoy a lot more “freedom” to publish literature, speak out against the multiracial nightmare, and hold public meetings. In England, public meetings are a thing of the past for Nationalists, as they are nearly always banned, and in the rare cases when they are not, they are nearly always met with fierce and often violent opposition from anti-freedom groups (Communists and Socialists).
After Dr. Pierce’s speech, another very successful collection was taken, “Dutch auction” style, by American Friends of the BNP Chairman, Mark Cotterill "Almost $600 was raised, which was split three ways between the National Alliance, the American Nationalist Union and American Friends of the BNP.
The meeting, which was chaired Martin Kerr, was then passed back to Dr. Pierce and Don Wassell who took a number of questions from the audience before the meeting was adjourned. The afternoon ended with about 30 members and supporters having a “late lunch” in the restaurant adjoining the meeting room. Everyone agreed it was another highly successful meeting. If you missed it, make sure you are at the next one; details will be mailed out soon to everyone we know of who might wish to attend.	M

Dr. William L. Pierce
Fall 199'