Issue 3__________The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP_Winter/Spring	2000
Buchanan Rattles the Establishment
At the end of October 1999, long-time Republican speech writer and TV commentator Pat Buchanan announced that he was leaving the GOP to run for the nomination of the Reform Party fori President of the United States. For weeks prior to the announcement virtually all of the nation’s top media had been savaging Buchanan with incredible ferocity. Even conservative journalists such as Bill Buckley and George Will joined the liberals in attacking Buchanan as an anti-Semite and as a traitor to “all that America stands for." Buchanan responded that he had to leave the Republican Party because it was no longer different in substance from the Democratic Party - that there was really only one party in control of America’s destiny, and that this power had to be challenged. He has consistently denied being racist or anti-Semitic, but admits in his recent books to opposing much of what America presently stands for because he says the present Establishment has abandoned the anti-imperial and anti-free trade policies that made the U.S. the envy of the world. In short order he has published two books explaining his views. The
first is The Great Betrayal, which is a brilliant historical andl economic analysis of the free-trade doctrine and its opposing doctrine which he calls “economic nationalism,” and the second is A Republic, Not an Empire, which condemns America’s imperialist foreign policy as a betrayal of the national interest.
Initially the books were written as one text but were thankfully divided into two separate works, making them much more readable.
The remarkable reaction of the press and the body politic to Buchanan’s flirting with and finally joining the Reform Party bears comment. The Israeli lobby in America has long suspected Buchanan to be opposed to its interests because as a Nixon advisor he identified it as a power with its own agenda which was different from that of advancing America’s national interests. He also supported John Demjanjuk (because of a lack of I credible evidence against him). This further enraged the Jewish commu- I nity in America for, without I Buchanan and the international hubbub he raised, Demjanjuk would f have gone on quietly to his death I like all the other victims of false | Jewish Holocaust claims.
Furthermore, Buchanan claims in A Republic, Not an Empire that it was not in America's interest to fight J Germany in World War II - which is blasphemy to both conservatives and liberals alike. “My God! What about the Holocaust” they rave, forgetting about the millions murdered by America’s ally, the Soviet Union, before America’s formal entry into the war. It is “verboten” to suggest that the crusade against “Nazi Germany” was not worth a single American life.
Continued on page 6
PATRICK T. BUCHANAN
A Republic, Not an Empire
Reclaiming America’s Destiny
HUeritage and Bestiny
-l-
Winter/Spring 2000
HIOWi IU45W ui iu
X
“We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back.”
|	Editor:	Mark	Cotterill	\
Post Office Box 1746 •> Falls Church, Virginia 22041-1746 ❖ Phone: (703) 820-3844 ❖ Fa*: (703) 820-3309 Website address: http://www.americabnp.net •> Electronic Mail: americanfTiendsbnp@prodigy.net
Opinions expressed in articles are the authors’ own. and should not be taken to represent the . editorial viewpoint of Heritage and Destiny or The American Friends of the BNP.
Mission Statement of The American Friends of the BNP
The American Friends of the BNP is comprised of men and women living in the United States and Canada, who are of British* descent or who are descended from peoples related to the indigenous population of the British Isles. We gather together voluntarily to peacefully and legally pursue our aims.
The aims of the American Friends of the BNP are:
1)	To preserve and foster British culture and heritage among Americans of British descent;
2)	To educate Americans of British descent about British Nationalism, so that we may learn how more effectively to promote nationalism in America and to take our country back;
3)	To build bridges of understanding between the British people and their American cousins;
4)	To render political and moral support to the cause of British Nationalism, which is best represented by the British National Party (BNP);
5)	To enact a program of activities to advance the preceding points.
1 In general we define “British” as including the English, Irish, Scotch-Irish, Scottish and Welsh. However it can also include a number of lesser well-known peoples such the Cornish, the Manx (the people of the Isle of Man), and the Channel Islanders (people from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Sark).
Editorial
Welcome to Issue 3 of Heritage and Destiny, the Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP. We are sorry there was no unique Winter 1999 issue, as we would have liked to have kept on a quarterly basis. However it is all down to both time and money and we had little to spare of either over the Winter. The response to Issue 2 was even better than we had bargained for and we have almost sold out. The print run has therefore been doubled for this issue! Please keep sending in your letters, articles, photographs, artwork and, most importantly, donations, however large or small — every dollar counts.
We now have a new Internet website, which can be found at www.americabnp.net. It has been vastly improved and we will keep it constantly updated with news and articles. Our old website was taken down by our hosts, Zoom.com, after they received complaints from the traditional enemies of Western Survival. However, it turns out that they did us a big favor, since our new site looks twice as good and we are getting thousands of visits every week. We are now also sending out an e-mail newsletter to members and supporters. If you wish to be included on our e-mailing list please let me have your e-mail address. You can send it to me direct at: markl690@hotmail.com.
There has been considerable reorganization in the BNP since Nick Griffin took over as Party Chairman six months ago. He has appointed Mrs. Sharon Edwards as his Deputy Chairman, and he has launched three new publications. Identity, a twenty-eight page glossy magazine. Voice of Freedom, a twelve page monthly newspaper, and Excalibur, a bulletin for the recently-formed Young BNP. Exciting times ahead for the party!
One question we keep being asked by our American members and supporters is, since there is no Nationalist
political party in the U.S. that even comes close to the BNP and other similar parties on mainland Europe, like France’s National Front or Austria’s Freedom Party, who, if anyone, should they give their support to? Up until a couple of months ago our answer would have been, “Nobody.” However as it now looks like Pat Buchanan is going to be the Reform Party’s candidate for President, we suggest that you give your support to the Reform Party.
The Reform Party is not perfect, far from it, but it is getting better. Our type of people — Nationalists — have been joining the Reform Party all across America and this is going to almost guarantee that Buchanan will be its candidate in November. At the same time the liberals and Libertarians like Jesse Ventura, Donald Trump, Jack Gargan and Warren Beatty have been leaving. The Reform Party could soon be an American Nationalist party in all but name.
Whatever Buchanan may or may not say to the liberal media, we all know that deep down he is a genuine Nationalist and we think he and the Reform Party deserve our support. European-American civil rights leader David Duke has even come out in support of Buchanan (even though Pat said some horrible things about Duke a few years back). What happens after the election is over is anyone’s guess. A lot will depend on whether or not Buchanan gets a substantial part of the vote.
So our advice is join the Reform Party in your local area and get involved. Help make sure Buchanan is on the ballot in your state and wins your state’s nomination. Then work up until the national election on getting him the best possible vote. One thing is for sure, if too many of us sit back and do nothing, current policies will remain, and the situation will only deteriorate. For the first time in many years we have the opportunity to see a Nationalist party take off in America. Let's not miss that opportunity!	□
leritage andBestlnv
-2-
Winter/Spring 2000
Recent Events and Activities
American \ends of the NP has organ-been involved mber of events Wittes since the wsletter. I will cover most of here.
On Saturday, imber 4, 19991 ra\ of us attended Council of aservative Citizens tfCf) Semiannual inference in Hunts-Ue, Alabama, where e organizers kindly st us set up a liter-Lture table. We sold a large number of BNP publications and gave out almost a hundred copies of Heritage and Destiny. This resulted in us gaining
Ben Troxel (left) and Mark Cotterill, at the CofCC Semiannual Conference in Huntsville, AL
a couple of new members, one of whom has turned out to be very useful. We also met in person a number of our enthusiastic Southern members with whom we had previously only corresponded or spoken to on the phone. The conference itself attracted almost 200 supporters over the weekend, which was very good, as Alabama is not one of the CofCC’s strongest areas. The Hon. George C. Wallace, Jr. gave a fine speech,
2*3


m
K*



-
^NatlonslOrganlzatiopt^^^t
EumpeanJmerJcanRighfc-
I** iiomeetebfiHi

David Duke, speaking at NO-FEAR’s first regional rally, in Philadelphia, PA
which was very well received by the audience. The next CofCC conference will be held in Columbia, South Carolina in the late Spring. For full details, visit their website at www.cofcc.org.
On Friday, January 21, 2000 we were invited to the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., to see the formal launch of a new civil rights group, the National Organization
For European American Rights (NOFEAR), whose National President is David Duke, a former Republican Representative in the Louisiana State Legislature. The new group will “actively defend the civil rights and heritage of European Americans just as the NAACP, La Raza and the ADL defend the rights of African Americans, Mexican Americans and Jewish Americans,” Duke told a room full of media correspondents. The press conference received nationwide coverage on TV and Radio that evening, and in the newspapers the next day.
The following day, on Saturday, January 22, 2000, NO-FEAR held its first regional meeting. The venue was a five-star hotel in downtown Philadelphia. Seventy-five invited guests heard speeches from, first. Dr. Mathew Johnson, Assistant Editor of The Barnes Review, and then the National President of NO-FEAR, David Duke. Duke explained to the audience why it was necessary for the new organization to be formed. He said, “European Americans have the right to live, the right to continue
heritage andHesttny
Winter/Spring 2000
Thomas Chittum, speaking at AF-BNP meeting in
to exist, the right to have our children and grandchildren and great-grandchildren to look something like us, and the right to preserve our genotype.” He went on, “If present immigration rates continue, intermarriage rates continue and low white birth rates continue, the European American people will basically be lost. By the middle of this century, European Americans will make up less than SO percent of the total population of the U.S.” You can contact NO-FEAR by writing to: P.O. Box 188, Mandeville, LA 70470. Or you can check out their website at www.nofear.net.
The AF-BNP’s first meeting of the new millennium was Id in Arlington, Virginia on Saturday, January 29, 2000. e had a new venue
war, which ue ueueves wouiu must likely start in the Southwest and then spread over most of the country. He' said, “Social, political and economic forces are pulling America apart and driving her toward a bloody civil war that may fracture the nation into several different countries, divided along racial lines.” You can check out his website at www.civilwartwo.com.
The main speaker was Stephen King, a leading member of the British National Party, from London, England. King spoke about how massive Third World immigration is changing the face of Britain (and mainland Europe), which was almost an all-white country up until the mid-1960s. He said “In only thirty-odd years the nonwhite population has swelled to over 10% and by the middle of this century Britons will be outnumbered by nonwhites in their own country [which will also happen here in America - Ed.]. King also spoke about the reorganization of the BNP since Nick Griffin was elected Chairman last year. He said, “The BNP is now in its strongest position ever and could well elect local district representatives in the very near future.” You can check out the main British National Party website at www.bnp.net.
There were three other speakers who gave short talks. Jim Lubinskas, Assistant Editor of American Renaissance (AR) talked about the upcoming AR conference. You can find full details of the conference on the American Renaissance website at www.amren.com. Sam van Rensburg, National Membership Coordinator of the National Alliance, spoke
Arlington, VA
d a great lineup of eakers. Over 60 mbers and supporters attended, mostly locals but some (including a couple from Alabama), from outside the DC area. Although attendance was down from the last couple of meetings, it was still good considering the weather conditions — lots of snow!
Our first speaker was Thomas Chittum, a military analyst and former Soldier, who saw active service in Vietnam, Rhodesia and Croatia. He is author of the best seller Civil War Two - The Coming
A section of the audience at the AF-BNP meeting in Arlington, VA
BUerttage and destiny
-4-
Wintcr/Spring 2000
*
BDeritage and Hesttny
I
David Duke speaking at Siler City, NC rally
-5-	Winter/Spring	2000
Mark Cotterill at AF-BNP Meeting, West Palm Beach, FL
about the rapid decline of his former country. South Africa, since black supremacists took it over. You can check out Sam’s website at http://tou.com/host/iffr. Finally, Marie Cotterill, Chairman of the AF-BNP, talked about upcoming activities and events. The meeting was chaired by longstanding local Nationalist, Martin Kerr, who asked the audience to stand for a moment of silence to pay their final respects to fallen comrade West Hooker, of Washington, D.C., who died recently.
A very successful collection was taken “Dutch Auction” style by Mark Cotterill, which raised over $600 for the cause. This was followed by an interesting question and answer session with the two main speakers answering questions from the audience. After the meeting was closed a very enjoyable social was held in a nearby cafe, where members could got to know each other better over some good food and drinks.
On Saturday, February 5, 2000, the AF-BNP, held its first meeting outside of Virginia. The venue was a downtown hotel in West Palm Beach, in sunny Florida. We were not sure what size turnout to expect, as this was virgin ground for us. However as south Florida has a large ex-patriot British population (with Fort Lauderdale having the highest percentage of British-born people anywhere in America) and also a large number of Racial Nationalists, we were sure that the meeting would be a success — and it was.
Over fifty Floridians turned out for the meeting, mostly from the Palm Beach area, but including one supporter who came all the way from St. Augustine, and another who drove up from the Florida Keys. The event was jointly sponsored by the America First Party, whose National Chairman, Jeff Wilkerson, chaired the meeting, and the AF-BNP.
The first speaker was AF-BNP Chairman, Mark Cotterill, who explained die objectives of his organization and what it planned to do in the future in regard to working with other Nationalist groups in the States. The second speaker was John Simila, from the West Palm Beach Reform Party. Simila spoke of the importance of getting Nationalists registered to vote and then making sure they vote for the Reform Party in the general election. You can check out the Reform Party website at www.reformparty.com.
The main speaker of the evening was, again, Stephen King, from London, England, who is a leading member of the BNP. King gave almost the same speech that he made up in
Arlington, Virginia the previous weex, oui lie univcu ■■■ g. detail about the success of Jorg Haider and his Freedom Party in Austra, who had been in the news all week long.
After King’s speech, a very successful collection was taken “Dutch Auction” style, by AF-BNPN Chairman, Mark Cotterill, who was helped by Kristin Duke (David Duke’s daughter) a long-time supporter of the BNP. The collection raised over $500 for the cause
Stephen King then took questions from the audience for about thirty minutes before the final speaker of the evening, the Reverend John D. Alder, of the European America Episcopal Church took the stage. Rev. Alder thanked Stephen King for his speech and praised the work of the BNP. He called on all Americans of British descent to support the AF-BNP in whatever way they can.
About twenty members and supporters stayed on after the meeting for a drink and a chat with the speakers and organizers in the very pleasant hotel lounge. All in all, the Florida meeting was a great success and we look forward to organizing more events down there in the future.
A number of our members attended the highly successful anti-Mexican immigration rally in Siler City, North Carolina, on Saturday, February 19, 2000. The rally was organized by North Carolina’s Concerned Citizens of Chatam County. The main speaker was the National President of the National Organization For European-American Rights (NO-FEAR), David Duke. Over 800 supporters turned out for the rally, of whom only 150 were allowed by the police onto the steps of the Siler City Town Hall.
Duke told the crowd:
The reason I came to Siler City is because Siler City is symbolic of what’s happening in America. Siler City is at a crossroads — either you get your public officials to get these illegal aliens out of here, or you lose your community, you lose your homes, you lose your schools — you lose your way of life here."
He continued: “Massive Third World immigration is changing the face of our nation, and what’s going to happen is, you will eventually be outnumbered and outvoted in your own land.” Duke ended his speech to the 800-strong crowd by telling them to carry on the fight. “Your battle here is America’s battle,” he said.	□