_ exhibit 1
ERITAGE
AND
ESTINY
The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP____________________________
Issue 1	Summer	1999
Introducing Heritage & Destiny, and The
American Friends of the BNP
The American Friends of the BNP and our newsletter. Heritage & Destiny, are devoted to the study and promotion of our Western culture, heritage and civilization. The United States owes all .of its short, but interesting history of national development to Europeans, in general, and people of British Isles descent, in particular.
These people and their nations, which have been collectively, if rather imprecisely, described as the West, have been responsible for the creation and development of our modem civilization, a process in which the record of our own nation has been second to none. The ethnic identities and cultures of these Western nations are now in serious crisis. They are under attack from a wide combination of hostile forces.
On one flank is the deadening produce-and-consume materialism of a commercial society run rampant On the other is its mirror image: Marxist economic determinism. While the former has debased our culture, the latter has instituted a reign of intelleotuaLjeiTorism within the academic world and the spheres of life which flow from it. Those intelligent and creative minds which naturally form society’s elite are cowed into acquiescence by the liberal-Marxist coalition, an alliance
join usim
of money and fanaticism characterized by hatred of our nations and race.
The battle for the mind is central to the struggle for the future of our planet. It is a battle which must be fought ideologically, culturally and politically. Our approach, therefore, will be threefold. Firstly, we aim to help provide a forum for the objective analysis of important issues, including the assets and liabilities of all political, economic and religious systems. The necessary “revaluation of all v^yesll^can only come from an independent source, free from the demands,' restraints and other problems which are incumbent on American political parties and organizations tied-in with such parties.
Secondly, we aim to promote interest in the historical achievements and cultures of our nations and race, and thereby help to instill a proper understanding of and positive pride in our European ethnic identity.
Thirdly, we will support as best we can, candidates and parties that stand against the evil forces which are bent on destroying our Western Christian culture, our European; heritage and our race. At the present there are few such candidates in the United States and not one political party worth talking about. One of the few candidates who has made a stand is David Duke, whom we will support in the future.
We hope the coverage in Heritage & Destiny will be comprehensive, embracing and will draw together all aspects of the Western destiny, past, present and future. Apart from news on the British National Party and the American Friends of the BNP, our content will include articles on Western politics, history and culture.
The outcome of the struggle between those who seek the destruction and those who seek the preservation of genetic variation, will decide no less an issue than the question o whether evolution,is to go forwards or backwards. Will w< pursue the quest for a higher type of man, or will we be cas back into the primordial trough of mediocrity?
fauTAGE &. HeSTINY
-1-
Summer 199!
EQeritaGE&HesTINY: The Newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP
v
“We are the descendants of the Founding Fathers; this is our country, and we are going to take it back.” Editor: Mark Cotterill ❖ PO Box 1746 ❖ Falls Church, VA 22041-1746 ❖ Telephone: (703) 820-3844
Editorial
Welcome to issue number one of Heritage & Destiny, the new newsletter of the American Friends of the BNP. We hope that you will enjoy this first issue, but please write in and let us know (even if you don’t!). We want your feedback and comments. In issue number two we will be publishing a selection of your letters, so get writing -we want to hear from you! We would also welcome short articles, press cuttings, photographs and artwork. In fact, anything that you think would be of interest and use to our newsletter.
The first major meeting of the American Friends of the BNP was held in Arlington, northern Virginia on March 20,
1999. The meeting was a great success; almost 100 local Patriots attended. We had two excellent speakers, Dr. Samuel Francis and Mr. Stephen Cartwright.
Dr. Francis gave a report on the state of the American conservative movement in general and the Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) in particular. Dr. Francis used to work for the so-called “conservative” Washington Times newspaper, but they fired him after his writings on racial matters touched a raw nerve too many. Some of his best articles have been published in his book, Revolution from the Middle (which is available from American Friends of the BNP for $5 postpaid). Dr. Francis is a nationally syndicated newspaper columnist and publishes his own monthly newsletter, The Samuel Francis Letter, (available for $35 for 12 issues from: PO Box 19627, Alexandria, VA 22320-0627) which reprints all of his newspaper columns from the previous month, as well as book reviews.
Our second speaker, Mr. Stephen Cartwright, a BNP organizer in Scotland, came all the way from Glasgow, [Scotland to be with us. This was his first visit to America. He honored to be die first speaker from “the old country” to a meeting of the American Friends of the BNP. He ive the audience a brief sketch of the history of the BNP before moving on to discuss their aims and policies, and the importance of the upcoming European election campaign.
He also covered matters relating to the Northern Ireland “Peace process”, the Welsh Assembly and the Scottish Parliament. This was again brought up in the question and answer session, when a number of people in the audience asked questions about Scotland and Ireland. Cartwright explained that both the Scottish National Party (SNP) and Sinn Fein/IRA were in no way racial-nationalists. Their policies are nothing more than internationalism hidden behind tartans and shamrocks.
Many eyes were opened to the fact that both the SNP and Sinn Fein/IRA readily welcome non whites into their parties. Another good point that Stephen got over was the way in which both SNP and Sinn Fein/IRA conceal their Marxist-
Socialist and pro-black/anti-white views, when collecting dollars from gullible Americans of Irish or Scottish descent.
Stephen ended his speech by saying, “It is now time to give Americans of British heritage, whether they be English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh or Scotch-Irish, the opportunity to hear a real racial-nationalist message from the old country. That message is coming from the BNP and the BNP only. Racially aware Americans can now contribute financially to future BNP campaigns, starting with the European election and know that their money is going to a worthy course — the fight for the very survival of white people in the British Isles.”
The meeting was chaired by long-standing _ local nationalist, Martin Kerr, and a collection of over $500 was raised for the BNP’s European election campaign. Afterwards, a very enjoyable social was held in the home of a local BNP supporter in Fairfax County.
Mr. Cartwright also spoke at three other smaller gatherings of BNP supporters, one in Baltimore (MD), another in Richmond (VA) and the last in Norwood (NJ). In Washington, DC, he visited the offices of Liberty Lobby, which publishes both The Spotlight and the Barnes Review, and Resistance Records, which will be resuming publication of it’s top quality magazine, Resistance, in August. He also met with former Louisiana State Representative David Duke at a fund-raising dinner. Duke was in DC for an interview on NBC’s prestigious “Meet the Press” TV show.
Everyone involved with the American Friends of the BNP, deemed Mr. Cartwright’s visit a great success. We look forward to more visits from other outstanding BNP leaders in the future.
Our next meeting will be held in Arlington, Virginia on Thursday, July 8, 1999. We will have three great speakers:
•	Don Black, who hosts the largest racial-nationalist Internet site in the world - www.stormfront.org.
He will give a report on the Internet, explain how the enemies of our heritage are trying to shut him down, and why they will fail.
•	Vincent Edwards, who was David Duke’s Campaign Manager for his recent Congressional race in Louisiana. He will tell us why Duke lost that race and why he will win next time.
•	Micheal Piper, who is a journalist for 77ie Spotlight newspaper, and author of a best-selling book on the JFK assassination. Final Judgment, will give a report on anti-freedom groups such as the ADL and how they are working to destroy our heritage and culture.
Full details of the meeting can be found on the enclosed flyer. We look forward to seeing you all there. x
SSerjtage a. He
iSTTNY
-2-
Sumraer 1999
Council of Conservative Citizens Conference
The Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC), is holding its next semi-annual national conference in Virginia on Friday, July, 9 and Saturday, July 10, 1999. The venue will be the Hyatt Fair Lakes Hotel in Fairfax, a suburb of Washington, DC.
On Friday July 10 is the CofCC Board Meeting, which starts at 10:00 am and is open only to CofCC members. On Saturday July 11 is the Conference itself^ which starts at 8:30 am, and is open to the general public. The CofCC has some great speakers lined up, including Sam -Francis,-^ared Taylor, Sam, Dickson, Joseph Sobran, Wayne Lutton,~Glen Spencer, John Vinson, Mike Masters and many more.
The CofCC has gained much media coverage over the last six months due to its past links to Senate Majority leader Trent Lott, Georgia Congressman Bob Barr and Mississippi Governor Kirk Fordice. They and the CofCC came under tremendous attack from the liberal-left wing media, so much so that Lott and Barr turned on their former CofCC friends and now attack them. They now say the CofCC is a racist and
extremist organization, and that if they had known this earlier they would not have had anything to do with it!
Mississippi Governor Kirk Fordice, however, has stood firm and not attacked the CofCC, as other, so-called conservatives have. Governor Fordice was the guest speaker at the last CofCC conference, held in Jackson, Mississippi in November, 1998. Over 300 CofCC members attended that event, which was a great success.
Because membership has skyrocketed in recent months due to the massive media coverage, and because the DC area has a very large and active pool of conservatives, this Summer’s conference in Fairfax should be even bigger than the last one. Local organizers expect more than 400 members and supporters to be there — make sure you are one of them!
For full details on the conference please call either the CofCC National Office at (314) 291-8474 or its Virginia Office at (703) 876-0324, or write to: CofCC, PO BOX 221683, Saint Louis, MO 63122, or visit its web site at: www.cofcc.org.



wise}
*

a
n
e
itize
s

CofCC leader, Gordon Lee Baum (right) addressing the 1997 CofCC Convention in Atlanta, Georgia. Seated next to him is movement attorney, Kirk Lyons, of North Carolina.
ERJTAOE k.
JSTINY
3
Summer 1999
Spotlight on the British National Party
A Is reported in recent issues of The Spotlight, France’s populist party, the National Front - the largest of its type in the world - has been split. The breakaway faction calling itself the “National Front National Movement," led by turncoat Bruno Megret, held its first congress recently and has now set itself up as a separate party. Megret, who was No. 2 to National Front President Jean Marie Le Pen in the old party, said that his new party “will pursue the same nationalist policies" as the National Front did, but “without the excesses, the blunders and the provocations" of that party.
However, all is not well in Megret’s new party and the leadership have already started to fall out among themselves. It now seems that the split in the National Front came from both inside and outside the party. Foreign intelligence services, including Americans, have been working to destroy Le Pen and his party for a number of years now. Although Le Pen has not been toppled, he and his party have been shaken by Megret’s sabotage and will go into this June’s European elections weaker than they were a year ago. They will also face opposition from Megret’s party which will divide the populist vote. Before the split, Le Pen could have polled as high as 20 percent of the national vote. Now opinion polls give him around 10 percent, with Megret’s party at 5 percent. Watching all this from across the English Channel, Britain’s largest and most successful populist party — the British National Party (BNP) — is going into this June’s European elections stronger than ever. Party membership is at an all time high and new chapters of the BNP are starting up all over the United Kingdom. They even have a chapter now in Carrickfergus, Northern Ireland, which has always been a very difficult area for British populists to get a foothold in.
The BNP was formed in 1982 by a small group of patriots from different organizations who were tired of watching their once-great country being sold down the river by the old political parties. They made little headway until the start of the 1990s, but since then the party has been going from strength to strength. In 1993 the BNP elected its first local councilor in Millwall ward (in East London), polling more than 30 percent of the vote and beating die three “old gang,” parties (Labor, Libera] and Conservative).
In the 1997 general election, the BNP ran 55 candidates nationwide, which earned them TV and radio broadcasts. In Britain a “third party" has to run at least 50 candidates to qualify for air time On TV and radio. Such time cannot be bought as happens in America. A deposit of 500 pounds Cabout S800) is required to run a candidate in any one district, and if that candidate gets less than 5 percent of the vote in that district the deposit is lost (i.e., the state gets it). In three districts the BNP polled more than 5 percent of the vote and thus saved three deposits, which is very rare for a third party to do in a general election.
The election of Tony Blair’s “New Labor” party government, with its poisonous mix of political correctness and cultural communism, has lead to the BNP becoming the unofficial opposition to them in many inner city areas. The BNP is the only party standing up for the interests of native Britons in the former industrial areas of England, where
Islamic militancy and anti-white racial violence are sharply on the rise. In these areas, working class Britons are being turned into oppressed second class citizens in their own country. They don’t like this situation and they are turning to the BNP in droves.
The BNP is also now well-organized in most of Scotland and in South Wales as well. It even has a new chapter in Northern Ireland. And its expansion should continue, as the BNP’s populist message appeals to a great mass of disillusioned people all across the United Kingdom. The BNP’s growth in Britain, as with the success of the National Front in France, has not gone unnoticed by the Establishment. On February 8, the Daily Express (one of Britain’s most-read daily newspapers) ran a front page story with the headline: “MI5 To Smash Race Gangs.”
This was not, as many of you think, a story about Britain’s police force planning to smash the many black and Asian street gangs that have been terrorizing elderly Britons for many years. According to the Daily Express, “Scotland Yard and MI5 [Britain’s political police] are planning a huge covert operation to break up violent racist organizations. The Express has learned that intelligence officers will infiltrate Far Right groups such as the British National Party.”
The article continued, “Other officers will tap telephones, open mail, and scrutinize bank accounts and medical records. We plan to close down these organizations by using every administrative device available to us," said a Scotland Yard source. “These may include tax and VAT (Value Added Tax) details, local authority planning infringements and breaches of charity regulations. You must remember that A1 Capone was brought down by the American Internal Revenue [Service] -not the FBI. At the end of the day- we will know everything about the people in these groups, more than they know themselves. Mr. [Deputy Assistant Commissioner John] Grieve, former head of the anti-terrorist squad, is aiming to build comprehensive computer files on the country’s active racists and their relatives and associates. He will be using all his skills and techniques used against the IRA in the fight against the racial terrorists polluting our inner cities. The files will detail racist groups’ views and the extent to which they use violence. The ultimate intention is to bring a series of criminal charges against the ringleaders of racist organizations and the thugs who follow them.”
This story was clearly placed in the Express by spin-doctors, after the release of the highly critical “Lawrence Report." (Stephen Lawrence was a black teenager killed by white youths five years ago). In so doing. Grieve, now head of the new London Metropolitan Police race crime unit, has given Britons a chilling glimpse of the totalitarianism which lurics inside the liberal mind.
The London police have taken a lot of heat from the cultural communists since the Lawrence Report for their failure to catch and convict Stephen Lawrence’s killers, and .also for the death in early February of another young black man, who was being held in police custody in North London. The story in the Express was designed to take off that “heat,” but it should also be noted that Grieve,- a very politically
QQhKJTAOE & fihSTINY
-4-
Summer 1999
BNP Chairman, John Tyndall
correct policeman if ever there was one, has his own personal vendetta against the BNP.
A few years ago at a BNP election meeting in East London, Grieve tried to incite a number of Communist demonstrators to attack a group of elderly BNP members going into the meeting. However before the Communists could attack, a large group of younger BNP supporters arrived at the meeting hall and faced down the Reds, who then made a hasty retreat Grieve was so angry at this that he was literally jumping up and down, screaming that “my boys [the ordinary police constables] will do in your boys [die young BNP members].” Interestingly, nothing of the sort happened, as the ordinary police constables, many of whom are sympathetic to the BNP, failed to act on Grieve’s instructions.
The BNP have long worked on the assumption that the political police tap their phones and open their mail, but since all their activity is legal, there is nothing such police-state snooping can find out which can be used against them in court. At the same time, Grieve’s political police need to be seen taking action against the “racists” and this alone may push them to take illegal action against the BNP. Not being the type of organization which would dilly dally around, the BNP hit back the very same day the Express article appeared. BNP spokesman Michael Newland faxed a formal complaint against the way Grieves had broken his police oath of impartiality and ignored the British tradition of non-political policing. A complaint was also lodged with the Police Complaints Authority.
The groups Liberty and Amnesty International are being pressed to speak out against the threat to target BNP members’ relatives, which may be too much even for them to accept Details of the proposals by Scotland Yard and MIS to “close
down” a legitimate political party are being sent to the myriad of free speech web sites around the world.
A few days after the Express article, another attack was launched on the BNP’s European election campaign. This one came from the British Broadcasting Company (BBC), Britain’s state-run TV and radio network. The BBC decides how third parties such as the BNP can qualify for TV and radio time during the European Election campaign in June.
Normally a third party would have to run candidates in one-sixth of the districts to qualify for such air time. However the BBC has recently announced that third parties must henceforth run candidates in every district in England to get the air time. This change in BBC policy is a clear attempt to thwart the BNP’s participation in the democratic process. The move away from the one-sixth criteria, which the BNP had already exceeded, will also hurt and probably stop a number of other third parties, such as the Greens, Liberals and Socialists from being able to obtain TV and radio air time.
The BNP reacted to the news by declaring that the party would be running candidates in all nine English districts (they had planned to run in just half of them). Party leader, John Tyndall, said, “I’m not about to let the bureaucrats of the BBC stop the BNP or prevent our party from obtaining its democratic rights.” Nevertheless, the new conditions mean that the BNP must redouble its efforts particularly with regard to fundraising. The party’s original $80,000 European election campaign fund target has been increased to $120,000. At press time, just over half of this has been raised.
To help the BNP reach its target, an American support group for the party has been set up. “American Friends of the BNP” was formed in January by a number of expatriate Britons, now living in the United States, and some American supporters of the party. Long-time Liberty Lobby and I Spotlight supporter Stan Hess of California traveled to Britain! in early January and held talks with BNP leaders Nick Griffin and Richard Edmonds. Hess is very keen on promoting closer| cooperation between populist activists and organizations around the world.
— “Our opponents exchange information and tactical ideas,” he told The Spotlight. “We need to do the same, otherwise we will always be one step behind them. Most of all, I want to see an international information technology, conference of those groups around the world, which, like the BNP, are at the front of the bell curve on using opportunities such as the Internet for spreading our ideas.”
Opponents of free speech are reported to be dismayed at the underlying strength of the BNP, which has been able to mount such a concerted effort to surmount all of the obstacles from the political police, the BBC and the cultural communists to reach its target: the hearts and minds of the British people.
The BNP will enter June’s European election more determined and more united than ever before. It is hoped that its French counterparts in the National Front will take a look at what’s happening across the English Channel, reunite their party under the leadership of Jean-Marie Le Pen, and again march forward as a united force to win France back for the French, just as the BNP is working to take Britain back for the British.
Mark Cotterill, Falls Church, Virginia
This article was first published in The Spotlight 300 Independence Avenue, SE, Washington, DC 20003
BBVT
B0ERITAGE Sc HeSTINY
-5-
Sumraer 1999
THE FimiRE OF BRITISH NATIONALISM A statement from the Notional Chairman and the BNP Advisory Council
SINCE the early summer, the BNP leadership in general, and National Chairman Nick Griffin in particular, have faced a concerted campaign of smear and character assassination. It was suspected then, and i& clear now, that this attempted destabilisation campaign was intended not only todiscredit the individuals under attack, but also to undermine faith in the constitution and the financial viability of the party as the most effective means of attacking the BNP as a whole.
The bad faith of the small clique behind all this is evidenced by them rejecting the olive branch offered by the leadership in reinstating members expelled for theirrole in the troublemaking. The agitators have continued trying to stir up dissension with a whole string of petty and dishonest circulars, and have not altered their six-month-old refusal to do a stroke of constructive work for the BNP.
Furthermore, the key figures in this summer’s attacks on the BNP leadership are now openly demanding what they have spoken of privately for months: A split in the BNP to form a new party. Havingfailed to hijack the party from within, they are now planning tocreate arival, likely to be called the Freedom Party, to try to disrupt our efforts from without, commencing with a meeting to that effect later this month.
In the face of recent official admissions that white people in this country are on course to become minority in our own homeland within a lifetime, we regard any moves to divide our party as either unforgivable selfishness and stupidity or deliberate subversion by the opponents of white survival.
Accordingly, we the undersigned:
URGE all members and supporters to stand firm with us in remaining loyal to the BNP;
WARN all members to treat the factional circulars that are almost certain to circulate on stolen membership lists with the contempt they deserve;
KNOW that any ‘new party’ launched by malcontents with a track record of disrupting a whole
succession of nationalist groups, and by a tiny group of ultra-Tories who have never had the vision or courage to be active nationalists, will be short-lived, especially as it is going to adopt the system of committee rule that has repeatedly led the nationalist movement into a blind alley of factionalism and division.
RESOLVE to continue the work that has led to the significant progress made by the BNP throughout the last year. There is still much to be done, but this party remains the only realistic I vehicle for nationalist victory. This is why the opponents of British freedom and white survival 1 are so hostile to the BNP and why we, like you, are determined to make 2001 the best year yet ] for the British National Party.
NICKGRIFFIN (National Chairman)
The Advisory Council:
SCOTT McLEAN (Deputy Chairman/Scotland Organiser); JOHN BR AYSHA W (National | Treasurer/Y orks Regional prganiser); TONY LECOMBER (Director of Group Development); CHRIS GREEN (General Secretary); PAUL GOLDING (Directorof Publicity); SIMON DARBY (Directorof InformationTechnology/W. Mids Regional Organiser); Dr.STUART RUSSELL (National Press Officer); STEVE BELSHAW (Freedom Books/E. Mids Regional Organiser); WARREN BENNETT (National Chief Steward); CHRIS JACKSON (North West Regional Organiser);BRUCECOWD(SouthWestRegionalOrganiser);ALANMOORE (Ulster Organiser)
Tony MacDonnell (Leeds Organiser); Kevin Scott (North EastRegional Organiser); ColinSmith (S. E. London Regional Organiser); Dave Cadman (Leicester & Rutland Organiser); Bill Fitt (Norwich Organiser); Dave Hill (EastEnd [London] Organiser); Steve Cartwright(Renfrewshire Organiser); Ian Edwards (N. W. London Organiser); Bob Gertner (Organiser, Instant Response Group); Keith Boyall (Tamworth Organiser); RichardBrook (Lewisham & Bromley Organiser); Barnaby Ore (Epping Organiser/Film Unit); Calvin Richards (Nottingham Organiser); John Cope (Enfield & E. Herts Organiser); Inge Malcomson (Hants Organiser); Lee Windridge (Birmingham); Deryk Smith (Glasgow Organiser/Scottish Press Officer); Jean Tliomas (Secretary, Trafalgar Club/National Inquiry Office); Frank Forte (platform speaker); Mark Cotterill (Chairman, American Friends of the BNP); Mark Wilson (Chairman, Australian Friends of Europe). This is not an exhaustive list, being only those key officials we were able to contact in the short time available.