December 2003/January 2004
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Fora Nation of Americana
Mexico Pushes Matricula on America
The Mexican government continues to push acceptance of its matricula consular ID card on American states and communities. This fall, Tacoma, Washington, joined the list of American cities that recognize the matricula. The card is only of use to illegal aliens, and its acceptance by American jurisdictions and institutions makes it easier for Mexican illegals to live in the United States.
Juan Hernandez, head of Mexico’s Ministry of Mexicans Living Abroad, admitted to Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO) that his government has an agenda in promoting legalization of Mexican illegal aliens in the United States. Said Hernandez, a good friend of Mexican president Vicente Fox, “By populating the United States with millions of Hispanics who are tied economically, politically and linguistically to Mexico, we are able to exert enormous influence and pressure on U.S. policy and its dealings with Mexico.” (Worldnetdaily, August 3, 2003, ‘Cult of Multiculturalism vs. U.S. Sovereignty7 by Paula Kaufman).
The matricula, however, has run into resistance. Colorado banned it as an official document last spring. “Given the world situation today,” said Gov. Bill Owens, “it is more important than ever to have forms of identification that are as secure and verifiable as possible. With the many resources at their disposal, federal and state agencies are best suited for issuing such documents.” Both the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security say that the matricula is not reliable as identification.
A growing number of Americans are mobilizing to stop adoption of the matricula or repeal its usage. In some
Citizens protest matricula card in front of Mexican consulate in Raleigh, North Carolina.
cases they have staged public protests. One took place on the second anniversary of 9/11 in Raleigh, North Carolina. There citizens picketed the Mexican consulate. Many passing motorists shouted and gestured in approval.
During this peaceful and legal protest, an individual walking from the consulate began taking photographs of the demonstrators. They viewed it as an intimidation tactic by a foreign government against American citizens exercising their constitutional rights on American soil.
The Day Lady Liberty Turned her Back
By John Holmee
On October 3, 2003,1 stood in Liberty State Park in New Jersey and saw the Statue of Liberty up close for the first time. 1 could not see her front, as her back was
In This issue	
Editor’s View 					Page 2
Immigration Now*	Page 3
W&ahijigton Hoport 					Page 6
IaU*/2 to tha 	rt-r-Tf-	Page 7
turned away from the park, and there in front of me was a Mexican flag waving in the breeze where the American flag should have been.
What I saw all around me was something like a bad dream. Assembling in the park were thousands of illegal aliens who had arrived from different parts of the country to tell Americans how we should run our country. They called their trip the “Freedom Ride" to cash in on the memory of black Americans who demanded their rights as citizens forty years ago. These invaders of our
Continued on Pane 4
Earn Respect, or Lose It
A basic reality of human nature is that respect must be earned. It certainly applies to immigration. Americans generally respect foreigners who wish to settle here and make the effort to embrace our values and way of life. Implicit in this understanding is that they must not come in numbers that will overwhelm and change those characteristics of our country.
But as we respect newcomers, we must insist that they respect us. If we do not require them to obey our laws and conform to our standards, we will earn nothing other than their contempt. Unfortunately, a great many Americans prefer sentimentality to reality. They believe that requiring anything of would-be immigrants is “mean-spirited” and “racist”—as well as a lot of other politically incorrect things.
These people seem to enjoy a warm inner glow (along with monetary and political gains) as they extend a welcome to all comers, including an endless procession of illegal aliens whom they seek to reward with amnesty (legal residence) from time to time.
Such permissive generosity, they believe, will bring gratitude from the newcomers and make us all a big happy family. The illegal entrants, they gently intone, are only coming here for a “better life.” Ironically, in many respects, they acquire a better life than a lot of Americans. They get free medical care, subsidized housing, freedom to disregard our housing codes, untaxed salaries paid under the table, and lax enforcement of laws which are supposed to keep them from voting and getting welfare.
But has this “better life” inspired gratitude or respect? Not at all. Illegal aliens are becoming ever more militant in making demands. In October thousands publicly gathered in the New York City area to call for more amnesties and other “rights.” The Spanish language media reflects this growing sense of entitlement and militancy among illegal aliens and their advocates.
An example was a recent article in Mundo Hispanico in Georgia by “lawyer and activist” Homero Leon. He bitterly complained that Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue had not appointed anyone of Mexican descent to the state Hispanic Commission. Although people of other Latin American backgrounds were on the Commission, Leon charged Perdue with “racism.” He went on to say that the governor was elected by “rednecks.” According to Webster’s, redneck is a
Immigration Watch is published by Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation,
“usually disparaging” term for white rural Southerners.
Leon claimed that “undocumented” [i.e., illegal] aliens in Georgia have no rights, even though they are “hardworking.” He then observed, “What documents did the European[s] . . . have when they stole this land from the Native Americans,	Editor
brown skin people . ..
much like many of the Mexicans. . . ?” He concluded, “And as God as my witness, I assure that the Latino vote, together with the African American vote, will Anally end the power of. .. [t]hese racists.”
Clearly Mr. Leon holds America in contempt. He’s a lawyer promoting lawlessness who hopes to divide citizens against each other and push a racial agenda. Americans have every right to resent his scorn, but in all honesty too many Americans have earned it—and it’s not just the seekers of cheap sentiments, cheap labor and cheap votes. Polls show that most Americans want immigration reform, but relatively few are willing to make even the slightest effort on its behalf.
As a consequence, politicians are not feeling enough pressure to do anything significant about reforming immigration policy. Nor do they feel enough public outrage even to enforce laws now on the books! If the truth be known, some of these politicians (especially those who gain from immigration) have little more respect for reform-minded Americans than Mr. Leon and his ilk.
Earning respect requires action. Reformers must organize to apply steady pressure on Washington while awakening their fellow citizens. Sacrifices will
Continued on Page 4
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies or $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC • PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465 Phone: 540-468-2023 Website: www.immlgrationcontrol.com
Page 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
December 2003/Jamiarv 2004
WK GOING IBM W COUNTRY AND MAKE YOU ACCEPT OUR WAYS/
0V, WHY CERTAINLY... AFTER ALL, M'RE A NATION OF IMMIGRANT'S.
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
THE AMERICAN LEGION IN 2003 adopted three strong resolutions for immigration reform. Resolution 48, approved by the Legion’s Executive Committee, calls for a lower level of legal immigration “[to] help provide the quality of life most Americans desire” and promote assimilation of immigrants “into the culture and life stream of the United States of America.”
On the topic of illegal immigration, the executive committee passed Resolution 42 which advocated 1) allocation of funds to ensure secure borders 2) “heavy penalties for employers who knowingly hire illegal aliens” 3) denial of public assistance to illegal aliens 4) no extension of amnesty for illegals. Affirming the committee’s position. Bob Caudell, assistant director of the Legion’s Americanism and Children & Youth Division stated, “The American Legion is deeply concerned at the ever-increasing numbers of illegal immigrants entering our nation.”
The executive committee also condemned acceptance in the United States of Mexico’s matricula consular ID card with Resolution 46 which noted that, ’The obvious objective of the effort to obtain universal acceptance of the matricula consular cards is to establish quasi-legal status for Mexican illegals in t he United States.,.. The
statement resolved, “The American Legion encourages the Congress of the United States and state legislatures to adopt legislation to invalidate the matricula consular card as a legal form of identification.”
CONGRESS ON SEPTEMBER 30th allowed the H-1B program to go down from 195,000 visas annually to 65,000 per year. Lobbying for the reduction were American high-tech workers who charge that the program encourages U.S. companies to hire foreigners instead of Americans. The companies have claimed that they could not find enough qualified Americans to fill their positions.
U.S. high-tech workers say that the H-lB quota should come down more, citing their current high levels of unemployment. Howard Rubin, the Clinton administration’s technology advisor, told Information Week, "We don’t need H-lBs anymore. We can replenish staff from our own population."
Congressman 'Pom Tancredo (R-CO) has introduced legislation to end the H IB program. According to Ela Dutt, a reporter for the Indo-Asian News Service, President Bush “vehemently” opposed Tancredo’s position at “a private reception by eight Indian Americans in Jack-
Continued on Page 5 Page 3
December 2003/Jmhumry 2004
IMMIGRATION WA IT II
Lady Liberty—Continued from page 1
freedom Ride vendor flies Mexican flag on top.
country were trying to pose as law-abiding immigrants. Well in a very symbolic way. Lady Liberty indicated otherwise, as she faced away from people who demanded rights while holding our laws and citizenship in contempt.
The promoters of the event did as much as they could to make it appear innocent and even somewhat patriotic. After all there was an American flag flying on the stage where a Mariachi band was playing. Because the Democrat governor of New Jersey, James McGreevey, welcomed the crowd and led them in the Pledge of Allegiance, it must have been OK, right? Hundreds of police were there, not to arrest the assembled lawbreakers, but to maintain order—and to keep out the American counter-protestors who wanted to exercise their right of free speech on public property paid for by their taxes.
Who was the primary sponsor of this outrage? Was it one of the illegal alien advocacy organizations so well endowed with public and corporate money? To be sure, they played their parts, but the biggest booster was the APL-CIO. Funny, for all these years I thought the unions were there to protect American workers (American citizens). I guess I was wrong, as speaker after speaker got up to praise these brave souls.
Advocates from other organizations and institutions spoke too. One from the Catholic Church praised the rally and its purposes. The ethics of promoting anarchy didn’t seem to trouble him. A speaker from the NAACP also offered words of support, even though illegals are taking jobs from black Americans. The meaning of civil rights, that is rights belonging to American citizens,
Respect- —Continued from Page 2
be necessary. Not everyone, of course, has the time or talent to be a front line activist. But at the very least, every reformer should contact his senators and House member in Washington on a regular basis.
“No more amnesties for illegal aliens" is a message they need to keep hearing. One of the latest amnesty proposals to rear its head is B. 1646 which would legalize as many as 600,000 illegals under the guise of
Colombians with flags march into rally site in Queens.
evidently escaped this gentleman.
Most interesting was listening to the venom a number of speakers spewed against the Republican Party, to the apparent agreement of the audience. Some Republican strategists, most notably presidential advisor Karl Rove, are advocating amnesty and other pandering to illegal aliens to win their support. These strategists need another strategy, to say the least.
Media bias was much in evidence. The news crews presented a sanitized version of the event with cameras focused on a couple of people waving the American flags handed to them by union organizers. They were careful not to show the many Mexican flags and the banners of other countries waving in the breeze.
The next day the rally crowd assembled at Flushing Meadows Park in Queens, New York, where they dropped all pretense of loyalty toward our country. Wave after wave of protestors marched into the park with their flags (mostly Mexican). The spectacle was frightening to witness. It was very military-like with whistles blowing, with each wave being led in by their handlers. I had seen communist groups use the same tactics many years before in California.
Interestingly, on the grounds, there was a booth with a sign in Spanish representing New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer. Does the top law enforcement officer in the state condone assemblies of people who admit they break the law?
Throughout the grounds were representatives of various radical-left organizations pushing literature which
Continued on Page 5
a “guestworker” program. Inform them that genuine guests go home. The companion bill in the House is II K. <1142. To reach your senators and House member cull the Capitol Hill switchboard at (202) 224-3121.
Do a lot, or do a little, but at least do something. Citizens who neglect the demands of citizenship will betaine second class citizens and the objects of contumpt.
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
December 2003/January 2004
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of
200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastem University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador, 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of285 million will rise to 420 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
NcWS Briefs—Continued from Page 3
son, Mississippi.” The reception, also attended by presidential advisor Karl Rove, raised $1.2 million for the campaign of Mississippi GOP gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour.
One of the Indian Americans, immigration lawyer Paresh Shah, said, “Judging from the president’s strong negative reaction to the Tancredo bill, it’s apparent that the president understands that the current unemployment situation in the U.S. is not due to H-1B visa holders taking American jobs.” Currently, close to half of the 900,000 H-IB employees in the U.S. are from India.
FREEREPUBL1C.COM REPORTED ON THE EMPLOYMENT PROBLEM faced by American high-tech worker Daniel Soong. He has been out of work since January 2002 when Chevron Texaco outsourced his job to India.
Said FreeRepublic writer Ben Worthen, “[L]ike millions of other Americans he can’t find work in [his field]. Soong doesn’t see his situation improving anytime soon, and you can hear the despair in his voice. There’s no sense of hope,’ he says, ‘No hope for college graduates, no hope for people looking for a job, no hope for any of us/”
Seeking out all possibilities for work, Soong sent his resume to high-tech comp' lies in India and offered to
relocate there. Indian officials informed him that it is unlawful for their companies to hire Americans.
SENATOR ROBERT BYRD (D-WV) OFFERED AN AMENDMENT to add 1,300 Customs inspectors to help secure our borders. The amendment proposed an expenditure of $125 million.
The Bush administration opposed the measure, saying that it was “too expensive.” That same day, reported syndicated columnist Paul Craig Roberts, “President Bush made an ‘emergency request’ for $150 million to pay for “border inspections personnel’ on Iraq’s borders.”
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO), HEAD OF THE HOUSE IMMIGRATION REFORM CAUCUS, told a luncheon gathering that mass immigration (legal and illegal)—along with multiculturalism—are “the greatest dangers this country has ever faced.”
A great obstacle to reform, he maintained, is that many congressmen believe that market forces have made secure national borders obsolete. They have the backing of multinational corporations which share a similar view. Despite the ideological gloss of globalism, said Tancredo, what it all comes down to is that these businesses want cheap labor above all else. Definitely not benefiting are average American taxpayers who suffer “enormous” costs because of immigration.
Liberty —Continued from Page 4
called for destruction of our form of government and our economic system. The website of the “Freedom Ride” had no reluctance to hide tl e most radical groups on its official list of endorsements
Among them were the C< .nmunist Party USA; Center for Marxist Education (Its website features Rednet News “Your source of worldwide news from a Communist Perspective); Workers' World Party (Its website, with a red star at the top of the main page, calls for the overthrow of capitalism); the National Lawyers’ Guild (an organization well known for its radical-left legal
December 2003/Jaauary 2004
work); and MEChA, a group active on campuses which calls for a Hispanic homeland (Aztlan) made up of our southwestern states.
The radical left clearly has a strong influence in the movement to promote and legitimize illegal immigration. A good source of information on its involvement is William Hawkins’book Importing Revolution. Hawkins documents how the radicals hope to use unassimilated immigrants, legal and illegal, as a battering ram to advance their agendas.
Continued on Page 8 PageS
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Washington Report
The Dangerous and Illogical Sentimentality of Immigrationists
The ouster of California Governor Gray Davis is proof that occasionally the voters become so incensed by a politician's incompetence or malfeasance that they take appropriate action. Good judgement prevailed in the recall of Davis; unfortunately, good judgement did NOT prevail with the election of Arnold Schwarzenegger as his replacement.
Although California's financial crisis was the primary reason for Davis’ recall, Schwarzenegger, in his first post-victory press conference, failed to identify costly public services for illegal aliens as the primary’ cause of California’s huge budget deficit. Instead he mumbled some nonsense about wanting to enable “immigrants without papers” to be legalized! (“Immigrants without papers” and “undocumented immigrants” are two examples of immigrationist double-talk used to identify illegal aliens.)
If Arnold “the Terminator” Schwarzenegger cannot or will not identify the major cause of California’s financial problems, then he will never be able to solve the problem, and the voters of California will terminate him just as they terminated Davis.
Aliens who break the law to enter the United States should never be rewarded with temporary work permits, permanent residence status and/or citizenship. Inevitably, amnesties of illegal aliens encourage millions more aliens to enter America illegally with the expectation of being amnestied in the future.
Many such lawbreakers, consciously or unconsciously, seem to believe that the success of their illegal entry into America enables them to break other laws without detection, like the hundreds of thousands of illegals who fraudulently receive welfare. This lawlessness then begins to permeate our society just as it has permeated the body politic of Mexico and other Third World countries. (Indeed, America has plenty of native-born criminals—we certainly do not need, nor would benefit from, the importation of alien criminals!)
Although the tens of billions of dollars wasted annually in welfare fraud is a monumental problem, it is but one of the destructive activities caused by alien criminals. On July 8th, federal authorities announced that their “Operation Predator" had smashed an international ring of child sex criminals and pornographers in every state and most major U.8. cities—resulting in 1000 arrests. The director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement said that the arrests during the first week of July took place in
South Florida (Dade,
Broward and Palm Beach counties) where 56 aliens who had previously been convicted of sex crimes involving children were apprehended.
It defies logic and reason to argue that aliens who are illegally in America should be rewarded by legalizing their status and by allowing them to obtain by Robert H. Goldsborougb driver’s licenses. However,	President,	AIC
a Maryland paper on
October 9th reported that the attorney general of Maryland, J. Michael Curran [a liberal Democrat], expressed his opinion that “a person’s inability to establish lawful presence in the United States is not a basis for denying that person a driver’s license.”
Maryland’s chief law enforcement officer Curran should sit down with Megan and Tom Cumpston and try to justify his views to them. Last spring, as the Cumpston family was leaving the circus in downtown Baltimore, their six-year-old daughter Annie was killed by a truck that veered into the crosswalk and smashed her into another car. The driver of the truck quickly backed up and sped away. Fortunately, witnesses were able to provide police with the hit and run truck’s tag number which led to the arrest of Guillermo Diaz-Lopez, an illegal immigrant from Mexico who had been living in a Baltimore suburb for several years doing construction work. Diaz-Lopez was charged with vehicular manslaughter, leaving the scene of a fatal accident, driving under the influence, and attempted first-degree murder because he also dragged a man who attempted to stop him.
It is hard to believe, but in October, Diaz-Lopez plea-bargained and received a sentence of 10 years in prison (the maximum allowed for vehicular manslaughter) and five years for leaving the scene of a fatal accident. The terms are to be served concurrently which means that Diaz-Lopez will be up for pardon in two-and-a-hs If years. Annie’s family, however, is haunted with a life sentence of grief.
Would possession of a driver’s license have prevented the death of the Cumpston’s daughter? No! But deportation would have!
Continued on Page S
December 2003/January 2004
Page 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
r
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
Thank you for saying what needs to be said and exposing the truth about the woeful state of our immigration policies. 1 really had no idea the extent of our problems until 1 read Immigration Watch. 1 figured this is the case with most Americans due to the misinformation of our liberal media. For this reason, I would like to encourage your subscribers to join me in getting the word out.
I buy bulk quantities of your newsletter to keep in my car. Every coffee shop, laundry mat and grocery store bulletin board get copies! Let’s do our part to inform our friends and neighbors.
L.R.
Hartford, WI
Dear Editor:
Thank you—Thank you—Thank you! I am so glad someone is intelligent enough to try and stop the overflow of immigrants into our country! We were in the local mall recently and suddenly my husband turns to me and asks, “What country are we in?” We were outnumbered by such a staggering percentage until we felt like the aliens!
Also, as the owners of a construction business which until the past couple of years has been extremely profitable for us, we have reached the point of being financially devastated by the influx of immigrants from Mexico. They pay no taxes and carry no insurance, and we simply can’t compete with the prices they offer homeowners because we do have overhead, i.e., taxes, insurance, etc.
If there is anything we can do to help in this cause, we will be more than happy to do so. I have forwarded your site address to everyone I know and have asked them to do the same!
Thank you—Thank you—Thank you!
W. D.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I am a refugee who came here to Minnesota as a persecuted Christian. To my surprise, I found that the persecutors who burned our church have also come here in large numbers as fake refugees. So unfortunately, 1 live again in fear in this last frontier of freedom and democracy.
Before I came 1 was afraid only for myself and my church community, but now I’m afraid also for those who hosted me and other Americans. My message is: Please be careful who you admit into your home. I cun see the sleeping eye of people, even after the wake-up call of 0/11 tragedy.
D.B
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I was a happy, pretty busy carpenter/tradesman who was making a pretty good living. But those days are behind me now, and when I have work it’s well below what I made in the early 90s. In fact, if you were lucky enough to even get on a job-site, you will find as I have that the majority of men working are Latino. Sure there are a few American carpenters and electricians, but their helpers are Latino. The cement masons are all mostly Latino now.
The plumbers are Americans, but their helpers are Latino, and as time moves on those very helpers will take over. Just figure. They watch your every move, knowing every place you went to get materials, knowing every aspect of your business and who your customers are. The very tools you gave those guys to work with they’ll use on side jobs they knew were going to be your next jobs.
So my job prospects don’t look good today, even with all the tools I own, my truck, my insurance—and all the years I put in learning the trades. Now when I take what I have earned and drive to the store to do some food shopping, I have to stand before a cashier who can’t speak a word I can understand. But I do recognize some words from some of the immigrants with shopping carts behind me, words such as “gringo.” I leave, trying to control my anger, and then it dawns on me. How did so many of these people learn to come to my town? Who told them? How did they know to come to Danbury, Connecticut?
And then there was the time I got hurt and had to go to the emergency room because I cut myself pretty badly on the circular saw. But the very first moment I walked in the hospital, there were wall-to-wall Latinos everywhere, from screaming babies to landscapers wearing wet grassy green work boots. They were checking me out as if I didn’t belong there. What happened to my America? Where can I go ... to go home?
M.D.
Danbury, CT
Dear Editor:
I thought as much. I’m very aware of the immigration problem in my state because of my job. I work for the local Cable TV company selling service, and 1 have seen a marked increase over the last year-and-a-half of Spanish speaking subscribers who refuse to speak English or give any information about themselves. They are often openly hostile towards English speakers who tell them they must be called back if they wish to be helped in Spanish. They understand English, but refuse to communicate with us, ucting like their sheer numbers justify their demand to have services in their Ian-
i>eu-inl)t r 2001/January 2004
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page S Page 7
If the Department of Homeland Security’s Immigration and Customs Enforcement division would enforce the law requiring the deportation of illegal aliens and deport merely 100,000 or 200,000 en masse, then perhaps the remaining nine million would get the message and leave on their own, rather than risk deportation which would prevent their legal return. The millions of aliens plotting and planning to enter illegally would also get the message and perhaps wait their turn to enter America legally.
Only enforcement of the law—not amnesty—will stop the flood of aliens illegally coming to America.
And yet, some of our elected representatives seem incapable of such logical reasoning.
On September 23, 2003, Senators Larry Craig (R-ID) and Ted Kennedy (D MA) introduced S. 1645 as Representatives Chris Connon (R UT) and Howard Berman (D-CA) introduced H.R. 3142. These two bills are farm worker amnesty bills. Yes, you read that correctly—farm worker amnesty bills. As illogical as it
LcttCV$—Continued from Page 7
guage. It’s becoming frightening these number of calls in a day we sometimes get. Of course it’s anecdotal evidence, but I have a feeling the trend will increase until it becomes a serious issue.
Tm glad that there are people out there besides me that question the pragmatism of the current immigration laws. I hate the idea that I’d be completely alone while being called everything from bigot to xenophobe just because I don’t think these people should have such accommodations made for them, or that those who are here illegally should be allowed to stay here without proper documentation. Good luck and please keep me informed.
D. B.
Huntington, NY
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
is, these two companion bills will give yet another amnesty to illegal aliens.
It is critically important that you contact your congressman and senators and insist that they vote against these—and any other amnesty—bills.
To reach your Congressmen: call the U.S. Capitol switchboard 1-202-224-3121 and ask for your Representative’s office; or write to Your Representative, House of Representatives, Washington D.C. 20515; Senators, U.S. Senate, Washington D.C. 20510.
Liberty—Continued from Page 5
From the two days I covered the rallies of the so-called “Freedom Ride” I came away shaken. Bit by bit, our country is being taken from us, and many Americans do not have a clue as to what’s happening. They have no idea that politicians and institutions they trust are betraying them. Wake up, Americans, before it’s too late.
John Holmes is an AIC correspondent and a longtime immigration reform activist.
THE IMPROPER USE OF PUBLIC FUNDS
by Joesph Fallon
This booklet details how at least 171 nonprofit immigration advocacy groups receive taxpayers’ money to further their agendas. It points out how this public subsidy for private agendas is unconstitutional.
Order your copy today ($4.00) from:
AIC Foundation PO Box 525, Monterey, VA 24465
*Please make check payable to: AIC Foundation *
AIC
John Vinson, Editor, Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
Dear IMMIGRATION WATCH Reader,
Please don't delay: Complete and return the enclosed Emergency Survey: Should YOUR Tax Dollars Fund the Fight for MORE Immigration?
This sounds like a common sense question: Of course you shouldn’t be forced to bankroll groups that fight for even higher levels of immigration. But as you’ll read in the latest issue of IMMIGRATION WATCH, right now you are funding the crusade for more immigration.
Research by Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) reveals that proimmigration groups scored almost $300 million in taxpayer-funded federal grants in just a four-year period. Here are some examples of your tax dollars at work...
■	The National Council of La Raza (the Race) snagged a $3 million federal grant, while the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) raked in $2.9 million in subsidies.
■	One group in Chicago, Travelers & Immigrants Aid, banked almost $14 million in federal funding.
■	U.S. taxpayers forked over more than $20 million in taxpayer-financed grants to a group that calls itself La Cooperativa Campesina de California. (They love our tax dollars, but they don’t like our language!)
The millions of dollars taxpayers are forced to give to pro-immigration groups each year is in addition to the staggering annual costs of mass immigration: $7.4 billion for the education of illegal alien kids, $26 billion in Social Security benefits immigrants rake in each year, and $20 billion for Medicare and Medicaid benefits. All paid for by you the taxpayer.
that's the problem. Most Americans don't know that the mass immigration lobby survives thanks to taxpayer funding... because I can’t think of a single “mainstream” news outlet that is reporting this story.
You and I know the drill: The news media elites think it is “politically incorrect” to question the mass immigration lobby or the disastrous impact of unsecured borders.
So the media big shots keep quiet... pro-immigration militants are laughing all the way to the bank... and you are forced to foot the bill.
As you’ll see in the latest Immigration Watch, AIC is taking on the mass immigration lobby and exposing its addiction to taxpayer funding. And we’re not afraid to take this issue straight to Congress and demand the politicians STOP this shakedown of taxpayers like you.
But to make a truly compelling case against taxpayer subsidies for the mass immigration
I say this should be a scandal — and it is to any taxpayer who knows about it. But
(over, please...)
7Jlt Main Sued * Monterey, Virgin!* 2446S • (540) 46H-202J • www.tmiiiigriitloncontrol.com
lobby, we must have clear, documented proof that taxpayers like you who are getting ripped off by this pro-immigration racket want it to end — NOW.
So please — today — complete and return the enclosed Emergency Survey. And please include an emergency contribution of $15, $25, $50 or more so we can expose the pro-tetiigradop grou^^it |re feeding at the federal trough and end this abuse of vour tax dollars.
Remember: AIC cannot take action without your immediate input AND your emergency contribution. Unlike the mass immigration lobby, we do not receive taxpayer-funded government grants to promote our pro-America agenda. We depend solely on the generous contributions of individual American citizens like you.
Without solid public backing of this campaign, AIC cannot...
■	Alert American citizens to what the news media refuse to report: That YOUR tax dollars are bankrolling those who support uncontrolled immigration — including welfare benefits that encourage even MORE immigration.
■	Give the politicians in Washington proof that Americans like you demand an end to the taxpayer-funded enrichment of mass immigration advocates.
■	Use this blatant abuse of your tax dollars to remind lawmakers and the American public of the other staggering costs of mass immigration — the billions in health care subsidies and welfare handouts taxpayers like you are forced to pay for each and year.
Please don’t delay. Every minute we wait is more time for the mass immigration lobby to pocket even more of your tax dollars. Here’s what I need you to do right now:
>* Complete the enclosed Emergency Survey and return it to me TODAY.
>* Include with your Survey the most generous contribution you can spare to help us STOP the mass immigration lobby’s rip-off of U.S. taxpayers.
Thank you for your leadership on this critical matter.
Sincerely,
John Vinson, Editor
PS. AIC must work to break this scandal wide open and alert elected officials and taxpayers to the FACTS reported in the latest issue of Immigration Watch: The mass immigration lobby is pushing its agenda with the help of hundreds of millions of dollars in taxpayer funding. Please — TODAY — complete and return your Emergency Survey: Should YOUR Thx Dollars Fund the Fight for MOKE Immigration? And please include a generous contribution to help AIC STOP the mass immigration lobby that is cashing in on your tax dollars. Thank you.
<	Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
Emergency Survey: Should YOUR Tax Dollars Fund the Fight for MORE Immigration?
Assigned to AIC Member:	Tabulation	I.D. Number:
01398844 B3BX02
AIC’s IMMIGRATION WATCH has exposed the taxpayer-funded grants given to groups that lobby for the unchecked immigration that costs taxpayers billions of dollars each year. The costs keep piling up.
1.	According to the latest numbers, the mass immigration lobby raked in almost $300 million in taxpayer funding over just a five-year period. Do you believe YOUR tax dollars should be to fund the fight for MORE unchecked immigration?
□	Yes	□ No	□ Not sure
2.	The tax dollars given to pro-immigration forces allows these groups to push for higher levels of unchecked immigration and amnesties for illegal aliens. Do you actually support these measures that YOU are forced to help promote with YOUR tax dollars?
□	Yes	□ No	□ Not sure
3.	In addition to the funding taxpayers are forced to give to pro-immigration groups, billions of tax dollars are used each year to pay for health care subsidies and welfare handouts of legal and illegal immigrants. Do you support the use of your tax dollars to fund record levels of mass immigration?
□	Yes	□ No	□ Not sure
4.	AIC is the largest citizen group leading a nationwide campaign to fully investigate and STOP the use of YOUR tax dollars to fund the fight for MORE mass immigration. Unlike the pro-immigration forces, AIC does not receive a penny of federal funding to help with this effort. Will you please support the work of AIC and IMMIGRATION WATCH with an emergency contribution today?
Q YES! Enclosed is my contribution of:
□ $15	□	$25	Q	$50	□	$100	□ Other $_____________
Please make your check payable to AIC and return it along with this survey in the envelope provided to: P.O. Box 738 • Monterey, VA 244654)738.
If you wish to contribute via credit card, please complete the information on the back of this form.
AIC will use your contribution to help move Congress to action to STOP illegal and uncontrolled immigration. Contributions to citizen advocacy groups such as Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated are not tax-deductible.