ne/July 2001
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
AIC Launches National Media Campaign
American Immigration Control, in conjunction with other national immigration control groups, has begun a nationwide media campaign to raise awareness of America's immigration crisis and encourage citizens to express their views on this issue to public officials. The first phase of the campaign ran through April and May, focusing on metropolitan areas in the following states: Iowa, Kansas, Arkansas, Tennessee, and North Carolina. The campaign employed television, radio, and newspaper advertising.
This first phase called public attention to proposals to relax U.S. control of its southern border and offer either an amnesty (permanent residence) for Mexican illegal aliens, or a “guest worker” program to allow more Mexicans to work in the U.S. on a temporary basis. The advertisements urged Americans to call President Bush and ask him to oppose these plans.
AIC and the other groups maintain that a guest worker program, in all probability, would become an amnesty, judging from the results of other programs permitting “temporary” residence of foreigners. At present the Immigration and Naturalization Service lacks the manpower and resources to enforce compliance with guest worker provisions. Also a concern is that children of guest workers born here would be citizens, under the current interpretation of the 14* Amendment. It seems unlikely, to many observers, that they—or their parents—would be compelled to leave for Mexico.
Illegal aliens apply for 1986 amnesty. A new amnesty may come in the form of a guest worker program. (AP/Wide World)
The April/May campaign urged viewers and listeners to consider, with unemployment increasing, the negative impact of large numbers of foreign workers on American wages and job opportunities. New phases of the campaign this year will continue to stress this theme.
European and U.S. Elites Betray Their Countries
By Sam Francis
Late last year. New York Times reporter Roger Cohen donated a little present to the literate world in the form of a longish essay in the paper’s “Week in Review” section about Europe’s immigration problem. The problem, in Cohen’s eyes, is not that Europe has immigrants, but that it’s now becoming difficult for Europe to have as many immigrants as its elites would like without igniting political backlashes that might endanger the elites themselves.
The same problem, of course, exists in the United States, but here, elites that want an apparently endless stream of
InThisIwuc	
Editor’s View 								Bag02
ifiunigratknNewsbnsfit							Pages
Wasiurghxi Report. 							Page6
JjutLans to the Editor								Page7
immigrants—big business elites for cheap labor and political elites for cheap votes—have conspired to smother the immigration problem by simply shutting up about it. Immigration was not on the menu in last year’s election because neither party would put it there.
But in Europe, that kind of smothering is not always so easy because under the proportional representation political system that most European democracies enjoy, third-party challenges are more feasible than in the United States. Hence, populist resistance to mass immigration can gain votes more easily, and in fact has done so in several countries-—France, Germany, Belgium, Austria, Denmark—and promises to gain even more in these and other nations soon; hence, also, the “problem” Cohen spies.
Cohen just can’t understand it. It’s so obvious that Europe needs more immigrants because the populations of the European nations are in decline. Not one of them to-
Continued on Page 8
Big Brother Tells Big Lies
Let George do it, if you’re a patriotic American who’s trying to understand the barrage of verbal abuse often directed against those who even mildly criticize mass immigration. Yes, let him explain it.
The George in question is George Orwell, the British writer well known for his analysis of tyranny, 1984. In this work Orwell specifically outlines the tactics of propaganda that tyrants use to subjugate and control populations. Some of the tactics almost seem so obvious that one would think that anyone could see through them. But Orwell, while observing the Spanish Civil War, saw the effectiveness of these tactics firsthand when employed by Communist activists during that conflict.
The basic principle of this kind of propaganda is to distort reality through the manipulation of language. That is done by the use of reality-distorting slogans which serve the propagandists’ purposes, and endless repetitions of those slogans. Some have called this the “Big Lie” technique. The rationale is that while people are used to detecting small lies, it is hard for them to imagine that anyone would try to get away with telling them big lies over and over again. A scientific basis for the “Big Lie” came from the experiments of Russian scientist Ivan Pavlov who conditioned the behavior of dogs with repeated stimuli. Soviet propagandists reasoned that what could be done to dogs also could be done to people.
In 1984, the supreme dictator, Big Brother, controls the population through the following types of slogans: “war is peace, freedom is slavery, and love is hate.” Thus reality is twisted for Big Brother’s purposes.
The same applies when Americans try to discuss immigration. The simple reality, confirmed abundantly by common sense, is that today’s mass immigration will eventually lead to a divided, impoverished, overcrowded America, a replica of the Third World countries now sending us their excess populations. This reality is a problem for the various interests pushing mass immigration, so they resort to the tactics outlined by Orwell.
The division we face, they lie, is really not division but “diversify." And their controlled media endlessly repeat, “Diversity is our strength.” Of course this is a very big lie, but then again for the purpose of propaganda, the bigger the better. But not everyone buys this lie. Particularly tough skeptics are those people traditionally known as patriots who wish to preserve what America
Immigration Watch is published by American Immigration Control, Nonprofit Corporation, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed In signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
Page 2
by John C. Vinson Editor
has been. To deal with them, the propagandists proclaim that love (of country) is hate. Thus, they often defame immigration control advocates as “haters” in general and “racists” in particular.
This twisted use of the concept of racism, and indeed the word itself, may also have a Soviet origin, as noted by former New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in his book Loyalties. “[T]he Soviets,”
wrote Moynihan, “used ‘racist’ as an epithet” toward nationalities in their empire which tried to defend their traditional cultures against Soviet rule. Similarly, an American who speaks for his heritage against excessive immigration is likened to a racial hater. Once again, love is hate.
A further device used by the anti-national propagandists is multiculturalism. It is a variation of the “Memory Hole” in 1984. To prevent his subjects from remembering better days and lost freedoms, Big Brother had his agents toss all records of that past down the Memory Hole where they were destroyed.
Multiculturalism, particularly in education, serves the same purpose. It deprives the rising generation of Americans of any true sense of their past and their unique national identity. The goal is to make them think that “diversity” is normal by throwing into the “Memory Hole” any information which might lead them to think otherwise.
What motivates the propagandists? Quite often they are people who have visions of Big Brotherhood for themselves. Many are radical leftists who view immigration as a means of destabilizing U.S. society so
Continued on Page 6
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC
PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/July 2001
WHAT WQNDBFUL DAYS I...
BURNING FLAC6. TOHCMNGflOTC BULDNE6 J OCOJPYMGOC ADMMSTBATW BULDNG. NAKED COCK CONCEPTS
YEAH
THE ONLY SAP THING 6 THAT WE FAL£P TO NOTE OUR REVOLUTION N
AMOHKA.
I
GEER UP, BERNE! THERE'S SOL HOPE (UNCHECKED IMMCRATON WLL SPLIT ANPDESTW7T THSflLTHY CAPTAUST^^ T AMERICA'
imcD ✓ •turn
WE’VE GOT TO STOP BIGOTS LIKE THAT I! THEY'RE FULL OF MATEO
Immigration News Briefs
...is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
CALIFORNIA VOTERS, by a small margin, favor a moratorium to halt legal immigration for three years, according to a recent Zogby poll. Forty-three percent said that this suspension would benefit the state, forty percent disagreed, and 16 percent were not sure. Among racial and ethnic groups, the moratorium drew strongest support from African Americans. Sixty-five percent said they favored the plan, and 24 percent expressed opposition. Forty-four percent of whites were in favor, and 38 percent were against. Fifty-six percent of Hispanics opposed the proposal, with 34 percent in support.
The poll also found that 62 percent of all California voters believe that the current level of immigration makes education more difficult. Sixty-eight percent agree that foreigners should not be able to take American jobs without certification that no Americans are available to do them.
THE EDUCATIONAL AND INCOME GAPS between “established immigrants* (those who have lived in the UJB. between 11 and 20 years) and natives have substantially widened since 1970, when immigration began to rise to its current level. This was the finding of a recent study published by the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies (CIS).
in 1970, establislied immigrants were less likely than natives to have poverty-level incomes. At that time, 26.7
percent of those immigrants earned poverty-level wages, compared with 35.1 percent of native-born people. Today, 41.4 percent of established immigrants live at the poverty level compared with 28.8 percent of natives. A reason for immigrants’ lower income is the widening educational gap between immigrants and natives. In 1970,41.5 percent of established immigrants had less than a high school education, compared with 48.6 percent of natives. Today, the figures are 34.4 percent for established immigrants, and 9.6 percent for natives.
MWE FACE A PARADOX,** noted Newsweek columnist Robert Samuelson. “To benefit from immigration we may need a little less of it.” Samuelson expressed concern that our current high levels of immigration are overwhelming our ability to assimilate immigrants. If assimilation fails, he warned, “the United StateB [will become) a collection of self-designated ‘minorities’ [and] the country will have changed for the worse."
Signs which concern him are immigrants’ income levels and education. He cited a study by the Urban Institute which found that 30 percent of immigrant children are in poverty. Wages for Hispanic immigrant males are only 68 percent of those of native-born workers. He also noted that high school dropout rates are higher for Hispanics than any other racial and ethnic group.
Juia/July 2901
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
Farmingville Resists Illegal Alien *Invasion’
Citizens of Farmingville, New York, continue to protest the large numbers of illegal aliens in their city. Many have called that presence “an invasion." Several years ago, they formed an immigration control organization called the Sachem Quality of Life Organization. It has demanded enforcement of immigration laws and arrest of the illegals. It has also fought a proposed “hiring hall" where illegals can seek work. Sachem members argue that such a hall could sanction law-breaking.
Employment of illegal aliens, they charge, often violates tax and labor laws. Often too, illegals settle in housing where they appear to be exempt from the health and safety codes that legal residents have to obey. Another major complaint is that illegals harass citizens and destroy property. In areas where large numbers of them gather regularly, property values have declined. The aliens, however, are not without support in the community. Their backers include businessmen who profit from their labor, “human rights” activists, and religious interests.
Sachem Quality of Life appreciates support and assis-
Suspected illegal aliens congregate in Farmingville, New York.
tance from concerned Americans in New York state and the rest of the nation. Its leaders believe that success of their efforts could set an effective precedent for other communities dealing with illegal aliens. The address of Sachem Quality of Life is Box 767, Farmingville, NY 11738. Phone: (516) 480-7124. Website: (www.sqlife.org).
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
AIC recently conducted several surveys of our members and supporters. They covered general topics related to legal immigration, proposed amnesties for illegal aliens, questions for AIC to ask President Bush, and border control. The results, summarized below, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
Legal Immigration
1.	How many immigrants do you believe should be allowed into the United States each year? None, 40 percent;
300,000	or fewer, 58 percent; 500,000, one percent; 500,000 to one million, one percent.
2.	Would you approve or disapprove of a temporary “immigration moratorium” which would stop all legal immigration for a period of between one to three years? Approve, 91 percent; Disapprove, three percent; Undecided, six percent.
Amnesty
1.	Do you support broad new amnesties for illegal aliens? Yes, one percent; No, 98 percent; Undecided, one percent.
2.	Do you fear a new immigration crisis if Congress approves a new large-scale amnesty for illegal aliens? Yes, 98 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, one percent.
8. Do you believe that amnesties for illegal aliens undercut wage levels of American workers? Yes, 96 percent; No, three percent; Undecided, one percent.
Bush Questions
1.	As president, will you try to ease the burden of taxation on Americans that results from immigration? Ask this question, 99 percent; Don’t ask, zero percent; Undecided, one percent.
2.	As president, will you reverse former president Clinton’s Executive Order 13166 which requires that government services be provided in foreign languages? Ask this question, 98 percent; Don’t ask, one percent; Undecided, one percent.
3.	Do you support amnesties for illegal aliens? Ask this question, 100 percent; Don’t ask, zero percent; Undecided, zero percent.
4.	As president, will you advocate repeal of the Motor Voter Act which has facilitated voting by illegal aliens? Ask this question, 98 percent; Don’t ask, one percent; Undecided, one percent.
Border Control
1.	Should Congress pass legislation to assign military forces temporarily to help the Border Patrol stop illegal immigration? Yes, 98 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, one percent.
2.	Do you believe that our government should use its power in the United Nations to dispute investigators who
Ptigt* 4
IMMIGRATION WATCII
Continued on Page S June/July 2001
What Prominent Americans Have Said About Immigration
My opinion with respect to immigration is, that except of useful mechanics and some particular description of men and professions, there is no use in its encouragement.
George Washington I
[Immigrants from absolute monarchies] will bring with them the principles of the governments they leave, or if able to throw them off, it will be in exchange for an unbounded licentiousness, passing, as usual, from one extreme to another. It would be a miracle were they to stop precisely at the point of temperate liberty.
Thomas Jefferson
The safety of a republic depends essentially on the energy of a common national sentiment; on a uniformity of principles and habits; on the exemption of the citizens from foreign bias and prejudice; and on that love of country which will almost invariably be found to be closely connected with birth, education, and family ....
[Foreigners will generally be apt to bring with them attachments to the persons they have left behind; to the country of their nativity, and to its particular customs and manners .... There may, as to particular individuals, and at particular times, be occasional exceptions to these remarks, yet such is the general rule. The influx of foreigners must, therefore, tend to corrupt the national spirit; to complicate and confound public opinion; to introduce foreign propensities. In the composition of society, the harmony of the ingredients is all-important, and whatever tends to a discordant intermixture must have injurious tendency.
Alexander Hamilton
Our present immigration laws are unsatisfactory. There should be a comprehensive law enacted with the object of working a three-fold improvement over our present system. First, we should aim to exclude ... all persons who are of a low moral tendency or of unsavory reputation. This means . .. a more rigid system of examination at our immigration ports.
The second object of a proper immigration law ought to be ... (testing to determine immigrants’] capacity to appreciate American institutions and act ... as American citizens. .,. Finally ... There should be proper proof of personal capacity to earn an American living and enough
money to insure a decent start under American conditions. This would stop the influx of cheap labor, and the resulting competition that gives rise to so much bitterness in American industrial life.
Theodore Roosevelt
America must not be overwhelmed. Every effort to enact [immigration control] legislation must expect to meet a number of hostile forces and, in particular, two hostile forces of considerable strength.
One of these is composed of corporation employers who desire to employ physical strength [broad backs] at the lowest possible wage and who prefer a rapidly revolving labor supply at low wages to a regular supply of American wage earners at fair wages.
The other is composed of racial groups in the United States who oppose all restrictive legislation because they want the doors left open for an influx of their countrymen regardless of the menace to the people of their adopted country.
Samuel Gompers
Legal immigration . . . has costs, as well as benefits. Immigrants with relatively low education and skills may compete for jobs and public services with the most vulnerable of Americans, particularly those who are unemployed or underemployed. Jobs generated by immigrant businesses do not always address this problem. Concentrated and/or rapid entry of immigrants into a locality may impose immediate net costs, particularly in education, where expenditures are required to meet the additional and special needs of newcomers. Concentration of new immigrants can
exacerbate tensions among ethnic groups__Unless there
is a compelling national interest to do otherwise, immigrants should be chosen on the basis of the skills they contribute to the U.S. economy.
Barbara Jordan
Note: Samuel Gompers, an immigrant, was the founder of the American Federation of Labor. Barbara Jordan was the chairwoman of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform, a bipartisan federal advisory panel.
Calling All Americans
Let your representative and senators know what you think about current immigration policies. Reach their Washington offices by calling the Capitol Hill switchboard at (202) 224-3121. Ask for your representative or senator’s office. When connected there, ask for the legislative assistant who deals with immigration.Be brief; be polite; be firm.
George Washington
June/July 2001
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Washington Report
No More Amnesties — Ever!
Back in 1986, AIC vehemently opposed amnesty for illegal aliens. Although the proponents for this amnesty promised that it would be the one and only amnesty, AIC correctly predicted that if the amnesty proposal became law. it would be the first of many such amnesties. AIC also warned that, rather than reduce the influx of persons illegally entering the United States, the amnesty would in reality increase the flood of immigrants. (AIC sounded the alarm as loudly as possible, but our efforts were limited by inadequate resources.)
The vociferous liberal open-border gang called our warnings “alarmist," and won the battle. Tragically for America, AIC's worst fears and predictions have come true. In 2000, Congressman Lamar Smith (R-TX), chairman of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration, repeatedly requested that Attorney General Janet Reno release the Immigration and Naturalization Service’s estimates of the illegal alien population in the United States. Just as repeatedly, Attorney General Reno refused to release those figures to Smith’s committee, which had every right to the information. Reno’s refusal to cooperate with Chairman Smith by complying with an official congressional request reminds this writer of Reno’s refusal to cooperate with the full House Judiciary Committee when it was investigating impeachment charges against then-President Clinton. In his book Sell Out, the committee’s chief counsel David P. Schippers revealed that at a meeting with Reno and her staff, “She promised to cooperate fully” but later refused to allow her staffers to cooperate at all!
Ultimately, during the first week of October, Chairman Smith had U.S. Marshalls serve Attorney General Reno and the Justice Department with a subpoena for the requested immigration statistics. The data revealed that the numbers of illegals entering the U.S. annually after the 1986 amnesty had surged just as AIC had predicted. Smith
stated, “The numbers are staggering, totaling over
800,000	illegal aliens alone in 1989. . . . Amnesty precipitates more illegal immigration. This is unfair to the millions of immigrants who have legally come to the United States to create opportunities for their families. Illegal immigrants undercut the wages of legal immigrants and take their jobs. That is just plain unfair.”
As Reno was stonewalling Congress’ legitimate efforts to ascertain the number of illegals entering America after the 1986 amnesty, her boss Clinton was proposing still another amnesty for upwards of three to five million illegals. Smith has described amnesties as “unfair to the millions of aliens who are waiting outside the country for their turn to come to the United States. And amnesty [has] punished legal immigrants by greatly increasing the time it takes for them to obtain visas for their family members abroad. Further amnesty invites fraud.”
What AIC said in 1986 resonates loud and clear in 2001: An amnesty can never solve the problem of aliens entering America illegally. In reality, it encourages the flow of illegals because it sends the clear signal that if you can sneak into the United States and get forged documents, you will ultimately be amnestied. AIC members need to tell their Senators and Representatives:
“NO MORE AMNESTIES—EVER”
by Robert H. Goldsborough
— Continued from page 2
Big Brother
that they can seize power. In the early decades of the last century, the American Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born pioneered the use of name-calling to discredit immigration control. The organization was cited by Congress as a Communist front-group.
Today well-financed and organized radical networks continue this subversive work, as documented by former congressional staffer William Hawkins in his book, Importing Revolution. Though Marxism may be dead in the former Soviet bloc, its mutated form of Political Correctness (PC) is alive and well in American government, media, and universities. Radicals in these entities speak loudly and clearly against immigration reform.
And often joining the radicals, to hurl PC invective, are their supposed enemies, the capitalist business interests. Some of the latter join in because of simple greed. Cheap labor profits from “diversity” are indeed
their strength. Other businessmen, with eyes toward monopoly, share with the radicals the vision of an elite-dominated society.
Is the grip of PC propagandists unbreakable? Not really. Falsehoods, even big well-crafted ones, are always in danger of exposure, no matter how many times deceitful people repeat them. Simple truth has a marvelous power to puncture and deflate unreality.
This is why the propagandists strive so mightily to intimidate any and all truth-tellers. Their fury to silence dissent reflects insecurity, not confidence.
The thought-controllers, with respect to immigration, are betting that Americans will remain as docile as Pavlov’s dogs. But what would happen if Americans, remembering their humanity and proud heritage, broke free from their conditioning? The likely answer is that if millions of citizens simply repeated, “Our diversity is not our strength, and our love isn’t hate,” Big Brother would collupse into the Memory Hole.
Pag* 6
IMMIGRATION W ATI'll
June/July 2001
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor;
We hear talk now about "opening the border" with Mexico. I wonder why anyone would want our country to become more like Mexico. I was there once, in Reynosa. Driving across the bridge from McAllen, Texas, was going from day to night. There is nothing we can get from there which will make this country better for natives.
One of the greatest strengths of our country is that we speak a common language. When I was growing up in western Illinois, people used to say that you would have to travel a thousand miles to find someone who didn't understand English. Recently I was there, and the ATM machine at the bank in my home town asked me if I wanted to do business in Spanish.
The prosperity of this land didn’t happen by accident. It was brought about by good government inherited from the English, and our common culture. There is no Spanishspeaking country anywhere that is even comparable.
G.J.
Lake Jackson, TX
Dear Editor:
After reading your newsletter, I am convinced that AIC is an organization which I should support. Since I am a member of several environmental groups which have consistently refused to address mass immigration as the greatest factor in population growth that impacts upon our environment, I am sending them each a copy of your newsletter and a notification to end my support unless they address this very important issue.
Additionally I am very active in Republican grassroots politics, and Fm tired of trying to convince the leadership (as well as the rank and file) about how pandering to immigrant groups who want to enlarge their own populations will not win their political support because they mostly register as Democrats anyway. The right thing to do for this nation’s survival is to assume an activist stand against mass immigration and amnesty, and to remember that it is neither racist nor partisan to do so. People grumble about the impact of dramatic population growth, but their apathy allows this to be a self-fulfilling prophesy.
G.B.
Santa Barbara, CA
Dear Editor:
Your organization makes no sense. Everyone in this country is an immigrant. The great success of this country is due to the multi-ethnic groups who have come here and made it the fascinating, remarkable melting pot that haB allowed us to be a world leader.
In my work, I have clients from China, Taiwan, India, Jamaica, and endless other countries. I find this mixture of human beings remarkable and exciting.
We should do all we can to further encourage people coming to this country.
G.W.
Norristown, PA
Editor'll Mote: In point of fact, ninety percent of U.S. residents are native-born. And most of our country’s success,
through the years, has come from native-born people who have embraced our Anglo-Western culture. We do not deny, however, that many immigrants are fine people. Quite a number, in fact, support immigration control. They do so because they don’t want America to resemble the countries they left. To use an illustration, individual snowflakes are unique, “remarkable and exciting," but too many too fast are an avalanche.
Dear Editor:
I like your website, and I am thinking about joining AIC. We need more organizations like yours. I have always felt that out of control immigration will be the downfall of America. I remember being concerned about the problem back in the seventies. Now it is the reason behind many of our social and economic ills, higher crime, higher cost of living, lower scholastic scores, crowded cities and streets, overcrowded schools, and tax increases for programs targeted for immigrants. Should I go on?
I can’t even feel comfortable visiting my birthplace in Southern California. There, where all the street signs have been changed to include a foreign language, I feel like I’m in a foreign country. There are some cities in California where nothing is written in English. And this includes menus as well as street signs.
What happened to equal rights and accessibility rights of English-speaking Americans. Native-born Americans are the only people who don’t have any equal rights or civil rights in America. I know I am a minority in California, but do you think the laws will change to give me preferential treatment or affirmative action? I don’t think so.
Mass immigration is the biggest threat to our country. Forget the bomb. We will implode from within if something isn’t done or started soon. Keep up the fight and thank you very much for being out there and giving us real Americans hope.
T.S.
Eureka, CA
Dear Editor:
I have attended “Town Hall” meetings with my congressman and one of my senators. I brought up the problems of growth in Oregon and the degeneration of the quality of life due to a growth rate of two percent per year when a one-half of one-percent growth rate is all planners can manage gracefully. Of course, even that is too much for me, but most people cannot yet comprehend a U.S. or a world without population growth.
I got my point across in each instance, but I could tell by the reaction of these gentlemen that it was a rare day, if not a nonexistent day, that growth and the role immigration plays in it were brought up at their public meetings. That means that people on our side must make a point to attend these meetings.
Another thing we need to do is educate Americans about the impact of excessive numbers. Excellent tools for doing so are Roy Beck’s videos. Get copies and ask your local public access channel to run them. Every local public access channel in the U.S. is a candidate for these videos.
Juua/july 24101
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Huge 8 Page 7
Elites — Continued from page 1
day has a fertility rate that even reaches replacement levels In Italy, the rate is so low (1.2) that the population is projected to shrink by some 16 million people by 2050. The demographic dwindling will jeopardize the continent’s economic health, as its labor force contracts, and an older population faces an empty pension system.
European elites in both the national governments of the continent, as well as in the European Union, want more immigrants, but as Cohen remarks, "nationalist reaction has set in. marked by jingoistic hymns to national cultures, anti-immigrant tirades and the scapegoating of foreigners for everything from rising crime to rotten schools. It is no longer Communism that haunts Europe: it is the outsider.”
But the real specter that haunts Europe is the pathetic shallowness of the Economic Man mythology that Cohen and others in the trans-Atlantic elite harbor in their minds. What they find incomprehensible is that, even with economic ruin staring them in the face, people would still prefer their own culture, nationality and civilization to the wreckage that mass immigration threatens. The threat of depopulation in Europe is a real one, but at least the population that would remain would still be European.
That is something that Cohen and his buddies in the ruling class can’t quite grasp. Cohen thinks that European nations were themselves the products of multiracialism, “their reality one of mingled blood,” and that the nation, “in many ways an artificial construct on Europe’s mottled soil,” obscures “an older reality of mingling.” It’s quite true that European nations were originally made up of somewhat different linguistic and cultural ethnicities, but the point is that they could make themselves into nations because of the underlying unity their peoples possessed.
Letters — Continued from Page 7
One problem we face is that many Americans have been programmed to believe that limiting immigration is a “hate crime." But that’s not true at all. It’s really an act of love for our grandchildren.
B.T.
Ashland, OR
The Asians and Africans, Muslims and Buddhists, now arriving in Europe share neither a common blood with its people nor a common civilization. Indeed, in the case of the Muslims, they share a faith that has been at war with much of Europe for well more than a millennium, and in not a few cases, the immigrants now occupying Europe— some 500,000 illegals arrived last year, as opposed to only
40,000	as late as 1993—are descended from the same peoples the ancestors of today’s Europeans conquered. Cohen and the Euro-Yankee ruling class may not understand the conflicts the newcomers incite, but the reasons should be clear to anyone who is not an alien in his own land.
Europe’s immigration problem, much like the same problem in the United States, is really not so much one of the immigrants themselves nor of the political and cultural reaction against them, but one rooted in the elites of Europe, and with the unification of those elites in the European Union, the problem will probably only get worse.
Rather than encourage greater fertility, undertaking fiscal and economic reforms that would allow larger families and fewer working women, and abandoning both feminist fantasies and Economic Man mythologies that glorify working wives, the European ruling class has chosen simply to betray its people and its own civilization and to import a new population. Whether a new population will tolerate the old ruling class remains to be seen, but until that class itself is displaced, the dwindling number of real Europeans can expect nothing but further betrayal.
Copyright 2001, Creators Syndicate, Inc.
Surveys — Continued from page 4
claim U.S. citizens are guilty of “human rights abuses” against trespassing illegal aliens? Yes, 93 percent; No, four percent; Undecided, three percent.
3.	Do you believe that American citizens defending their homes and families against illegal aliens should be protected against lawsuits by foreign governments? Yes, 98 percent; No one percent; Undecided, one percent.
Immigration Watch American Immigration Control, N.C. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465