Febru«ry/MarctL2004
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Barrett Proposes Reform Legislation
Rep. Gresham Barrett (R-SC) has introduced comprehensive legislation (H.R. 3522) to deal with America’s immigration crisis. The bill, named after similar legislation proposed two years ago, is called the SAFER Act (Securing America’s Future through Enforcement Reform).
SAFER proposes to reduce excessive legal immigration by eliminating extended family visa categories (siblings of citizens, adult children of citizens and permanent residents) in order to cut “chain” immigration, i.e., immigrants endlessly sponsoring more immigrants on the basis of family ties.
The measure also would abolish the visa lottery which allows immigrants to come to America solely on the basis of a lucky draw. On refugee admissions, it would require a specific vote by Congress if the U.S. proposes to take in more refugees than the rest of the world combined.
To deal with illegal immigration, SAFER proposes to increase the size of the Border Patrol, now 9,000 agents, to 16,000 agents. Acknowledging that this build-up would take years, the measure authorizes deployment of U.S. troops on or near the border until the build-up is complete.
To promote effective interior enforcement against successful border crossers and visa violators, the SAFER Act would add 1,000 Department of Homeland Security investigators to the current force of 2,000 by the end of fiscal year 2007.
The bill also seeks to change the current interpretation of the 14th Amendment which gives automatic citi-
Rep. Gresham Barrett
zenship to the children of illegal aliens born on American soil. The bill would require that at least one parent be a legal resident of the U.S.
SAFER would strengthen document security to help identify illegal aliens and prohibit acceptance of foreign ID cards by federal agencies.
Other provisions of the SAFER Act would tighten admissions standards for visa holders and institute more effective measures for keeping track of visa holders once they come here.
AIC Polls Members and Supporters
AIC recently polled members and other Americans on the following topics: the visa lottery for immigrants; birthright citizenship; border security; and welfare for immigrants. The results, summarized below, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
In This Issue	
Editor's View					Page 2
Immigration News Briefs			Page 3
Washington Report 				Page 6
Letters to the Editor			Page 7
Visa Lottery
1.	The visa lottery is an immigration program which allows foreigners in various countries—as well as illegal aliens residing in America—to participate. Getting a lucky draw is the only qualification that 55,000 winners need each year to become legal permanent residents of the U.S. Do you support or oppose the visa lottery? Support, two percent; Oppose, 97 percent; Undecided, one percent.
Continued on Huge &
Editor’s View
Send a Letter to the Editor
One way to promote immigration reform is to let people in vour district know what your congressman is doing in Washington to help or hinder reform. House members are sensitive to popular knowledge of their voting records. One way to spread the word—and we thank an AIC supporter for suggesting this idea—is writing letters to the editor of your local newspaper.
Write letters expressing your concerns about immigration and then note how your congressman has been part of the solution or part of the problem. Mention his or her name at least twice. The reason is that congressmen often keep tabs on what is being said about them in their districts. Letters to the editor B one of the most widely-read sections of a newspaper. If the name of a House member keeps coming up there, that member will take notice.
If you don’t already know what your representative is doing on immigration, one way to find out is to write his or her office and ask. Then you will have the information you need to put into the letter. An excellent source for every congressman’s voting record on immigration reform is the Internet website, www.numbersusa.com. If you don’t have a computer with Internet connection, your local public library may have one you can use. If you would like assistance from AIC on what your congressman has done, give us a call at (540) 468-2023, and we’ll try to help.
Here are some tips on getting letters published. Don’t let them run more than about 200 words. Be concise and to the point. Make the letter as neat as possible, and if at all possible, type it. Editorial page editors work under a deadline, and they generally lack the time or inclination to read long rambling letters in barely legible handwriting. When they see one that is easy to read and requires little editing, they rejoice— even sometimes when they disagree with the content of the letter.
If the paper doesn’t run your letter, one thing you can do is call the editorial page editor and ask why. Remember, this person is under a deadline, so don’t be long-winded. Inquire, very politely, as to why the letter did not come out. The page editor could be PC (politically correct) and hostile to pro-reform views. But this is not necessarily a problem without solution. No matter how bigoted by PC, most media people
Immigration Watch a published by Americans lor Immigration I Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24405 John Vinson, Editor To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing view* points in its publications Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation Immigration publication in the nation.
want to give at least the impression that they are fair-minded. Appeal to this desire for a good public image by asking the page editor to show evenhandedness. While he still might be reluctant to publish the letter you sent, your call may incline him to publish future letters—if for no other reason than not to be bothered by you again.
Submit letters no more often than every four months or so. Sending them more often will incline the page editor to dismiss you as a crank and a nuisance. While you’re waiting to write, encourage your friends to send letters to the paper supporting immigration reform. Also, while you’re waiting, send letters to other newspapers in your state. In these letters make reference to your senators’ records. Senators are less influenced by publicity, but every little bit helps.
The following is a sample letter to the editor. Feel free to use it as a guideline for writing letters to the editor. This example is one exposing a bad record, but if the congressman has a good record, rewrite the last paragraph to make note of that. Praise encourages more good behavior.
• • •
Dear Editor:
Mass immigration today is different from past immigration. The numbers coming in today, legally and illegally, are unprecedented—1.4 million a year. If this rate continues, immigrants and their descendants
Continued on Page 5
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 1 times 1 year), tend $15 to:
AIC * PO Boa 735 I Monterey, VA 24455
Rhone: t>40-444-2023	Website: WWW inimiyraltooconlfol coin
kvbruary/IMarch 1004
by John C. Vinson Editor
Page I
IMMIGRATION WATC H
Immigration News Briefs
...is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
DAVID FRANCIS, A COLUMNIST WRITING FOR THE CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR, commented on the significance of immigration as a political issue and the refusal of politicians to deal with it.
“Here in the United States,” said Francis, “immigration has reached a record level. Not even the recent recession and subsequent jobless recovery have slowed the flow of foreigners. But Washington keeps its head low, afraid of political potshots.”
Among the reasons for the silence, he maintained, is money-making from cheap labor. The interests that profit from it have political clout, while “it’s [usually] the politically disadvantaged, lower-income workers who get hurt the most.”
He added, however, that rising public concern eventually will force the government to act. Francis cited a poll done in November by the Pew Research Center which found that 77 percent of respondents agreed with the statement, “(WJe should restrict and control people coming into the country to live more than we do now.”
SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, Tom
Ridge said that the United States should “come to grips with the presence of eight to 10 million illegals, [and] afford them some kind of legal status some way.” He added that the nation should decide on an immigration policy, “and then enforce it.”
Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), head of the House Immigration Reform Caucus, took strong issue with the secretary’s view on granting legal status to illegal aliens. Said Tancredo, “Mr. Ridge ought to read the laws he is charged to enforce. We have laws on the books that call for him to find and deport these people, and if he is unwilling to do so, he should resign.”
The secretary in his comments seemed to suggest that illegals granted legal residence should not be allowed full citizenship. “I’m not saying make them citizens,” said Ridge, “because they violated the law to get here. So you don’t reward that type of conduct by turning over a citizenship certificate.”
SEN. JOHN KYL (R-AZ) said that Congress should not pass any pending bills to give legal resident status
lebniaq/Marcb 2004
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page 4 Page 3
News Briefs—Continued from Page i
to illegal aliens until the government effectively enforces existing laws against illegal immigration. He observed, “If we are not enforcing current immigration laws, the question naturally arises: Why would we be able to enforce new laws?”
Kyi also raised concern about the consequences of legalizing illegal aliens. He asked, “Will we be sending the signal to others that, if they can get into the United States and lay low for a few years, they, too, could gain legal status, even citizenship, in the United States?”
The Arizona senator concluded by saying, “We should welcome all [immigrants] but take seriously the rules governing their entry and participation in American life. Anything less undercuts the sanctity of our laws and the value of being a citizen of the greatest nation on earth.”
CALIFORNIANS ARE GATHERING SIGNATURES to put an initiative on the ballot this November which would cut many public benefits to illegal aliens. It is similar in some ways to Proposition 187 which passed by a margin of 60 percent to 40 percent in 1994. Despite passage, a federal judge blocked implementation of the law, and it finally died when former California Gov. Gray Davis refused to appeal the judge’s ruling.
Proponents of the new initiative say it is written to be consistent with federal law, in order to avoid the legal controversy that engulfed Prop. 187. As a means to prevent illegals from obtaining public benefits, the text of the new measure stresses the need for secure identification. It prohibits driver’s licenses for illegal aliens and official acceptance of identification cards issued by foreign governments.
FABIAN NUNEZ, SPEAKER OF THE CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLY, expressed differing views on Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, reported WorldNetDaily.com. Nunez, a Mexican immigrant, opposed Schwarzenegger’s decision to deny driver’s licenses to illegal aliens.
The Assembly speaker told a Spanish language paper in Mexico City that, “I have personally declared political war on Schwarzenegger. .. . that is the reason I was elected by my supporters. This is only the beginning of the confrontations with Governor Schwarzenegger. In a meeting I had with him, I advised him that the Democrats will not allow him to step on our principles, which are to defend the rights of immigrants and the Californios.”
To the English-language press in California he had a different message. In an interview in the Sacramento Bee he stated, “I look forward to working with [SchwarzeneggerJ. I think we’re going to find so much common ground that we’re going to make I Republican legislative leaders] nervous.”
Elderly Americans to share Social Security with Mexico? (AP/Wide World)
U.S. AND MEXICAN OFFICIALS ARE DISCUSSING A “TOTALIZATION” AGREEMENT which would allow Mexicans who have worked legally—and illegally—in the U.S. to collect Social Security benefits in their home country. The U.S. already has these agreements with other countries, but critics of “totalization” with Mexico maintain that it would be much more costly than all of the existing agreements combined. The General Accounting Office estimates that totalization could have a significant impact on Social Security.
Rep.Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) observed, “Adding millions of law-breakers to the Social Security system would be a slap in the face of our retirees. With Social Security in trouble it is totally insane to even to think about adding millions... of alien lawbreakers to the system. Congress must act [to].. . keep this travesty from happening.”
THE TOHONO O’ODHAM INDIAN NATION on the Arizona border is increasingly “hostile” to the constant flow of illegal aliens across their reservation lands, reported the Fort-Worth Star-Telegram. The nation, which suffers an unemployment rate of 50 percent, is having to contend with the added stress of crime and social disruption brought about by the poorly-controlled border.
Said the Star Telegram, “The migrants are no longer viewed as benign passersby. They are regarded as a menace—to home, to personal safety, to tribal healthcare and law enforcement.” Tohonos described “intruders breaking into homes looking for food, carjackers assaulting residents for their trucks, and smugglers luring tribal members into crime.”
Tribal leaders say that the Department of Homeland Security should be doing more to secure the border. Tohono police cooperate with the Border Patrol. “Our first priority,” said Police Chief Richard Sanders, “is to protect the Tohono O’Odham Indian Nation.”
Pag# 4
IMMIGRATION WAT< II
Kebruary/March 1004
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 ; million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at j Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
■________________________________________________
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 285 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
Poll—Continued from Page 1
2.	Should Congress pass Rep. Bob Goodlatte’s H.R. 775 which would end the visa lottery? Yes, 96 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, three percent.
3.	One-quarter of visa lottery winners came from countries considered terrorist havens. Do you believe that this situation is a homeland security threat? Yes, 97 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, two percent.
4.	Did the media in your area report that Hesham Hadayet, the gunman who unleashed a deadly terrorist rampage in Los Angeles International Airport was in America because his wife won the visa lottery? Yes, 46 percent; No, 40 percent; Don’t Know, 14 percent.
Birthright Citizenship
1.	The children of illegal aliens born on American soil, under current legal interpretation, are automatic American citizens. Do you agree with this policy? Yes, two percent; No, 98 percent; Undecided, zero percent.
2.	Do you support Rep. Nathan Deal’s bill, H.R. 1567, the “Citizenship Reform Act,” to put an end to birthright citizenship for illegals’ children? Yes, 99 percent; No, zero percent; Undecided, one percent.
3.	Would you be inclined to vote against any politician who opposes the Citizenship Reform Act, and supports birthright citizenship? Yes, 95 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, four percent.
Border Control
1. Is securing America’s borders an important issue to you? Yes, 99 percent; No, zero percent; Undecided, one percent.
2- Do you support deploying troops on our borders? Yes, 93 percent; No, zero; Undecided, seven percent.
3. Do you believe that the national news should devote more coverage to the problem of illegal immigration? Yes, 94 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, five percent.
Welfare for Immigrants
1.	Were you aware that the U.S. government is spending billions in public assistance for noncitizens? Yes, 45 percent; No, 53 percent; Undecided, two percent.
2.	Do you think Congress should reduce admission of immigrants who impose public costs? Yes, 99 percent; No, zero percent; Undecided, one percent.
Edit Of*—Continued from Page 2
will drive U.S. population from 293 million today to 420 million within the next 50 years—according to the median projection of the U.S. Census Bureau. The Bureau’s “high” projection is that the total could go as high as 519 million, or half-a-billion.
Rapid growth of this kind will put tremendous stress on the unity of our culture, our infrastructure and the environment. Particularly worrisome is the high rate of illegal immigration, now 500,000 persons a year who come and settle permanently. Illegal immigration subverts our rule of law, the basis of our freedom and prosperity. Unchecked illegal immigration means that foreigners, not Americans are deciding our future.
Unfortunately, our congressman Joe Blow has a very bad record on reducing legal numbers to more reasonable levels and backing efforts to stop illegal immigration. For the sake of our country’s future,
Rep. Blow should reconsider his positions. Polls consistently show that most Americans want less immigration and enforcement of our immigration laws.
f'etoruary/Msrcb 2004
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page5
CLEAR Thinking Mayors Needed
CLEAR, the acronym for Clear Law Enforcement for Criminal Alien Removal Act, creates an obligation for local police to help enforce federal immigration laws or lose certain federal hinds. This is an important issue—American lives and our security are at stake—and clearly the only way to obtain local cooperation from liberal mayors is to threaten local jurisdictions with the loss of federal handouts.
In an earlier article we explained how New York City's Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a liberal Republican, reluctantly decided that his city’s police, etc., should be allowed to cooperate with federal immigration authorities concerning illegal aliens. Bloomberg knew that he could ill afford to lose federal handouts for his city, and so he wisely compromised his liberal philosophy.
Not so with Baltimore’s liberal Democrat Mayor Martin O’Malley, who aspires to be Maryland’s next governor. (Members of O’Malley’s fan club have been told to describe him as presidential timber!) O’Malley and Montgomery County’s Douglas Duncan, another liberal Democrat, both actively oppose passage of the CLEAR Act.
Not surprisingly, the Maryland chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union is cheerleading O’Malley’s and Duncan’s efforts to undermine this vital security measure.
In a December 6, 2003, letter to The Baltimore Sun, Meredith Curtis, identified as a public education associate for the American Civil Liberties Union of Maryland, commends the two politicians. The letter displays misleading and illogical double talk. Curtis writes: “The primary job of the police is to investigate, solve and prevent crimes. And putting investigation of undocumented workers on par with searches for criminals or terrorist suspects would divert attention
from rooting out terrorist threats____The CLEAR
Act may actually make it more difficult to keep people
by Robert H. Goldsborough President. AIC
safe from terrorists and purse snatchers.”
Perhaps Curtis,
O’Malley, and Duncan are unaware of the fact that if local and state police had responded to numerous calls complaining that illegal Latino aliens were gathering every weekday morning on the parking lot of a convenience store in a Northern Virginia D.C. suburb, that some of the 9/
11 Muslim terrorists might have been thwarted. Two of the Arab terrorists who flew the plane into the Pentagon paid some of the Latino illegals for help in acquiring Virginia driver’s licenses. Those fraudulently obtained driver’s licenses made it possible for the terrorists to board and highjack the planes.
We agree with ACLU’s Curtis that “the primary job of the police is to investigate, solve and prevent crimes.”
Had the CLEAR Act been the law in 2001, just maybe the Pentagon would not have been attacked on that fateful day of September 11, and just maybe the hundreds of innocent lives would not have been destroyed that day.
Americans deserve CLEAR thinking mayors and county executives, not illogical and misleading muddle heads who, in an effort to gain favor with radical ACLU types, would needlessly jeopardize our lives and our security.
Ask your House member to co-sponsor the CLEAR Act (H.R. 2671), if he or she hasn’t already done so. To reach their Washington offices call (202) 224-3121.
Reformers Run for U,S. Senate
Two strong advocates of immigration reform are running for the U.S. Senate from their respective states. Both are Republicans who seek to win their party’s primaries and then challenge Democratic incumbents.
Dwight Wilkerson, an attorney and West Point graduate, is running in Indiana. He maintains that border control should be a top priority issue.
In bis announcement speech, Wilkerson declared, “(F]or years now, Americans have indicated in poll after poll that they want our nation’s immigration laws enforced. The American people are not stupid. They
understand the connection between the terrorist threat and our open borders.”
Running in California is Barry Hatch, the former mayor of Monterey Park. Hatch believes that, “Uncontrolled immigration is endangering our national sovereignty” while “colonizing our country with people who have no intent of trying to assimilate.” He hopes that his candidacy will serve to stimulate needed debate on immigration. Hatch says that he is running because, “My love for this nation of nations is intense. I have seen the world and nothing compares.”
Page 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Februarv/March 2004
Dear Editor:
The articles presented by Immigration Watch are outstanding. I have served over three decades trying to enforce the laws of this nation, including the failed IRCA Amnesty in 1986, employer sanctions, and organized alien and narcotics smuggling (which has long been out of control here in Arizona). What you report on illegal immigration is 100 percent factual regarding illegal aliens. With most of my life spent in federal law enforcement including intelligence duties on September 11, 2001.1 cannot believe the open-border politics from both parties in 2004.
As an undercover operative in anti-smuggling for more than ten years, I know Mexican laws as well as my own U.S. Codes established by Congress. With the ml rush to placate Mexico from both political parties, I'd like to suggest an idea. Let’s enforce U.S. immigration laws the same way the Mexicans enforce theirs. If we did, we’d have no problem.
To begin with, it is not just the Mexican Bureau of Immigration that enforces immigration law, but every police officer. A person emigrating to Mexico must establish that he has pending work or can support himself and his family. Spanish is the national language and must be learned. There are no bilingual programs for immigrants. Voting in Mexico is strictly controlled in each district, which requires a voter ID card and comparison in a district book of registered voters. After voting, the person has a thumbprint taken to prevent voter fraud in other districts. Immigration laws are strictly enforced in Mexico as well as voting laws.
Mexican leaders condone illegal immigration to the United States, but a U.S. citizen without a proper tourist visa or Mexican vehicle insurance is subject to arrest in Mexico as an "illegal alien.” The same holds true for Central Americans who cross Mexico’s Guatemalan border.
With the serious pandering taking place in Arizona for cheap laborers and voters, this is a very important
issue for all Americans. Thank you, AIC. More people need to get involved in immigration reform.
J.S.
Phoenix, Arizona
Dear Editor:
I thought I was the only one noticing what’s going on. I thought I was about to go crazy with all the anger and frustration. I told myself I sounded prejudiced. Not so, I finally decided. What I am is patriotic. My mother is an immigrant. She studied very hard, and it was a joyous occasion when she passed the test and became a citizen. To be an American is an honor and a privilege. It is not the God-given right to anyone who happens to put his feet on our soil.
Do you want to know the turning point for me of when my alarm skyrocketed? After 9/11, many Americans put
Februnry/Murcl) 2004
flags or stickers or showed their patriotic support in some way. But in my mother’s neighborhood, which has become 80 percent Mexican in the last eight years, no visible sign of support could be seen anywhere. They showed no allegiance to the country they supposedly want to become a citizen of. Why should they? They have no history here. They are only interested in serving themselves and their countrymen and families in Mexico.
I have been a working taxpayer all my life, but I don’t make enough money to afford insurance for my children. At the same time, I make too much to be eligible for any type of state aid. My son needs dental work, which I cannot afford, yet the non-American family across the street from my mother was able to get braces for their child at the state’s expense. As a nurse, it is heart-wrenching to watch my elderly patients have to make difficult choices because of drastic cuts in available funding to them. They worked all their lives to contribute to our society, but assistance increasingly goes to non-in-digenous people.
All I keep hearing is that Mexicans are so industrious and hard working. If this is true, then why is their country in a horrible economic state? I’m also tired of hearing the lie that they take the jobs Americans don’t want. I was in construction for many years as a carpenter. When I talk to my old friends and acquaintances, the news has been getting worse for years. Many have left their fields altogether. I hear the same stories from masons, heavy equipment operators, and people in just about every area in construction. Some of these guys are 40 plus in age and have to find new careers. Unemployment is a frightening change in life. Please tell me how this benefits any American.
S.M.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I recently received a copy of your newsletter. I read it from cover to cover. As an American of Hispanic ancestry it would be easy for me to feel angry or upset at the things I read. I have been discriminated against during my lifetime countless times if only because of the way I look. Yet, as I grow older and hopefully more mature, I see things differently than I used to.
I live in California. I’ve been here for over 20 years and have seen the changes that have and are taking place in this beautiful state. Immigrants both legal and illegal have flooded this state and have changed it so much so that, at least in the Los Angeles area, one would hardly think he was in the United States anymore. As a descendant of immigrants it would be easy for me to sympathize and encourage more immigrants to come to this great nation. Yet, I believe that immigration in modern times is no longer the same as in previous times.
Continued on Page 8 Page 7
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Book Review
Taxpayers Subsidize Pro-immigration Groups
AIC appreciates the support we receive from our members and supporters. Every contribution helps because we face the tremendous financial resources deployed by the pro-immigration lobbies. These lobbies receive support from mtgor foundations and corporations. Also they receive money from the federal government and state governments, in the form of “grants.” Yes. that’s right, hard-earned tax money from American citizens, the majority of whom, according to polls, favor less immigration.
Documenting this situation is The Improper Use of Public Funds: Grants, Special Interests and Immigration by Joseph Fallon. This work surveys 171 nonprofit organizations involved in promotion of immigration. Some, the author notes, are almost totally subsidized by government grants. One, the Haitian Community Refugee Center, got all its funding from grants in the period surveyed.
Other recipients of federal grants during that period were the National Immigration Forum, a staunch de-
Letters —Continued from Page 7
When immigrants came here previously they were encouraged, even forced, to learn the English language and adopt American values and customs. Many did willingly and became Americans as best they could. That is no longer true today, and I believe it is hurting our nation deeply. America is a nation unlike any other in history. There are many reasons why this is so, but I believe in part it is because of the unique culture and the way we think as Americans. If thingB continue as they are now we will no longer have the America we once knew and loved and we will become perhaps just another Third World country as I already see happening in and around Los Angeles.
R.D.
Cyberspace
fender of mass immigration, and the National Council of La Raza (The Race), which rarely fails to oppose legislation to control our borders. Pro-immigration religious organizations such as Catholic Charities USA also receive tax-funded grants.
Supposedly the grants serve public purposes not related to the political objectives of the recipients. Nevertheless, as Fallon observes, these subsidies at least indirectly aid their political goals.
Furthermore, he effectively argues, it is unlawful and discriminatory for government agencies to subsidize private agencies. With respect to religious groups, grants violate the constitutional prohibition of government favoritism toward religion.
AIC is working hard to expose and end tax-paid subsidies of pro-immigration groups. We have distributed copies of The Improper Use of Public Funds to the House Immigration Reform Caucus. AIC supporters should consider raising this issue with their congressmen. The Improper Use of Public Funds is available from the American Immigration Control Foundation, Box 525, Monterey, VA 24465. Price: $4.00. Payment may be by check, cash or money order.
FOR SALE
Bumperstlckers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.)
5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1)	Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration
(2)	Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason
(3)	Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation
(4)	We're Not a Nation of Mass Immigration
(5)	Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
Robert H. Gotdsborough, President
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
John Vinaon, Editor, Immigration Watch
Dear IMMIGRATION WATCH Reader,
As you will read in the enclosed Special Issue of Immigration Watch, there is an exciting development in our ongoing fight to secure our borders.
You may recall that a few months ago U.S. Congressman Virgil Goode asked AIC to help him take a dramatic step in slowing the illegal alien invasion threatening to overwhelm our nation. Well, we pitched in, with your help. And now, as a result...
. .^^■ftldto announce there are now 12 new co-sponsors of Congressman Goode’s that authorizes American troops to join in the battle to STOP the flood MBBegal aliens pouring across our border.
Clearly we’ve hit a nerve. Clearly we have momentum. Clearly we must now build on this growing Congressional support and help Congressman Goode take it to the next step: Pass ffS^m77 in the House of Representatives this xear! And that is why I am writing you today.
BftMirri without delay, answer the brief 5-question voter survey and return xour answers TODAY!
Your answers to this brief survey are the exact ammunition we need right now to move this key legislation to the next level. Your answers will help us show the fence-sitters and “undecideds” in Congress that the American people are demanding secure borders.
Here’s where things stand and why YOUR answers to this survey are so important.
Incredibly, as of now, our armed forces are barred from helping protect and secure our own borders! H.R. 277 would change all that. It would authorize the Secretary of Defense to assign members of the armed forces to assist the Department of Homeland Security in the performance of border protection functions.
The moment Rep. Goode introduced H.R. 277 we went to work rounding up support for this critical bill. At first it was tough going. The media has done a great job of scaring politicians out of doing anything that might sound “anti-immigrant”. But bit by bit, truth prevailed. One by one. Members of Congress began to feel the heat from AIC members who sent them our letter demanding they address this crisis. And one by one, they began to step forward to sign on.
Now we have 12 Congressional co-sponsors. So now we’re under way. We have momentum. So now we must take the next step BECAUSE NOW THIS IMMIGRATION CRISIS IS AT THE BOIUNG POINT. For example:
(over, please...)
738 Main Street * Monterey, Virginia 2446S • (540) 468*2023 I www.iiiimigrationcontrol.com
■	Right now some 9 million illegal aliens are hiding out in America.
■	Right now illegal aliens are displacing roughly 730,000 American workers every year, at an annual cost of $4.28 billion.
■	Right now “a group of al Qaeda terrorists is attempting to infiltrate the United States from Mexico to conduct attacks in the country,” according to The Washington Times.
■	Right now, over 115,000 people from Middle Eastern countries are here illegally.
So RIGHT NOW we need to strike while the iron is hot... and push H.R. 277 forward to become the law of the land! So please — answer your survey and rush it back to me TODAY.
Your answers will be quickly processed, tabulated and added to the tally for an up-to-the-minute account of grassroots opinion on this issue. We will make sure the results of this survey are distributed to the national news media so journalists will know Rep. Goode’s bill is supported by millions of Americans who demand action NOW. But the key to success is NUMBERS. The more people who answer and return this survey the more credible it will be. So PLEASE RETURN YOUR BRIEF SURVEY TODAY.
And at the same time, please include the most generous contribution you can afford to help fund, sustain and expand this fight. We cannot move H.R. 277 forward without your help. And we MUST move this campaign forward.
Approximately 500,000 illegal immigrants settle in the U.S. each year. 1,370 a day. 57 every hour. These aliens live off taxpayer funds, take American jobs, and crowd our roads, hospitals and schools. While YOU foot the bill.
Thanks again for your commitment to America’s safety and security.
Sincerely,
^\/aw\AsGY\*
John Vinson, Editor
P.S. The fact is, America is at war. But unlike previous wars, the “front” is not just “over there” somewhere. It is right here. We are being invaded by thousands upon thousands of illegal aliens. Some have ties to deadly terrorist organizations. Some are here because they want our jobs or our free welfare benefits. But they all are here illegally. They have all snuck across our borders to use — and abuse — America. And the fact is, our Border Patrol does not have the money or the manpower to win this war. They need — we need — the power and strength of the U.S. military to win this war.
And that is why we need to help pass Rep. Virgil Goode’s H.R. 277 into law. This bill will allow our troops to help secure America’s borders. We’ve made u good start. We have 12 co-sponsors, it’s a good beginning. But we have a long, long way to victory. So send in your answers — and the most generous contribution you can afford — to support this critical fight.