June/July 2003
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Immigration Won’t Save Social Security
Many immigration advocates maintain that mass immigration is the solution to the crisis facing the Social Security system: a declining number of working people supporting a growing number of retirees. A leading advocate of this idea is Stephen Moore of the libertarian Cato Institute. Moore claims that his analysis of Social Security statistics confirms his view.
Economist John Attarian strongly disagrees. Dr. Attarian came to this conclusion after a lengthy analysis of Moore’s work. Dr. Attarian found that Moore’s study showed poor understanding of key concepts involved in calculation and poor methodology.
He notes that even if one takes Moore’s figures at face value, they show that present immigration offers little in the way of reducing projected Social Security deficits. And the same applies, even if immigration increases significantly.	,r*
Continued on Page 8
Suspected illegal alien in Southern California. Some claim that he and others like him will rescue Social Security.
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
AIC recently conducted a survey of members and supporters to find out their concerns and how we may better adapt our program to their viewpoints. The following is a report on the findings of the survey.
1)	The top four concerns AIC members and supporters have about immigration are: 1) The pressure to make America a multi-lingual country. 2) The threat of terrorism. 3) The costs of education. 4) Undermining basic American values.
2)	What issues should AIC set as priorities for immigration reform? The top four priorities, said respondents to the survey, are: 1) Making English the official U.S. language. 2) Stopping “amnesty” for illegal aliens. 3) Ending automatic citizenship for the children of illegal aliens. 4) Stopping “chain immigration” which makes
In This Jkhuc	
Editor's View	...				 Page 2
Immigration News Briefs			Pag# 8
Washington Report				Pag# 6
Letters to the Editor								 Page 7
family connections the primary basis of admissions policy.
3)	Where would you like to see AIC concentrate its efforts? 1) Information about immigration on TV and radio talk shows. 2) Newspaper and magazine ads exposing issues not covered by the media. 3) Personal meetings with political leaders. 4) Postcards and letters to Congress.
AIC has surveyed our members to ask their views on topics related to illegal immigration. The results, summarized below, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
1)	Do you want the United States to increase patrols at our borders with Mexico and Canada? Yes, 96 percent; No, Zero percent; Undecided, four percent.
2)	Do you agree with the current policy that provides automat ic citizenship to the children of illegal aliens born in the United States? Yea, Zero percent; No, 97 percent; Undecided, three percent.
Editor’s View
Pressure Them for Reform
As America establishes democracy in Iraq, many Americans lament the lack of it here. Recent polls show that most citizens want less immigration and secure borders. Unfortunately, the majority of representatives and senators don’t seem to care. While reformers have had some successes lately in stopping amnesties for illegal aliens, Congress stubbornly refuses to cut legal numbers or effectively beef up the borders.
The reason is the on-going bipartisan sellout of our country’s interests. Republican sellouts want mass immigration for cheap labor, and their Democrat counterparts want it for cheap votes. To hide their salesmanship, both commonly appeal to cheap sentiments. In letters to constituents they often evade reasonable objections to mass immigration with maudlin rhetoric about “nation of immigrants” and the like. Increasingly, AIC members report that House members and senators don’t even bother to answer their letters.
All of this is very frustrating to citizens who care about the future of their country. Still it is no reason to give up. The current political game, poor and sinful though it be, is the only game in town. Reformers will just have to learn how to play it better. The following are some suggestions.
Keep writing and calling Washington. If you get a letter about “nation of immigrants,” inform the representative or senator that we won’t have a nation at all if mass immigration continues. If you receive no answer, call and demand the courtesy of a reply. Keep doing so until you get one. Mass immigration advocates have often gotten their way through sheer persistence. Reformers should take note and do likewise.
For those who don’t mind standing up in public and expressing your views, attend town hall meetings where congressmen come before the public. During the question and answer session, raise immigration as an issue and bring others along to do the same. Some congressmen, unfortunately, try to control these sessions by answering only written questions which they choose. If that is the kind of congressman you have, bring a sign and hold it up for him to see. Life in Washington keeps congressmen isolated from popular feeling. Let them know how you feel, not just at town hall meetings, but at as many of their public
Immigration Watch is published by Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
appearances as possible.
Some AIC members complain that their House members and senators are so anti-reform that it is pointless to make any effort to influence them.
Some indeed are probably incorrigible. But many opponents might be influenced to some small degree, and every little bit can help when it comes to passage of good legislation.
One thing you might consider, if your Washington representatives are very bad, is working for the campaigns of their opponents. Also consider getting involved in campaigns outside your district, or even your state, where there are significant differences between candidates on immigration. At the easiest level, you can participate with no more effort than sending a check to a campaign.
Keep in mind too that the whole game is not in Washington. More and more, state legislatures are dealing with immigration-related issues. In several states this spring determined bands of reformers defeated attempts to grant driver’s licenses and instate college tuition to illegal aliens.
Another way to influence politicians is through their parties. Reform-minded Republicans and Democrats should try to influence party leaderships from the bottom up. Republicans might point to what immigration is doing to harm national unity and national security. Democrats might point to the harm it does to the economic prospects of working people and the poor. Both should make it known when receiving solicitations from their parties that they will
Continued on Page 8
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC
PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465
	
	
BfH *	
	
Aiiihi	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Br	
by John C. Vinson Editor

we cant control the
BORDER VlC'Rg A NATION Of IMMIGRANTS'! I
... AND WE DO J06J THAT
AMERICANS / WONT 90!
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
THE UNITED STATES’ POORLY SECURED BORDER with Mexico is a significant security problem, said Sen. John Kyi (R-AZ). Quoted in The Arizona Republic, Kyi maintained, “It’s hard to imagine terrorists not trying to come in through this southern border. . . . If I were a terrorist trying to get into the United States, it wouldn’t take me long to hire one of the coyotes [immigrant smugglers] in Northern Mexico and come in. Our border is so porous you’d have a pretty good shot of making it the first time.”
Sen. Kyle noted a growing awareness in the Senate that steps are necessary to secure the Mexican border.
IN 1896 CONGRESS CUT ELIGIBILITY of immigrants to welfare programs. Today, according to a recent study by the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies (CIS), welfare usage by immigrants has returned to the pre-reduction level.
“In 1996,” said the study, “22 percent of immigrantheaded households used at least one major welfare program, compared |withj 15 percent of native households. After declining in the late 1990s, welfare use rebounded, with 23 percent of immigrant households using welfare compared |with] 15 percent of native households in 2003 •” The study noted that immigrants’ use of Tempo
Jum/July 2003
rary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF) and food stamps has declined, but rising payments to immigrants from Medicaid have offset these savings.
The 1996 cuts failed for a number of reasons. Congress later repealed some of them, and state legislatures restored others. But more significant is the continuing large flow of immigrants with low levels of education. Many welfare-receiving immigrant households have at least one working member, the study found, but their lack of skills keeps their wages low, thus making them eligible for public assistance.
U.S. DISTRICT JUDGE MICHAEL BAYLSON ruled that Berks County, Pennsylvania, must offer election ballots in Spanish as well as English and hire poll workers who speak both languages. He also required bilingual voter registration applications and poll signs in precincts where at least five percent of registered voters speak Spanish.
The county’s three member Board of Commissioners opposed bilingual ballots. Commissioner Mark Scott stated, “This is the exaggerated by-product of a few malcontent activists. We think this is part of a national trend toward a bilingual United States, which we think is a mistake.”
IMMIGRATION WATCII
Page 3
Report from the Border: American Citizens Suffer
The mainstream media seldom report the hardships that unchecked illegal immigration impose on American citizens Particularly bad are the problems faced by Americans living on or near our Mexican border. One who passionately wishes to expose this situation is Grin Anderson, whose family settled the Arizona frontier as ranchers a century ago. The family remains there today in Cochise County, but their time to stay may be running out.. *.
I.W.: What is happening along the Arizona/Mexican border where your family lives?
Anderson: The border is out of control. The constant movement of illegal aliens across it has rendered my family’s land valueless. They are making it impossible for many ranchers to make a living. They destroy ranch property, tearing down fences, trampling pastures, cutting water lines, and killing livestock. In some cases, they just want to get food and water, but in other cases— such as when they dump trash in water supplies—it is clearly malicious. They often kill our dogs to keep them from barking.
We’re Americans on American land, but they threaten us, call us names and physically attack us. They fire shots at our children. Adults have to escort children from place to place. We feel the need to be armed most of the time. Some ranchers are afraid to stay on their property after dark, so they get places in town where they spend the night. More and more illegal alien smugglers are carrying weapons. They are bringing in drugs as well as people.
The consequence is that we can’t live there; we can’t ranch, and we can’t sell. No one wants to buy. But we have to keep paying taxes on the land. The county won’t give us a break because the illegals have swamped the county’s medical services and it’s short of revenue.
More and more ranchers are falling into bankruptcy. People who have been here for generations are giving up. They survived droughts, depression and recession, but they can’t survive this.
I.W.: Has law enforcement been any help to the people under this kind of siege?
Anderson: Not really. We call the Border Patrol. Sometimes they come; usually they don’t. They don’t have enough agents to go around, and some of their higher-ups don’t really seem concerned about stopping illegals—that is certainly the situation in the Tucson border hector. Their management policy is to restrict agents to a single spot all day long. The agents go crazy
An Arizona border resident lives behind barbed wire-topped fence for protection from illegal alien traffic.
them. There is not enough detection or pursuit. Agents have even admitted to us that they can’t provide security. Once when I was walking on our land, I passed an agent who warned me, “Lady, it’s not safe for you to be here.”
Not too far from our property, a 15-year-old boy was riding his horse. A group of illegals pulled him down and one began to beat him. The boy had a gun with him and in a split second had to make the decision: use the gun or try to escape. Somehow he managed to get loose, get on his horse and ride off. It’s a terrible thing for a young person to be put in a situation like that.
I.W.: What about your congressman? Have you tried to enlist his help?
Anderson: Our congressman, Jim Kolbe, has made it known that he really isn’t interested in our problems. The word we get is that he believes he can win elections with the votes he gets in Tucson, so he doesn’t have to worry about us.
I.W.: What is your opinion of the various groups of private citizens which have volunteered to patrol ranch property and sometimes hold illegal aliens, after making citizen’s arrests, for the Border Patrol to pick up?
Anderson: These groups have broken no laws. They are simply drawn into the vacuum of inadequate law enforcement. The media try to portray them as vigilantes and the like, but from my knowledge they are sim-
just standing there, and the aliens simply move around
ply people who want to protect themselves. The ranch-
Continued on Page S
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/July 2003
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Columbia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 285 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
CltiZdlS Suffer—Continued from Page 4
ere and other Americans are very frustrated, but they are decent people who are not inclined toward violence. Actually, many are afraid to take protective measures for fear of lawsuits by illegal alien supporters.
In one case, a family on a ranchette detained some illegals. They treated them humanely, and gave them food and water. Now they face legal action funded from Mexico.
I.W.: What is your view of this situation in terms of national security, particularly with respect to terrorism?
Anderson: After 9/11 there was a lull in the flow of illegals, but when the people south of the border realized we weren’t serious about security, the movement picked up even worse than before. Border Patrol agents are telling us, off the record, that Arabs are coming across the border. Sometimes they try to pass as Mexicans by learning some phrases in Spanish.
I.W.: Are the Americans who complain about all of this smeared with the usual charge of “racism?”
problems, but few settle on the border. They’re headed elsewhere—to your neighborhood. Once there, it’s not true that they just take jobs that Americans don’t want. I personally know people who have to compete with them. They take public services, and they’re voting illegally. In Virginia, where I’m living now, they and the groups fronting for them are building political clout. These lobbying groups exert strong pressure for illegals to get driver’s licenses and get in-state college tuition.
I.W.: Are there other concerns for Americans to consider?
Anderson: I also would like to talk about the problem of disease. Since the days of Ellis Island, we’ve always made a point to screen legal immigrants for health. Illegals, of course, have no such screening, and they are bringing in many dangerous Third World diseases. And it’s not just those diseases which affect humans. Livestock is at risk too. One example is New Castle disease which has harmed the poultry industry in California and Arizona. It comes from Mexico.
Anderson: Oh, of course. It’s kind of funny, though, because many of us on the border have Hispanic relatives. I have Mexican cousins. Among those who really suffer are patriotic Hispanics who have been in Arizona for generations. Illegals take jobs from them and depress wages. When they protest they face horrible threats from illegals and their supporters. American Indians are victims too. The flood of illegals is destroying Indian culture on the Tohono O’Odham Reservation to the west of Cochise County. One example is smugglers hooking Indian youngsters on drugs.
LW.: Borne people in other parts of the country may say, “What’s happening on the Arizona border is unfortunate, but it won’t affect me.”
Anderson: They are wrong. We have to pick up the trash that illegals leave behind. Quite often we find contact addresses and telephone numbers in distant states and cities. The constant flow of illegals here causes us
I.W.: Some people think that putting troops on the border to assist the Border Patrol is essential to restoring order. How do you feel about that?
Anderson: I would agree, but with one reservation. We don’t need masses of troops. We need a high-tech approach using ground sensors and helicopters. But we wouldn’t need that if President Bush would simply make a call to Mexican President Fox and tell him that enough is enough—and mean it. Whole towns in Mexico have organized to send illegals here. The government has to know about it.
I.W.: All of this is very shocking. One wonders why there isn’t more about in the media.
Anderson: 1 do too. The press won’t inform. We’ve had reporters down to our ranches so they can hear our side. Some are sympathetic, and they write good sto-
Continued on Page S rage 5
June/July 20(13
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Washington Report

Moving Our Lobbying Office
For more than 20 years. AIC and its predecessor organizations have maintained a congressional liaison office on Capitol Hill.
In the early days of AIC’s efforts to secure America’s borders, we could get from our office to the congressional office buildings, in minutes, if necessary. when debate was raging on immigration bills.
Now all has changed.
In the aftermath of 9/11, the life of every American has changed. For those of us who work in the nation’s capitol and visit congressional offices, the changes have been drastic. Some of the streets around Congress are now patrolled by armed guards and totally barricaded against public vehicular traffic. Buildings may be entered only at a few selected entrances which are heavily secured by armed guards and highly sensitive metal detectors. All this is understandable in light of current events; but it is extremely time consuming!
Security in Washington was further compounded by the deadly anthrax letters which were mailed to several senators. For months, the Hart Senate Office Building was closed to employees as well as to the public. Mail delivery was re-routed, scanned, and delayed—not just to Congress but to anybody whose mail happened to pass through D.C.’s main U.S.
Postal Distribution Center. AIC’s mail was misdirected, disrupted and delayed for an unusually long time.
Then in September 2002, the DC area was put into a panic when the “Beltway Snipers” started their random shootings. Things calmed down somewhat after a huge manhunt which caught two Muslims (one an illegal alien) who have been charged with the killings.
And now, we all live under the government’s color-coded terrorist warning system. You never know what the security requirements are going to be from one day to the next. In D.C., surface-to-air missile launchers have been strategically placed through the area, and office buildings are frantically installing security equipment and procedures.
Add to this, the encroaching inquisitiveness of the District of Columbia’s government bureaucracy which has developed a Gestapo-like approach, demanding costly business licensing fees and occupancy permits. The red tape and voluminous paper work for completing the forms required for the various permits is astounding, redundant and absurd. Worst of all, it diverts valuable time and resources from our TRUE mission: fighting the plague of uncontrolled immigration that is destroying our country.
Therefore, to enable more of your generous
donations to go directly to AIC’s mission, we are moving our lobbying office out of Washington DC and into Maryland where we will be freed from the rising costs of permits, fees, paperwork, and security-caused rent increases. For security reasons, we have been advised NOT to publicize the location of our new congressional liaison office. All fax, mail and phone contacts should go to our editorial offices in Monterey, Virginia, for nothing there has changed.
And rest assured, nothing has changed within AIC itself. We may be changing our location by a few miles; but we are still fighting to save America from the flood of immigrants (legal and illegal), terrorists, and drug smugglers.
AIC will continue to fight for an increase in the size of the Border Patrol to control illegal immigration, and a reduction of legal immigration to manageable levels.
AIC will still fight against those insidious amnesty bills which seem to worm their way into every congressional session. We took the lead against the 1986 amnesty. We predicted that this so-called “one time” amnesty would not solve anything but would only lead to future amnesties ... and history has certainly proven us right!
AIC will continue to fight for complete background checks of all foreign visa applications, especially on those from countries known to harbor terrorists. We will point out that amnesties may legalize people who mean serious harm to our country. Also we will point to a flawed asylum system which has allowed potential terrorists to settle here.
Regardless of how they have come to stay, radicals have been given political asylum in the U.S. They have easily melted into the multi-cultural neighborhoods swelled by years of mass immigration. This kind of “diversity” certainly is not enriching us. We need to slow down immigration so that the Melting Pot can do its job.
Alt' will continue to sound the alarm and work diligently to secure the safety of America through the security of her borders, airports and seaports.
Hut now, we do it from Maryland und Virginia, rather than from the District of Confusion.
by Robert H. Goldsborougb President, AIC
PWjUr 6
IMMIGRATION WATCII
June/July 2003
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
John Vinson's article, “What Can I Do?”, in the Editors View section of Immigration Watch (Feb/Mar 2003) is excellent. "Diversity within a common culture can be beneficial. Hut when immigration-fueled multiculturalism dest roys common values, only the force of the state can hold the divided populations together. Liberty diminishes as that force grows.”
Liberals in this country should be just as concerned about this fact; after all, they are the very ones who scream the loudest about “invasion of privacy.” I read a very interesting article, pre-9/11, which addressed the issue of privacy. The author made it very clear that one of the reasons the government has been so lax about immigration is because they know the end result will give them the excuse to invade people’s privacy and take away certain freedoms under the guise of “security.”
1 firmly believe that the main reason our government ■infusing to do anything about illegal immigration and open borders has to do with the larger plan some have had for “globalization.” The larger a population is al-lowed to become and the more extreme the differences within the population, the more reason the government ha6 to intervene in its citizen’s private lives under the real or semi-real threats of security/preserving order. Our leaders, by allowing amnesty, open borders, illegal immigration and out-of-control immigration, are ensuring the eventual death of democracy and all our personal freedoms as we have known them up to now.
M.S.
Santa Fe, NM
Dear Editor:
Some people believe that there is some law that prohibits local law enforcement officers from detaining or arresting people they believe are in violation of immigration laws. I do not believe that you will find any law, rule, regulation or court order that prevents local law enforcement agencies from detaining or arresting persons they believe are in violation of immigration laws.
This whole issue is merely a matter of political correctness and nothing else. I retired from the U.S. Border Patrol as a Supervisory Agent in 1982, with 27 years of service. Until about 1978 or 1979 state and local law enforcement officers had no problem with detaining or arresting persons they suspected of being in violation of immigration laws.
When I was assigned to the Canadian border from 1957 to 1961, the New York State Police, the county sheriff s deputies, and local city police had no problem in detaining Canadians they suspected of being in violation of any immigration law. 1 worked in Southern California from 1968 through 1982. The California Highway Patrol and sheriffs deputies routinely stopped vehicles they suspected of carrying illegal aliens. In the late 1970’s some of the local avocado growers put politi-
cal pressure on the city councils to stop the police from arresting illegal aliens, and it just spread there toother agencies.
I am sure that there would be no problem if local law enforcement agencies only arrested Canadians or Europeans. The only protected class is illegal Mexican aliens.
To believe that we can have homeland security without securing our borders, especially our border with Mexico, is sheer stupidity.
F.T.
Vista, CA
Dear Editor:
I am writing to tell you that I have found your website, and I am very grateful for your organization! I am going to become a member, and I am looking forward to lending a hand.
I live in Massachusetts. I am a 32-year-old mother of four, and I’m also disabled. I have worked since the age of 13, and though I’m unable to do so now outside of the home due to my disability, I continue to keep myself busy by having my own home business.
The reason I am writing is actually out of relief. I realize that sounds a bit silly; but in finding your website, I have found hope in knowing that there are others out there who share the same views as myself. I recently moved out of my hometown due to the extreme overpopulation of immigrants who have basically (in my opinion) taken over the city. Never was there a night I could sleep; as my neighbors had their Latino music so loud that my windows vibrated. They constantly stole our property, made my pre-teen daughters uncomfortable about going outside, and caused conflicts at any time they could. The local police did nothing, and the landlord did nothing. None of these people worked, so they didn’t know what it was to need to have a good night’s sleep to wake up for work.
The drinking parties in the hallways, the drugs, the violence—it was a neighborhood epidemic. By the time I left, I had been put on anti-depressant medications by my physician. I couldn’t believe this was America. I felt as if I was invading their space. My daughter was the only American child in her 6th grade classroom; and the others would tell her that she was ruining it for them! Now if this isn’t a situation that is out of control, then I don’t know what is. Politicians don’t see this, however. They come from all-white neighborhoods, with good policing efforts, and wonderful educational systems. So, what do they care, right?
At the current time, Massachusetts is suffering a severe deficit crisis. Our new governor is making budget cuts across the board that are affecting those that need it the most. It has long been my opinion that if this
Continued on Page 8
June/July 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 7
Letters—Continued from Page 7
country's welfare system provided only for our own in emergency need, there would be plenty to go around. However, these people come here already knowing how to manipulate our system in such a way that they get even* benefit out t here, and then some.
Nothing makes me more angry than seeing an American elderly person who must go without heat or food in order to purchase life-saving medications ... or have to travel to a foreign country to get them cheaper! Or our poor veterans lying in gutters, homeless, while the people they fought step right over them. Something must be done, and fast. I look forward to joining your organisation and becoming involved in a cause that needs as much attention as possible.
T.T.
Cyberspace
Reform—Continued from Page 2
not contribute unless the parties become more responsive on immigration. Make it plain that until this happens, your money will only go to candidates for reform, regardless of party.
Both party leaderships need to hear loud and clear the popular outrage. Democrats at the top are pushing amnesty for illegal aliens in a brazen effort to woo them as future voters. Republican higher-ups are following the same path of pandering. Not content with the proceeds of cheap labor, they want a share of cheap votes too. Reformers need to let the two parties know that they cannot take the votes of ordinary Americans for granted. Serve them notice that if they shun immigration reform, you might just vote for a third party or go fishing on election day.
It would be nice if political leaders would do the right thing without prompting. But that simply isn’t the nature of most politicians. As the old saying goes in Washington, they don’t see the light until they feel the heat.
Citizens Suffer—Continued from Page 5
ries, but later we hear that the editors have refused to run them. Maybe it’s political correctness.
One thing I want to do is spread the word as much as possible myself. I am willing to speak to any concerned group, free of charge, in the Northern Virginia and Maryland area, and outside of that for my travel expenses. We need to face this issue before it’s too late. (To contact Ms. Anderson, e-mail her at Erinadaire@aol.com, or call (703) 980-6531.
SoClCll Security—Continued from Page 1
Dr. Attarian goes on to point out that numbers of immigrant workers will not help unless they have the productivity and skills to make a net contribution to the economy. But immigrants on average are not skilled, and even if they were, Dr. Attarian notes, we could never amass the capital investment necessary for them to make any real dent in Social Security shortfalls.
He goes on to note that massive immigration will bring on serious social complications, only one of which is whether huge relatively-poor immigrant communities would be willing to pay taxes for the benefit of elderly native-born Americans.
Dr. Attarian’s research, entitled Immigration: Wrong Answer for Social Security is available from AIC for six dollars. Visa and MasterCard accepted. Make checks payable to AIC.
AlC’s Monterey. VA Office
PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465 Phone: 540-468-2023; Fax 540-468-2026
Visit our website at: www.immigrationcontrol.com
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
AIC
John Vinson, Editor, Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
Please tell Congress how you feel about their doling out
Dear IMMIGRATION WATCH Reader,
Are you ready for this: $14 billion. $14 BILLION — with a “B”.
That is the amount of YOUR tax dollars your Congress is giving away right now in handouts and welfare... to NON-CITIZENS. That’s right.
MONEY just sitting there for the taking... if you play the system right.
Their targets? Food Stamps. Medicaid. And SSI benefits from the Social Security Administration.
The programs were put in place over the decades to help people who “cannot help themselves” and truly deserve our assistance. But now (no surprise) these social programs have grown into huge multi-billion dollar giveaways. And it is, of course, widely acknowledged that these programs — like any government handout program — clearly encourage able-bodied people to become dependent on government...which is reason enough to consider reforming them.
But what’s even worse, it turns out that these kinds of programs also act as huge magnets for foreigners to come to America to abuse our generosity and sponge off the American taxpayer.
And that is exactly what has happened here.
The 1996 welfare reform was supposed to make aliens ineligible for Food Stamps, and
BILLIONS OF TAX DOLLARS in free services and welfare to NON-CITIZENS.
Personally, I think it’s hard enough to justify giving away ANY money to people who have not
truly earned it.
But to give away literally billions of American citizens’ tax dollars to people who are not even U.S. citizens is not just irresponsible and immoral. In my view it is downright criminal.
Yet a recent investigation into the abuse of welfare by aliens revealed that is exactly what is
happening.
How can this be? Let me spell it out for you.
Over the years the pro-immigration lobby has been quietly manipulating the system and steadily chipping away at our nation’s welfare system — with the understanding that there’s BIG
(over, please...)
738 Midi) Sued • Monterey, Virginia 24463 • (340) 468-2023 • www.inunigrationcontrol.com
unable to receive SSI funds until they had lived here at least five years.
But (no surprise) the pro-alien lobby fought that tooth and nail — and has cajoled Congress and state governments into loosening the restrictions on non-citizens getting Social Security’s SSI benefits
“emergencies” to non-citizens...
... means American taxpayers — including seniors who are dependent on Social Security themselves — are slapped with a staggering $14 BILLION tab to pay for free services for non-citizens. And no one in Washington seems to care... or hardly even know about this. Which is why I am hoping you will speak up
lawmakers that foe taxpayers and voters of this nation are sick and tired of Congress kowtowing to foreigners and using our tax money for their political gain.
able to make it clear to Congress that they must immediately STOP giving away your tax dollars to aliens who keep coming.
So please complete the enclosed IMMIGRATION WATCH U.S. Citizen Poll and help AIC tell Congress that it is time for real changes in our immigration policy.
And please include a contribution of $15, $25, $50, $100 or more to help AIC alert many more Americans to the abuse of our tax dollars to bankroll non-citizens!
As you know we rely completely on voluntary contributions such as yours to keep AIC going and working to spread the word about the harm rampant, unchecked immigration is doing to America. I’m counting on you to answer this call today. Please help us keep up the pressure on Congress!
Thank you!
P.S. With deficits mounting, I truly believe we cannot waste a single day in our effort to pressure Congress to stop lavishing money on non-citizens. And this is the perfect time! The politicians will bt looking for places to cut spending — and unless the immigration lobby pushes harder than we do, we
and lifting the ban on food stamps. This, coupled with Medicaid doling out huge sums for medical
Specifically, I hope you will take a minute now to answer the current IMMIGRATION WATCH U.S. Citizen Poll I’ve enclosed.
This poll is one of the most powerful weapons we have in getting Congress to rethink their absurd policy of doling out billion dollar handouts to foreigners who keep pouring in.
Released to the press and Congress, this poll will act as a stem reminder to opinion makers and
Americans for Immigration Control (AIC). armed with the opinions of Americans like you, will be
Sincerely,
John Vinson, Editor
your generous contribution to AIC today. Thank you!
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
Ik	U.S. Citizen Poll:
The $14 Billion Taxpayer Handout to Non-Citizens
Registered to:

nKAPUMS
FOR RETURN
Registration Number: 01398844 B3BK03
Deadline for Return: Within 7 Daysl
INSTRUCTIONS: Please answer the following questions and return this poll to AIC by the deadline date indicated. Your individual answers will be kept confidential. Only total results will be compiled and released to members of Congress and major media news outlets.
1)	Were you aware the Congress doles out $14 BILLION of your tax dollars per year in welfare, giveaways and free services to non-citizens?
□	Yes	□	No	□	Undecided
2)	Do you think its wrong of Congress to make working Americans pay for free services and welfare to foreigners?
□	Yes	□	No	□	Undecided
3)	Do you want Congress to STOP kowtowing to the immigration lobby and START doing a better job of controlling immigration and the costs it imposes?
□	Yes	□	No	□	Undecided
4)	Do you want Congress to stop putting the interests of foreigners and aliens above the interest of American citizens?
□	Yes	□	No	□	Undecided
5) AIC is a leading national citizen advocacy group working to get Congress to stop
handing out money, favors and special legislation to the immigration lobby at American citizens' expense. Will you support AIC in this critical effort?
•J YES, enclosed is my contribution in the amount of:
□ $15	□	$25	□	$50	□	$100	□	Other	$___________
Please make your check payable to AIC and return it along with this poll in the envelope provided to:
P.O. Box 738I Monterey, VA 24465-0738.
If you wish to contribute via credit curd, please complete the information on the buck of this form.
AIC will uke your contribution to help move Congress to action to STOP illegal and uncontrolled immigration. Contribution!, to citizen advocacy groupk ktich uk Americank for Immigration Control, Incorporated are not tax-deductible.