Febi uary/March 2006
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Bush Proposal is Smoke and Mirrors
In a clear acknowledgment of the fierce public outcry Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) is unleashing against illegal immigration. President George W. Bush recently called for a crackdown on illegal immigration. “Our goal is clear.” President Bush claimed, “to return every single illegal entrant, with no exceptions.” But the reality is that he is prepared to make 12 million exceptions to his latest goal.
While the rhetoric has changed thanks to AIC’s tireless crusade against illegal alien amnesties, little else is different. And the push for amnesty is stronger than ever.
After failing to sell the idea of amnesty to the American public. President Bush has received some advice from political strategists who are clearly hearing the drumbeat of public opposition to amnesty that has been mobilized by immigration reform activists. The spin doctors’ advice seems to be: “Don't talk about amnesty.”
AIC has helped generate such an enormous backlash against President Bush’s misguided amnesty schemes that he’s now forced to change his tune. The president’s rhetoric is changing . . . the speeches are being rewritten . . . and many pro-amnesty supporters are joining President Bush in desperately throwing around words like “border security” and “interior enforcement” to get you on board.
These are the new “buzzwords” in Washington. And if they’re being spoken by someone who has supported amnesty in the past, a word to the wise: These “buzzwords” are code words for “amnesty.”
If the president and his fellow amnesty enthusiasts were really serious about fighting illegal immigration they would abandon their amnesty plans outright. They would not be feeding the American public a steady diet of political rhetoric meant to conceal the politicians’ true intentions.
In an attempt to further distance himself from the term “amnesty,” President Bush claims that “comprehensive immigration reform requires us to create a new temporary worker program that relieves pressure on the border, but rejects amnesty.” And yet, the president’s “guest worker” plan would legalize millions of illegal aliens, allow millions more into our country, and create an enormous incentive for people to illegally enter the U.S.
In T his Issue	
Editor's View	...Page 2
Immigration News Brief*	... Page 3
Washington Report —r---nr-			... Page 6
Laden to the Editor 					... Page 7
As Americans protest illegal immigration, politicians work to preserve the status quo.
AIC is working to send the politicians a clear message: Just because a plan includes border enforcement doesn’t necessarily mean it’s a good plan—especially when it’s hog-tied to amnesty provisions. In fact, aside from the Kennedy-McCain amnesty bill—which AIC is aggressively campaigning against—there are several proposals that at first glance appear to be tough on illegal immigration, but that include provisions for amnesty. And the politicians continue to introduce radical proposals that include amnesty for illegal aliens —a payoff to greedy business interests and the Hispanic voting bloc.
Senator Arlen Specter (R-PA)—the powerful Chairman of the Judiciary Committee—is the latest to jump on the amnesty bandwagon. He created a draft immigration bill that called for, in the words of The Washington Times, “dramatic increases in legal immigration, far beyond other proposals now before Congress.” Sen. Specter’s draft bill was particularly dangerous given his power, as Judiciary Committee Chairman, over the flow of bills in the Senate.
So are the politicians and bureaucrats in Washington really serious about halting illegal immigration? Perhaps most telling is a comment made by Homeland Security Chief Michael Chertoff. He has hinted that the millions of illegal aliens already in the U.S. will never be deported, saying: “lt^ really an issue of practicality."
With the generous support of its members, AIC is holding the politicians’ feet to the fire and demanding REAL action that matches the new “get-tough” rhetoric with concrete measures to halt illegal immigration. The politicians are “talking the talk.” AIC is forcing them to “walk the walk ”
Editor’s View
‘Deformers9 Push Scam Reform
With major immigration legislation now pending in Congress, it appears that everyone has become an immigration “reformer.” Don’t believe it for a moment. The mass immigration lobby hasn’t changed its spots or its spotty ethics. It just wants to pull the wool over our eyes so that we can’t see them. The lobby’s political servants, entrenched in Congress and the Executive Branch, fully understand the public’s outrage against broken borders and uncontrolled immigration. Consequently, they are taking great pains to pretend that they are “reformers” who deeply care about Americans’ concerns.
In truth they are deformers and deceivers. Many, taking orders from cheap labor interests, wish to deform our broken immigration system even more than it already is. And they are not shy about deceit, as revealed by their activities in recent months.
Exhibit A is Sen. Arlen Specter (R-PA) and his cast of camp followers in the Senate. As head of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Specter quietly dropped a massive immigration increase provision into a budget reduction bill. It offered a bonanza of permanent and temporary visas to foreign workers. Genuine reformers spotted this stealth legislation and exposed it. Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX), former chairman of the House Immigration Subcommittee, described it as “a behind-the-scenes ... foreign worker program [to] take jobs from American workers.” He also observed that, ‘To raise the number of employment-based visas by such a significant amount without the benefit of committee hearings, floor debate, or even public input is not fair to the American people who oppose an increase in immigration.”
To stop Specter’s scheme, Sen. Robert Byrd (D-WV) offered an amendment to strip the immigration provisions from the budget bill. It failed, by a margin of 14 to 85. By that resounding vote, the insular Senate served notice that it cares no more for heart-felt American concerns than King George did in 1776. Fortunately, as we go to press, we see that the House stopped Specter’s onslaught in the Conference Committee.
Along with his stealth message, the Pennsylvania senator also floated a separate immigration proposal at the end of the last session, one billed by the media as more moderate than the leading “reform” bills (Kennedy-McCain and Kyle-Comyn), both of which offer amnesty to illegal aliens. Alas, keen observers also exposed this bill as another stealth bomb for more immigration and amnesty. The
Immigration Watch is published by Americans for Immigration Control. Incorporated, Box 736, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
lesson to learn: If the Senate and the media say something is reform, you can know for certain that it will deform.
Moving on to the Executive Branch, President Bush recently promised tough new border control reforms, but these are just smokescreen for his never-ending obsession that the solution to illegal immigration is sprinkling legal dust on illegal aliens and declaring the problem solved. Thus he would make them “guest workers.” Just what would persuade these “guests” ever to leave is anyone’s guess.
Dear reader, don’t be fooled. True reform, at minimum, must insist on reducing, not increasing, the legalized flow of foreign workers who take American jobs. Furthermore, it will not permit any legalization of illegal aliens, whether permanent or temporary.
Any genuine attempt to deal with illegal immigration must have at least the following components: 1) Mandatory computer verification of employees’ legal status. 2) Increased penalties for employers who hire illegal aliens. 3) Greater participation of local and state police in immigration law enforcement. 4) Vastly increased federal manpower for border and internal enforcement. 5) An end to automatic citizenship for the children of illegal aliens bom in the U.S.
Some claim that guest worker programs not offered to illegal aliens can be helpful. Whether or not this is true, the issue should not even be on the table until effective enforcement measures are in place and tested. If not, the deformers will do what they have done in the past, namely open the gates to more foreigners and neglect to keep their promises about enforcement.
Continued on Page 8
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$3.00 for 10 copies $6.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC • PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465 Phone 540-468-2023 Website: www.immigrationcontroi.com
by John C. Vinson Editor
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
“WORKERS IN THE UNITED STATES,” REPORTED CNN/MONEY 11/16/05, “are far more nervous about losing their jobs than they were six months ago and are now among the least confident employees among the world’s leading economies, according to a recent survey.”
That survey, for September and October, conducted by Right Management Consulting, found that 23.8 percent of U.S. workers felt it possible or somewhat possible that they could lose their jobs during the next twelve months. Six months before only 19.3 percent of workers expressed these concerns. Right Management Consulting conducted the same survey in 18 countries, and in 13 of them—in contrast with the U.S.—employee confidence was increasing. Only the United Kingdom (24.2 percent) and Canada (24 percent) had a higher level of concern about unemployment.
Despite apprehensions of American workers, Congress continues to consider legislation for large-scale importation of foreign workers through “guest worker” programs, Hl-B visas, and permanent residency visas.
LOBBYISTS FOR ENGINEERING AND HIGH-TECH FIRMS CLAIM THAT CONGRESS NEEDS TO EXPAND the Hl-B visa program to import more foreign engineers and computer specialists. They claim that they cannot find enough qualified Americans to do the work. An article by Walt Street Journal writer Sharon Begley 11/16/05 recently examined this claim.
It noted the statement of Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates that “There just aren’t as many graduates with a computer-science background” and the statement of National Science Board that warned of the U.S. facing “an emerging and critical problem of the science and engineering labor force.”
But, as the article went on, statistical evidence indicates otherwise. According to the Computing Research Association, the number of bachelor of computer science graduates increased 85 percent from 1998 to 2004. Similarly, the American Society for Engineering Education reported that bachelor degrees in engineering rose from 61,553 in 1999 to 72,893 in 2004, an increase of 18 percent.
With respect to the alleged shortage of engineers, Michael Teitelbaum of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation observed, “No one 1 know who has looked at the data with an open mind has been able to find any sign of a current shortage.”
REPRESENTATIVES DUNCAN HUNTER (R-CA) AND VIRGIL GOODE (R-VA) INTRODUCED AN IMMIGRATION LAW ENFORCEMENT BILL, H.R, 4313. Supporters of the measure said, reported CNSNews.com 11/16/05, that it would "separate those in Congress who pay lip service to controlling our borders and protecting homeland security, and those who are prepared to address this national crisis in a meaningful way.”
Continued on Page 4
Page 3
AIC Hosts Washington Forum on Legislation
AIC held a forum in Washington in October to highlight the danger of pending legislation to grant amnesty (legal residency) to illegal aliens. Speaking at the forum at the National Press club were three House members. Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), Rep. John Culberson (R-TX), and Rep. Charles Norwood (R-GA). Officiating at the forum was Phil Kent, AlC^s national spokesman.
W ith respect to proposed guest worker programs. Congressman Royce affirmed that any such program which would legalize the status of illegal aliens is an amnesty. The problem with granting them legal status, he continued, is that it “sends the message that individuals who want to come to our country do not have to respect our laws.” Amnesty, he maintained. simply encourages more illegal immigration.
Rep. Culberson said illegal immigration and terrorism are related problems and that “we will never win the war on terror without stopping illegal immigration.” Having just returned from a trip to Laredo, Texas, he related how he saw the two go hand-in-hand. Lardeo, the nation’s largest in-land port, he declared, is a city “under siege” by “narco terrorists” from across the border. “The level of lawlessness,” he revealed. “approaches the Wild West.” As an immediate remedy. he endorsed legislation to promote cooperation between local sheriff’s departments and the Border Patrol.
Rep. Norwood declared that “Our immigration laws are
Phil Kent, Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), Rep. John Culberson (R-TX) speaking; and Rep. Charlie Norwood (R-GA)
shattered from A to Z.” He reaffirmed support of legislation he has offered to encourage state and local law enforcement to participate in immigration law enforcement.
In response to a question from Immigration Watch editor John Vinson, the three congressmen agreed that Congress should not consider any major changes in immigration policy until reforms to curtail illegal immigration are in place and are tested to prove their effectiveness.
News Briefs —Continued from Page 3
Among its major provisions, the bill would initiate construction of a security fence on the Mexican border; deny public benefits to illegal aliens, including automatic citizenship to the children of illegals bom in the U.S.; encourage state and local enforcement of immigration laws; establish a computerized entry-exit system; authorize more manpower for the Border Patrol and internal enforcement; establish an improved verification system for employers to check legal status of workers; and increase penalties for hiring illegal aliens.
SOUTHERN POLITICAL LEADERS ARE DEMANDING ACTION AGAINST ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, reported Tom Baxter of the Cox News Service (11/ 11/05) One is Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-GA) who recently stated, “The first real speech I made in the Senate was on the immigration issue, and I basically said that after Iraq, the No. 1 issue in Georgia is immigration.” When a politician in a state far from the border makes such a statement, said Baxter, “it’s an indication of the heat politicians across the South are feeling to do something about the nation’s porous borders and its estimated 10 million plus illegal immigrants.”
Another leader cited was Rep. Sue Myrick (R-NC). She expressed great concern about the more than 300,000 illegal aliens in her state and the failure of the federal government
to deal with the problem, one example being the absence of an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) office in the state. Jack Hawke, a former North Carolina state Republican chairman, observed, “I’ve done polling for 40 years, and my impression is this moves voters as much as anything I’ve ever seen, so I think the party [that] gets out in front of it will have an advantage.”
HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY MICHAEL CHERTOFF STATED ON FOX NEWS’ “HANNITY & COLMES” PROGRAM (11/14/05) that it is not practical to round up and deport the millions of illegal aliens in the country because the cost would be great. Instead, he maintained, we should let them become “guest workers” who eventually would go home. He did not explain how our broken immigration law enforcement system could ensure their departure.
A different view is the strategy of “attrition” suggested by Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies. It would reduce the illegal alien population “by deterring the settlement of new illegals, by increasing deportations to the extent possible, and, most importantly, by increasing the number of illegals already here who give up and deport themselves....”
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Fehruai'v/Marvh 200©
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of500,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of nine million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. Other studies put the total at 12 million or more.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
Take Action Now on Pending Legislation
It appears that Congress will try to pass a major immigration bill early this year. Politicians who favor mass immigration want legislation of this sort passed as quickly as possible so that (they hope) the public will forget by electiontime in November.
The amnesty and guest worker advocates aim to use deception as their primary tactic. The following analysis by Rich Lowry at National Review Online (11/29/05) describes the strategy quite well.
“A Republican close to the White House has told Time how Bush wants to lull his conservative supporters into swallowing some sort of amnesty and a guest-worker program, i.e., a comprehensive approach: ‘Bush decided to give these guys their rhetorical pound of flesh. In return, he wants a comprehensive bill, which is what he always wanted. He’s just going to lead with a lot of noise about border security.’ “The idea is that the House ... will pass a bill with new enforcement measures, only to see the Senate pass a different bill with an amnesty and guest worker program, which
will be shoved down the throats of the House on a take-it-or-leave it basis. Supporters of tougher enforcement will have gotten their ‘noise,’ and Bush and the business lobby will have gotten their policy.”
This strategy, however, is far from foolproof. It will fail if enough Americans inform their senators and representatives that they will not be fooled. A House member friendly to AIC told us that sustained outcry from the public is the key to defeating false reform and passing genuine reform.
The key messages are these: No increase in immigration, no amnesty for illegal aliens, and no major changes in immigration policy until we enact and test specific measures to ensure proper enforcement. (See the list on page two.)
To get contact information for your representatives and senators, go to our legislative action center at our website, www.immigrationcontrol.com. There you will also find information on specific bills. Take action quickly. What happens this year, for good or ill, may have consequences for a very long time.
AIC Writes Wall Street Journal Editor
The Wall Street Journal editorial page is a leading promoter of mass immigration for the purpose of providing labor (often cheap labor) for businesses and corporations. It also supports the “outsourcing” of U.S. jobs to foreign countries. Recently, Immigration Watch editor John Vinson wrote the paper’s editorial page editor, Paul Gigot, to inquire as to how far the newspaper might be willing to carry this principle. The letter by e-mail ran as follows:
Dear Mr Gigot: 1 am the editor of Immigration Watch, a newsletter which advocates immigration restriction. In view of the Journal's numerous editorials in favor of outsourcing and immigration to take U.S. jobs, I was wondering if you have ever considered outsourcing your editorial writing, or importing foreigners to do it. In places like India, I’m sure
that there are many talented English-speaking writers who would be willing to work for longer hours and for lower wages than your current editorial staff.
This move, it would seem to me, would be most in keeping with the Journal's philosophy of cutting costs at all costs and promoting economic efficiency. Please let me know your thoughts on this idea. I believe that our readers would be most interested in your response, or lack thereof. Sincerely, John Vinson, AIC.
Gigot choose not to reply, and, as far as we know, the editorial page staff is still the same. If any Immigration Watch readers would like to add their inquiries, they can e-mail Mr. Gigot at paulgigot@wsj.com.
Washington Report
France in Flames: Cultures in Conflict
Finally, two-and-a-half weeks after the torchings began on October 27, President Jacques Chirac addressed the people of France stressing respect for the law and the need to accept the diversity of French society. The rioting, which began in one Paris suburb populated predominantly by Muslim immigrants (including second and third generations of young Islamic Arabs and Africans), spread nationwide. resulting in the torching of over 9,000 automobiles and hundreds of buildings, numerous shootings of police, and hundreds of millions of dollars of destruction.
The ineffectual leadership of Chirac was vividly obvious by the weeks of his silence. As the torchings inflamed over 300 French communities, all the world was stunned by the collapse of law and order. Could it be the beginning of another anti-Christian French Revolution as one commentator speculated?
Chirac pled with parents to take responsibility for their children as he apologized for poor schools and unemployment. Unfortunately, job growth is severely hampered by France’s socialist system and communist control of most unions.
Eventually, Chirac alluded to the root cause of the rioting—immigrants. He said he wanted the country to tighten immigration procedures and strictly apply the law that allows resident aliens to bring family members to live in France. He admitted that the government should stop both illegal immigration and the employment of illegals.
All manner of excuses have been offered for the torchings by second and third generation offspring of Muslim immigrants. For instance. The Wall Street Journal dug up a 76-year-old French Communist Party worker, named Maurice Bernard who lives in one of France’s public housing complexes in the Paris suburb of La Coumeuve. Bernard told The Journal that although the apartments were in disrepair and lawlessness prevailed, the root cause of these latest riots was unemployment among the children of the Algerian, Moroccan and Tunisian immigrants. The New York Times found 50-year-old Semou Diouf, an African. He said, “I wa6 bom in Senegal when it was part of France. 1 speak French, my wife is French, and 1 was educated in France. The problem is the French don’t think I’m French.” Times reporter Craig S. Smith wrote that ’’millions of French citizens, whether immigrants or offspring of immigrants, feel rejected by traditional French society
Yazid Sabeg, an Algerian-born Arab who was brought to France as an infant and earned his Ph.D. at the Sorbonne, told Smith, “France doesn’t know how to manage diversity. It doesn’t want to accept the consequences of a multiethnic society” Smith identified the rioters as “mostly Muslim, non-European minorities.”
The Baltimore Sun reported that the French police were “frustrated by their inability to end the violence, [which was] increasingly well-organized ....” In desperation, Chirac declared a state emergency.
France’s Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy vowed to expel any who are not French citizens. Though most of the young rioters are French-bom Muslims, they have been radicalized by anti-Western Islamic imams who are aliens.
Finally, some French leaders quietly agreed with National Party Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen who said that the violence was the result of uncontrolled immigration which constitutes “a global atomic bomb.”
In a FOX TV interview, Marvin Kalb suggested that the rioting in France “was turning into a religious war.” Kalb has correctly identified a key motivating factor which allowed the imams to continually agitate younger Muslims to riot night after night. The rioting Muslim youth were rejecting Western culture, blaming their woes on a society which has tolerated but not embraced them and their Islamic culture.
This obvious clash of cultures finally, after weeks of rioting, exposed one of the divisive differences between Western Christian Civilization and Islam. In a radio interview of November 16, Bernard Accoyer, the parliamentary leader of President Chirac’s Gaullist Party, identified Muslim polygamy as “certainly one of the causes” for France’s worst crisis in four decades. Another observer, Helene Carrere d’Encausse, historian and secretary of the Academic Francaise, also focused on the cultural difference. She said that in Muslim apartments, “There are three or four wives and 25 children.”
After the train bombings in Madrid in 2004, the subway and bus bombings in London last summer, the three recent bombings in India, etc., the evidence is clear that militant Muslims reject assimilation and integration into any society that they do not control.
The politically correct multiculturalism and diversity promoted by ivory-tower elitists has failed in the past and will fail in the future. Our diversity promoters only want power; the future of America is of no concern to them.
Hopefully, America will learn from the flames in France. But it won’t happen until American voters educate the politicians in D.C.
by Robert H. Goldsborough President. AIC
JPjUtt 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
February/Marvh 2006
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
1 am a concerned (actually very angry) U.S. citizen over our current immigration policies and ridiculous tolerance of illegal immigration. 1 am a 3rd generation Texan, and I have seen the unbelievable impacts of the unfettered immigration policies. The culture 1 grew up with and was proud of is disappearing at an alarming rate due to immigrants (mostly Hispanic but others as well). There is a limit to the value of diversity (of which there is value), but we have certainly reached the point of “diminishing marginal returns” to borrow a term from economics. Our government has completely sold us out for the sake of voters, and I am outraged. Big Business (and 1 am an MBA to boot) wants this unfettered immigration to boost sales and profits (future be damned). They are addicted to cheap labor, rather than pay the “market” price for the so-called “jobs Americans will not do.”
We must make our voices heard. Together we stand, divided we fall. I cringe at the thought of an overcrowded, crime-ridden U.S.A. that we are leaving for my daughters. I will take up the struggle, rather than leave that fate to my children.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
One of the great fallacies being cited for justifying illegal immigration is that the illegals are taking jobs Americans do not want. Here in Iowa, I see many of them working as roofers, painters, construction workers, landscapers and so forth. I can’t believe that American workers would not want these jobs. The problem is that the illegals will take them at minimum wage levels until they become skilled, then command higher pay, but still below the standard skilled-worker wage. Also, they often receive their wages in cash (I have seen these cash payments being made), thus allowing them and their employer to escape taxation. When one of them becomes highly-skilled, familiar with the market and comfortable in English, then often they form their own businesses and hire more illegals.
With some 438,000 workers in the Katrina/Rita desolation area out of work, it was ludicrous for us to allow illegals to take jobs that American workers desperately needed. It seems to me this point should be made loud and clear in challenging Congress and the president.
K.Y.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
For four years 1 have communicated via mail with a friend in Mexico. He is a sixty-five-year-old individual suffering with chronic “bronchitis” (which may be emphysema). He writes me that he wishes to migrate to America because here he can receive free medical care, and he also hopes to obtain some Social Security benefits for his disability.
He speaks little or no English at all, but, then again, why
should he? Every store you enter has a sign, “Se habla Espanol” or, if using the phone, just dial “1” for Spanish. So where is there the incentive to learn English? When my father first arrived in this country from Puerto Rico in 1928, he was obliged to learn the language as soon as possible in or-der.to find a decent paying job. So, guess what? He learned English.
Keep reminding this country that we are a “melting pot” where immigrants are assimilated into One nation. One language, One culture. This is what made this country great: “out of many One”.
Multiculturalism is ruining this. Thank you for the work you do!
R.V.
Temple Terrace, FL
Dear Editor:
One day I went to the grocery store in another state to return something that I had gotten and didn’t need. As I was standing in line at the Customer Service desk, I saw about four or five Mexicans filling out and wiring anywhere from $200 to $350 dollars to Mexico.
Then, after I returned my goods, I started my grocery shopping. I noticed that two of the Mexicans who were wiring money to Mexico were shopping as well. When I got in back of them in the check-out lane, I noticed that they had two carts full of different things. One cart had food, bread, eggs, etc., and the other had beer, magazines, cigarettes, etc. When the first cart was checked out, the Mexican gave the cashier food stamps, and when the second cart was checked out, the same Mexican gave the cashier two one-hundred dollar bills.
When these people left, I asked the cashier how can they do that, and the cashier said that they always did it. As I was leaving, I noticed that they were putting the stuff in a pretty new SUV. That too really got to me, so I asked a car dealer about this, and he said that no matter what, new or used, they either use cash or money orders to pay for their vehicles.
We always hear that we must have “compassion” for Mexican immigrants because they are poor. I wonder how they can do these things if they are impoverished.
G.J.
Louisville, KY
Dear Editor:
I would so much like to contribute to this important cause, which I so strongly believe in, but I am not able to do so now. 1 was in a car accident, and I have been unable to work for more than a year. At present I’m awaiting my third surgery at UCLA.
The real upset about all this is that I was bom and raised here in Hawthorne, California. I’ve always worked, even when I lived abroad in Italy (where I learned to speak, read and write Italian). I have started a couple of small businesses in
Continued on Page S
(‘(bnury/Mtreb 2006
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 7
Letters—Continued from Page 7
Southern California and have been self-employed in these one-woman shops. Now 1 can’t get any help when 1 need it.
While 1 recently waited at the Social Security office, I was surrounded by Mexicans who didn't speak any English at all. 1 couldn't even get SSI or Disability. I was penalized because 1 didn’t make enough from my businesses to pay into Social Security during the past few years. I can qualify for Medicaid when 1 turn 65, but a lot of good that does me now at age 52 when I cannot work (which is verified by several UCLA doctors). I need help now so that 1 can pay for my medical bills and become productive again.
1 just have to say that something is really wrong with our state and country when it treats its hard-working citizens like second-class citizens, while rewarding the illegal aliens who flood our country and cost us our tax dollars for benefits they don't pay taxes for.
It's wrong, and I'm very disappointed at our country’s leaders for constantly allowing this to continue. They are fully aw are of it all, and even more so now with the danger since 9/11.
Hawthorne, CA
SCQltl—Continued from Page 2
I Immigration reformers’ best hopes now are shoring up defenses in the House, where representative government still survives to some extent. Specifically, reformers should tell their representatives to support the five components mentioned above. House members need to hear loud and clear that the public will not accept sham reform.
As the legislative fight on immigration unfolds, stay tuned to AiC’s website, www.immigrationcontrol.com. We’ll try to cut through false rhetoric and reveal what’s really going on.
Don i Bother Him—
He’s Much Too Important
In the out-of-touch U.S. Senate there are not too many members more out of touch with mainstream America on immigration than Sen. Mike DeWine (R-OH). NumbersUSA.com, an organization which rates members of Congress on commitment to immigration reform, gives DeWine a D+ on his career voting record and an F- on his recent votes.
Roy Beck, head ofNumbersUSA.com related the following story. He said an activist contacted him about DeWine’s vote for Sen. Specter’s provision in the Budget Reconciliation bill to add about 350,000 more green cards each year for the next decade for permanent foreign workers and family members.
Apparently, DeWine had been getting a lot of calls from outraged American workers. Finally, the DeWine staffer said the extra foreign workers would just be doing jobs that Americans won’t do. The activist replied, “I had one of those jobs until it was taken by an illegal alien.” The activist said the exasperated DeWine staffer then responded, ‘‘Then go get another [job] and leave the senator alone.”
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels (5 different slogans): 100 for $5.00 (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.)
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465