AuousVSepteinbeL2005
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
AIC Takes on the Ted Kennedy Amnesty for Illegal Aliens
Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) is leading a grassroots mobilization against the sweeping amnesty proposal introduced by Senator Ted Kennedy. Deceptively named the Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act of 2005, the Kennedy amnesty would award legal status to the vast majority of the estimated nine to 12 million illegal aliens now hiding out in the U.S.
AIC is working in the news media, online, and at the grassroots level to cut through the wave of misinformation and propaganda that has accompanied the Kennedy amnesty proposal—beginning with the bill’s misleading name.
The fact is there’s no security with amnesty—and in fact, past illegal alien amnesties have paved the way for terrorist attacks. Mahmud Abouhalima, a leader of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, won legal status as a seasonal agricultural worker in the 1986 amnesty. This allowed him to travel abroad for terrorist training.
As for “orderly immigration”—a new amnesty will slam our already-chaotic border with disorder and violence as a new flood of illegal aliens seek to infiltrate our country in the hopes of being rewarded with legal status. Previous amnesties during the past 19 years, which politicians promised would secure America’s borders, in reality sparked new surges in illegal immigration.
Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) is taking the initiative in debunking all the myths surrounding the Kennedy amnesty and alerting Americans to the facts the national media—which idolizes Ted Kennedy —won’t report.
Myth; Kennedy claims his bill is not an amnesty because, “legal status must be earned by proving past work contributions, making a substantial future work commitment, and paying monetary penalties.”
Fact: Illegal aliens who have broken our laws have already proven their character. Their “commitments” are worthless. And the meager fines proposed by the
In This Issue	
Editor’s View						Page 2
Immigration News Briefs			Page 3
Washington Report					........ Page 6
Letters to the Editor			Page 7
—

Senator Ted Kennedy
Kennedy amnesty are meaningless slaps on the wrist for illegal aliens who often pay smugglers thousands of dollars to enter America in the first place.
Myth: According to supporters of the Kennedy amnesty, “[America] must recognize reality and implement a tightly structured program ... to securely, and legally, fill jobs that no American is available for or wants to do”
Fact: America hardly needs outsiders to fill our jobs. Despite talk of economic recovery in recent years, research compiled by AIC shows that America has lost a net total of more than one million private sector jobs since 2001. Even in agriculture—which allegedly requires illegal aliens—we have too many workers looking for work. In California, two to three workers now compete for each of the state’s 400,000 to 500,000 seasonal farm jobs.
By going along with the Kennedy amnesty and rewarding millions of illegal aliens with legal status. Congress would show the world just how little it values America’s laws, our nation's workers, and the idea of citizenship itself. AIC will not allow that to happen. Stay tuned for future updates on AlC’s campaign ugainst the Kennedy amnesty.
...AND I DEMAND AMNESTY AND CITIZENSHIP!
YES, YOUR HIGHNESS. YOUR WISH IS OUR ENRICHMENT.
POLniQA
PfiMSt*
IN-iTAps Turn gw
r.-	-	/pMtyr
I WAS GOING TO CALL THE CARTOON "THE THREE WISE MEW'—BUT IT JUST WON'T PT.
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
NEWSWEEK WRITER ROBERT SAMUELSON observed (6/13/05) that mass immigration is overwhelming our capacity to assimilate immigrants. “Americans,” said Samuelson, “rightly glorify our heritage of absorbing immigrants. . . . But no society has a boundless capacity to accept newcomers, especially when many are poor and unskilled. There are now an estimated 34 million immigrants in the United States, about a third of them illegal. About 35 percent lack health insurance, and 26 percent receive some sort of federal benefit.... To make immigration succeed, we need (paradoxically) to control immigration.”
He added, “Although this is common sense, it’s common sense that fits uneasily inside our adversarial political culture. You’re supposed to be either pro-immigrant or anti-immigrant—it’s hard to be pro-immigrant and pro-tougher immigration restrictions. But that’s the
Augusl/bepleiiiber 2005
sensible position, as any examination of immigration trends suggests.”
ARIZONA GOV. JANET NAPOLITANO CHARGED the federal government with failure to control illegal immigration, while adding that state and local governments would have to do more to deal with the problem. Nevertheless, she made this statement, reported by the Associated Press (6/7/05), shortly after vetoing key measures by the Arizona legislature to discourage illegal immigration.
The vetoed bills would have 1) rejected the Mexican matricula card as valid identification; 2) authorized state and local law enforcement to enforce immigration law; 3) broadened the categories of public assistance denied to illegal aliens.
Continued on Page 4 rage 3
IMMIGRATION WATCH
AIC Builds Ties with Grassroots
AIC has moved this year to reach more Americans and forge closer alliances with grassroots organizations. We began this effort in February by participating at the C-PAO conference in Washington, D.C. At this meeting of conservative and traditionalists from around the country. AIC representatives passed out literature and made contacts with individuals and groups. AIC’s message strongly opposed amnesty for illegal aliens. A poll taken at the end of the conference found strong opposition to President Bush s guest worker/amnesty proposal, even though most attendees were supporters of the president.
In April, AIC joined immigration control activists from around the country in Washington, D.C. for several days of strategizing and lobbying. The activities began with a rally in Lafayette Park, where Immigration Watch editor John Vinson spoke on behalf of AIC. At the end of May. Vinson also spoke at the “Unite to Fight” summit of immigration reform groups in Las Vegas. Participants from all parts of the country came together to share ideas and network. The keynote speaker at the meeting was Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO).
In June, AIC participated in an immigration conference at the University of Georgia. (For a detailed account of that event, see page five.)
During the remainder of the year, AIC is launching a speakers bureau in Virginia with the aim of reaching political and civic groups, particularly in the Washington, D.C. area. The focus will be on rallying opposition to illegal alien amnesties.
Along with grassroots work, AIC is continuing its cooperation with other national organizations to coordi-nate lobbying and media campaigns.
News Briefs —Continued from Page
Rep. Russell Pearce (R-Mesa) said Napolitano’s call for state and local involvement, in light of her actions, was “political pandering .... [while] doing everything she can to prevent enforcement of our immigration laws.”
ROLL CALL, WHICH COVERS WASHINGTON POLITICS, reported (6/7/05) that Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO) is “[leaving] open the possibility of a White House run” in 2008. Tancredo, who heads the House Immigration Reform Caucus, has made contacts in New Hampshire and Iowa, the two key states in the early primary season.
Will Adams, a spokesman for the Colorado congressman, told Roll Call that “President Bush has a poor record on border security, and (Tancredo] wants to be sure that the next president does better. Whether that means he makes a run for [the White House], that’s a decision to be made a lot further down the road, but for now he’s interested in influencing the debate.”
(Above) John Vinson addresses immigration reformers in Washington, D.C. (Below) Illegal alien advocates protest Las Vegas reform conference with Mexican flags.
LEO BANKS REPORTED FOR THE TUCSON WEEKL Y (6/2/05) on the burden of medical care for illegal aliens. He noted the federal law, in effect for 20 years, that allows illegals to get treatment at our hospitals free of charge. The consequence, he observed, “[is] a kind of federal health insurance program for illegals, and its rising costs are eating up resources that otherwise go to poor and uninsured American citizens. It has created a financial nightmare for border hospitals and contributed to cutbacks in services at Tucson hospitals.”
In terms of the total costs, “The most comprehensive study on the subject found that 24 counties in four states bordering Mexico wracked up $190 million in unpaid emergency medical bills caring for illegals in the year 2000. The study, commissioned by the U.S.-Mexico Border Counties Coalition, found that California spent $79 million of that; Texas, $74 million; Arizona, $31 million; and New Mexico, $6 million.
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
August/Scptember 2005
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of 500,000 illegal aliens have entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. Other studies put the total at 12 million or higher.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador, 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
UGA Conference Hears Reform Views
AIC caused a stir at the June 6-7 University of Georgia conference, “Finding Solutions: Latinos and the Socio-Economic Development of the Southeast.”
AIC spokesman Phil Kent analyzed “the growing underground economy fostered by illegals,” opposed all congressional amnesties and attacked “a magnet for illegal aliens—granting citizenship to every baby bom to a female who has snuck into our country.” Asked if this was “racist,” Kent noted a Zogby poll that citizens of all major ethnic groups by large margins want illegal immigration stopped and oppose any benefits for illegals. (Kent unveiled the poll in May on Lou Dobbs’ CNN TV program.)
At one point, conference organizer Jorge Atilles tried to bar AIC cameraman John Clark. Kent responded, “Conference officials said everything would be on the record. What open borders radicalism do you want to hide?” Clark was soon allowed back in with his camera.
Georgia Sen. Sam Zamarippa said, “Stop calling us
illegal . . I we are people.”
Kent countered this was a slap at every citizen or legal resident “who follow the law.”
Josh Bernstein with the National Immigration Law Center attacked “restrictionists” as “against children”—responding to Kent on “anchor baby” citizenship. Panelist Ryan Ellis of Americans for Tax Reform—who said he is a “Republican”—criticized Kent for “being negative.”
Ellis called for “border controls that allow people to
quickly pass through security” and openly advised conferees: “Know your audience—Republicans in power— and pay lip service to having one language.”
Illegal Lobby—Continued from Page 2
live illegally in the U.S. The recently passed REAL ID Act, he maintained, will be helpful toward this goal by denying driver’s licenses to illegals. He also recommended a more effective verification system for employment, seizure of illegal aliens’ assets, and passage of the CLEAR Act, the measure to encourage state and local law enforcement to enforce immigration law.
The key, however, he affirmed, is our government sending the message that we are serious about law enforcement. Kirkorian noted that illegal immigration from Mexico declined for a while after 1986—until it became obvious that the employer sanctions law was toothless. Also, with respect to self-deportation, about 16,000 out of 26,000 Pakistani illegal aliens went home after the post 9/11 crackdown on violators from Islamic countries.
Amnesty proposals, by contrast, send the unmistakable message that we reward lawlessness and that our country is free for the taking. Mr. Kirkorian’s attrition plan is a reasonable plan with much promise. Nevertheless, we can be sure as sunrise following sunset that the illegal lobby will call it impractical, unworkable, inhumane, and a lot of other bad things. Such claims, coming from habitual liars, should merit no respect.
If the amnesty advocates have any integrity in them at all, let them explain how our country can exist without the rule of law. Let them explain how we can maintain America if anyone and everyone can come here and dictate to Americans what our country will be. If they refuse to explain, then we can conclude that their loyalty to country is just as deficient as their allegiance to truth.
August/feeptember 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Washington Report
Put Troops on the Border
As the Minutemen demonstrated so successfully in April, their mere presence on the Arizona-Mexico border stopped the tidal waves of immigrants illegally entering the United States in that area. The peaceful and dedicated work of those volunteers focused national attention upon the crisis as it revealed several important points:
•	The invasion of America by illegal aliens, including potential terrorists and drug smugglers on a daily, round-the-clock schedule, is a major national security threat;
•	This threat to America’s survival as a sovereign, peaceful and law-abiding nation has not been taken seriously by this administration and certain members of Congress from both political parties;
•	This illegal alien invasion can be stopped on a permanent basis if the president orders sufficient manpower deployed on the border immediately and if President Bush and Senators Kennedy, McCain, Lieberman, Brownback, et al, stop offering so-called “worker permit” amnesties for illegal aliens;
•	This monstrous threat to America’s security could be greatly reduced by the strict enforcement of current laws which penalize companies for hiring illegal aliens followed by widespread publication of violating corporations. The scofflaw and anti-American attitude of those who employ illegal aliens is unacceptable.
The onerous efforts of those civil liberties organizations, racial open-border lobbying groups, and self-serving politicians who unjustly smear the Minutemen as “vigilantes” have backfired. The Minutemen are modern day patriots who want only to protect their lives, their homes, and their country. They are an inspiration to most Americans.
One such inspiring patriot in the U.S. Congress is Representative Virgil H. Goode, Jr. (R-5th VA) who on January 5, 2003 introduced H.R. 277 “to amend title 10 of the United States Code to authorize the Secretary of Defense to assign members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps to assist the Department of Homeland Security in the performance of border protection functions.” Rep. Goode had a dozen co-sponsors when he initially introduced that important bill, a defense measure which A1C actively supported and promoted.
On April 28 of this year, Representative Goode re-introduced H.R. 277 as the “Troops on the Border” bill now designated H.R. 1986, and as of this writing, he has 37 co-sponsors* On May 26, Rep. Goode also offered an amendment to the Defense authorization
Pugg 6
bill which authorized the U.S. military to assist the Homeland Security with the protection of our borders. This is a common-sense measure much more needed today than when AIC first proposed such legislation more than a decade ago. Fortunately, the amendment passed overwhelmingly by a vote of 244 to 185.
Unfortunately, the amendment does not compel the president to act.
It is imperative that AIC members write, e-mail or fax President Bush to immediately implement deployment of troops on the border if he is serious about real homeland security for America. As Commander-in-Chief of the United States of America, Bush must reject the advice of the neo-cons who would needlessly sacrifice American lives in endless wars defending the borders of other countries. The President of the United States has a primary obligation to defend the borders of America, not the borders of foreign lands.
Take Action Against Amnesty
With Congress now considering amnesties for illegal aliens, particularly the Kennedy-McCain bill, S.1033, and its House companion, H.R. 2330, it is crucual for our lawmakers in Washington to hear what most Americans think. To register your convictions and concerns, go to AIC’s website www.immigrationcontrol.com and click on our Legislative Action Center. There you will find information on the above-mentioned bills, and the postal and e-mail addresses of your congressmen, along with the phone numbers of their Washington offices.
Also, consider joining our legislative alert list, which will allow you to receive e-mails on fast breaking legislative developments. Please send us your e-mail and postal addresses. The latter will enable our system to locate your representatives and senators. You may send the information to our postal address, or you may e-mail us at aic@immigrationcontrol.com.
IMMIGRATION WATCH
August/Septeiuber 2005
by Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
Pape 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Auguat/Septvmber 2005
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
Thank you for your massive efforts to educate our citizens and save our nation from the curse of immigration! I keep a stack of Common Sense on Mass Immigration and have given out hundreds of copies. No issue facing our nation and the world is more important than immigration.
I pay private health insurance for the three members of my family. Each year, the premiums increase to the point that I am now paying $1,650 per quarter with a $2,500 per person deductible. This does not include dental, prescriptions, etc. With each annual increase of premiums I get a sappy letter from the insurance company touting our “great medical care.” I know I am paying for those who have no insurance, many of whom are immigrants.
I recently read articles in a metropolitan newspaper about immigrants getting public benefits. No wonder the Third World thinks they can come here and live off of us!
Keep up the good fight! Your efforts are on my heart and mind constantly. You and those who stand with you on the issue of immigration are the true Americans! Don’t give up!
N.B.
St. Louis, MO
Dear Editor:
I am a medical doctor. The following is a letter I sent to California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger urging him to consider the impact of immigration on the Medi-Cal program:
In my experience, more than 95 percent of the patients I see on Medi-Cal are immigrants from another country, legal and illegal. They often have given all their assets to their children. These relatives are often doctors, lawyers, or above middle-income individuals. Therefore, I recommend you consider having the legislature change Medi-Cal requirements so that the patient needs to live in this country or in this state as a naturalized citizen for at least 5-10 years before becoming eligible for Medi-Cal. Also, investigation needs to be performed to see if these individuals have transferred all their assets to their relatives, which I see happening frequently. If the relatives have a certain above average income, they should then be responsible for this individual’s medical care for the first 5-10 years he is in the state.
The above considerations should greatly reduce the enrollment in Medi-Cal, saving the state billions and billions of dollars. I hope these comments are helpful to you when you consider your budget problems.
H.R.
Santa Ana, CA
Dear Editor:
I live in Arizona, and I can tell you we have been invaded. My husband and I moved here in 1985, and it no longer looks the way it did then.
In my opinion the one law that needs to be changed immediately is “birthright citizenship.” Why in the world is it legal for an illegal immigrant woman to give birth, and that child automatically becomes a citizen? This allows that child, and indirectly the mother, to receive all the “freebies” from the government.
In my town women who cannot speak English are getting WIC, food stamps, help with rent, and medical benefits. No wonder the men “workers” can send so much money back to Mexico or wherever. If you have a wife or girlfriend who has three or four kids, you have got it made financially.
These “citizen children” can be on WIC for five years. We have to educate them, and have to do it in a way they understand, which means “bi-lingual.” Inci-dently, our esteemed governor just vetoed a bill to make English our state’s primary language.
I cannot for the life of me figure out why our politicians would let this happen to America. The first person in America who runs for a high office and who wants to close our borders has my vote. And return all illegals here back to their own country.
L.M.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
My wife and I were eating at a nice restaurant while on vacation near Lake Chelan in eastern Washington recently, and the very nice, “laid back” manager sat down at our table. During our conversation he happened to volunteer that a young Mexican woman that he employed in the kitchen had just returned from visiting her ailing grandparents in Mexico. It had cost this lady $2,300 to be smuggled back into the United States in a vehicle’s “speaker box.” He asked if we would like to meet her, and we said yes.
You could tell that her manager was very proud of her. We asked her what it was like to be smuggled into our country. She said, “It wasn’t too bad, I was only doubled up in the speaker box for about 20 minutes, then it was over.”
When she left our table, I couldn’t help but think, what if the driver had accepted $50,000 for smuggling in a “dirty bomb.” I heard on a television “special” that this was the going rate to smuggle in Arab illegal aliens, who would then disappear without a trace into our great Southwest.
I asked the manager if, since it was illegal to hire her, he wasn’t concerned about possible arrest. He said,
August/feeptefiiber 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page 8 Page 7
Letters —Continued from Page 7
“not really." We then left the restaurant realizing that we had just had an “in your face” illegal Mexican experience.
Whatever happened to ethics and patriotism in this country, and why has the whole thing become so absurd along the Mexican border?
P.H.
Kirkland, WA
Dear Editor:
I and many others are disturbed about what is happening to our country and the fact that so few elected officials seem to care or have the guts to bring the problem into focus, even if it means the complete collapse of the greatest nation on earth.
The problem I refer to is the uncontrolled influx of foreigners. We hear all sorts of reasons. Big business says there aren’t enough qualified workers to fill all the hi-tech jobs. This does not hold water. There are plenty of workers here; the imports just work for lower wages and make more profit for big business.
My greatest concern, however, is the uncontrolled number of Mexicans and other Hispanics. I have lived and worked among the Mexican people for 56 of my 81 years. I have traveled in Mexico from Juarez in the north to the Yucatan in the south, and I have personally observed some of the most primitive people in this hemisphere, although Mexico City was founded 100 years before the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock.
The people of Mexico have been making war against each other for over 400 years and are still doing so. Corruption prevails. It is unsafe for visitors to travel on their highways. Three people, including a two-year old child, were murdered on a road 30 miles from Monterrey just recently. The victims were from my city.
Immigrants from Mexico, in general, simply aren’t bringing us the qualities of past immigration. Mexican immigrants lead most others in crime, distribution of
drugs, children born out of wedlock, school drop-outs, and assistance programs of every sort. There are those who have lived here for 50 years who cannot read, write, or understand the English language and have no desire to do so. And making matters worse, powerful Hispanic lobby groups do all they can to discourage assimilation. They want to keep the immigrants ignorant and control them. This is the way it is in Mexico. The wealthy bosses (patrones) rule the masses of peasants (peones).
If something isn’t done soon to stop this flow of Mexicans and other Hispanics, in 50 years they will out-vote us from the courthouse to the White House. They are an extremely clannish people and they will vote for their own, no matter what. They have small clubs and various organizations throughout the land, and only a Hispanic can belong. Can you imagine living in the United States, governed by Mexican officials? Spend some time in the interior of Mexico and find out for yourself.
J.W.
Port Lavaca, TX
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465