June/July 2005
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Border Funding Flip-Flop:
Bush Breaks Promise to Border Patrol
President George W. Bush continued his misguided approach to America’s immigration crisis by failing to fund the 2,000 new Border Patrol agents mandated by the intelligence reform bill he signed late last year, and by continuing to advocate amnesty for illegal aliens.
Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) was one of the first to sound the alarm over this dangerous reduction in America’s border control and is now mobilizing grassroots Americans to demand a fully funded, well-manned border. Now lawmakers from both parties are echoing AIC’s calls for President Bush to keep his promise and guarantee funding for all 2,000 border agents promised to the American people.
“There isn’t a divide and should not be a divide on the question of terrorism,” says Democratic Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee of Texas, citing recent reports—including a warning from FBI Director Robert Mueller—that people with links to al-Qaida are entering America through the undermanned U.S.-Mexico border.
Republican Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, also from Texas, agrees. “When Congress passed the intelligence reform bill in December, we made clear the need for increased patrols along our borders,” Sen. Hutchison explained in a statement. “We need to do more than the president’s budget proposes.” AIC is working across party lines to alert all Americans to President Bush’s wrongheaded cuts in America’s border security. We have no choice but to lead this fight. These cuts come as illegal immigration is reaching an all-time high; violence on our borders is at a fever pitch; and the threat of terrorism from illegal aliens is greater than ever.
Research uncovered by Immigration Watch shows a rapidly growing illegal alien population in the United States—with many illegals lured by the numerous amnesties being debated in Congress. As law enforcement and terrorism experts are making clear, these illegal aliens are not the “honest, hardworking” types described by the mass immigration lobbyists.
Editor's View	 «....................Page	2
Immigration News Briefs ...........................  Page	8
Washington Report..............................      Page	6
Letters to the Editor.............................    Page	7
Border Patrol officer apprehends illegal aliens.
FBI Director Robert Mueller warns that terrorists from countries with ties to al-Qaida have crossed into the U.S. from Mexico. “We really don’t know who comes in illegally over the Southwest border,” says Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California. ‘This is a big problem.”
Equally problematic is the growing epidemic of border violence that threatens the lives of hard-working, underpaid Border Patrol agents. Sixty-four Border Patrol agents were assaulted in just one three-month span along a 260-mile stretch of the Arizona-Mexico border— the country’s busiest illegal entry point. Border Patrol agents are seeing, on average, one assault every two days, and this violence is on pace to shoot up by 80 percent this year.
This is literally a life-and-death matter. That’s why border security—and thus your security and the safety of all Americans—ranks as a top priority for AIC and Immigration Watch. We’re getting the facts out and keeping the pressure on the White House and Congress to fully fund and staff our Border Patrol. We’ll keep you posted on the success we see from this effort.
Editor’s View
Immigrants Take Teen Jobs
An AIC supporter in North Carolina related the following story. His teenage son was making money cutting lawns. One of his customers, however, decided to drop his services. She explained that she could hire “Mexicans' to do the work for less.
Immigrationists reassure us that immigrants (legal and illegal) only do the jobs that Americans refuse to do. This cliche, so oft repeated, rings bitterly in the ears of a growing number of Americans—and our young people are significant among them. Traditionally in the United States, teenagers in school have done low-skill and relatively low-paying jobs during summer vacations, while sometimes working part-time during the school year. Those not completing high school and those not college-bound have worked full-time.
Today, the picture is changing. During the past four years, the number of teenagers holding jobs declined by a total of 1.3 million. One reason, noted Andrew Sum, an economist at Northeastern University, is immigration. Nationally, 36 percent of teenagers are employed. In New York City, a leading destination of immigrants, only 22 percent have jobs.
Commenting on this situation, New York Times writer Jennifer Steinhauer observed, “The city’s teenagers have always worked less than the rest of the nation’s youth, in large part because of a general surplus in the city’s overall labor force, and because New York teenagers are more likely to be in school. But the numbers of teenagers seeking jobs in the city have thinned at a far faster rate than in the rest of the country in the past 15 years, coinciding with a period of explosive growth in the immigrant population of the city"
This is a sad situation. As Steinhauer also noted, “Jobs that once gave teenagers their first taste of long days, clock-punching and the particular pleasures of interacting with the general public are now filled by older workers, a reality that could lead to a future workforce with fewer skills and less practical work experience than any in a generation, labor experts say” For this reason—among many others—cheap immigrant labor isn’t nearly so cheap as immigrationists claim. The costs go beyond dollars and cents.
Immigration Watch is published by Americans lor Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in Ns publications. Opinions expressed In signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch Is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
Nevertheless, some claim that teenagers aren’t working because they are pampered and lazy, and simply don’t want to work.
This is a pretty broadbrush statement, but some employers do complain that teens today don’t have the work ethic of past generations. Mass immigration itself, however, is one source of the problem. The obsessive praise of cheap immigrant labor has led some young Americans to believe that certain types of work are beneath them. And the depressed wages of these jobs—resulting from immigration—have made these jobs even more unattractive. Also unappealing is work on job sites where many of your co-workers don’t speak your language, or perhaps won’t like you.
In spite of these disincentives, many U.S. teenagers want work, and indeed many need work. Certainly it is unfair and wrong to force them to compete with foreign-born adults, many of whom are here illegally. Libertarian fanatics will reply, of course, that our teens’ loss is no problem because that’s the verdict of “free enterprise.” But the enterprise of cheap immigrant labor is anything but free when taxpayers have to pick up the social services tab for immigrant workers. Economics aside, we have every right to favor our young people—particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds—over newcomers who have little stake in our country.
If you, the reader, are middle-aged or older, think back on your first job. Maybe it was menial work, but
Continued on Page 5
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$3.00 lor 10 copies $6.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC * PO Box 736 * Monterey, VA 24465 Phone: 540-468-2023 Website: www.immigrationcontrol.com
by John C. Vinson Editor
Page 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/Juh 2005
.-AND IT HAS BEEN &WICAU.Y PROVEN THAT lANMiagANTS
w> NOT TAKE
AW^RICAM JOBS!
m IMMIGRANTS
TAKE OUR JO&S.
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
SEN. JON KYL (R-AZ) strongly criticized Mexican President Vicente Fox for saying that U.S. efforts to deter illegal immigration are “discriminatory” and “against freedom ” Said Kyi, “The United States is a sovereign nation that has every right to protect its borders, as other countries do, without baseless accusations of ‘discrimination.’ ”
The Arizona senator stated that Fox’s statements are particularly “galling” because Mexico regularly mistreats foreigners who try to cross its southern border. He added, “The process of entering the United States legally is straightforward and not terribly difficult—it seems painfully obvious that deterrence measures . . . only ‘discriminate’ against those who intend to break the law.”
THE ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, sheriffs department is planning to send as many as 500 of its deputies to the U.S. Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for training. This instruction will allow them to enforce immigration law in the course of investigations.
As Orange County makes this move, the Los Angeles Police Department is reconsidering its “sanctuary policy” which forbids officers to arrest illegal aliens on the basis of immigration law. The change now being considered would permit arrests of illegals who have returned to the U.S. after being deported.
Prompting these developments, reported The Los Angeles Times (4/1/05) is heightened concern about terrorism and the rise of illegal alien gangs.
“IN THE PAST FOUR YEARS,” reported The Christian Science Monitor (3/10/05), “the number of immigrants into the U.S., legal and illegal, has closely matched the number of new jobs. That suggests newcomers have, in effect, snapped up all the new jobs.”
Cited in the article was Andrew Sum, an economist at Northeastern University, who observed, ‘There has been no net job gain for natives.” Immigrants are not
just taking jobs Americans refuse to do, the article noted. Today only about a third of U.S. teenagers hold jobs, a percentage reflecting the loss of 1.3 million teen jobs during the past four years. Sum cited immigration as a factor in the decline.
THE GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE (GAO) found that 8,900 employers filed more than 1,000 inaccurate W-2 forms on their workers between 1985 and 2000. One firm filed 33,448 inaccurate W-2s in one year. Almost half were in fields of employment where many illegal aliens work. The GAO said that the Department of Homeland Security should take action against employers “who submit inaccurate information ... to conceal unauthorized work activity.”
In agreement was House Judiciary Chairman James Sensenbrenner (R-WI). “I believe,” said Sensenbrenner, “that the Department of Homeland Security should establish a procedure for investigating those companies that continue to send bad W-2s year after year.” Action is necessary, he maintained, because “Every community in America has begun to recognize the hidden cost of employing illegal aliens, from overcrowded emergency rooms in bankrupt hospitals to schools overcrowded with indigent children who require special language teachers that most school districts can’t afford.”
IMMIGRATION CONTROL ACTIVISTS in California have protested Home Depot’s policy of giving hiring preference to Spanish-speaking employees. It is doing so in “partnership" with the National Council of La Raza, an organization which usually resists proposals to control illegal immigration. The patriotic activists also charge that Home Depot provides money to provide hiring centers for illegal alien day laborers.
In defense of its hiring policy, the corporation stated, “At Home Depot we believe that diversity is the catalyst for innovative thinking, entrepreneurial spirit and new ways of building communities.”
June/July 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
Officer Exposes Wide Open Border
By Joe Smith
Editor's Note: Joe Smith is the pen name of a Border Patrol officer currently on duty. He submitted the following article to Immigration Watch.
Years ago, 1 decided to go back to school and change careers. Law enforcement interested me. Aha! Enter the United States Border Patrol. It sounded like a way of serving my country while running around and getting loads of experience in my chosen field. In hindsight, I would have gotten more experience in law enforcement by standing in front of the mayor’s office and smoking crack. Not knowing then what I know now, I went ahead and joined the illustrious Border Patrol.
I won't bore you with the details, but I’ve been in the Border Patrol for five years now. Health problems have prevented me from switching to a more worthwhile government agency. When I first got to my duty station in South Texas, I was told by my training agents that if I expected to make a difference, I was going to be sorely disappointed. I went ahead and did my job anyway.
When I first got to my duty station in South Texas, I was told by my training agents that if I expected to make a difference, I was going to be sorely disappointed. I went ahead and did my job anyway.
After September 11,2001,1 and many others expected tilings to get better for us. After all, weren’t many of the hijackers illegal at the time they committed their crimes? Instead of getting better, my job grew steadily worse. At a time when as many agents as possible were needed to run around catching people, we were assigned duties like protecting our building which hadn’t existed before. Sometimes, we would have as many as four agents from one shift sitting in front of buildings. In addition, we were losing very good agents to the Air Marshals, so we needed the manpower. Then, in his infinite wisdom, someone ordained that agents from our area of South Texas were needed up on the northern border. Some of our agents were sent up to North Dakota to protect that area. Why North Dakota? A rule on the books is that in an emergency each Border Patrol station should have a certain number of agents, and North Dakota was short of bodies. I don’t recall them catching anyone who had come across the border up there. And, who would? I cannot imagine that terrorists would be running across the border in 40 below weather on the wind-swept plains of the praines. However, our quota was satisfied.
Over time, things got still worse than that. For approximately the last year-and-a-half, the funds needed
Illegal aliens crossing into Arizona from Mexico.
to detain anyone from a country other than Mexico (or OTMs for Other Than Mexicans as we call them) have dried up. We’ve always had periods where all the OTMs were being released into the United States until bed space became available. In the past, that would occur for brief spells. Not anymore. The funds stopped for sending OTMs to camp. Chinese, Brazilians and Guatemalans were coming up to us and surrendering knowing that we would cut paperwork on them, and then release them.
I imagine you already know that the paperwork consists of giving the aliens a court date for showing up to plead their case for staying in the country. Of course, most of them don’t have any hope of winning such a court case, so they simply don’t appear, and no one goes looking for them.
It got so bad that aliens were running after our agents as our agents drove away from them. So many of our agents took to doing this that the aliens started coming over and dialing 911. Once the police picked them up, then we had to go pick up the aliens; we couldn't ignore them. (Of course driving away from the aliens is a dereliction of duty and punishable by being fired, but picking up the aliens only meant that you would spend at least two-and-a-half hours doing paperwork on every single one caught and then driving them to the bus station and releasing them. I consider that a bigger dereliction of duty.)
Through either incompetence or by evil design, the Bush administration is trying to grant amnesty, whether Congress approves it or not. The OTMs are virtually all being released into the United States as if amnesty were in place. Before I left south Texas, we often had half of our shift doing nothing but paperwork to release aliens. That meant that we had half the manpower out in the field to catch people, when we're an understaffed agency
Continued on Page 8
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/JulY 2005
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.8. admitted an average of
200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of 500,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
Americans for Immigration Control has surveyed members and supporters to ask their views on topics related to general immigration levels and illegal immigration. The annual level of legal immigration is around one million a year. Also each year, 500,000 illegal aliens arrive and settle permanently. The results of the survey, summarized below, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
Immigration Levels
1)	How would you describe current levels of immigration? Too High, 95 percent; Too Low, zero percent; About Right, two percent; Not Sure/Undecided, three percent.
2)	How many legal immigrants (including refugees) do you believe that the United States should legally admit each year? None, 45 percent; 300,000 or less, 53 percent; 500,000 to one million, two percent; more than one million, zero percent.
Teens —Continued from page 2
consider the lessons it taught you and how those lessons may have helped you to succeed later on in life. Would you like for your children and grandchildren to have the opportunity to learn those same lessons? Can they develop a work ethic early in life if they can’t find decent work? Also bear in mind that as adults they may face growing competition from immigrants, as many American adults - ranging from construction workers to computer programmers — already are.
If these issues concern you, ignore the “jobs Americans won’t do” propaganda. Contact your Washington representatives and just say no to mass immigration, illegal alien amnesties and open-ended guest worker programs. Do it today. One day your kids and grandkids will bless you.
3)	Do you believe Congress should place stricter limits on legal immigration? Yes, 96 percent; No, zero percent; Not Sure, four percent.
Illegal Immigration
1)	Are you concerned about the current unprecedented levels of illegal immigration? Yes, 100 percent; No, zero percent; Not Sure, zero percent.
2)	Congress is now debating legislation to give amnesty to as many as 11 million illegal aliens in America. Do you believe this is the right direction for America? Yes, zero percent; No, 97 percent; Not Sure, three percent.
3)	Do you think that our government is doing enough to secure America’s borders against foreign terrorists? Yes, two percent; No, 93 percent; Not Sure, five percent.
TAKE ACTION
With Congress now considering amnesties for illegal aliens, it is crucial for our lawmakers in Washington to hear what most Americans think. To register your viewpoint, go to AIC's website www.immigrationcontrol.com and click on our Legislative Action Center. There you will find information on pending legislation, and the postal and e-mail addresses of your congressmen, along with the phone numbers of their Washington offices.
Also, consider joining our legislative alert list, which will allow you to receive e-mails on fast breaking legislative developments. Please send us your e-mail and postal addresses. The latter will enable our system to locate your representatives and senators. You may send the information to our postal address, or e-mail us at aitf&mmigrationcontrol.com.
June/July 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Washington Report
Reactionary Name Calling
I’m a firm believer in the freedom of speech. It’s one of the freedoms which makes America so great; however it must never be abused or misused. To yell “fire” in a crowded theater causing a panicked stampede to the exits, when there is no fire, is a malevolent abuse of this valuable freedom. Apologies from the guilty culprit to those injured is not sufficient; a proper judicial response would be reparations and perhaps even jail time.
Most Americans, I believe, have deep appreciation and great respect for this freedom which is denied to billions of persons in many lands. Unfortunately, there are a few individuals who misuse this freedom to malign others. A case in point pops into mind: an unwarranted verbal attack by President George W. Bush.
On March 23, when Mexico’s President Vicente Fox and Canada’s Prime Minister Paul Martin met in Texas, the subject of their discussion naturally turned to the question of what to do about the millions of Mexicans who flood across the U.S. border illegally. Bush has never been outraged at this continuous uninterrupted lawlessness. Quite the contrary; he has encouraged it by stating his intentions to offer legislation allowing the lawbreakers to be rewarded with worker permits and ultimately citizenship because, in his opinion, they are “hard working.”
... millions of Mexicans ... flood across the U.S. border illegally. Bush has never been outraged at this continuous uninterrupted lawlessness. Quite to the contrary; he has encouraged it....
At the meeting in Texas, Bush publicly promised Fox that he would “continue working on it. You don’t have my pledge that Congress will act, because I’m not a member of the legislative branch. But you will have my pledge that I will continue to push our Congress to come up with rational, commonsense immigration policy.” There is nothing rational about Bush’s scheme which is nothing more than another amnesty rewarding the lawbreakers!
And, as if that wasn’t bad enough—a public affirmation at a major news conference that upholding the law is meaningless to the president—President Bush continued to voice his irrationality with his outrageous attack upon U.S. citizens who have decided to try to protect their own lives and properties from these alien criminals because the federal government has not provided adequate protection.
In front of Mexico’s President Fox and Canada’s Prime Minister Martin, Bush told the national media, “I’m against vigilantes.” In his self-serving attack on patriotic Americans, Bush used the noun vigilante in the pejorative sense so as to placate a foreign leader!
Has Bush abused freedom of speech with his illogical and unwarranted namecalling? Absolutely!
Bush was obviously stunned by the commitment of hundreds of U.S. citizens volunteering to stand watch in April at the border to guard our homeland against illegals, drug smugglers and potential terrorists. On March 30, just one week after his verbal abuse of the volunteers, the Homeland Security Department announced that it would assign more than 500 additional Border Patrol agents to the wide-open Arizona border in order to help keep potential terrorists and illegal immigrants from entering the country. The big question is why Bush waited four years to do this.
The Baltimore Sun of March 30 said, “The border buildup was to be announced today—two days before civilian volunteers with the so-called Minuteman Project [are] to begin a month long Arizona patrol against immigrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico line. About 155 agents will be immediately sent to Arizona, according to department officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because the buildup was not yet announced.” The Homeland Security Department’s announcement at this particular time looks suspiciously reactionary and self-serving to say the least. The Minuteman volunteers deserve the thanks of the American people, and President Bush deserves another of AIC’s head-in-the-sand Ostrich Awards for his name-calling and seriously abusing the freedom of speech Americans cherish. I suspect Bush hated the fact that the Minuteman border watchers called attention to his dereliction of duty as Commander in Chief.
America is worth saving, and that effort must begin immediately on our borders with Mexico and Canada. Join AIC today. If you are already a member of A1C, then please recruit at least two more like-minded patriots as soon as possible. The larger our organization is, the greater the clout we have with Congress.
Png* 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/Julv 2005
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
Thank you so much for bringing all these facts about immigration to my attention. You are a tremendous source of information; I am so glad I found you. Not too long ago, 1 was quite liberal on many of these issues. In places like New York City, Arizona and California, it’s not popular to voice your concerns or opinions on immigration, and you are basically told that you lack intellect and tolerance for doing so. Now in my 30’s, I am thoroughly appalled by the damage that immigration has brought to American life and culture, the legacy of our great Founding Fathers.
I commend everything you do to educate people, like myself in the past, who have absolutely no clue to what’s happening due to being fully sucked into the vortex of Hollywood and media folks who are always putting a deceitful spin to such issues. I am proud to be an AIC member and support all that you do to really make things happen in Congress.
Keep up the great work and God bless you always.
Malvern, PA
Dear Editor:
If someone knowingly breaks the law, and in so doing injures you—let’s say a rich movie star drives at 70 mph in a 25 mph zone, hits your car, and leaves you paralyzed for life—couldn’t you sue him for damages and probably win a large award?
Employers are consciously breaking the law by hiring illegal aliens, causing real injury to Americans who want and need those jobs but are not hired, and it seems to me that they could be successfully sued for the injuries.
Polls indicate that a large majority of Americans want illegal immigration stopped, so I think it’s a safe assumption that a majority of the people on juries would be predisposed to favor the victims of discriminatory hiring practices, and by so doing, help put a stop to this abuse.
Imagine John Doe asking an employer with an all or mostly Mexican crew for a job, and being refused. Next an attorney notifies the employer that he will be bringing a suit against him for x millions because his client had been denied employment—which harmed his client because the employer was unlawfully employing illegals—and demands that the employer furnish him with proof that all his employees were in the U.S. legally and had valid Social Security numbers.
The attorney's costs to do this would be very small (his $20 per hour secretary could do nearly all the actual work), but the cost to the employer of illegals of retaining an attorney and going to trial would be in the thousands of dollars even if successful, and if he wasn’t, the cost could be bankrupting.
June/July 2005
If there were several successful, well-publicized suits against employers that employed illegals, most employers of illegals would probably settle the issue for perhaps $4000 or more, with the lawyer and client splitting the money, which wouldn’t be a bonanza, but it could net the attorney perhaps $500 per hour at least, and with enough cases, it could be a real bonanza.
There are about 10 million unemployed Americans who would take the jobs that illegals now do, or want that $2000 or more they’d get for being denied employment, and there’s no shortage of legal barracudas to represent them.These suits could quickly number in the thousands, and employers would all think it was too costly to employ illegals. Most illegals would then peacefully return home—no Gestapo-like roundup would be necessary.
Also, if a person knows of a hazard on his property, does nothing to eliminate it, and someone is injured because of it, can’t the injured party sue for damages with a good chance of success. And if the offending party is a huge, rich corporation, and the injury is serious, even life threatening, wouldn’t any award probably be huge? Home Depot, by allegedly allowing its parking lots to be used by illegal aliens as informal hiring halls, may allow a “hazard”, an injurious condition, to exist on their property, and in so doing may contribute to the serious, even life threatening, injuries to a great many Americans—contractors who lose their livelihoods because they can’t compete with competitors who use cheap Mexican labor, temporary labor agencies that lose business or go out of business because they can’t compete with cheap Mexican labor, and all those Americans who are out of work (some become so despondent that they kill themselves) because of the millions of illegals taking millions of jobs.
So it seems to me that Home Depot might be successfully sued by those who are financially injured in part by Home Depot’s alleged tolerance of injurious and illegal activities on their property. As I said, with a large majority of Americans wanting illegal immigration stopped, it’s a safe assumption that a majority of the people on juries would be inclined to favor the victims of illegal aliens, and not those who facilitate their theft of jobs.
If Home Depot had to pay a large award just one time it would probably motivate them to clear their lots of illegal activities immediately, which would go a long way toward stopping the massive, nationwide hiring of illegals—with no places to be hired, no jobs; no jobs, no illegals.
We wouldn’t have an immigration problem if only our existing immigration laws were rigorously enforced, which seems unlikely. And I don’t think we can rely upon our spineless, vote-hungry politicians to cure this prob-
Cuntinned on Page 8
Page 7
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Letters —Continued from Page 7
lem. So perhaps you could start a “grassroots” movement to fix it by initiating a flood of private individual lawsuits against employers of illegals.
Please consider this approach to fixing our immigration problem.
B.W.
San Jose, CA
Editors Note: This is an interesting idea. AIC would appreciate opinions of readers with legal expertise.
Dear Editor:
I enjoy Immigration Watch and use your envelope labels on all my mailings. I appreciate the work of AIC.
Kansas is far from our country’s borders, but the immigration problem is becoming obvious here as well. During a recent visit to see my insurance agent, three
OpCft Border—Continued from Page 4
to begin with. To make matters worse, those agents left out in the field were being told to “deter” by our supervisors. The word deter has become a euphemism for don’t catch anybody.
Personally, I have fled the southern border. I am now up on the Canadian border doing virtually nothing and content to do nothing. At least now, I don’t feel like a traitor to my country anymore.
To be fair to the Border Patrol, I have friends who have moved out to Arizona who tell me that the Patrol still actually does work out there. On the other hand, Fm up on the northern border with agents who left California who tell me that there are stations in California where the average time an agent has in the service is two-and-a-half years. This means that George Bush’s budget proposal for about 200 new agents will not even keep up with the attrition rate of agents leaving the patrol in California. To say that agents are demoralized is an understatement.
Mexicans came in to inquire about car insurance. While waiting for my appointment, I couldn’t help but overhear much of the conversation at the front desk. Although it was pretty confusing as none of the Mexicans spoke much English, the gist of things was that the girl who owned the car didn’t have a driver’s license, and there had been some sort of accident. The two young males and the girl had actually been turned away only moments earlier at another local agency. They finally left my agency, too, and the confused woman behind the counter said, “Gee, I wish I spoke Spanish.” My thought was, “Gee, I wish they spoke English.”
I wondered if they were in the country legally, but I kept my thoughts to myself. I’ll speak up in the future, though. These events aren’t all that rare anymore, and we all need to be more vocal in our disapproval.
Trying to get some telephone tech support for my computer recently, I had to hang up as the guy helping me could barely speak English, and I knew we would probably wreck my computer if we continued. I shake my head wondering what this country will be like in another 20 or 30 years.
C.M.
Junction City, KS
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation) Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465