April/May 2QQ3
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Illegal Immigration Increases
The rate of illegal aliens entering and settling permanently in the United States is increasing, according to a recent study by the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS). The INS estimates that from 1990 to 1997, 700,000 illegal aliens, on average, entered the U.S. per year. In 1998 and 1999 respectively, the totals rose to 817,000 and one million. At the same time, however, many illegals returned home voluntarily, others were deported, anctothers received amnesty (legal residence). For most of the nineties, the net number of illegals permanently residing in the country grew by 350,000 per year, but by the end of the decade the annual total increased to 500,000. The INS estimates that a grand total of seven million illegal aliens live in the United States. The Census Bureau, however, pegs the total at 8.7 million. Other experts put the number much higher.
The INS also reported that at least 78,000 illegal aliens in the U.S. come from countries where terrorists may operate. Visitors from these countries are supposed to register with the INS. Commenting on this situation, Steve Camarota of the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) observed, “If a Mexican day laborer can sneak across the border, so can an al Qaeda terrorist. While
Illegal aliens cross U.STMexican border into Arizona.
the vast majority of illegals are not terrorists, the fact that hundreds of thousands of people are able to settle in the United States illegally each year shows that terrorists who wish to do so face few obstacles. We can’t protect ourselves from terrorism without dealing with illegal immigration.”
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
AIC recently conducted a survey of members and supporters on the question of issuing driver’s licenses to illegal aliens. The results, summarized, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
To Our Readers
Yes, we know how to spell February. In our last issue, a computer error at the printer caused it to be misspelled.
In This Issue	
Editor's View		j			Page 2
Immigration News Briefs			Page 8
Washington Report		Page 6
Letters to the Editor						Page 7
1.	Do you support or oppose giving driver’s licenses to illegal aliens? Support, two percent; Oppose, 97 percent; Undecided, one percent.
2.	Do you support legislation to require that driver’s license applicants show proof of legal residence in the United States? Yes, 98 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, one percent.
3.	Do you believe that illegals obtaining driver’s licenses makes it easier for them to obtain public assistance? Yes, 99 percent; No, zero percent; Undecided, one percent.
4.	Do you believe that giving driver’s licenses to illegal aliens will make it easier for terrorists to operate in the United States? Yes, 96 percent; No, three percent; Undecided, one percent.
Editor’s View

Consider the Source ofP.C.
Immigration reformers learn quickly that they face censure from the cult of “political correctness.” According to the high priests of this dogma, no criticism of mass immigration is morally permissible. To defy these self-annointed ayatollahs is to risk their curses and excommunications as a “racist, bigot, hater, xenophobe, etc." Many folks stand in wide-eyed awe of P.C. preaching as it thunders from pulpits in higher education and the media. More than a few Americans believe that the ayatollahs are every bit as holy as they say they are.
Listeners would be more skeptical, however, if they knew the true source of P.C. One who does know, from extensive research, is Frank Ellis, a scholar of Russian studies at Leeds University in Great Britain. That source, says Ellis, is Marxism, particularly the brand hatched in Soviet Russia during the 1920s. Called politicheskaya pravil’nost’ in Russian, political correctness was of particular interest to Soviet dictator I.V. Lenin.
On dealing with opposition Lenin wrote, “We must write in a language which sows among the masses hate, revulsion and scorn toward those who disagree with us ” Marxism is a creed of bigotry and intolerance. It makes no provision for disagreement or dissent. The consequences are recorded in The Black Book of Communism. Written by a team of French historians, this work chronicles the slaughter of between 85 and 100 million human beings by Marxist regimes during the 20th century. Professor Ellis observes, ‘Today’s ‘political correctness’ is the direct descendant of Communist terror and brainwashing.”
P.C. came to the United States shortly before World War II, with the arrival of Marxist refugees from Germany, collectively known as the Frankfurt School. In America, as described in Patrick Buchanan’s book Death of the West, they quickly went to work to subvert the country that gave them haven. Moving away from the classical Marxist theme of class struggle, they stressed cultural conflict. Specifically, these cultural Marxists decided that the best way to promote revolution was to discredit the Western and European foundations of American culture.
A weapon of choice was Critical Theory, which employed repeated criticism and name-calling to intimidate and discredit opponents. Using Critical
Immigration Watch is published by Americans lor Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 736. Monterey, VA 24466. John Vinson, Erttor. To servs Ms educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints m Ns publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views ot AIC.
Immigration Watch is tie largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
Theory, Buchanan observed, “One repeats and repeats that Western societies are history’s greatest repositories of racism, sexism, nativism, xenophobia, anti-Semitism, fascism, and Nazism.” Though the cultural Marxists broke new ground, they saw no need to abandon Lenin’s basic strategy of sowing “hate, revulsion and
by John C. Vinson Editor
scorn.
Following the Sixties, cultural Marxists entrenched themselves in American universities. As ex-Marxist David Horowitz observed, they found it useful to condemn American and Western “racism” while inciting “people of color” to feel resentment. To conceal their plot, they regularly label anyone a “racist” who tries to expose this racial strategy of divide and conquer.
Given their goals, it was not surprising that cultural Marxists took on mass immigration as one of their pet causes. They have understood, as well or better than anyone, its potential to distort and destroy the culture they despise. For most of the past century Marxists of all stripes have promoted large-scale immigration while sabotaging assimilation.
An excellent expose of their networking and other activities is Importing Revolution by former congressional staffer William Hawkins. Of their outlook he concluded, “For the alienated radical, there is only one truth over all time: America is a bad country and its ‘conservative’ native-born are a defective people; only distant lands are the road to
Continued on Page 8
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies Virginia residents please add 4.5% sales tax
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC I PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465
Pag* 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
April/May 2003
THAT PROVES
it; Yoirpe not only a "RACIST"...
f	’
To peep OURsms
mo m
world, we Neeooun
we-om
SPACES.
v ______j
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
SAM ZAMARRIPA, GEORGIA’S FIRST HISPANIC STATE SENATOR, is “pushing... rights” for illegal aliens, according to an Associated Press article. Specifically, he wants illegals to be eligible for in-state college tuition and eligible to obtain driver’s licenses.
Zamarripa declared, “I see myself as a Latino leader. ... I understand racism very well, and I have no tolerance for it. Things are going to change.” Several years ago, as reported in The Atlanta Constitution 3/6/00, he told Lyndon Wade, the retiring executive director of the Atlanta Urban League, “Your song may be, ‘We shall overcome,’.., Our song is, ‘We shall overwhelm.’ ”
Since the 1990 census, the Hispanic population in Georgia has grown 300 percent. It is now 454,365, or about five percent of the total population.
FRIENDS OF IMMIGRATION LAW ENFORCEMENT (FILE), a Nebraska-based immigration reform group, is sending letters to banks informing them that they may face legal consequences if they accept the Mexican matricula consular card. The Mexican government is giving these cards to its citizens in the United
States and urging U.S. institutions and agencies to accept them as valid identification.
Mexicans legally residing or traveling in the U.S. receive legal documents. Only Mexican illegal aliens would have need of the matricula card. The Mexican government, many charge, is using the card as a first step toward gaining legalization for Mexican illegals in the U.S., estimated to number three-and-a-half million.
In its letter to banks, FILE says that if a bank accepts a matricula from an illegal alien, it is “aiding and abetting” his law breaking. Consequently, FILE argues, an American who is harmed by that alien may sue the bank for damages. FILE also maintains that banks which do not accept matriculas may sue banks which do under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization (RICO) Act.
FILE (at website www.projectusa.com) says it will provide legal advice to those wishing to take legal action against the matricula. Taking strong issue with the letters campaign was Barbara Walker, the executive of-
April/May 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page 6* Page 3
Telephone Numbers to Report Illegal Aliens
Tb report suspected illegal aliens, or companies which max hire them, concerned citizens may call the local offices of the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) listed below.
Alabama - (Birmingham office) (205) 591-0920 Alaska - (Fairbanks office) (907) 474-1025 Arkansas - Eastern Arkansas (Memphis office) (901) 544-0256 Arkansas - Western Arkansas (Fort Smith office) (501) 646-4722
Califbraia - Southern California (San Diego office) (619) 557-
<011
Colorado - (Denver office) (303) 371-5028
Connecticut - (Hartford office) (860) 240-3346
Delaware - (Philadelphia office) (215) 656-7195
Florida - Southern Florida (Miami office) (305) 762-3610
Florida - Central Florida (Tampa Bay office) (813) 288-1226
0MtaAi - Eastern Florida (Orlando office) (407) 855-4418
Georgia - (Atlanta office) (404) 730-2841 ext. 346
Idaho - (Boise office) (208) 334-1824
Illinois - (Chicago office) (312) 353-4465
Indiana - (Indianapolis office) (317) 226-6202
Iowa - (Cedar Rapids office) (319) 364-3280
Kansas - (Kansas City office) (816) 891-8350
Kentucky - (Louisville office) (502) 582-6953
Louisiana - (New Orleans office) (504) 589-4120
Maine - (Portland office) (207) 780-3440
Man land - (Baltimore office) (410) 962-7449
Massachusetts - (Boston office) (617) 565-3100
Michigan - (Detroit office) (313) 568-6042
Minnesota - (Bloomington office) (612) 313-9040
Mississippi - (Jackson office) (601) 965-5878
Missouri - (St. Louis office) (314) 539-2538
Montana - (Helena office) (406) 449-3991 Nebraska - (Omaha office) (402) 697-9154 ext. 627 Nevada - (Las Vegas office) (702) 388-6414 New Hampshire - (Manchester office) (603) 625-5276 New Jersey - (Newark office) (201) 645-2240 New Mexico- (El Paso office) (915) 540-1736 New York - Northern New York (Albany office) (518) 431-0325
New York — Southern New York (New York City office) (212) 264-5923
North Carolina — (Charlotte office) (704) 672-6938 North Dakota - (Bloomington office) (612) 313-9040 Ohio - Northern Ohio (Cleveland office) (216) 522-4774 Ohio - Southern Ohio (Cincinnati office) (513) 684-2412 Oklahoma- (Oklahoma City office) (405) 231-4595 Oregon - (Portland office) (503) 326-7475 Pennsylvania - Eastern Pennsylvania (Philadelphia office) (215) 656-7195
Pennsylvania — Western Pennsylvania (Pittsburgh office) (412) 395-4463
Rhode Island - (Providence office) (401) 528-5532 South Carolina - (Charleston office) (803) 727-4422 South Dakota - (Bloomington office) (612) 313-9040 Tennessee - (Memphis office) (901) 544-0256 Texas - Eastern Texas (Dallas office) (214) 905-5807 Texas - Southern Texas (San Antonio office) (210) 967-7035 Texas - Western Texas (El Paso office) (915) 540-1736 Utah - (Salt Lake City office) (801) 265-0136 Vermont - (St. Albans office) (802) 527-3191 Virginia - (Northern Virginia and District of Columbia office) (703) 578-4901
Virginia - Southern Virginia (Norfolk office) (757) 858-7502 West Virginia - (Pittsburgh office) (412) 395-4463 Wisconsin — (Milwaukee office) (414) 297-1571 Wyoming - (Cheyenne office) (307) 772-2040
Write Your Congressman and Senators
A number of AIC supporters have requested that we provide a sample letter as a guide for them to communicate to Congress. Do let your representatives hear from you. Otherwise they will claim that the public is not interested in immigration reform. Addresses and immigration voting records of congressmen may be found at www.mimbersuaa.com.
Dear Congressman:
Will you please support legislation to reduce immigration? A reasonable level of immigration can be useful to our country, but current immigration, approaching one million a year for the past decade, is excessive.
Immigrants and their children now account for 70 percent of our population growth. If the current level of immigration continues, according to the Census Bureau's high estimate, our present population of 286 million could grow to 619 million within 60 years. This
would place enormous stress on our environment and infrastructure.
Most immigrants come on the basis of family connections, rather than needed skills. Immigrants today, on average, are less skilled and educated than native-born Americans. According to a study by the National Research Council, immigrants use between $15 to $20 billion more in public sendees than they contribute in taxes. The study found that they add no more than $1 billion to $10 billion to the economy. Another finding was that immigration has a significant effect in depressing wages of poor Americans.
The unprecedented diversity of immigration today poses great challenges to assimilation. A researcher at the University of Michigan found that immigration is pushing our country in the direction of “demographic
Continued on Tug* b
P»g* 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
April/INlay 20UJ
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965. the U.S. admitted an average of
200.000	immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of more than
300.000	illegal aliens settled permanently per year.
As of 2002, the U.S. Census Bureau estimated that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens resided in the United States. A study at Northeastern University I put the total at 11 million.___________________
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Columbia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 285 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
Washington Report
AIC Co-sponsors CP AC Conference
Americans for Immigration Control was one of the co-sponsors of the 30th Annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), which this year was held at the Gateway Marriott Hotel in Crystal City, Virginia. Running from Thursday, January 30th through Saturday February 1, the well-attended conference offered conservative and libertarian speakers who engendered much lively conversation among the attendees.
As a co-sponsor, AIC had a full page ad in CPAC’s resource guide book as well as a booth. We showed a continuous running of the AIC film “Border Out of ControF which AIC produced with footage from the border late last summer. The images of aliens streaming across the border, and our large, graphic sign showing the United States with the Southwestern states (the target of the Aztlan movement) in red were show stoppers. We had a large supply of AIC flyers and issues of Immigration Watch.
Many of the conference attendees returned to our booth for repeat viewings of the video and sign, often bringing others with them. Of the more than 60 cosponsors, AIC was the only one which dealt with the illegal alien issue. Time and time again attendees would tell us that, in their opinion, the greatest crisis facing America is the virtually unlimited access to America by aliens. Others expressed total surprise that the Aztlan movement ultimately intends to try to seize the Southwestern states and make them an independent nation.
Many attendees were equally shocked to learn that last year’s AIC sponsored Zogby poll revealed that 58 percent of Mexicans believe that our southwestern states belong to Mexico.
From my observations, the AIC booth was one of the busiest—so much so that we actually ran out of literature to distribute! We received numerous
April/Ms} 2003
requests for radio interviews, even from those who do not agree with AIC’s position. There is no doubt in my mind that the AIC presence made converts—especially from those conservatives who had never given the issue any thought until 9/11.
Of the six major sponsors of CPAC, only Human Events regularly takes a sound position on the alien threat.
The well known “conservative” think-tank, The Heritage Foundation, was one of CPAC’s co-sponsors, and its president, Edwin Feulner, was silent on the issue of the immigration threat in his article,
“America the Changed,” in the CPAC resource guide. He wrote about the Declaration of Independence, the Civil War, the attack on Pearl Harbor and September 11, 2001, and said that the United States “selected a major target, Afghanistan, and removed a major sponsor of terrorists, the Taliban.” He added that, “We went after terrorists financially by freezing funds of so-called Islamic ‘charity’ groups.,.
When he wrote of the terrorist attacks of 9/11, Feulner never mentioned that it was our inadequate national security that had enabled alien terrorists with lapsed visas to remain in America, use fraudulently obtained driver’s licences to buy airline tickets, and hijack those planes which they turned into destructive missiles!
Continued on Page 6’ Page 5
IMMIGRATION WATCH
by Robert H. Goldsborougb President, AIC
Conference —Continued from Page 5
Yes, there are other “conservative” spokesmen who have been equally silent on the matter of how alien terrorists were enabled by the fact that they simply blended in with the tidal waves of aliens—both legal and illegal—who have flooded this country. In many cases, these so-called “conservatives” are actually libertarians who favor open-borders and cheap foreign labor.
Fortunately, there are also patriotic conservative leaders like Phyllis Schlafly and her Eagle Forum who have joined the immigration fight.
AIC’s message to CPAC attendees was clear— America is worth saving from alien terrorists, alien drug smugglers, and illegal aliens who take advantage of America by abusing our welfare systems, overcrowding our schools, and endangering our environment; in short, threatening our very survival as a nation.
News Briefs —Continued from Page 3
ficer of the Independent Bankers of Colorado. She complained, “I’m afraid financial institutions are going to get hysterical about this, not accept it, and these poor Mexican nationals are going to be thrown to the wolves. ... [the letter] is just a nasty thing, and it bothers the hell out of me.”
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO) has introduced legislation, H.R. 502, to prohibit federal agencies from accepting identification not issued by federal and local agencies and not “secure and verifiable.” The measure would prevent acceptance of the Mexican consular matricula cards. Tancredo, head of the House Immigration Reform Caucus, has been a strong critic of the efforts of the Mexican government to promote this ID in the United States.
Senators —Continued from Page 4
Balkanization.” Diversity is not a strength when it threatens assimilation.
National security, as our country faces the threat of terrorism, is another important concern. With so many immigrants and visitors coming to our country each year, it is virtually impossible for the Immigration and Naturalization Service to do a proper screening of arrivals.
A Zogby poll last year found that nearly 60 percent of Americans want immigration cut. It is my hope that you will respond to the wishes of the people. A good place to start is to consider the provisions of the Safer Act (H.R. 5013) introduced in the House last year. Please let me know if you support reasonable reduction of immigration.
AIC’s CPAC exhibit drew many interested visitors.
AIC President Bob Goldsborough at CPAC conference.
The congressmen listed below are members of the House Immigration Reform Caucus. If your congressman is not a member, write a letter encouraging him or her to join.
Aderholt, Robert (R-AL) Akin, Todd (R-MO) Baker, Richard (R-LA) Bartlett, Roscoe (R-MO) Barton, Joe (R-TX) Bikrakis. Michael (R-FL) Boozman, John (R-AR) Boyd, Allen (D-FL) Brown, Henry (R-SC) Burgess, Michael (R-TX) Cantor, Eric (R-VA) Cubtn. Barbara (R-WY) Culberson. John (R-TX) Davis, Jo Ann (R-VA) Deal, Nathan (R-GA) DeMmt. Jim (R-SC) Doolittle. John (R-CA) Duncan, Jim (R-TN) Forbes. Randy (R-VA) Goode. Virgil (R-VA)
Graves, Sam (R-MO) Greenwood, Jim (R-PA) Gutknecht. Gil (R-MN) Hall, Ralph (D-TX)
Hayes, Robin (R-NC) Hayworth. J. D. (R-AZ) Hefley, Joel (R-CO) Hoekstra, Pete (R-MI) Hunter, Duncan (R-CA) Hyde, Henry (R-IL) Isakson, Johnny (R-GA) Istook, Ernest (R-OK) Johnson, Sam (R-TX) Jones, Walter (R-NC) King, Steve (R-IA)
Miller. Gary (R-CA)
Miller. Jeff (R-FL) Musgrave, Marilyn (R-CO) Norwood, Charlie (R-GA) Otter, Butch (R-ID)
Pence. Mike (R-IN) Ramstad. Jim (R-MN) Rohrabacher, Dana (R-CA) Royce, Ed (R-CA) Sessions. Pete (R-TX) Shadegg. John (R-AZ) Shays, Chris (R-CT) Simpson, Michael (R-ID) Smith, Lamar (R-TX)
Smith, Nick (R-MI)
Steams. Cliff (R-FL) SuMivan, John (R-OK) Tancredo. Tom (R-CO) Tiberi, Pat (R-OH)
Upton, Fred (R-LA)
Vitter, David (R-LA)
Wamp, Zach (R-TN) Weldon. Dave (R-FL) Wicker. Roger (R-MS)
Page 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
\pril/May 2003
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
1 am today sending a small contribution along with an answered questionnaire which your organization sent. I am particularly concerned about the lack of real efforts to control our borders since 9/11. Likewise, the real issues of competitive wages for the average American and the abandonment of the American working man and woman must be brought to the forefront.
I can't think of any issue in my lifetime that has been so terribly riddled with lies and “spin” as the pro-immigration dogma. These people have no moral decency. They are part of the same “globalization at any price” crowd who see nothing wrong with paying kids in Indonesia $1.00 a day to make $150 basketball shoes. They are not at all concerned about American factories being shut down and moved to Mexico while those same Americans who lost their jobs now have to compete against cheap labor for lower wages and benefits. Our Congress is corrupt and mainly responds to the money of large corporations or the irresponsible “political correctness” of the media.
The only, and I repeat the only, way to stop this tragedy is for immigration reformers to impact elections. The lapdogs in Congress will have to fear us at every election cycle. Until we can noticeably impact election results, it will continue to be business as usual. Get the word out.
E.G.
Corinth, MS
Dear Editor:
My family arrived here in the Great U.S.A. in 1932. We had to wait for our turn in the quota, and we had to have all required injections to ward off diseases. We had to have a sponsor who would be liable if we could not support ourselves. Relying on the government was not an option.
I am so proud that I had a mother and father who taught us: “If you walk out the door and step on American soil, you speak English!” When people leave a country to come here, they have a reason, often it is the freedom to pursue a prosperous life. But in gratitude, you should learn to speak this country’s language.
When my mother, age 99, was at the hospital getting an MRI, I encountered two women speaking Spanish, at length, to a child. In a nice way I told them how difficult it would be for the child, going to school, if she didn’t learn English. The woman, who was the child’s mother loudly answered me, “Spanish is my heritage, and I’m keeping my heritage. They can teach her English at school.”
In my personal view, I foresee real strife and conflict in the near future with so many immigrants wanting their own way,
W.B.
location Withheld
Dear Editor:
I just found your website, and I agree with many of the statements and solutions you express. But this is an uphill battle. One thing to contend against is being labeled a “racist” by the media if you express your concerns about immigration.
Bringing in illegal alien workers is not a good idea. One example is what is happening near my family’s farm near Linwood, Nebraska. Some 16 miles away is the town of Schulyer with a population of 16,000. About eight years ago a meatpacking plant opened which started an influx of Mexicans. Today, I can’t recognize the town anymore. Most of the large English-speaking businesses have moved out to neighboring towns. There used to be four restaurants, and now there is only one. And the businesses in the downtown area are almost all Mexican. Crime has increased since the plant opening. The Mexican kids really don’t integrate and at times start fights with locals.
Don’t get me wrong. I’m not against immigration. My mother came to America from Stuttgart, Germany, in the early 1960s. I just would like to see our policies more reflective in integrating the values and cultures we have into one community instead of immigrants coming in and expecting natives to adapt to their cultures.
R.D.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
Immigration Watch has mentioned the “sob story” as a tactic of the media to manipulate sympathy. There is, as we all know, the familiar pitch for sympathy for illegals: they come here “in search of a better life.” Apparently, that is supposed not only to excuse but also to justify anything these intruders wish to do. The question that should be asked each time that gem is offered is “A better life? At whose expense?” For invasion and its consequences are always at someone’s expense. And usually those people are law-abiding, middle-class Americans whose tax money is milked to benefit lawbreakers.
Back in November, I watched a sob story concerning boatloads of Haitians who stormed the beaches near Miami. The young anchorman who reported the event went on to say—with well-rehearsed tremolos—“They’ve risked their liiiiives to come here!” That too was supposed to put all of us invadees in a receptive mood. How could we fail to welcome the boat people with open arms and open wallets? You would have thought the newcomers came here with nothing but love in their hearts. Actually, 1 believe, most of them see us and the entire country as fat prey and will feel entitled to do so as long as legitimate occupants are dumb enough mentally and otherwise to uccept their increasingly dangerous presence.
April/Msy 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCII
Continued on Page 8 Page 7
i
For More Information About AIC
Please visit our website at www.immigrationcontrol.com or
call our office at 540-468-2023
Letters—Continued from Page 7
When lawbreakers risk their lives to commit crimes, they deserve no sympathy or financial support. In the case of illegals, they deserve and should get immediate deportation.
They may risk their lives to come here. I am afraid we risk our lives whenever we let them in.
D.B.
Sunnyvale CA
Dear Editor:
I am very glad I found your organization. I have to agree with you that we are turning our country over to the immigrants, legal and illegal, and it has to stop.
A lot of people say that they want to come to this country so they can have the “American Dream,” but to me this is hogwash. I have worked since I was 15, and I raised three children on my own. I’m still looking for the “American Dream.” As a white American woman, I watch immigrants get more benefits than I am entitled to.
I will let President Bush and my congressmen know how I feel about immigration policies. Please keep trying to fight this. I am not alone in my feelings about immigration.
D.S.
Cyberspace
JP. C.—Continued from Page 2
progress; only other peoples are intimate with social justice. This is less a caricature than the defamations that radicals are typically wont to hurl at their opponents on immigration or any other matter.”
Not all who fling P.C. rhetoric are cultural Marxists. Most, in fact, are thoughtless people who simply repeat what they hear. They at least have the excuse of ignorance. The high priests of P.C. are another matter. People who promote “hate, revulsion and scorn” under the guise of benevolence are hypocrites of the worst kind. Even their claim to love immigrants is a fraud. Excessive levels of immigration impede assimilation and drive down wages. That doesn’t help immigrants, but it does create a mass of alienated poor people, a population suitable for use as revolutionary cannon fodder.
When confronted with P.C. rhetoric, immigration reformers should consider the source and stand their ground. They would do well to reflect on an old French proverb, “When a scoundrel points a finger at a decent person, three of his other fingers point back at him.”
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465