April/May 2005
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Mexican ‘How-To’ Guide for Illegal Aliens: No Laughing Matter
Mexican President Vicente Fox heralds as “heroes” those illegal aliens hiding out in America. So perhaps it should come as no surprise that the Mexican government has published a guide to sneaking into the United States that's designed to look like a Superman-style comic book.
But illegal immigration is no laughing matter—and this new “how-to” book for illegal aliens is an outrageous and blatant attack on America’s sovereignty and rule of law. That’s why Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) is taking the lead in exposing this Mexican crusade to encourage illegal immigration into the United States.
Titled Guide for the Mexican Migrant, the pocket-sized book is published by the Mexican Foreign Ministry. Some 1.5 million copies have already been distributed throughout Mexico, and the booklets are also available at Mexican consulates in the United States. Dubbed by some as “Illegal Immigration for Dummies,” the guidebook tells would-be illegal aliens how to gear up for an illegal journey north of the border—including how to dress and what type of provisions to take for the trip. The guide also explains how to avoid arrest once in America illegally, and what U.S. taxpayer-funded “rights” illegal aliens have in America.
“It is a thinly disguised how-to-do-it guide,” AIC President Robert Goldsborough told the Houston Chronicle. And this new book comes on the heels of a renewed lobbying effort by the Mexican government to pressure the United States into “legalizing” the estimated eight to 12 million illegal aliens that are already here.
Some responsible members of Congress and U.S. government officials share AIC’s outrage. “This is not the action of a friendly neighbor,” said Representative Tom
In This Issue	
Editor’s View		........ Page 2
Immigration New* Brio£p 					........ Page 3
Washington Report				........ Page 6
Latter* to tha Editor 		........ Page 7
Mexican guide illustrates river crossing. The booklet gives pointers on entering the U.S. illegally.
Tancredo (R-CO), a staunch advocate of secure borders. And, according to one report, a Homeland Security official said, “It was a shock to us to hear of this,” and that the U.S. was seeking an explanation.
But despite Mexico’s latest assault on America’s immigration laws, some at the highest levels of government still have their heads in the sand about the massive surge of illegal immigration that is tearing America apart at the seams.
The U.S. State Department reportedly issued a statement saying it had not contacted the Mexican government about the comic book, and praised recent cooperation between the countries to improve safety along the border. Meanwhile, President George W. Bush and his political operatives—in a desperate and misguided attempt to woo Hispanic voters—are aggressively pushing a new amnesty that would reward the illegal aliens who sneak into America with the help of the Mexican government.
Americans for Immigration Control will remain at the forefront of this debate, and will not hesitate to sound the alarm every time the Mexican government encourages its citizens to break U.S. immigration laws and sneak into the country illegally. And we will counter the pressure tactics of the Mexican government and the mass immigration lobby by urging members of Congress to oppose illegal immigration and new amnesties for illegals.
w SZB THIS pDU ? MOST
Americans vmaut mihigratidn cut/
WITHOUT UNCONTROLLED IMMIGRATION, WHAT WOULD BECOME OF OUR 0B5CENELY WONDERFUL PROFITS AND POWER'?/,'
QUICK! I CALL YOUR
media Buddies and me churn our
WORE REAMS OF THAT "HUDDLED GARBAGE/
YEAH/ That sob stuff aumavs quiets those
SENTIMENTAL JERKS AND
ASP, C/I& 7WE CORRBCltieSS tUST/TiaE
Waer 'em to crank our some
MORE PR0PA6ANPA ABOUT HOU)
mi6Rms ENRICH
TABUS./
THEREFORE,
IMMIGRANTS ARE EVEkJ
&6TT6R
than long-time
Work, controlling these
cmzeNs! imVenice
WHEN WF FINALLY n REPLACE THEM WITH
docile Third-
WORLDS... WHO ARE USED TO OBEYING THEIR MASTERS!
JjolckaGb
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
PRESIDENT BUSH HAS RE-AFFIRMED on a number of occasions his aim to legalize illegal aliens with a “guest worker” program. When asked by The Washington Times (1/17/05) if he would make this a priority as high as Social Security reform, the president replied, “I think it’s high. I think it’s a big issue.”
He added, “Look, whether or not you agree with the solution or not, we have a problem in America when you’ve got eight million undocumented workers. A solution is not instantaneous citizenship. The solution is more rational than that.”
Bush acknowledged the strong opposition to legalization, but pointed out that his tax plan also faced difficult odds at the beginning. The president observed: “Remember the tax debate? It seems like history tends to repeat itself. In ’01, it was like, you’ll never get the taxes done. No chance. And initially out of the box, some people said, over my dead body would they pass tax relief. If I listened to all that, I’d just quit, you know. [. . .] But that’s not the way I think*
PRODUCE GROWERS IN CALIFORNIA long maintained that they needed illegal alien workers to tend and harvest their crops. When mechanization was suggested as an alternative, they claimed that it was not a viable option.
ApriFMjty j6UU6
Now, however, due to changing market forces, mechanized farming is gaining acceptance. The San Diego Union-Tribune (1/23/05) noted, “Harvests of most crops raised in California are already mechanized, from beans to nuts and some citrus. And experts predict that machines will soon pick more of the fruits and vegetables now routinely picked by hand.”
The raisin industry, as one example, is now rapidly mechanizing to meet competition from foreign producers. The consequence has been a sharply shrinking job market for raisin workers. With machines doing the work, said The Union-Tribune citing agricultural experts, “Labor demand will drop to a tenth of the 40,000 to 50,000 workers typically hired today." Overall, state officials estimate, between two and three foreign migrants are competing for each one of California’s 400,000 to 500,000 seasonal jobs in agriculture.
In spite of these changing conditions, the flow of illegal aliens into the state continues unabated. “We’re adding a lot of poor people into what’s already a pretty poor area. It’s a dangerous path,” said Philip Martin, a migration specialist at the University of California Davis.
Nevertheless, many growers still want a steady stream of new workers. As The Union - Tribu tie observed,
-	Continued	on	Page	5
IVgeS
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Suffolk County, NY, Targets Illegals
Suffolk County, New York, is taking steps to get involved in immigration law enforcement. This move has come about because of intense community activism against the growing presence of illegal aliens in the county.
This action by the county reflects a small but growing trend of states and localities getting involved to deal with illegal immigration. Recently, Immigration Watch interviewed Paul Sabatino, chief deputy of the county, about the situation.
IW: What steps are you taking to reduce the numbers of illegals?
Sabatino: We’re working with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to have total access to their federal database. We will petition the federal government to train eight of our officers on federal rules and regulations so that they can arrest illegal alien felons.
IW: Are crimes committed by illegal aliens a significant problem in your county?
Sabatino: It now costs our taxpayers one million dollars a year just for incarceration.
Suffolk residents at public meeting to protest illegal immigration.
IW: What specific steps is your county taking with respect to law enforcement?
Sabatino: The county is going after employers who are hiring illegals and not paying taxes.
IW: Do the majority of Suffolk County residents support these efforts?
Sabatino: Yes, the vast majority do, as evidenced by the letters and phone calls we have received.
GllCSt Worker—Continued from Page 2
official rate of 5.2 percent when you add in people who have quit looking for work and the under-employed? Despite talk of economic recovery in recent years, we have lost a net total of more than one million private sector jobs since 2001. Even in agriculture—which allegedly requires illegal aliens—we have too many workers looking for work. In California, between two and three workers now compete for each of the state’s 400,000 to 500,000 seasonal farm jobs. Given these realities, it seems incredible that the Bush administration and others not only want to give amnesty to resident illegal aliens, but also invite more guest workers from abroad on top of that!
One curious thing. Even if we really needed foreign workers, this implies no need to reward any of the ones now working here illegally. We could simply require all guest workers to apply from abroad and enter legally. So why do pro-amnesty politicians always try to link our alleged need for workers with our alleged need for amnesty?
Claim: Between 8 million and 12 million illegal aliens live in the U.8. We simply do not have the resources or the will to round up and deport that many people.
Correction: We don’t have to deport them all. If we would beef up our enforcement enough to make unlawful residence difficult, many illegals—over a period of time—would return home on their own, thus deporting themselves. When illegal immigration first started to spiral out of control in the 1950s, the Eisenhower administration moved swiftly and resolutely to stop it. The Immigration and Naturalization Service apprehended 80,000 illegals in Texas and estimated that between 500,000 and 700,000 others left on their own when they saw that enforcement had teeth. For more than a decade afterwards, illegal immigration remained low.
Why doesn’t our government act decisively now, instead of toying with amnesty and guest worker plans? Simply put, many of our leaders care more about their own selfish interests, specifically those related to cheap lubor and cheap votes, than they do about anything else.
They use misinformation to hide their aims because they think they can fool the public. They might recall the words of Abraham Lincoln, “You can’t fool all of the people all of the time."

IMMIGRATION WATCH
April/May 2005
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since 2000, an average of500,000 illegal aliens have entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. Other estimates range up to 12 million and higher.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
Public Pressure Wins House Victory
The House, by a margin of 261 to 161, passed H.R. 418 which would tighten standards for issuing driver’s licenses, thus making it harder for illegal aliens to obtain this key document. It also gives judges more authority to deport illegal aliens and authorizes completion of a border fence with Mexico.
The passage of the bill is a significant victory for the immigration reform movement. When these measures came up in December they faced heavy opposition, both in Congress and from the White House. But House members under the leadership of Sen. James Sensenbrenner (R-WI) insisted on passing these measures during the present session.
Enabling them to accomplish this task was a huge outpouring of public support from Americans who wanted something done about illegal immigration. Members of Americans for Immigration Control took part in this effort by contacting their representatives, and therefore share credit for the victory.
This goes to 6how that pressure on Congress—letters, phone calls, e-mails, and faxes—can bring results. But the pressure has to be constant. Now the legislation is
before the Senate where observers say it has at least an even chance of passing. AIC members should start contacting their senators now, as well as members of both houses to urge defeat of guest worker/amnesty bills.
To assist our members, we at AIC have set up a Legislative Action Center on our website, www.immigrationcontrol.com. Click on it and you can find information about pending legislation, co-sponsors, and contact information for senators and House members. The Center has an easy-to-use e-mail system to contact Washington.
Also we sre upgrading our legislative alert system, so that we can send e-mails to our members and enable them to respond to fast-breaking developments in Washington. Please consider joining our alert list. To do so, send AIC your e-mail address, along with your postal address. The postal address will allow our computer system to provide you with contact information for your particular representatives and senators.
The information will be held in strictest confidence, and will not be sold, exchanged, or given away. Don’t waste time, join today!
News Briefs —Continued from Page 3
“(They] invested much political capital to convince lawmakers they needed a guest worker program to ensure an adequate supply of cheap labor. And now that President Bush is promising that one will be enacted they are not backing off.”
AT THE END OF JANUARY AND EARLY FEBRUARY, snipers in Mexico fired across the Arizona border at U.S. Border Patrol agents “on at least six occasions,” reported The Washington Times. No officer was bit, but there were several “near misses.” These attacks and other varieties of assaults against Border Patrol agents on the Arizona/Mexican border have doubled since last year.
“The continuing increase in the number of assaults being directed at our agents is of great concern. We believe the vast majority of these assaults are directly tied to alien and drug smugglers based in Mexico."
Because of the border violence, a number of House members criticized the Bush administration’s decision not to fund the increase of the Border Patrol agents approved by Congress and the president. That law authorized 2,000 more agents for the new fiscal year, but the administration only proposed funding for 200. Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO) said of the decision, “It’s equivalent to denying a crime-ridden city more officers for protection. It simply makes no sense."
Aprii/May 2005
IMMIGRATK )N WATCH
PUgeft
Washington Report
The Greatest Ponzi Scheme
On the night of February 3, 2005, President George \Y Bush delivered his fifth State of the Union address in which he stressed two vital interacting issues: immigration and Social Security.
“America's immigration system is... outdated — unsuited to the values of our country. It is time for an immigration policy that permits temporary guest ivorkers to fill jobs Americans will not take, that rejects amnesty, that tells us who is entering and leaving our country, and that closes the border to drug dealers and terrorists."
Once again Bush is misleading the American people. His oft-proposed guest worker permit program for illegal aliens is nothing other than a re-packaged and re-named amnesty plan which rewards rather than deports illegal aliens.
“One of America’s most important institutions ... Social Security... is headed towards bankruptcy, ” adding that, “Thirteen years from now in 2018, Social Security will be paying out more than it takes in. ”
Bush added that in 2027 the taxpayers will have to ante up an extra $200 billion to keep the system afloat, and by 2042 the entire system would be bankrupt!
Actually the system is already bankrupt. It is simply a gigantic Ponzi scheme, perhaps the greatest Ponzi scheme in history. For years, wage earners have paid into the Social Security system, supposedly as an investment into their own account when in actuality, the money has gone out in Social Security benefits to current retirees. After correctly pointing out that, as the years go by, the amounts that workers pay into the system will be far less than the amounts needed to pay retirees. President Bush said he would consider all options to come up with the funds necessary to keep the Social Security system solvent.
One of the most destructive plans offered to fund the S.S. system is yet another Ponzi scheme involving immigrants. This plan had its roots in a 1998 study titled A Fiscal Portrait of the Newest Americans by libertarian economist Stephen Moore, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute.
According to John Attarian, Ph D., who earned his doctorate in economics from University of Michigan, Moore’s proposal is to bring into the United States each year millions more young working immigrants who will be earning lots of money and paying into the Social Security system at a time when the baby boomer Americans retire and collect retiree benefits from the government. Attarian's study, Immigration: Wrong Answer for Social Security, distributed by AIC, presents a scholarly analysis of Moore’s flawed proposal which depends on admission of ever
by Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
increasing numbers of new immigrants each year.
According to Dr.
Attarian, “We have seen that the immigrationists’
[i.e., Moore and his fellow travelers] approach is shockingly simple-minded, their claims easily demolished.”
Attarian concludes that this plan by proimmigration liberals and libertarians such as Moore who claim that ever increasing waves of
immigrants will solve the Social Security crisis is “too reckless, too irresponsible, too shortsighted ... too disdainful of consequences to be listened to.” Attarian explains, “Although enthusiasts for immigration as a cure for Social Security passionately profess their liking and admiration for immigrants... using immigration to save Social Security is in fact, a colossal act of exploitation of immigrants.... These swarms of mostly poor toilers will be called upon to pay a very heavy and regressive tax to support aging, idle Americans....”
Like a Ponzi scheme, the millions of immigrants coming to America will have to increase year after year to fund the ever-multiplying demands on Social Security. As Juan Williams pointed out in a 1989 study, the future of the system will result in confrontations between rich and poor, blacks and whites, young and old. The retiree population would not only grow but would be “disproportionately white while the work force paying taxes to sustain Social Security will be disproportionately Asian, Hispanic
and black____The possibilities for economic, social
and ethnic tensions and resentments are obvious.” Ultimately, using immigration as a solution to solve the impending bankruptcy of Social Security will, like all Ponzi schemes, collapse when immigrants refuse to be suckers any longer. America cannot afford to let the pro-immigration crowd and the Bush administration use massive flows of immigrant colonizers as a temporary solution for funding Social Security.
Dr. John Attarian’s study is so critically important that many AIC members have ordered extra copies to send to their two senators and representative. When Mr. F.C. of Michigan ordered three copies of
Continued on Page 8

IMMIGRATION WATCH
ApriVMay
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
Spread the news. Most Americans are totally unaware of the situation of uncontrolled illegal and legal immigration and the problems it creates. Either they are so busy in their lives and have blinders on, or they live and work in the few areas of this country that have not yet been invaded. There are also those with bleeding, liberal hearts who live in that fantasy world called “diversity" Then there are those Americans who see the effects of uncontrolled illegal immigration but are unaware of how big the problem really is and why it is growing. They do not fully understand why they hear more foreign languages, and witness the deterioration of their neighborhoods—with multiple Hispanic and Asian families living together in Third World conditions in motel units, one-and two-bedroom apartments, and what were once only single-family dwellings. They see an increasing number of Hispanics and Asians in the workplace replacing Americans of European descent; they see Buddhist temples and mosques suddenly appear in their city or town; and they see a steady erosion of their American culture and heritage.
Fortunately, there are a growing number of Americans who recognize the problems of open borders and uncontrolled immigration. Readers of Immigration Watch and similar publications have a better understanding on how severe the immigration problem is, why it is allowed to continue, and what we can do to inform our government leaders of our dissatisfaction.
One thing we can do to educate others is distribute copies of Immigration Watch. I suggest that when readers of Immigration Watch are finished with each issue that they leave it in a conspicuous place with other reading material for others to pick up. Leave your issue in the waiting room of a doctor or dentist’s office, at the barbershop or hair stylist, or put it on the rack with other periodicals at the local library. I guarantee that sooner or later it will be picked up by those other Americans who realize that something is changing America for the worse but they can’t put their fingers on the problem. Once they read that issue of Immigration Watch a light may go, and they may join us. I get extra copies of Immigration Watch and leave them in all the places I just listed plus at airports and train stations. Everyone is looking for something to read while waiting, and it won’t be long before your discarded issue of Immigration Watch gets into the right hands, and there will be an another A1C supporter.
R.A.
Trenton, NJ
Dear Editor:
I am a painter struggling to find work here in southern California. The other day 1 was measuring a home so that 1 could work up a bid to be delivered to the owner. Having completed my measurements, 1 jumped in my
nineteen-year-old Chevy pickup truck with my last one-quarter tank of gas desperately hoping to get this job, as there was only $27.00 now in my company account. You see, I hadn’t worked in four weeks.
As I was about to leave, a group of Hispanic men approached me from across the street, a legalized alien contractor and his three illegal alien painters who had disembarked from a brand new Ford F-250 with the bed full of paint, paint buckets, painting materials and tools. Being approached by illegals in itself is not too uncommon for me, usually as I’m bidding or shopping at our local home improvement super store. They usually ask in broken English if I have work for them. My standard response is, “Do you have a Social Security card?” The usual answer is no.
But this time it was different; these people did not want to ask me for work, but wanted to ask me something else, a question I have heard several other times during the past couple of years. They demanded, and I quote, “Why are you taking Mexicans’ work”? I don’t think they expected my response. With my truck in gear and a clear path ahead I responded, saying I had been painting houses since I was sixteen years old, well before California seceded from the United States to Mexico! The ringleader’s tone of voice changed to something menacing as he asked if I hated Mexicans. At this point my tone of voice changed as well. I told him that I did not hate Mexicans, but that when they want to come to the United States they ask permission, and the ones who don’t are criminals. Not wanting to push my luck, as I was alone, I gunned the gas and lit out of there. Looking in the rearview mirror I saw them rushing to their truck, but as they were facing the other way, they had no chance to catch me. I know full well that if I had stayed I would more than likely have become just another all too common statistic.
When I do get a job, I’ll be there with a bad back (because I can’t afford going to the doctor), and I’ll be working alone because I can’t afford to hire employees to help me. You see, if you play by the rules of employment you have a lot of overhead—workman’s comp, payroll taxes, insurance, etc. With this overhead you simply can’t hire workers and compete with unlicensed contractors and illegal aliens who work under the table.
Out of the last 16 bids I delivered, most went to illegal aliens or people who hire them. One job I did get recently was from a patriotic American willing to be charitable. Since when did getting a job become charity? I don’t want a handout. This is someone who would like to make an honest living in his own country doing a job an American is willing to do.
N.S
Cyberspace
Aprii/May 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page S
Pagv7
Letters- —Continued from Page 7
Dear Editor:
Please consider t his a note of thanks to AIC from one of the millions of weary U.S. born citizens. As blue collar and working class people who struggle to raise our children, we need relief from some source. As the foreigners keep pouring in. they take away from the American people and leave us truly struggling.
Not only do 1 and millions of other Americans struggle daily to make ends meet, we also must watch our children struggle even to find a decent job. Despite the bad deal they're getting, many are willing to enlist in the military to serve their country. (My son is in the Marine Reserves.) You would think our country would show them more appreciation.
The time has come for Americans to save our country. We should encourage foreigners to stay home and save their own countries.
S.G.
Tupelo,MS
Ponzi —Continued from Page 6
Immigration: Wrong Answer for Social Security to send to the members of his congressional delegation, he wrote, “I found the author’s reasoning to be sound and the conclusions inescapable. This study serves as an urgent warning to every U.S. citizen who is genuinely concerned about the number one problem facing the United States today—that of unchecked immigration and dangerously open borders.”
We commend Mr. F.C. for his action and encourage all AIC members to send a copy of Dr. Attarian’s report to President Bush as well as to their representative and senators.
‘‘Copies of Dr. Attarian’s study are available from AIC for only $4 each, or 4 for $10 (1 each for Bush, your Senators, and your Representative.)
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738
Monterey, VA 24465	p
Will We Join the Third World?
The term “Third World” suggests lands where wealthy elites rule over impoverished masses; where freedom, hope and opportunity are not common. This dismal situation seems far removed from our country, but is it?
Businessman Kenneth Buchdahl believes we will have a Third World future, and perhaps fairly soon, if present trends do not change. In his book, Dismembering the American Dream, Buchdahl argues that radical “free trade” policies are off-shoring the industries and other businesses that sustain our middle class society. Without reform, he predicts that “all business that can be moved [abroad] will be moved in the next 10-15 years.”
On top of this, he observes, mass immigration is pulling down incomes of American professionals and blue collar workers alike.
In clear, easy-to-understand prose, Buchdahl urges all Americans to shift our present course and save the American Dream of prosperity and hope for future generations. The strength of his reason and passionate concern merit a wide audience.
Dismembering the American Dream can be purchased through most major book sellers.
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.