Auqust/September 2001
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Washington Hears AIC’s Message
American Immigration Control is undertaking a special effort in 2001 to make the cause of immigration reform heard in Washington. This is particularly crucial now because of growing pressure to grant new amnesties to illegal aliens, or a de facto amnesty under the name of a “guest-worker" program. The effort is threefold.
The first step has been an intense media and mail campaign to educate Americans and encourage them to contact Washington and, when appropriate, their state capitals. In April and May, AIC, in conjunction with other national immigration control groups, took out newspaper, radio and TV ads in Midwestern and Southern states.
The campaign resulted in a huge volume of telephone calls to the White House urging President Bush to reconsider the proposed guest-worker program. The effectiveness of the campaign also could be measured in the level of opposition it stirred. Sen. Sam Brownback (R-KS), an advocate of mass immigration, publicly called on the media in his state to stop running the ads.
Along with the media blitz, AIC has mailed thousands of packets of information to households across America. One topic is illegal aliens taking advantage of laws that grant easy access to driver’s licenses. (See pages two and three.)
AIC Editor John Vinson and AIC President Bob Goldsborough in Washington.
With sentiment for reform growing at the grassroots level, AIC’s second step has been an increased lobbying effort in Washington to represent that sentiment. For the
Continued on page 4
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
AIC recently conducted a survey of members and supporters to find out their concerns and how we may better * adapt our program to those viewpoints. The following is a report on the findings of the survey:
1) The top four concerns AIC members and supporters have about immigration are: 1) The pressure to make America a multi-lingual country. 2) The adverse effects of immigration on our economy, jobs, and taxes. 3) The impact on schools. 4) The undermining of basic American values and culture.
2) AIC members and supporters had strong misgivings
In This Issue	
Editor’s View								Page 2
Immigration New* Brief*				Page 8
Washington Report ......						Page 0
Letter* to the Editor						 Page 7
about the tendency of the Bush administration to support mass immigration.
Seventy-nine percent were “very concerned” about the administration; 15 percent were “moderately concerned" two percent were “not concerned;” and four percent had “no opinion.”
3)	What issues should AIC set as priorities for immigration reform? The top four priorities, said respondents to the survey, are: 1) Stopping “chain immigration” which makes family connections of immigrants the primary basis of UJ5. admissions policy. 2) Making English the official U.S. language. 3) Cutting the number of immigrants to traditional levels. 4) Stopping automatic citizenship for the children of illegal aliens born in the U.S.
4)	On the question of where AIC should concentrate its efforts, our members and supporters responded in the following order: 1) I Mam talk of the hard facts about immigration on radio and TV talk shows. 2) Newspaper ads exposing stories not covered in the media. 3) Personal meetings with policy-makers.
Editor’s View
Reformers: Look Closer to Home
Many AIC members and supporters wonder what, if anything, might be done at the state and local levels to promote immigration reform. In terms of legal immigration, the answer is very little. Legal immigration is a matter of federal law. Some maintain that this same principle also applies to illegal immigration. This, however, is not the case, especially in light of legislation and a court ruling during the past five years.
The legislation is Section 133 of the 1996 immigration act. It allows state and local law enforcement agencies to help the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) detain and arrest illegal aliens. To participate, the agencies must file a “memorandum of understanding” with the U.S. Attorney General to receive training from the INS.
In 1999, the federal 10th Circuit Court upheld the principle of local and state participation in immigration law enforcement. The case, U.S. v. Vasquez-Alvarez, involved an illegal alien who maintained that his arrest by the Edmond, Oklahoma, police was improper. The court ruled that local and state authorities with “probable cause” can arrest illegal aliens to the extent allowed by state law. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a subsequent ruling, allowed the verdict of Vasquez-Alvarez to stand.
Assistance from localities and states could make an enormous contribution to interior enforcement of immigration law. These jurisdictions employ approximately 475,000 officers. Currently the INS has only about 2,000 agents to cover the entire U.S., a job far beyond the ability of so few. And Congress now is not inclined to increase their numbers substantially. Thus, for the time being, Section 133 and the 10th Circuit Court ruling offer the best hope for dealing with illegal aliens who make it to our interior.
This fact is one not lost on illegal aliens and their supporters in America. They have strongly protested all steps toward local and state enforcement. In Salt Lake City, several years ago, it appeared that the city council would vote for the “memorandum of understanding” under Section 133. But when the council gathered to vote, a crowd of Hispanics showed up to protest. The council voted the measure down. The moral of this story is that immigration reformers should work for local and state enforcement before illegal alien lobbies grow strong enough to stop them.
Another important activity at the state level is to block easy access to driver’s licenses. It is common for
Immigration Watch is published by American Immigration Control, Nonprofit Corporation. Box 738, Monterey, VA 24485. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed In signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
illegal aliens to use driver’s licenses to obtain all the other documents they need to live in America.
California specifically did so at the behest of immigration reformers, and other states have strict laws. But once again, the other side is resisting. In Georgia, illegal aliens are suing the Georgia Department of Public Safety because it only issues
licenses to citizens and legal by John C. Vinson residents. The plaintiffs	Editor
claimed that the
requirement of legal residence deprived them of “their fundamental right to travel.” As part of the suit, they are demanding damages of $5,000 for each illegal in the state denied a license.
Another local action, when illegal aliens begin showing up in communities and neighborhoods, is to demand strict enforcement of health and safety codes. (When activists do this, illegals commonly reply that having to obey the same laws that Americans obey is “racism.”) When illegals cause problems loitering in public places, they and their supporters propose “job centers” as the “solution.” Supposedly, at such centers, funded by U.S. taxpayers, illegals can seek work without being a nuisance. Americans have replied that the centers are a subsidy for law breaking and a magnet for more illegals. Citizens in Farmingville, New York, recently stopped plans for a hiring center after a long hard effort.
On a purely individual level, citizens can act against illegal immigration. One way is to report suspected illegal aliens to the INS. Another possibility is reporting businesses which hire illegals to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Such businesses often evade taxes by paying illegals under the table. The telephone numbers for local INS offices and the IRS tip line are posted on the website www.americanpatrol.com, under the heading “INS phone numbers.”
Aside from dealing with law enforcement, individuals can exert social pressure against illegal immigration. One way in local communities is to shun individuals who hire illegals and boycott businesses that employ them. Sometimes even unscrupulous people will do the right thing if they know they will suffer loss of approval—and profits—if they do wrong.
The failure of the federal government to deal with legal and illegal immigration is certainly frustrating. But as reformers keep pressing Washington to act, they should not neglect possibilities for action in their own backyards, particularly as those backyards fill with unwanted guests.
Page 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Vugust/September 2001
MR. PRESIDENT - WE'VE < GOT TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE TLIEGALST
ftssiQtore
TUATLL VAXf
wLEGAL I
A POSE BY AMY OTHER NAME IS STILL ILLEGAL!
Ll'drft^
ikim* *
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
REP. CHRIS CANNON (R-UT) HAS INTRODUCED LEGISLATION to open U.S. colleges and universities to illegal aliens. The bill, H.R. 1918, co-sponsored by Rep. Howard Berman (D-CA), would amend federal law to allow states to grant this privilege to illegal residents. If states do so, illegal aliens seeking admission would be eligible for in-state tuition. American students from other states would continue paying the higher out-of-state rates.
The legislation also would allow illegal aliens attending
U.S. high schools to apply for permanent legal residence if they have lived in the U.S. for five years, have applied for college admission, and have shown “good moral character.” Cannon did not explain how “good moral character” is consistent with breaking U.S. immigration laws. Another provision of his bill is permitting illegal aliens to compete with U.S. applicants for financial aid, such as Pell grants.
IOWANS, SEEKING TO PROTEST MASS IMMIGRATION, entered a float in Mason City’s North Iowa Band Festival parade, which took place in June. The float, pulled by a car driven by an elderly woman, carried the message, “In your 20’s? Immigration will double U.S. population in your lifetime.”
Festival coordinator Vance Baird professed great outrage at this message. “There is no place in Mason City for the type of racism and bigotry that this float emphasized,” Baird said. “We attempted to take the float out of the parade. But because of the driver’s refusal to move, anything short of physically removing her would not have worked.”
Baird apologized to the public for the float being in the parade. Polls show that about 60 percent of Iowans want less immigration.
HUMAN EVENTS, A WASHINGTON-BASED CONSERVATIVE NEWSPAPER, surveyed House members and senators on immigration. Two editors of the magazine informed them that six million illegal aliens now reside in the U.8., according to the official estimate of the Census Bureau. The editors also informed them that a recent study done at Northeastern University found that the total could be as high as 11 million. Then they asked the congressmen: Should illegal aliens be deported?
Only two of the seventeen, itep. Jim Kamstad (li-MN) and Rep. John Dingell (D Ml), gave what the editors de-
Augubt/St-pn-iulnr 2001
scribed as “a clear ‘yes’ answer.” Ramstad replied, “Absolutely, we have immigration laws for a reason, and illegal immigration is a huge problem in this country.” Dingell said, “According to due process, yes. Illegal immigrants should be deported under due process of the law.”
Most of the other congressmen gave answers to the effect that we must enforce our laws, but not too strictly. Typical of this response was that of Rep. Jennifer Dunn (R-WA): “I think you start by making sure your borders are protected, and you start by tightening the system of immigration. I’m not much of a fan of amnesties, but I don’t like deportations either.” Rep. Chris Cannon (R-UT) replied, “If we deported them all, we wouldn’t be able to buy hamburgers at McDonald’s. ... they’re breaking the law, but we need them. . . .[Illegals] tend to be good, family people, caring and involved, active in their communities and paying their taxes.”
A few of the congressmen seemed hostile or indifferent to the need for immigration law enforcement. After the editors stated the illegal alien statistics to House Minority Whip David Bonior (D-MI), they asked about deportation. Bonior answered, “Where did you get that number from?” Human Events: “The 11 million number is from Northeastern University.” Bonior: “Northeastern University?” Human Events'. “Six million is the Census Bureau number.” Bonoir: “Six million is the Census Bureau number. I don’t know that that’s the case.” Human Events'. “Will you answer the question about... deportation? Bonior: “No I won’t."
THE STATE OF TENNESSEE RECENTLY PASSED LEGISLATION making it easy for illegal aliens to obtain driver’s licenses. Supporters of the measure claimed that it would not encourage illegal aliens to come to the state to take advantage of the law. Illegal aliens increasingly go to states with lax license laws because a driver’s license will give them access to other documents they need to live in the U.S.
After the Tennessee law passed, the prediction of its supporters proved false. Long lines of suspected illegals formed in front of license offices, often preventing citizens from doing business there.
The situation has angered many Tennesseeans, and legislation to repeal the easy license law has gained strong support,
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
The Congressional Corrector
New Jersey Congressman in Error
Prom time to time. A1C supporters send us pro-mass immigration letters they received from congressmen in response to letters they wrote. We use this column to correct the errors in those replies. Below is the edited version of a letter sent by Rep. Mike Ferguson (D-NJ) to one of our supporters. His statements are in italic; our comments are bracketed in normal type.
As you know, the U.S. has experienced unprecedented growth over the past ten years. (This is a true statement.]
I believe much of what makes this country such a dynamic innovator and resourceful competitor in the global marketplace is its diverse population. [We were resourceful and competitive long before we were so diverse.]
America was founded and shaped by immigrants seeking freedom and opportunity. [Actually America was founded by British settlers who moved within the jurisdiction of the British Empire. They were not immigrants any more than an American who moves from Maine to California.]
Immigrants have almost universally embraced American culture and values, serving bravely in our armed forces, founding some of our successful companies and pioneering advances in science, technology and industry. [ This is more true of immigrants in the past than today. The reason is that in the past we limited immigration to numbers we could assimilate. Today, as Rep. Ferguson so rightly observes. the numbers are “unprecedented.” Also today, our will to assimilate is lower than ever. American institutions in the past, particularly schools, strictly defined the standards of assimilation and insisted upon them. Now a pervasive “multiculturalism” teaches indifference and even hostility to American culture. Immigrants indeed have contributed to technology and industry, but not more so than natives.]
Immigration strengthens and enriches American culture, increases the total output of the economy and raises the standard of living of American citizens. [Immigration may or may not enrich our culture. Again, it depends on numbers and assimilation. The claim of increased output is misleading. The most authoritative study, done by the National Research Council (NRC), found that immigration increases natives’ total wealth from between $1 to $10 billion a year. Most of this gain, however, goes to better-off Americans at the expense of the disadvantaged ones. Immigration accounted for about half of the relative wage decline of Americans without a high school degree. The NRC also found that immigration, in terms of welfare and other public expenditures, caused a yearly net loss of between $15 and $20 billion.]
Assertions that immigrants lower our quality of life by increasing the country's population... are contradicted by the experience of the past 50 years, which have seen environmental indicators improve while the population has increased. (Due to heroic efforts and tough regulation, some environmental indicators have improved in spite of population growth. But significant ones have declined. Millions of acres which were fertile farmland, forest and wildlife habitat are now under asphalt and concrete. Much of Rep.
Pilgrims gather. They were settlers, not immigrants.
Ferguson’s state is a case in point. If runaway population growth continues, environmental protection will be strained to the limit, and regulation will force us to give up many freedoms.]
Even though the number of immigrants has been rising in recent years, America’s annual population growth rate is now less than one percent, compared to an average rate of 1.3 percent since 1900. [This is a statistical slight-of-hand which gives a false impression. If population on a desert island grows from ten to twenty people, that’s a 100 percent increase. If it adds 15 more to the twenty, that’s only a 75 percent increase. The percent of growth declined, even as the total numbers more than tripled. If immigration continues at the present level, according to the U.S. Census Bureau’s median projection, the present U.S. population of 281 million will grow to 400 million within fifty years (almost 120 million more people). The Bureau, however, may be way off the mark. Just twelve years ago its median estimate for 2050 was only 299 million. Some demographers believe that the Bureau’s “high estimate” of 519 million is more on target. That’s more than one-half billion, close to twice our current size.]
I am a member of the Sierra Club and place the safety and preservation of the natural world as top priority. [If so, then start looking at the numbers.]
Washington —Continued from Page 1
summer, A1C has hired an extra lobbyist to assist AIC President Robert Goldsborough.
AIC's third step has been building political alliances with patriotic and traditionalist organizations. While their focus may not be immigration, they have a strong interest in preventing the “multiculturalism" that immigration brings. With them, AH' can forge a strong united front for immigration reform.
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
\ugust/Septeinber 2001
AIC Replies to Pro-immigration Articles
As a service to AIC members and Immigration Watch readers, we answer pro-immigration articles which appear in magazines and newspapers with letters-to-the-editor. If you see an article you would like for us to answer, fax it to AIC as quickly as possible, and if we have time we will write a reply. Our fax number is (540) 468-2026. The following are two letters we have sent in response to requests.
Letter to the Editor—Las Vegas Review-Journal
Dear Editor:
In the editorial “Who makes the Best Americans” your editorialist suggests that we keep an immigration policy which invites disproportionate numbers of poor people with limited skills. This writer indicates that they, like poor immigrants who came through Ellis Island, will rise to become “good Americans” as they work hard to provide for their families.
Middle-class editorial writers can afford, quite literally, to indulge such heart-warming sentiments. Those who can’t are America’s poor, both native-born and foreign-born. The reason is the law of supply and demand. When you increase the supply of workers for low-skilled jobs (or any jobs), workers’ wages decline. This indeed is happening. Harvard economist George Borjas has found that immigration plays a large role in depressing the wages of unskilled American residents. With low wages, one wonders how they can provide for their families.
Your writer shouldn’t use the past to romanticize this situation. Mass immigration of the Ellis Island era constantly pushed down workers’ incomes and created the hellish conditions depicted in Upton Sinclair’s novel, The Jungle. Yes, people worked their way up from this morass, but the price society paid was a legacy of labor strife, political division and class antagonism which persists to this very day.
With respect to immigration, let’s learn from the past instead of blindly repeating it. America deserves a better policy than one which caters to cheap sentiment and the relentless yearning of profiteers for cheap labor.
Sincerely,
American Immigration Control
The News-Leader of Springfield, Missouri, ran an editorial praising immigration. (Legal and illegal were not distinguished.) It stated: “The world is a more diverse place . .., Diversity goes hand in hand with growth and progress , . . .Growing up in an area with increasing diversity is important preparation for the future.”
Letter to the Editor—The News-Leader
Dear Editor:
As Mad Cow Disease spreads, another plague is mak-ing its rounds too. Judging from your recent editorial praising the immigration colonization of Springfield, it has in-
Unemployed Americans. Immigration profits some, and brings unemployment and suppressed wages to others. (Photo: AP/Wide World)
fected your newspaper. The name of this plague is Mad Diversity Disease (MDD).
MDD generally pervades the minds of social elites. Upscale businessmen who crave cheap labor are highly susceptible to the disease because it gives them an excuse to offer wages and working conditions which pesky American workers would never tolerate. Journalists, educators, clergy and other high-priests of wordcraft also succumb to MDD because it gives them license to scorn average Americans who are not up to their level of enlightenment. As MDD progresses among these professional groups, delusional thinking sets in, and they imagine that helter-skelter mixing of every nation, tribe and kindred will produce one big happy Sesame Street.
Although MDD usually infects elites, the real sufferers of the disease are those scorned average Americans. They have to live in the “diversity” that the elites praise from a safe distance. These average Americans must bear the taunts of “racist” and “bigot” because they resent lower wages, higher taxes, and the sad condition of feeling like strangers in their own country.
The true irony of MDD is that it destroys the kinds of diversity that are genuinely desirable. If left untreated, MDD will obliterate the cultural and historical uniqueness of every community like Springfield, and re-make the entire country in the image of multicultural conformity— one nation under bedlam with chaos and confusion for all.
Sincerely,
American Immigration Control
My opinion, with respect to immigration, is that except for useful mechanics and some particular description of men and professions, there is no use in encouragement.
—George Washington
Aegost/bepteuiber 2001
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page S
Washington Report
Mexican President Vicente Fox9s Shameless Hypocrisy
Mexico's president, the multi-millionaire farmer and rancher Vicente Fox, has repeatedly demanded that the United States government improve working conditions for illegal Mexican immigrants in the U.S.
Wearing his humanitarian false-face, Fox calls Mexicans who enter the U.S. illegally, “heroes” and on March 21. with no sense of shame, called for the California state legislature to grant lower in-state tuition rates to Mexicans living illegally in California.
Fox has also decided to do everything possible to help more and more millions of his so-called “heroes” sneak into the U.S. in the future. In June, Mexico’s Office for Mexicans Abroad (OMA) began to distribute 200,000 survival kits to make it easier for Fox’s “heroes” to break U.S. law and sneak illegally into our country. Juan Hernandez, OMA’s director, admitted that the OMA office “was created especially to watch out for their needs,” and did agree that the kits make it appear as if the government is encouraging illegal immigration to the U.S.
The estimated cost of the survival kit program is $2 million, but Mexico wants the California Endowment, a U.S. foundation, to fund all or part of the program. Dr. Robert Ross, president of the California Endowment said, “We are very committed to working with Mexican public health officials.” In the travel kits is a list of California health clinics that don’t ask for Social Security numbers or any other proof of citizenship or legitimate residency. Increasingly, Mexican illegals have tuberculosis. Therefore, those who use the kits will receive special cards documenting their treatment prior to leaving Mexico so they can receive continuing treatment in the U.S., courtesy of overtaxed American citizens. This is all done, of course, in the name of humanitarianism!
Ever since meeting with President Bush earlier this year, Fox has publicly suggested that it would be beneficial for both countries if the border between the U.S. and Mexico were to disappear! Since Mexico is already America’s greatest source of illegal narcotics, an open border would dramatically increase the supply of drugs and resultant associated deaths.
Fox's insane suggestion of an open border would not only facilitate a much greater flow of illegal drugs and increase the spread of communicable diseases (like TB and AIDS), it would also make it much easier for Communist China to insert its terrorists, espionage and criminal gangs into the U.S.
Last December, a White House report titled “International Crime Threat Assessment” outlined the organization of Chinese criminal gangs which are already taking advantage of Canada’s lax immigration policies to import assault weapons into the U.S. and
by Robert H. Goldsborougb President, AIC
export sensitive U.S. military technology to the Chinese military. Fox’s proposal to eliminate the U.S.-Mexican border would further complicate U.S.
Customs’ efforts to detect and interdict Mexican-based Communist Chinese smuggling and espionage operations.
And now we come to President Fox’s shameless hypocrisy. As Fox, with his humanitarian false-face, expresses such benevolent “concern” over the
treatment of Mexican illegals in the United States, he has deliberately tried to hide the fact that Mexico is abusing its own migrant workers. Mexico does little or nothing to assist the millions of Mexican migrants who work for slave wages in places like Villa Juarez in Mexico’s Pacific Northwest. In The New York Times (May 6, 2001), reporter Ginger Thompson’s article “At Home, Mexico Mistreats Its Migrant Farmhands” should be an eye-opener for our elected officials who believe that Fox can be a trusted good neighbor.
Thompson writes, “President Vicente Fox has been an outspoken advocate of Mexican laborers in the United States, pressing Washington to improve their working conditions. But in his five months in office, he has not devoted a speech to the cares of migrant workers at home.” The unfortunate migrant workers in Mexico work “until sunset for a little more than $5 for the day.” One Mexican, Patricio Gomez, interviewed said, “No one defends us. They do not pay us what they promised. And if we are sick, they do not give us the medicine we need.” Gomez, described as gaunt and “as haggard as a scarecrow” had three of his barefoot children, ages 8, 10, and 11, working at this side.
But that is only one of Fox’s hypocritical secrets that he tries to cover up with his phony humanitarian false-face. Thompson writes that after Fox’s “election it was discovered that children as young as 11 worked at the Fox family’s own plants packing vegetables.”
The Times article reveals that “Mr. Fox, the son of ranchers, has not devoted any significant political capital to the abuses against migrants who labor on Mexican soil. And when Mexico’s reporters discovered that children had been employed in packing plants owned by his family, a violation [of] Mexican law, the president sought first to distance himself from the matter saying:
Fags 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page S August/Scptember 2001
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
We must start calling a spade a spade.
The leftists (translation: socialists) promote mass immigration because it fuels the welfare programs, the ethnic turbulence, and the political correctness that are all a part of the socialist agenda. They intend to destabilize America, reinvent our form of government, and redistribute our society’s wealth. And they’re succeeding at a horrifying speed.
The capitalists promote mass immigration because it is a source of cheap labor, fueling their corporate profits, and they are foolish enough to believe that the leftists, as they redistribute America's wealth, will focus on the assets of the middle-class instead of those belonging to the corporate fat cats. Either that, or the fat cats aren’t thinking about the future at all, at least no more than the aristocracy of France did before the unwashed peasants began arriving at their chateaus with pitchforks.
If America is to survive, the rest of us must understand what’s happening, educate others, and resist it by every legal means available.
David Horowitz Washington, D.C.
Dear Editor:
I recently returned from a trip to California. My eyes were opened. Here is a state that is more possessed of natural beauty than any other in our nation. I was incensed to see what is becoming of it. Many of the Asian immigrants I came across were civil and accommodating. However, I experienced only tribal rudeness from Latinos. Upon stopping at a restaurant between Malibu and Oxnard on the Pacific Coast Highway, I noticed immediately the gang graffiti scrawled along the side of the building. Inside, I was greeted by the coldest of stares, as I was obviously the only “Anglo” in the establishment.
Driving to Santa Maria, California, was a sad sight. Here was a town that was obviously quite beautiful at one time. But as I got deeper and deeper into town, I noticed there was nary a face that wasn’t Mexican or Central American, and many shops were out of business. The few that were in business had signs written in Spanish, sometimes no English, and the overall look of the place was dingy and unkempt.
So now I am incensed at the Republican and Democratic parties! 1 am incensed that a 1993 poll commissioned by Time magazine showed that three-quarters of Americans advocated immigration reform, and yet the will of the people is ignored! 1 am not someone who hates brown and yellow people. 1 am an American who loves America. Remember those two sentences because they are the sentiments of most Americans. Waves of immigrants were assimilated in the past because we decided to set reasonable limits.
Today the Democrats (Marxists in disguise) advocate free immigration because their secret hope is to destroy the American Revolution that they so hate. Many free market Republicans are only interested in the money they can make off cheap labor. They would trade red, white and blue in a heartbeat for a little more green. In the meantime,
while both of these groups revel in their universality, I am a real American who loves his country.
S.T.
Location Withhheld
Dear Editor:
I never thought I would lose my hometown (Houston, Texas), but I have. I am a 50-year-old woman who was considering moving back to my hometown to be near my siblings and aging mother, but there is no way now. On a recent visit, I realized that I cannot afford to buy a home there because the properties have skyrocketed, along with property taxes in order to cover the education costs for the ever-increasing alien population. Additionally, the grassroots American citizen is now the minority in Houston. Anyone driving through the neighborhoods and in rush hour traffic can quickly size up the situation. And I will not even begin to go into the details regarding foreign-owned businesses there!
I am joining your organization. And I am looking for ways to deal with this ever-increasing problem. I, along with yourselves, am not a hater of particular groups, but agree that we (Americans) and the American culture are rapidly becoming extinct. In conversations with fellow-Americans concerning the immigration situation, this is what I have personally experienced:
First, the average American, though saddened about what is happening, has the misconception that “nothing can be done” about the problem. Next, the average American, such as myself, has no idea that an organization such as yours even exists.
What really troubles me is that average Americans seem to have forgotten their own history. Was American blood spilled in wars to protect our nation against foreign invasion only so politicians could give it away today?
V.	M.
Little Rock, AR
Dear Editor:
Perhaps the greatest lesson of history is that empires and nations have been, and still can be, destroyed by means other than armed conquest.
I opposed the so-called immigration reform act of 1965, and I have tried to convince my fellow Americans of its danger to the future of our beloved country. My financial support of immigration reform groups has been cut short by my health, the consequence of five by-pass heart surgeries and the ever-rising health costs for my wife and me.
I still do my best to sound-the-alarm as well as I can. And I will continue to do so as long as I live.
Again, I salute you for your constant efforts for our fixture. Please continue those efforts.
W.	M.
Austin, TX
Dear Editor:
Republicans and Democrats alike do not care what happens to the true American people, our culture, our language and our rights.
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Attgust/feepteuiber 2001
Continued on page S Page 7
Letters —Continued from Page 7
We fought the Second World War for those things. I was a 19-year-old aircraft riveter making airplanes in a factory, while mv brother and many of my teenage friends went to fight for our country and preserve our way of life. Thousands lost their young lives. Some of them, my friends. Now to see what the politicians have done to us makes my blood boil.
I was a registered Democrat most of my life, because I thought they were for working people. But there are no Harry Trumans any more. I’ve re-registered as an independent.
I get tired of our local newspaper, The Arizona Republic. which constantly promotes the pro-immigration line, and 1 also get tired of having so much of my income taken to support the Mexican illegals here.
S.S.
Phoenix, AZ
Dear Editor:
I agree with your cause. Until 1997 I had my own law practice, but that year I was diagnosed with cancer, and I have been fighting for my life ever since. I have lost everything I owned, and must rely on the county hospital district for treatment, which I cannot afford to pay for myself. I have to provide proof of residence, income verification, domicile, etc., etc., etc., in order to get treatment.
But every time I go to the hospital the place is full of Mexicans who can’t speak a lick of English, and without a doubt are illegal aliens. They get treated before me. I am 39 years old, born in Texas, and have been paying taxes in this country since I was 15 years old.
Thank you for letting me “vent.” I wish I could help financially, but every red cent I have goes for pain medication, and I probably will not be around much longer. Good luck with your cause, and don’t let them take our country away after I check out.
C.M.
Houston, TX
Immigration Watch
Amcnca/1 Immigration Control, N.C. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
FOX—Continued from Page 6
‘This is not as issue for me. It is an issue for others whose names [are] Fox.’ Later Fox’s family dismissed more than 20 minors from their operations."
Fox is a colossal hypocrite who makes accusations against the United States in order to divert attention from his country’s and his own insensitivity towards Mexico’s migrant workers.
From the president to state governors, from the judges to the police, there are both mental and material corruption so intertwined with life in Mexico that when drug lords are arrested they laugh because they know in a matter of days they will be free because the local judges and prosecutors are on their payroll.
Can we have open borders with Mexico, now or in the near future?
Can the U.S. bail out Vicente Fox and the vast criminal spiderweb that has strangled the lifeblood out of Mexico?
The answer is an absolute NO to both questions. Unless, of course, Americans want to commit national suicide.
To Vicente Fox we say: “Mr. President, get your own house in order before you start telling the U.S. what to do!”
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC
PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465
JUL 80 9001
KLAN WATCH