October/November 2002
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
U.S. Failed to Secure Border
Despite some improvements, border security did not effectively increase during the year following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. After a tour along the Mexican border last spring, Congressman Tom Tancredo (R-CO) concluded that the border in many places was nearly wide-open.
Americans for Immigration Control has surveyed a number of key observers along the Mexican border in the states of Texas, New Mexico and Arizona. They included Border Patrol agents, Customs officials, local law officers and property owners.
The flow of illegal aliens, they report, has continued without much let-up following 9/11. Increasingly, they have observed heavily armed drug traffickers moving with the aliens. A ranch worker reported that the traffickers had threatened his life. Their strategy, he and others believe, is to force American property owners along the border to leave so that the path will be clear for illegal movement across the border.
A Border Patrol officer maintained that his agency simply lacks the manpower to control the border. Another man, a former higher official in the Border Patrol, stated that placing troops on the border—at least temporarily—is necessary to secure the border. Rep. Tancredo, as head of the House Immigration Reform Caucus, has advocated deployment of federal troops to assist the Border Patrol. A recent Zogby poll found that
CUSTOMS SERVICE
laiMUjPi ieuu
Unprotected border crossing on the Mexico/Arizona boundary.
68 percent of Americans support deployment of troops on the border.
After the 9/11 attacks, Congress authorized limited and short-term deployment of National Guard units on the Canadian and Mexican borders.
Two Reform Bills Before the House
Two bills to cut unprecedented levels of legal immigration are now before the House. One is the Safer Act (H.R. 5013), introduced by House Immigration Subcommittee Chairman George Gekas (R-PA), and the Moratorium Act (H.R. 2712) by Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), chairman of the House Immigration Reform Caucus.
In This Issue		
Editor’s View							Page	2
Immigration New« Briefs			Page	3
Washington Report				........ Page	6
Letters to the Editor................			Page	7
The Safer Act would initially reduce legal immigration, now about 900,000 a year, by about 20 percent. However, its provisions to remove certain categories for the admission of immigrants’ relatives eventually would bring a greater reduction. The Safer Act also has strong provisions against illegal immigration.
The Moratorium Act would immediately cut legal immigration to about 300,000 a year from the present annual level of around 900,000. As a moratorium, it would be temporary, lasting five years. The act does not deal with illegal immigration.
Nearly all Washington observers maintain that the the odds of the Safer Act coming up for discussion and debate are much greater than those of the Moratorium Act.
Editor’s View
The Greater Cause is Freedom
Immigration reform is part of a greater cause. That cause is freedom. Most Americans want immigration cut, 58 percent according to a recent Zogby poll. Surveys for years have found similarly high levels of support for reform.
Unfortunately, the leaders of both political parties don't seem to care. And their indifference does not speak well for the health of representative government. the system through which political freedom functions. Americans rarely have an opportunity to vote in any meaningful way on immigration or issues related to it. When they do, they vote overwhelmingly for reason and reform. A prime example was the 60 percent vote in favor of California’s Proposition 187, a measure which proposed to end publicly-funded benefits to illegal aliens. Yet the views of the voters counted for little, as most provisions of the measure went down in defeat with the wave of the gavel of one federal judge.
American patriots once proclaimed “no taxation without representation.” Now their descendants suffer immigration without representation. Vested interests, mainly for cheap labor and cheap votes, don’t want representative government to cut their cash flows and political power. Businessmen with Enron ethics are simply indifferent to the future social and cultural consequences of excessive immigration, as are many politicians who bear no resemblance whatsoever to statesmen.
Adding insult to the injury of government of, for and by the interests, is the attitude of their multicultural allies who inhabit the media, universities and foundations. Not only do these interest enablers want no commoners voting on immigration, they don’t even want commoners to talk about it! With their Taliban-tactics of political correctness (PC), the “multi-cultists” aim to defame and silence anyone so bold as to exercise the right of free speech guaranteed by the Constitution.
Commonly they label speech they hate as “hate speech,” with the ultimate goal of making it a “hate crime.” If anyone should doubt that this is their aim, he need only look to Europe and Canada where political correctors are pushing outright censorship of viewpoints critical of mass immigration. With almost laughable irony, PC thought controllers—both foreign
Immigration Watch Is published by Americans lor Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24486. John Vinson, Editor. To serve Its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints In its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch Is the largest circulation Immigration publication In the nation.
and domestic—present themselves as activists for tolerance and opponents of bigotry. (Interestingly, the dictionary defines a bigot as one who tolerates no opinion but his own.)
The multi-cultists view mass immigration as the perfect vehicle for their anti-freedom objectives. By overwhelming our capacity for assimilation, mass immigration leaves us with huge numbers of people with little understanding of our liberties and the values and habits which sustain them. It also divides society, thus legitimizing a strong central authority to manage the chaotic diversity. The multi-cultists, many of them radical leftists, relish the prospect of becoming the managers.
Freedom-loving Americans are mistaken if they believe that the Constitution alone will safeguard their liberties. As Thomas Jefferson pointed out, no document by itself can protect liberty if the people lack virtue, which he saw as the moral character necessary to stand and resist tyranny.
Immigration reform is essential to our freedom, but will Americans display sufficient virtue to bring about reform? The jury on this question is still out. For reform to proceed, more Americans must defy political correctness and exercise their freedom to speak freely. Beyond that, they must place intense pressure on Washington, and seriously enter the field of politics.
Will such commitments mean that we will have less time for soap operas and sporting events? Absolutely. Could it also perhaps mean some real discomfort? Yes.
Continued on Page 5
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC
PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465
by John C. Vinson Editor
Page 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
OcIobeiVNoveniber 2001
wea fT«e
CONSTITUTION
GUA8Art7g&
FRee Sfeeew.
FP66 SPee^H Foe
PEASANTS
PROMOTE ^
INTOLERANCE»
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
HOUSE MINORITY LEADER Richard Gephardt (D-MO) is introducing legislation to grant amnesty to millions of illegal aliens, specifically those who have lived in the U.S. for five years and worked here for two years. He announced his intention to the annual meeting of the National Council of La Raza (the Race), a Hispanic advocacy group. The audience of around 3,000 gave Gephardt **a standing ovation,” the Associated Press reported.
Said Gephardt, “Our proposal will bring undocumented immigrants [i.e., illegal aliens] out of the shadows and into the light of accountability and greater cooperation in our fight against terrorism.” He continued, “We are all immigrants unless we're Native Americans. There are probably millions of [illegal] immigrants in this country who have done everything we’ve asked them to do. They’ve worked; they've stayed out of trouble; they’ve obeyed the laws; they’ve helped their families; and they would like an opportunity."
Cecilia Munoz, a vice president of La Raza, estimated that Gephardt’s proposal would legalize three to four million illegal aliens. She said that about 60 percent would be Hispanic and most of the rest Asian.
ALSO AT THE LA RAZA MEETING, Senator Christopher Dodd (D-CT) told La Raza members and supporters that they should push for the political and
economic interests of Hispanics. Dodd added that concern about open borders and terrorism should not prevent Congress from granting amnesties to illegal aliens. The Connecticut senator said that Congress probably will take up amnesty again, but will not any time soon.
Cecils Munoz, a vice president of La Raza, affirmed her organization’s support of amnesty. To promote it, La Raza has organized a postcard campaign to send a pro-amnesty message to Congress. She also stressed her organization’s opposition to allowing local and state police to assist federal enforcement of immigration law.
Dodd praised the work of La Raza and its affiliates. He added, “I want them to know there are people like me [in Congress] that give a damn about what they’re doing.”
IN JULY THE STATE OF FLORIDA SIGNED an agreement with the Justice Department to assist federal enforcement of immigration law. The agreement came under the 1996 immigration law which allows local and state police to cooperate with the federal Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS).
Florida is the first law enforcement jurisdiction to participate in the program, which requires local and state officers to receive training in immigration law.
October/Neveniber 2002
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page 4 Page 3
Reformers — Take Action Now
Grassroots pressure on Con press is the key to immigration reform AlC’s lobbying in Washington cannot succeed by itself if congressmen are not hearing regularly from their constituents about the need for immigration control.
Currently, two good bills are before the House, H.R. 5013 and H R. 2712. (See page one.) Immigration reformers should write their House members in support of one or both of these bills.
They also should call their Washington offices. To do ao. dial the Capitol Hill switchboard at (202) 224-3121, ind ask for your representative’s office. When you get (ha dfoif, ask for the person who handles immigration.
Many people complain about the problems that excessive immigration is causing. Unfortunately, they often complain to one another. Far better it would be if they would express their justified concerns to those with power to make changes.
Immigration reformers visit Washington to make their views known.
News Brief8 —Continued from Page 3
Florida, under the agreement, will provide 35 “experienced. seasoned law enforcement personnel” to deal with domestic security concerns related to immigration.
Advocates of local and state participation maintain that the understaffed INS is inadequate to track and deport the 8.7 million illegal aliens who, according to the U -S. Census Bureau, now reside in the United States. The INS only has 2,000 agents for internal enforcement of immigration laws.
GROWING NUMBERS OF SOMALI REFUGEES are changing the character of Lewiston, Maine, which until recently, reported The Boston Globe, “was 98 percent white and overwhelmingly Roman Catholic.** The Moslem Somalis began arriving in 2001 and now total 1,200, three percent of Lewiston’s population of 36,000. City officials, said the Globe, are “bracing” for as many as 2,000 by the end of the year. “Lewiston is changing in •on* very profound ways,” observed assistant city ad* minietrator Phil Nadeau.
Many of the Somalis are moving in from Atlanta, Georgia, where the federal government initially resettled them. They complained that Atlanta had a high crime rate and bad schools. Word came that Lewiston was a better place to live. "1 love it here in Lewiston," said refugee Khadar Mohammad.
A number of native resident# wonder where the newcomers will find work Jobe in the ares are nut plentiful, a factor causing s ten percent decline in the city's population during the past decade- According to city officials, “dozens” of Somalis are receiving welfare benefits. Also the refugees have increased schooling coats for programs like English as s Second language. 'Hie total bill this
year in a city suffering “a budget crunch” came to $400,000.
IMMIGRATION HAS INCREASED crowding in many American neighborhoods. Citing the research of Patrick Simmons of the Fannie Mae Foundation, USA Today (7/2/02) stated, “Counties with the highest rates of severe overcrowding tend to be ethnically diverse and home to many immigrants.”
Immigrant households often are multi-family. The crowding which results sometimes violates health and safety regulations. Numerous vehicles in yards give areas a run-down look which can depress property values. With crowded homes, immigrants sometimes can take advantage of schooling and other public services while paying proportionately lower property taxes than their American-born neighbors.
Disagreements over crowding reflect many conflicting cultural values. The USA article commented, “[SJome experts ... say that American middle-class housing standards may no longer apply in an increasingly multi-ethnic society.”
TWO UTAH LAWMAKERS, Hep Chris Cannon tR UT) and Sen. Orin Hatch (R-UT), have introduced leg-islat ion to permit illegal aliens across the nation to enjoy in-state tuition when attending American colleges. The hills also would provide amnesty for some illegal alien students once they graduate. Some states, such as California, already have relaxed restrictions on illegals getting in-slate tuition. At the University of California (I i vine), in state fees total $-1,555 a year compared with $16,057 for nonresidents.
4
IMMIGRATION WAU It
Octoher/Novcnihci 200-
11 ■ ■ 11 ■" —— ■ -	1— 11	  ""	"	-n	——I
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of I 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at j Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immi' grants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Columbia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 280 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
Book Review
Immigration Advocates Get Public Money
Pro-immigration organizations are being subsidized by taxpayer-funded government grants. This was the finding of researcher Joseph Fallon in his recently published study. The Improper Use of Public Funds: Grants, Special Interests and Immigration. The information cited comes from Philanthropic Research of Williamsburg, Virginia, a respected source of information on funding of nonprofit organizations.
The study surveys 171 nonprofit organizations which, in varying degrees, promote immigration. Two-thirds fall into the categories Fallon describes as “religious” and “ethnic-racial.” Some of these organizations, he notes, “are the financial creations of the U.S. government ” Examples are the Cambodian Mutual Assistance Association in Columbus, Ohio, which gets 96.7 percent of its revenues from government grants, and the Haitian Community Refugee Center in Los Angeles which gets all of its money from these grants.
Fallon demonstrates numerous reasons why it is improper for government to subsidize private organizations. With respect to religious groups, he points out, the Constitution forbids government favoritism toward particular faiths and denominations. But grants to some groups—and not others—is precisely this kind of religious discrimination. Catholic Charities, both the national umbrella group and local branches, are examples of pro-immigration religious organizations receiving large sums in government grants.
Public funds for ethnic/racial organizations, Fallon continues, also are improper because they violate civil rights law which prohibits government favoritism on the basis of “race, color or national origin.” Ethnic/racial groups receiving substantial government grants are the National Council of La Kaza ((8,086,192 in fiscal 1998) and the League of United J^atin American Citizens ((2,962,372 in fiscal 1999).
Borne grant receiving groups, such as the National
Immigration Forum, are entirely focused on immigration advocacy. This group received $285,976 in grants in 1999. No immigration restriction organizations receive taxpayers’ money.
One justification for grants to the receiving organizations is that the activities funded are for social purposes not related to the religious or political aims of these groups. Fallon replies that if the activities serve valid social purposes, then government should fund them directly and not route the money through private groups. And even if grants don’t directly subsidize religious and political activities, he adds, they do so indirectly by allowing the groups to transfer more of their other funds into those activities. Grants also increase the size and prestige of recipients, thus giving them more influence to pursue their objectives.
Fallon’s findings are most significant in light of a recent Zogby poll which found that 58 percent of Americans want less immigration. Fallon effectively demonstrates the moral and legal wrong of forcing them to subsidize a viewpoint they oppose.
The Improper Use of Public Funds is available from the American Immigration Control Foundation, Box 525, Monterey, Va 24465. Price $2.00 per copy.
Freedom —Continued from Page 2
The inescapable truth is that freedom isn’t free; it comes with a price.
Will Americans pay that price? Again, the jury is still out—the jury in this case being all thoughtful Americans. Each juror must now consider in the privacy of his conscience, “Just how much are my freedom and way of life worth to me?” The sum uf all these decisions will decide the outcome, a verdict of apathy- and all its terrible consequences—or a verdict of virtue.
October/Nvvsiiiber 2002
IMMIGRATION WATC H
Page 5
Washington Report
D. C.—District of Confusion
Many years ago, I heard a nationally known speaker quip that we live in a vast insane asylum and the nuttiest ones are in charge in Washington,
D.C., adding, “the D.C. stands for District of Confusion....” Everybody roared with laughter. However. every time I review the events which laid the groundwork for the alien terrorist attacks of September 11,1 am more convinced than ever that the speaker was absolutely correct in his assessment!
For instance, one of the suspects of the 1993 World Trade Center truck bombing was an Islamic Egyptian named Mahmud Abouhalima who had first entered the U.S. in 1985 on a tourist visa, which expired in the spring of 1986. He continued to work in the U.S. as an illegal alien, but was amnestied in 1988 as a result of the 1986 immigration amnesty law (which AIC vigorously opposed).
When questioned about his part in the 1993 bombing, Abouhalima offered insider information about the Muslim bomb conspiracy to bargain with Federal prosecutors for a lighter sentence. Ultimately, although he supplied information, the deal fell through, and he received a life sentence. Congress and FBI headquarters were not sufficiently motivated to allocate adequate resources to follow up on all aspects of Abouhalima’s 1993 information. Finally, in late 1998 the light dawned and the October 22, New York Times blazoned the long-overdue headline: “U.S. Sees a Brooklyn Connection to International Terror Network.”
The convicted alien Abouhalima had, according to The Times, “told prosecutors that he had twice turned to a Texas acquaintance named Wadih el Hage to buy weapons for his Brooklyn associates. Last month, Mr. el Hage was arrested on charges of being part of the Osama bin Laden network that is suspected of the bombing of the United States Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on August 7 [1998].” Abouhalima had also told the federal agents and prosecutors that his fellow conspirators were part of a Brooklyn-based circle of Arab Muslims who met first at the Alkifah Center and then in a run-down apartment at 866 Atlantic Ave.
The Times reported, “It was this ramshackle office that the government says evolved into the American outpost of Mr. bin Laden’s international terrorist organization.” The Lebanese born el Hage first came to the U.B. on a student visa in 1978, was in and out of the country traveling to Pakistan to fight the Soviets. He returned to the U.S. in 1984, married an American in 1985, and became a U.S. citizen in 1989. He was a personal secretary to bin Laden and raised money and ran businesses in the U.S. and Africa that provided
funds for the organization.
El Hage helped bin Laden purchase an airplane to transport anti-aircraft missiles. (CIS paper “The Open Door” by Steven A.
Camarota, May 2002).
El Hage was found guilty in June, 2001, and was sentenced to life in prison.
The cases of Abouhalima and el Hage illustrate two problems that the United States must solve before we can identify terrorists and stop| the lack of adequate background checks for visa applicants; and 2) the lack of an entry-exit visa tracking system.
In 1996, Congress passed the much needed Illegal Immigration Reform and Responsibility Act (opposed by Clinton) which required the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) to track the entry and exit of all noncitizens in order to identify immigrants who overstayed their visas, thus becoming illegal aliens. The law, which was to have taken effect on October 1, 1998, was postponed because the Clinton administration kept dragging its feet by claiming equipment inadequacies.
By the year 2000, the visa-tracking system was virtually shelved due to Clinton stalling techniques, coupled with opposition by pro-alien ethnic factions, Mexican officials, Canadian businessmen, and some members of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The growing potential of alien terrorist attacks did not seem to concern these groups.
Tracking of potential terrorists was made considerably more difficult in March, 1999, when Clinton’s Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI director Louis Freeh cut off INS access to the FBI’s data base. Under the headline “Free Entry for Criminals,” the August 15, 1999, New York Post proclaimed “INS flying blind as FBI cuts off database.” One INS official told the Post, “We no longer check for criminal aliens. We don’t have the tools to do it.”
Terrorists, drug smugglers, and other alien criminals had no better friends than the Clintons and Reno!
The continuing threat of aliens to America’s safety and survival has been virtually ignored by politicians of both parties.
Continued on Page 8
by Robert H. Goldsborougb President, AIC
them before they strike: 1)
Fags 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Qctober/November 2002
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
I have been a subscriber to Immigration Watch for some time. You are doing a great service informing Americans of the dangers of immigration facing the United States. Keep up the great work.
Even- year my wife and I visit Southern Texas, as my wife's brother and his family live there. We have friends there too. They said that they’re really living in Mexico. Rightly so! We have visited El Paso, Houston, San Antonio, Austin, Waco, Fort Worth, Dallas, Lubbock, etc. Indeed, you would think you were in Mexico.
Sooner or later, the immigration problem will affect everyone. Here in Baden, Pennsylvania, we have seen our first Mexican migrants. It is said that they are illegals, but nothing is being done about it. The officials look the other way. At the present rate, the U.S. will be a Third World country in the near future.
I order extra copies of Immigration Watch to give out, trying to inform others what is happening to this country. If Americans are interested in preserving their freedom and Western civilization (the greatest ever), they had better wake up. You are to be commended for your great work.
R.D.
Baden, PA
Dear Editor:
You’re right. Immigration, legal and illegal, is out of control. Texas, California, Arizona and New Mexico are being changed beyond recognition by floods of Mexicans and Central Americans. It’s like a human tide. They have no skills and their level of familiarity with even basic forms of American life is a minimal.
Cynically, Mexico encourages this flood of humanity as a “safety valve,” without which there would no doubt be another Mexican revolution. But if Mexico needs another revolution, they should have it. They should have the opportunity to address their problems and take the means to correct them.
Displacing Mexico’s problem to the U.S. distorts and perverts the character of both the U.S. and Mexico. Here they become a new servant class, a peon class of low-wage menials. It’s un-American. We are becoming addicted to a servant and laboring class.
It is corrosive to the American soul to see herds of men on street comers selling their labor. They occupy a lower status than slaves. Slave owners, at least, were responsible for the well-being of their charges. These men are simply used, paid wretched wages, and tossed aside like human refuse. Many businesses are addicted to these slaves, just as the agricultural South was addicted to its slaves.
Businessmen who hire Mexicans say, “They do work Americans don’t want to do.” Does the sound of that make you feel queasy? Isn’t there a kind of creepy, “Let
the subhuman do this kind of work because it’s beneath us?” Is this what being an American is all about?
R.A.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
It’s no wonder we retired citizens get such a small cost of living increase each year, when older immigrants come here to receive SSI and Medicare—having never in their lives worked in the United States. Our educational standards are declining in some places because we seem to think we should hold our children back in order to accommodate less educated, non-English speaking students. We seem to be so busy protecting the rights of the “less advantaged” immigrant that our own citizens are being placed at a very real and distinct, not to mention costly, disadvantage.
Just the other day, I saw a senior East Indian woman try to cheat at the grocery store check-out counter with her food stamps! I’ve noticed that a great many, if not most, of them walk to the parking lot and get into a brand new automobile!
H.D.
Hayward, CA
Dear Editor:
I’m a physician and treat a lot of patients with musculo-skeletal conditions, especially injuries. Providence, Rhode Island, is a magnet area for Latin American immigrants, especially Dominican, Haitian, Guatemalan and Peruvian. At least half of our patients in our office are from these countries. The capper is that they often have injuries en masse such as five in a car. They do tend to travel this way which is certainly economical and energy efficient. Unfortunately, when they get into an accident, there are a lot of injuries.
After they do, why they just go to one of the many personal injury attorneys here who then send them to us and together, we all just work the system. It’s legitimate and even, at least usually, valid but nevertheless winds up costing everyone in form of higher auto insurance. I have little doubt, though, that these patients have poor driving habits or maybe just little experience driving under American conditions. If they’d had a decent amount of American driving experience, most of these accidents would have been avoided.
The real bummer is that insurance companies can’t use ethnicity to rate clients. That’s illegal because after all, it’s discriminatory, and we’d never want to be accused of bigotry, now would we? So just keep on paying those premiums to subsidize the horrible driving records of these people so that hundreds of physicians, chiropractors, attorneys and clients can exploit the system. Ah, God bless America.
T.B.
Providence, RI
October/November 2002
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 7
Immediately upon his ascent to the presidency, George W. Bush started pressuring Congress for an amnesty for three to five million illegal Mexicans. This was his not so-subtle effort to garner support from the Hispanic voting bloc.
Not to be outdone. Democrats, led by Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle, pandered to every foreign voting bloc by promising amnesty for all illegal aliens in the U.S.—a number conservatively estimated at more than 8 million illegals.
The leadership of both parties pushed for their particular amnesty despite the fact that a majority of Americans oppose all amnesties and favor reduced Vagal immigration. Fortunately, those amnesty efforts were temporarily put on hold after the attacks of 9/11.
But. not so fortunately, the amnesty plan which began in the Senate five and a half weeks prior to 9/11 has re-surfaced.
Last year when Utah’s Senator Orrin G. Hatch, ranking Republican member of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, introduced S.1291, which he called "the Dream Act,” he offered the following irrational justification:
“I rise today to introduce legislation aimed at benefiting a very special group of persons—illegal alien children who are long-term residents of the United States... By law, undocumented [i.e., illegal] alien children are entitled to a [taxpayer] subsidized education through high school. In fact, an estimated 50,000 to 70,000 such students graduate from high schools throughout the country each year. Many of these students are thereafter interested in bettering themselves...by securing higher education. Generally, admittance to college is not a problem. However, the cost of attending college and the lack of any mechanism by which undocumented [i.e., illegal] aliens [sic] students may obtain legal status in the United States prevent these children from having a meaningful opportunity to obtain a college degree....”
That existing law provides that “undocumented [i.e., illegal] alien children are entitled to a [taxpayer] subsidized education through high school” is proof enough that D.C. stands for District of Confusion!
But to make matters even worse, Hatch went on to propose: 1) an amnesty for 50,000 to 70,000 illegal alien minors; and 2) taxpayer funded college tuition for all illegal alien minors.
As we write this article in early August, Hatch’s nightmare legislation S.1291—his so called “Dream Act”—is being pushed through the Senate; and Chris Cannon (R-UT) has introduced a companion bill (H.R. 1918) in the House of Representatives.
Hatch and Cannon have shown no fear that some of the illegal alien minors might be terrorists-in-waiting as was Wadih el Hage who came here on a student visa.
Hatch, Cannon, and their fellow co-sponsors of S.1291 and H.R. 1918 have shown no concern that their latest amnesty once again would reward lawbreakers and encourages more aliens to come to America illegally.
Hatch, Cannon, and their colleagues seem oblivious to the obvious: “Federal benefits are a powerful magnet drawing illegal immigrants into our country.” (From a July 25, 1997 letter written by Senator Phil Gramm (R-TX) to AIC).
It is painfully apparent that Hatch, Cannon and many of their colleagues have no concern for the hardworking U.S. taxpayers who will be forced to underwrite the college tuition costs—costs that could easily reach $500 million to $1 billion—for these 50,000-70,000 illegal alien minors.
Hatch, Cannon and their colleagues have no concern for the safety of America and the pocketbooks of American taxpayers.
How long will the American people tolerate those senators and congressmen who undermine our nation’s security, safety and survival?
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465