October/November 2004
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
AIC Completes Radio Ad Campaign
AIC, along with other national immigration reform groups, recently completed radio advertising campaigns in Texas and Arizona to encourage citizens to oppose legislation to give amnesty (legal residence) to illegal aliens.
The ads pointed out that amnesty encourages more foreigners to break our laws in hope of obtaining future amnesties. Their arrival, the ads noted, will increase competition for American workers and depress wages. At the same time illegal immigration will make significant demands on taxpayers.
The goal of the campaign was to increase opposition to amnesty legislation which Congress is likely to consider next year. Amnesty has little public support, but congressmen are trying to push it anyway by giving it other names such as “earned legalization."
Also, in conjunction with the other groups, AIC advertised on radio for the PAN initiative in Arizona to cut certain benefits to illegal aliens.
Marchers in New York City demand amnesty for illegal aliens.
AIC Polls Members and Supporters
AIC has surveyed members and supporters to ask their views on specific topics related to immigration, including the issuance of driver’s licenses to illegal aliens, amnesty and deployment of military forces to assist the Border Patrol. The results, summarized below, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
Driver's Licenses
1.	Do you believe states should issue driver’s licenses to illegal aliens, despite the fact they broke federal laws to enter our country? Yes, one percent; No, 99 percent; Undecided, zero percent.
2.	Do you support Rep. Tom Tancredo’s bill, H.R. 3052—a bill which would deny states a portion of their
In This Issue	
Editor’s View .....					........ Page 2
Immigration News Briefs						Page 3
Washington Report										 Page 0
Letters to the Editor....................................		Page 7
highway funding if they give driver’s licenses to illegal aliens? Yes, 94 percent; No, three percent; Undecided, three percent.
3.	Do you believe illegal aliens residing here in violation of federal law should have the same rights as American citizens? Yes, zero percent; No, 99 percent; Undecided, one percent.
4.	Do you think that our country should continue to grant rights to illegal aliens, ultimately including amnesty? Yes, zero percent; No, 98 percent; Undecided, two percent.
Military Deployment
1.	How important is it to you that we protect America's borders against the onslaught of hundreds of thousands of foreigners entering our country each year? Very Important, 98 percent; Not Important, zero percent; Moderately Important, two percent; Undecided, zero percent.
Continued on Page 5
Editor’s View
Stop Illegal Alien
Illegal aliens are taking over American neighborhoods one by one, and indeed entire communities. The pace is increasing, and it’s not just in border states and around big cities. Towns like Lexington, Nebraska, and Siler City, North Carolina, in a few short years have become partial colonies of Mexico.
The process keeps repeating itself in a predictable fashion. Illegals show up and take low wage jobs and win praise for being “hard workers.” Generally they are well-mannered and pleasant. But more and more come in, and things change. As a deputy sheriff in North Carolina told an AIC supporter, “They’re humble to begin with, but when the numbers increase they get an attitude.”
As their numbers grow, illegals push into neighborhoods. Often several families, in violation of health and fire codes, will live together in a single house. Quite commonly they make life unpleasant for their American neighbors, with such activities as playing loud music at night and aggressive loitering. Soon Americans move out and more illegal foreigners move in. Also, as time goes on, illegal workers begin to leave jobs that Americans allegedly won’t do and begin competing for more desirable work.
The labor of illegals may help some businesses, but the rest of the community has to pick up the tab for education, health care and other public services these foreigners enjoy. Among the other costs is crime. Drug trafficking and gang activity nearly always follow the growth of illegal alien communities.
In spite of these problems, many “Americans” welcome the illegals. Aside from the already noted business interests, they get red carpet treatment from social service providers, do-gooder church groups, politicians eyeing them as potential voters, and well-funded ethnic advocacy groups looking for more clout in numbers. Often the local media welcome them too, for the sake of political correctness and to please advertisers who profit from their labor. In many cases, the media have cast as villains those citizens who have protested the takeovers of their communities.
As long as the federal government refuses to do its duty to control illegal immigration, American towns and cities everywhere will remain at risk.
Immigration Watch is published by Americans lor Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
Colonization
Nevertheless, citizens can do some things to protect their communities.
The most essential principle is to work within the law. Those who would fight lawbreaking with violence and other illegal behavior undercut the legitimacy and justice of their cause. To win the hearts and minds of one’s fellow citizens,	by John C.	Vinson
immigration reformers	Editor
stress education,
particularly of community leaders. Go to your mayor, council members, county commissioners and other elected officials and make them aware of illegal immigration and its consequences. Also inform non-elected community leaders such as key businessmen, editors and ministers.
In terms of direct action, encourage employers not to hire illegal aliens. Inform them that it is against the law. If you are an employer, and suspected illegals apply for work, ask for- documentation. Also participate in the new federal program that allows employers to check the validity of the Social Security number given by a job applicant.
Concerned citizens should express disapproval of people who hire illegals. If they suspect that this activity is going on, they should call the national hotline number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, 1-866-DHS-2ICE. If enough people call in, it might prompt authorities to take more aggressive action.
Furthermore, citizens should encourage enforcement of the local laws commonly broken by
Continued on Page 5
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$3.00 for 10 copies $6.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC ' PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard Visit our website at: www.immigrationcontrol.coin
Page 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
October/November 2004
OH.: ANPPoD'T k FORGET- / (VMT N mjnoRF SKIU&P mikjDfiB&i WOttf'ens W/^x^sbf ilot.
Fep. OoePAiDOFF Politician I
soi HAve your ww, m PAIPOFP, THPT m NEED MILLIONS OF MORF FUBHS7 ^
pH yf/tf.
M& PROPAGAKOA CRANKED OUT FAVORING IftinvORAVON.
o.k..„mp Thanks again R>r Your
G&OEROUS RFOFNT CONTPI&UTION? TO TH6 FOUNDATION
Foundation
wiu comm, Ph-o.
Immigration Party Line
nkp lots Of cheap, unskilled1
- so Keep the- borper wipe
FOR Alt TH05e ILLEGAL. ALIENS/
Y&S SIR, MR. PORKER - ANP THANKS FOR THe PAC CbNATIONS AMP HONORARIUM YOU <3AVie ME WHEN YOU PAlPMY WAY TO THAT PAlM &ACH GOLF VACATION'
t
Immigration News Briefs
... 18 a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
THE CENSUS BUREAU recently announced that whites are no longer the majority group in Texas. Immigration, legal and illegal, was the major reason for this demographic shift.
migration—both sources of predominantly Hispanic growth.” The station also reported, “Luis Figueroa with the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund says the future of Latinos is the fliture of Texas, as the population numbers say.”
Continued on Page 5 Page 3
Summarizing the Bureau’s announcement, KLTV in Houston, said, “Most of the Texas population explosion since 2000 has come from births and international im-
IMMIGRATION WATCH
October/November Z004
Illegal Immigration Spreads
by Mark Johnson
1 went on a tour of the Midwest to gather information on how illegal immigration is impacting areas outside the border states. My route covered towns and cities in Kansas, Nebraska and Iowa. Many Americans assume that these areas in the heartland, far removed from the Mexican border, have few problems with illegal immigration. They are quite mistaken. The problem is significant and getting worse. I saw it firsthand.
My first stop was in the Kansas City area. Spanishspeaking foreigners were everywhere. One thing that made an impression on me, and showed the trend underway. was a long wall covered with Mexican graffiti, Aztec images and Mexican flags. It’s almost as if these newcomers are staking a claim.
Also 1 saw a sign advertising “labor.” I looked where the arrow on the sign pointed and saw a group of probable illegals soliciting day jobs. It’s a scene I’ve seen all over the country where illegals settle. Americans hire them and often pay in cash to avoid taxes.
This is a good deal for the people who hire, but no good deal at all for law-abiding citizens who want to do the same jobs. Taxpayers are losers too, not only from the unpaid taxes, but for the costs of illegals’ health care and other benefits they get here.
As a Spanish speaker, he often listens to illegals having conversations. He said they laugh a lot about how they get better services in this country than the ‘gringos’ do.
My next stop was Grand Island, Nebraska. It too had a large illegal alien presence. Before going there I had made appointments to interview several citizens. But when I went to see a couple, they refused to talk. It wasn’t that they disagreed with me.
One said, “This is a real problem, but there’s nothing we can do about it, so let’s forget it.” Fear seemed to grip this man, as if saying something “politically incorrect” would bring some terrible fate down on his head. I thought to myself, “Where am I? Is this America, or Stalin’s Russia?”
A very pleasant exception to this fearfulness was a U.S. citizen of Mexican descent who had no problem expressing his opposition to illegal immigration. He said that he had to leave Los Angeles to get away from it, but now it had followed him to Nebraska.
As a Spanish speaker, he often listens to illegals having conversations. He said they laugh a lot about how they get better services in this country than the “gringos” do.
While in Iowa, I passed through Storm Lake, a city known for its large population of legal and illegal immi-
A sign of the times in South Omaha. ‘La Raza’ in Spanish means ‘The Race.’
grants. While I was there, though, I did not see as much of the foreign presence as I did elsewhere. I struck up a few conversations about the situation, and I could sense an underlying uneasiness.
On arrival in Omaha, Nebraska, I was unpleasantly surprised to see that South Omaha was even more Mexicanized than it was several years ago when I visited the city. On that trip I saw a sign on the storefront of the “Chicano Awareness Center” featuring a Mexican flag design with the caption, “Our roots grow deeper ... stronger.”
While driving through South Omaha this time, I took a picture of a store. Shortly after that a Latino man pulled alongside me and yelled out, ‘Why are you taking pictures?” I replied , “This is America, and I’ll take pictures where I want to take them.”
Some time later I saw a flyer at a local college advertizing a lecture about “Aztlan.” That is the name Hispanic radicals use to refer to our southwestern states. They believe that Aztlan really belongs to Mexico, and should break away from the United States. I called the number on the flyer and asked the man who answered if the U.S. should give up the Southwest. He replied, “I believe in open borders.”
It would be comforting to think that ideas such as Aztlan are pure fantasy. Perhaps they were no more than 15 years ago. Now we can’t be too sure, especially with what is happening not just in the Southwest, but just about everywhere in our country.
One of my friends who lives in Omaha said that the growing numbers of illegals in Nebraska will change the character of the state. As long as our borders remain wide-open borders, just about any state or city in America is at risk.
Mark Johnson is an immigration reform activist who has written extensively on the impact of mass immigra-tion on American communities.
P$g£ 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
October/Novcmber 2004
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. By 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of 500,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 404 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
NCWS Briefs—Continued from Page 3
THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC reports that business, labor and Hispanic leaders aim to defeat the Protect Arizona Now (PAN) initiative by “[spending] $1 million to $2 million on an advertising blitz ... on radio and television.”
If enacted into law, PAN would require Arizonans to show proof of citizenship in order to register to vote. Voters would have to show a valid identification at polling places.
It also would require local and state employers to deny certain benefits to illegal aliens. Those employers would be required by law to report attempts by illegal aliens to obtain benefits.
Several immigration restriction groups, including Americans for Immigration Control, did a radio advertisement for PAN. It stated that illegal immigration cost Arizona taxpayers $1.3 billion a year.
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO), reported Agape Press, was asked if he thought a terrorist attack on Congress would prompt effective border control.
He replied that even a calamity of that degree would not move some prominent members of government, because they are totally committed to a borderless world.
They are not, said Tancredo, “encumbered with things like nation-states, loyalties and patriotism ...”
AIC Survey—Continued from Page 1
2.	With some 9 million illegal aliens hiding out in our country, and as many as 500,000 more arriving each year, should Congress make stopping illegal immigration a top budget priority? Yes, 99 percent; No, zero percent; Undecided, one percent.
3.	Do you agree that our illegal immigration crisis justifies the assignment of military troops to help pro-
Colonization—
illegal residents, including housing codes and requirements to have driver’s licenses and auto insurance. Foreigners need to learn that in America no one is above the law, not even an illegal alien.
Beware of outsiders who meddle on behalf of illegals. A particular one to spot these days is a representative of a Mexican consulate who comes to your community to promote acceptance of the matricula consular card. No one has need of this ID card except Mexican illegals. The Mexican government encourages local governments and banks
tect and secure our borders? Yes, 95 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, four percent.
4.	Do you want your U.S. Representative to support H.R. 277, which authorizes the Secretary of Defense to assign American troops to help U.S. Border Patrol agents stop the flood of illegal aliens at our border? Yes, 96 percent; No, two percent; Undecided, two percent.
in this country to accept this card as a valid ID to make it easier for Mexican illegals to remain here. Spare no effort to protest the matricula.
It is unfortunate that Americans who protect their communities will almost certainly face criticism, usually to the effect that they lack “compassion.” In reality they have much compassion. It manifests in their civic concern, tempered with the wisdom that lawlessness leads to anarchy and the betterment of no one.
Continued from Page 2
October/November 2004
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Washington Report
Importing an Islamic Threat
On an April evening in Slough, England, a militant Muslim leader. Sheik Omar Bakri Mohammad, mesmerized a youthful crowd comprised of children born to parents who had emigrated from Pakistan after World War II. Although raised in Britain, these young people have now turned against their homeland. They would like to see the Islamic flag flying from 10 Downing Street, and they despise Prime Minister Tony Blair, whom they would like to see dead or deposed.
At that hate rally, Sheik Omar proclaimed his loyalty to Osama bin Laden and warned that if Europe failed to accept bin Laden’s offer of a truce for withdrawing all foreign troops from Iraq within three months, Muslims would be free to attack the Western countries that had supplied the troops.
The month before that warning, Spain had already been attacked by Muslim terrorists—an attack which directly affected the outcome of the Spanish elections. Subsequent threats against Philippine workers in Iraq also resulted in capitulation to Muslim terrorist demands.
Through his openly seditious rabble rousing, Sheik Omar has revealed a key militant Muslim strategy which the West blindly ignores as it repeatedly states that Islam is a ‘peaceful religion.*
Through his openly seditious rabble rousing, Sheik Omar has revealed a key militant Muslim strategy which the West blindly ignores as it repeatedly states that Islam is a “peaceful religion.” Whenever Sheik Omar proclaims his support for Osama bin Laden, he also declares, “All Muslims of the West will be obliged to become his [bin Laden’s] sword” in a new battle.
The West should listen because, he warned, “It is foolish to fight people [Muslims] who want death— that is what they are looking for."
In Iraq, Sheik Omar’s strategy is being violently implemented.
Iraqi Muslims who cooperate with the West’s troops and/or the new secular Iraqi government are kidnapped and forced to apologize before being beheaded. These bloody scenes are videotaped and repeatedly played on Arab television, sending a violent threat to ordinary Iraqis that they will meet the same fate unless they join forces with the Muslim terrorists.
In a BBC interview, Britain’s home secretary David Blunkett advocated a stronger deportation policy for suspected terrorists and militant Muslim clerics who
have preached violence and martyrdom. Blunkett wants Abu Hamza, the Islamic cleric who tutored Richard Reid before he tried to blow up a Paris-to-Miami jetliner with explosives hidden in his shoe, stripped of his citizenship and deported.
In the United States,
Muslim militants try to keep a low profile and often appear to be peaceful. Ismael Selim Elbarasse, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Palestine, lives the comfortable life with his family in Northern Virginia. On Friday, August 20, three police officers noticed Mrs.
Elbarasse, with her husband, videotaping the structural parts of the 4.3-mile-long Chesapeake Bay Bridge as they and two of their daughters were driving across. The officers reported the incident as suspicious because she immediately lowered the camera out-of-sight when she saw their marked police car. The car was stopped and searched by authorities who entered Mr. Elbarasse’s name into the computer terrorist watch list which revealed that Elbarasse had, that very day, been named as an un-indicted co-conspirator in a federal case in Chicago involving the laundering of almost a million dollars for the Palestinian group, Hamas. (The case involves a 15-year racketeering conspiracy in the U.S. and abroad to illegally finance Hamas terrorist activities in Israel.) Elbarasse was then taken into custody and held in Baltimore as a “material witness” in the Chicago case. After ten days, he was released on a one million dollar bond secured by the homes of several friends. His lawyer, Stanley L. Cohen of New York City, guaranteed that Elbarasse would show up in Chicago for the trial of the co-conspirator.
In 1998 when Elbarasse worked as an accountant for the Islamic Saudi Academy (ISA) in Alexandria, Virginia, he refused to cooperate with a federal investigation into Hamas finances and was sentenced to six months in prison. The Baltimore Sun reported on August 25, 2004, that “within the past three years former students of the school have been accused of terrorism-related acts including planning a suicide bombing in Israel and joining and plotting with the al-Qaida terrorist network.”
Continued on Page S
by Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
Peg* 6
IMMIGRATION WATCII
October/November 2004
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
My fellow “extremists” and I are spreading the truth about America's immigration disaster. We take articles that expose what's happening, have thousands of copies printed, and distribute them to local citizens. One was the editorial from Immigration Watch (Dec. 03/Jan 04), “Mexico Pushing Matricula Cards.”
We have given the copies out free to passers-by, six mornings a week, at a hiring center for illegal aliens. To give our “constituents” variety and keep them looking for something new, we alternate the material frequently. It works! Interest is growing, and positive responses, i.e.. a thumbs-up, a honk, wave, or headlight-flash, are increasing steadily.
Thank you for the good work you do. AIC’s efforts are not in vain, and you are not a lone voice crying in the wilderness.
R.B.
Copiague, NY
Dear Editor:
Two years ago I was driving up to an intersection with a green light in my favor. Suddenly a car pulled across the intersection right in front of me. After I ran into the car, I got out to see if the driver was hurt. When I told her I was going to call for help, she pleaded with me not to call the police.
It turned out that she did not have a driver’s license. When we got to court, it turned out that she was an illegal alien. I also found out that she was working off the books. In spite of this, she is still here and in the process of applying for legal residence. And now the insurance company is offering her a settlement because it would cost too much to bring the case to trial.
After this experience I’m really wondering, does it pay to do the right thing in this country anymore?
J.H.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I appreciate all that AIC is doing in bringing the issue of immigration reform out in the open. As a resident of New Jersey living outside of Philadelphia, I get the true picture on how we are losing our American culture under the guise of “diversity.” Everywhere you go in the Delaware Valley there are Hispanics and Asians speaking their native languages in public places as well as in the workplace. There are an estimated 250,000 illegal aliens living in New Jersey.
I agree with you that we must contact political leaders and let them know what we think. It is truly disgusting to watch so many politicians pander to ethnic voting blocs. About forty years ago, an American president made the memorable statement, "My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.” Today, the immigration
OcUiber/Novcmber 2004
lobbies demand of candidates, “What are you going to do for us.” Too often they reply in the politically correct fashion.
Again, I appreciate all that AIC is doing to make Americans aware of the need for immigration control.
R.A.
Maple Shade, NJ
Dear Editor:
I am a construction worker and small-time contractor in Austin, Texas. Since I started to support myself in the late 1980s, I have found it impossible to compete on a level playing field. As an honest citizen I have found there is no way to compete against non tax-paying and non insurance-paying illegal aliens.
At the same time these people are allowed to get social services, and Washington politicians are proposing to let illegal aliens get in-state tuition. These politicians are doing nothing more than selling out hard-working legal citizens for the so-called “Hispanic vote.”
G.H.
Austin, TX
Dear Editor:
I am glad there is someone else who cares about our country. I’m a Mexican-American living here in California, and I am very upset with President Bush’s support of immigration outside the law.
I have a neighbor who has people living in garages. These people do not report the money they make. Many of them get welfare.
They like dog fighting and rooster fighting. Sometimes they park their cars so we can’t get out of our driveways. Drugs and gangs are some other things they do. I am very upset at the city government and the police for not doing anything about this.
R.G.
Fillmore, CA
Dear Editor:
I worked in an immigration law office for nine years. Most of the time it was the most difficult job I had ever done.
I had a very difficult time doing papers for an American company to “import” a foreign worker. The company would advertise the job for a few days, and then tell the INS that there were “no qualified American workers to take the job.” I found most of the Middle Easterners we dealt with to be arrogant, pushy and demanding, acting as if we owed them! This made me extremely angry. At the same time I had a couple of sons who were hard-pressed to find a job making any decent money.
Now that I am collecting Social Security, I can barely get by. Yet people who come to this country are handed
Continued on Page 8
Page 7
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Letters —Continued from Page 7
everything—housing, welfare—everything! I’ve seen them bring over their families and put their parents on SSI. Why don’t we treat our own citizens so well?
I think our borders should be closed, and we should deport illegal aliens and a great number of visa holders as well. My former employer says, “But these poor people would suffer terribly if they were deported. Think of how their lives would be disrupted.” I say “tough.” Think of how millions of true Americans’ lives have been disrupted because of these foreigners. I am sick to death of going to a store and hearing foreign languages being spoken and seeing people in “different” types of clothing.
I am sick to death of these people coming in and taking our jobs, taking control of our companies, taking our money, and taking over our educational systems. If I wanted to hear foreign languages being spoken or see different cultures around me, I would travel to a different country. It’s time we stand up for ourselves.
T.J.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
In a back issue of Immigration Watch, I noticed an article about how we should inform our friends of what is going on in this country with respect to immigration. This is an excellent idea. We need to get around the biased media and spread the truth.
One fairly easy way to do this is using e-mail. I have eight or nine friends I exchange e-mail with. They in turn have eight or nine other friends they exchange e-mail with. One message could go to many people in a short time.
For this to be effective, the messages would have to be short, well researched and very accurate. I believe that Immigration Watch would be a good source of material.
H.S.
Sun City West, AZ
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Threat—Continued from Page 6
According to The Sun, the Academy’s first grade textbook teaches that “[A] 11 religions other than Islam, are false.” One former student, Mohammed Asman Idris, stated in court that anti-Americanism was prominent at the school after the 9-11 terrorist attacks and that some of the students considered the attacks to be acceptable retaliation for U.S. treatment of the Muslim world. (The above situation is one more example which validates AIC’s position that America’s legal immigration policy needs to be more restrictive and selective!)
In 1938, the brilliant English writer and historian Hilaire Belloc wrote about the early history of Islam and its attacks on Europe. He concluded with this question: “Will not perhaps the temporal power of Islam return and with it the menace of an armed Mohammedan world which will shake off the domination of Europeans—still nominally Christian— and reappear again as the enemy of our civilization?”
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465