December 2004/January 2005
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Idaho Senator Pushes AgJobs Amnesty
The AgJobs bill (S. 1645), which would grant legal residence (amnesty) to three million illegal alien farmworkers, has stalled in the Senate. Sen. Larry Craig (R-ID) who introduced the legislation along with Sen. Edward Kennedy (D-MA), declared on the Senate floor that he will not stop trying to pass AgJobs.
Sen. Craig praised illegal farmworkers saying, “By their presence, they better us. They make our lives
better---” He maintained that his proposal is necessary
because “the growing shortage of legal farmworkers is impossible to dispute.”
Critics of the plan counter that illegal immigration is itself the source of the problem in agriculture. James Edwards of the Hudson Institute observed, “A million illegal aliens entering the United States flood the unskilled labor market and have depressed farm wages terribly. With readily available cheap foreign labor, agriculture lacks a market incentive to raise wages and improve benefits, much less to invest in innovation and mechanization.”
While some politicians push amnesty for illegal aliens, Americans protest rewards for lawbreakers.
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
AIC ha6 surveyed members and supporters to ask their views on topics related to illegal immigration, and the Social Security agreement with Mexico. The results, summarized below, have been sent to the news media and members of Congress.
Illegal Immigration
1)	Do you believe that current proposals for an amnesty program will encourage more illegal immigration, similar to what happened following the 1986 Amnesty Act? Yes, 97 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, two percent.
In This Issue	
Editor’s View									Page 2
Immigration News Briefs		......... Page 3
Washington Report			Page 6
Letters to the Editor								Page 7
2)	Do you believe that foreigners who enter our country illegally, use false Social Security cards to obtain employment, and receive free health care and education should have the same rights as American citizens? Yes, nine percent; No, 90 percent; Undecided, one percent.
3)	Since studies show stagnant and declining wage levels for native-born American workers during the high immigration 1980s and 1990s, are you concerned that amnesty programs will cause wages to drop again? Yes, 91 percent; No, one percent; Undecided, eight percent.
Social Security
1)	I believe Congress should reject the new Social Security agreement with Mexico that will send U.S. Social Security benefits to Mexican citizens. Yes, 100 percent; No, zero percent.
2)	1 want my representative in the U.S. House to vote for H.R. 1631—a bill to prevent illegal alien workers from receiving Social Security benefits. Yes, 99 percent; No, one percent.
Editor’s View
Representative Government Is Down, Not Out
Has our country become a “plutocracy democracy?” Under this arrangement, plutocrats (wealthy elites) permit elections while setting strict limits—with a managed two-party system—on how much voters can really change things. Americans who believe that this fate has befallen our country might point to the 2004 presidential election as proof of their claim.
Certainly, they have a point, particularly as both candidates agreed to support mass immigration in defiance of the wishes of most Americans, and beyond that, basically refused to discuss the issue at all. More than a few immigration reformers feel discouraged by this arrogant indifference to popular concern. And the discouragement is by no means limited to them. Americans of many persuasions feel disenfranchised by elitist politics-as-usual.
Is representative government truly dead? Before we announce a funeral, we might recall when a newspaper mistakenly published an obituary of Mark Twain. Upon reading it, Twain declared, “Reports of my demise are premature.” The same may be said about government of the people. Weakened, yes—but far from dead.
As evidence on the immigration front, consider the recent action of the House of Representatives on H.R. 10. This anti-terrorist legislation, inspired by recommendations of the 9/11 Commission, contained many provisions long sought by immigration reformers. These included substantial increases in manpower for the Border Patrol and interior enforcement of immigration law, improved standards for identification, and expedited deportation of illegal aliens.
Including these measures was no easy task. The Bush administration, reported The Washington Times, informed House Republican leaders that it didn’t want the immigration provisions attached to the H.R. 10 package of legislation. In a presidential election year, House leaders of the president’s party usually will heed the wishes of the White House. But not this time. Politely yet firmly, the GOP House leaders said no to the administration. Immediately following that stand, the House Republicans beat back attempts by Democrats to strip the immigration measures.
What has stiffened the spines of these Republicans?
Immigration Watch Is published by Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24485. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints In Its publications Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch Is the largest circulation Immigration publication in the nation.
by John C. Vinson Editor
Without a doubt, a large factor has been the outpouring of letters, phone calls and in-person contact from constituents demanding immigration reform. At a meeting of GOP House members shortly after President Bush proposed amnesty for illegals last January, the members forcefully opposed the plan to party leaders. A number cited the strong opposition in their districts.
For years AIC and other immigration reform groups have urged members to pressure Congress. Now it is beginning to pay off—at least in one party. In time more Democrats may start taking notice, especially if they start losing elections. The Founding Fathers designed the House as the governing body closest to the people. Ibday, however imperfectly, it still performs this role.
Perhaps in time there will be hope for the Senate and even the presidency. As this issue of Immigration Watch goes to press, the House is negotiating with the Senate over the immigration provisions. The Senate version of the anti-terrorist legislation did not include those provisions.
Maybe the conference committee talks between House and Senate will keep them, maybe not. In any case, the movement of the House isn’t something that the ruling powers can easily ignore.
Representative government will live as long as Americans have the grit and determination to keep it alive. Plutocracy democracy is not immune to challenge.
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$3.00 for 10 copies $6.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC * PO Box 738 * Monterey, VA 24465 Phone: 540-468-2023 Website: www lmmigratloncontrol.com

VVOUIP YOU WANT TO LIVE IN A HOUSE WITHOUT DOORS?
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
MEXICAN PRESIDENT VICENTE FOX promised to defend the matricula consular card, following moves by the U.S. House to limit its acceptance as identification in the United States. Fox’s government distributes the matricula to its citizens in this country, virtually all of whom are presumed illegal aliens.
Mexicans legally traveling or residing in the United States receive appropriate papers and have no need of the matricula.
Said the Mexican leader, “The matricula consular cards are again being questioned, but we will defend them with a cape and a sword, because our countrymen who live up there are neither criminals nor terrorists.” In response to Fox’s comment, Bob Goldsborough, President of Americans for Immigration Control, replied, “Apparently he doesn’t think that breaking American immigration laws is a crime.1*
CLAUD ANDERSON, A WRITER AND EDUCATOR who advocates black empowerment through entrepreneurship, has criticized immigration as harmful to poor black Americans. He served in the administra-
tions of Florida Gov. Reubin Askew and President Jimmy Carter.
As summarized by the Detroit Free Press, Anderson believes that “immigrants from Mexico, Asia and the Middle East are taking away resources, jobs and other opportunities [from blacks].” He noted that immigrants increasingly take advantage of affirmative action programs at the expense of black Americans, the intended beneficiaries of those programs. “Immigration has had a negative impact on black folks,” said Anderson, “and nobody wants to talk about it.”
THE TIMES OF INDIA REPORTED that the U.S. Congress may consider increasing the number of visas granted to Indians and other foreigners to take high-tech jobs in America. Congenial to Indian goals in Congress is the 186-member House India Caucus. The stated aim of the caucus is the “facilitation of trade and commerce with India . . . visas, . . . and the promotion of Indian culture in the United States.1* Caucus members
Continued on Page 5
December 2004/January 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of 500,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its present rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
Immigrants9 Countries Close Their Doors
Americans are a generous people, sometimes to a fault. Some believe that we are obligated to accept everyone from every country who wants to come here. They believe that fairness demands no less. They might consider, however, that fairness is a two-way street. Thus, they also might consider the immigration policies of some of the countries sending us the most immigrants. Among them are Mexico, China, the Philippines, India and South Korea.
When Peter Brimelow was writing his book, Alien Nation, he had a researcher call the embassies of these countries and ask what their policies would be on admitting immigrants from the United States. The answers, reported in Alien Nation, were most revealing.
Mexico: “Unless you are hired by a Mexican company that obtains a temporary work permit, or are a retiree older than sixty-five who can prove financial self-sufficiency, you must get a six month tourist visa and apply in person to the Ministry of the Interior in Mexico City. If your visa expires before the process is completed, you must get a new visa and begin again.”
Comment: At the time of that statement, Mexico admitted only 25,000 immigrants a year. The total for the United States was around 900,000. If we had been as generous as Mexico, in relation to our respective populations, we would have limited immigration to 70,000.
Some might say a poor country like Mexico has no obligation to take immigrants, but poverty is relative. According to some estimates, as many as a billion people in the world are more impoverished than the average Mexican. Mexico could offer them the “better life” that she so often demands that America provide Mexicans.
China: “China does not accept any immigrants. We have a large enough population. A foreigner can visit on a tourist visa that can be extended up to six months. Then you must leave”
Comment: China has decided that her population is
sufficient. Is there anything wrong with our country making the same decision now and avoiding the population stresses that China currently faces? Many places in our country where immigrants tend to settle are as densely populated as the densely-populated areas of China.
Philippines: [You need to be married to a Philipino or have capital to invest.] Otherwise: “Put your request in writing and mail it to the Immigration Department in Manila.”
India: “Are you of Indian origin?” [No] [Asked if important.] “Yes. . . . Since you are not of Indian origin, while it is not impossible for you to immigrate to India, it is a very difficult, very complex, and very, very long process. ”
South Korea: “Korea does not accept immigrants.”
What You Can Do ...
Some AIC supporters ask, “What can we do about out-of-control immigration?” At the very least, write and call your congresman and senators on a regular basis. You can reach their Washington offices at (202) 224-3121.
Amnesty for illegal aliens will be a big issue this year. Inform your representative and senators that you oppose legalization of illegal aliens in any shape or form. Specifically, tell them to oppose the AgJobs legislation, S.1645 in the Senate and H.R. 3142 in the House. (See page one of this issue.)
On legal immigration, urge cuts—particularly of the “visa lottery”—the program that allows immigrants to come here purely on the basis of their luck in winning a lottery selection. The House bill to eliminate this program is H.K. 775.
Page 4
Colin Powell Proposes More Refugees
By Phil Kent
One would think that, in the aftermath of the Sept. 11,2001. Islamic terrorist attacks, the refugee flow into our nation from the Third World would have been virtually eliminated. Well, it did slow dramatically for two years -but now the U.S. State Department has climbed back on the open borders bandwagon.
U.S. law defines a refugee as someone with a fear of persecution based on race, religion, nationality, political opinion or membership in a group, such as a social or ethnic group. Such “persecution” is on the increase, Secretary of State Colin Powell recently told the Atlanta Press Club, so more refugees will arrive. “We marry them up with private organizations, with churches and temples and synagogues, with Americans who are willing to reach out and help_We still want people here.”
For several years before 2001, the U.S. admitted 68,500 to 95,500 refugees annually. It accepted just 27,000 in the two years following the Sept. 11 attacks. Now Powell says 52,000 refugees have been admitted in the budget year that ended on Sept. 30.
Africans account for about 25,000 of the 52,000 refugees just admitted, compared with 6,000 seven years ago. They include thousands of Somali Bantus, a group attacked by other Somali clans in the early 1990s and who fled to refugee camps in neighboring countries. Thousands more refugees are coming from Liberia and the Sudan.
Why must the soft-headed State Department and federal Office of Refugee Resettlement continue pushing to resettle primitive peoples—a gross disservice to both them and the dozens of U.S. urban areas being impacted?
The Bantus, for example, don’t know any English. But beyond that they don’t comprehend how modern
appliances—ranging from washing machines to automobiles—operate. Their problems are graphically underscored by Sasha Chanoff, an International Organization for Migration official who told The Atlanta Constitution: “Do not assume they can open a door just because it has a doorknob.”
Atlanta, Georgia, is one of the cities where Bantus have been arbitrarily settled, and a Constitution reporter found that, even when some were given orientation sessions about how to utilize an apartment (subsidized by the U.S. taxpayer) they still asked: “But where do we build our camp fire?” In fact, Atlanta law enforcement officers tell me that apartment fires have become commonplace in that city and in over a dozen others where Third Worlders unfamiliar with modern ways try to cook and then start fires that often destroy entire apartment complexes and kill neighbors.
A candid U.S. refugee worker told The Constitution: “For a fraction of the money the U.S. will spend moving this tribe to America, (the African country of] Mozambique could have been persuaded to carry through on its promises [to resettle them]. But the U.S. refugee industry needs clients. So that option was never considered.”
Powell, in his Atlanta speech, said his department also decided to resettle several thousand penniless Hmong refugees from Laos who assisted U.S. forces
Continued on Page 8
News Briefs—Contined from Page 3
have enjoyed expense-paid trips to India, courtesy of Indian high-tech associations.
With Congress looking at visa increases, the Center for Urban Economic Development reported that U.S. high-tech workers are facing “chronic unemployment.” Despite the recovery from recession announced in November 2001, the U.S. economy since then, as calculated by the National Bureau of Economic research, has lost 200,000 high-tech jobs.
ROBERT SAMUELSON, BUSINESS WRITER FOR NEWSWEEK, observed that “the increase in poverty in recent decades stems mainly from immigration. Until our leaders acknowledge the connection between immigration and poverty, we’ll be hamstrung in dealing with either*
Citing U. S. Census figures, he noted poor Hispanics have increased by three million since 1990 and that the number of Hispanics lacking health insurance stands at 13 million, a 60 percent increase during the past 14 years. “To state the obvious,” said Samuelson, “not all Hispanics are immigrants, and not all immigrants are Hispanic. Still, there is no mystery here. If more poor and unskilled people enter the country ... there will be more poverty.” He added that 33 percent of all immigrants do not have a high school education, compared with 13 percent of native-born Americans.
Growing poverty caused by immigration, Samuelson warned, could lead to “mounting political and social problems.” One possibility is “a growing competition for government benefits between the poor and baby-boom retirees."
Page 5
Washington Report
Know Your Adversary
In our ongoing struggle to protect our borders, our language, our customs and our culture, AIC and its members need to know about organizations working not only to establish unlimited immigration but also to strengthen the political power of divisive ethnic immigrant groups who apparently do not want to assimilate and become part of mainstream America. Instead they want to substitute their language and customs and culture for America’s.
One of the most successful organizations working to promote a powerful racial voting bloc is the National Council of La Raza, popularly known simply as La Raza (i.e.. The Race). When Raul Yzaguirre, the current head of this Hispanic activist group took over thirty years ago. La Raza was operating on a $500,000 grant and focused its political activism on Hispanic demands in local urban areas.
As Yzaguirre built grassroots organizations to exercise political pressure, he also raised so much money that, today, La Raza has $90 million in assets, an annual working budget of $28 million, and a staff of 125. In a recent article, The New York Times describes La Raza as “one of the nation’s most prominent Hispanic-American advocacy organizations.”
That’s putting it mildly! When La Raza complains, the Democrat Party reacts!
As a matter of fact, La Raza has so much money that it has greatly expanded its grassroots organizing and branched into supporting economic development and housing programs. These programs have given La Raza more political clout and corporate support. Yzaguirre explained that, when he took over, La Raza’s primary problem “was that we did not have any institution or critical mass of talented and committed leaders at the local level. There was also no sense of corporate or political decision makers that our [Hispanic] community was important or worth talking to.** However, Yzaguirre, after raising a massively-funded war chest, can now make political and corporate demands which get results for his Hispanic ethnic-voting bloc. Of course, such politically powerful ethnically-hyphenated groups, whether Hispanic-American, Chinese-American,
Arab-American or whatever, become engines of divisiveness that nurture discontentment when the benefits of the Great American dream are not handed to them far the asking.
A warning of the late President Teddy Roosevelt comes to mind: “The one absolutely certain way of bringing this nation to ruin, or preventing all possibility of its continuing as a nation at all, would be to permit it to become a tangle of squabbling
nationalities.”
In early October, 2004,
Yzaguirre announced his intention to retire as head of this now very powerful political machine. As if to emphasize its power within the Democrat Party, La Raza’s new leader, Janet Murguia, was deputy manager of the Gore-Lieberman Democratic presidential campaign of 2000.
Tragically, for America, the political parties have become the tools of well-funded, hyphenated, racialist groups such as La Raza. The Democrats were first in succumbing to the ethnic pressure groups, which continue demanding that illegal aliens be legalized (as many as 12 million of them) and that the floodgates for legal immigration be opened wider. Now the leadership of the Republican Party has fallen for the threats and demands of “squabbling nationalities.”
La Raza has successfully leveraged its enormous stockpile of wealth into a political powerhouse which too often dictates our immigration policies.
AIC cannot begin to match La Raza’s $90 million war chest, but AIC can certainly increase its political clout and leverage with a million new members, American citizens who want nothing more than to preserve that which made America so great—our customs, our culture, our constitution, our language and our laws. I am asking each AIC member to help.
If each one of you will recruit four new members in the next four months, AIC will have a million new members by springtime.
America is worth saving, so make this your special goal for the survival of America: one new AIC member a month!
To Become a Member of AIC
Send $15 to:
AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465
Name Address City, State, Zip
or you may use your Visa or MasterCard by calling our office at 540-468-2023
by Robert H. Goklsborougb President, AIC
Pag* 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
December 2004/January 2005
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
In my small Alabama town of about 60,000, you’d swear you were in Mexico City rather than on the banks of the Tennessee River. There have been Spanish-speak-ers here for at least 40 years, but they were professionals from Cuba, Chile, Spain and Argentina who believed it their obligation as naturalized citizens to assimilate. They never expected to have free everything, nor did they expect everything to be interpreted to Spanish for them. They became important figures in the community. They celebrated their native customs at home, but they also embraced American customs. Because these people were primarily of European descent, their way of life and their customs were not so different from that of American-born people in our once quaint southern town.
Now, we are suffering from an influx of unskilled, illiterate Mexicans and Guatemalans who will never fully assimilate into the American way of life. Their children are causing our schools to burst at the seams, with some schools having classrooms where more than 50 percent of the pupils are Hispanics.
Our hospitals cannot keep up with the cost of the bills as a result of these immigrants’ anchor babies being bom so the parents can stay as a result of the ridiculous birthright citizenship we allow to be granted. Area businesses knowingly hire people with fake papers, displacing American workers. The majority of immigrant women do not work, so they rely on social programs to help make ends meet. No matter what the liberals say, no one can convince me that what their husbands make at work equals what these families take in as far as social services. I could go on and on. I realize everyone was once from somewhere else, but one big difference between now and then is that, once they got here, immigrants were willing to work to earn the right to be American. And I don’t just mean in terms of physical labor.
C.C.	 —	•	r-
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
As a senior citizen of Latin-American descent, I would like to say that many people of my background are fed up with our politicians catering to the special interests of a few, in hope of getting Hispanic votes. We want what is best for America, because we love America as it is and want to keep it that way. We are against people who come to this country illegally. They should do what is right, like so many others have, and wait their turn for visas.
I was a Democrat for many years, but now I’m an independent voter with no party affiliation. What we need now is a new party which would put the interest of the majority of Americans first. Buch a party would stand up to vested interests; call for control of our borders with-
out fear of offending Mexico; advocate deportation of illegal aliens; and push for enforcement of laws against hiring of illegal aliens. Some might say this will be impossible, but I believe that time is coming. We’re all getting tired of politics-as-usual.
If we really need to import some labor, I suggest we set up a system of special visas to allow people to work, and then return to their countries. Require employers to provide them decent housing and take responsibility for these employees going back home. This would be fair to everyone.
A.M.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
As someone who has served in the military and traveled in numerous countries, I believe I have a very solid appreciation for diverse cultures. Finishing an undergraduate degree in sociology, I also have a basic understanding of the broad complexities of culture and society. With this foundation of understanding, I see our own American culture disintegrating, especially for white Americans. Being a white male from middle-class America, I am part of a much-maligned group in society, and I’m tired of it.
I appreciate the diverse cultures of the world ... in their respective environments. Anyone who claims that mass immigration is good for our country is a fool and has obviously not spent time with these immigrants they praise so much. I have, and the majority have no intention whatsoever of assimilating into American society or culture.
Living on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, we often see the migrant workers being shuttled from the tree nurseries to local towns and communities to shop at the stores. Now, within the past two years, I’m seeing more and more of them suddenly moving into our towns. They are replacing the mostly black residents in certain blocks and forming community pockets of their own. My town is a small one, approximately 4,000, but it has a long and rich history with lots of close ties to the surrounding communities and farmlands. These immigrants will create ghettos and spoil the special quality of life we have had. What can we do to stop this?
A.K.
Chestertown, MD
Editor’s Note: What you can do for starters is contact your elected officials. Educate your friends and family and have them contact political leaders from the city and county level up to Congress.
Dear Editor:
The European country of Hungary might be of interest to us. For more than a thousand years its bound-
Continued on Page 8
Page 7
December 2004/Jsnusry 2005
IMMIGRATION WATC H

during the Vietnam War. “Within three years their kids are going to be kicking soccer balls around,” Powell gushed. ‘They're going to be Hmong-Americans just like I'm .Jamaican-American. African-American, call them what vou will.”
Letters —Continued from Page 7
aries were much larger than they are today. Around 1700, illegal aliens from neighboring countries started moving in: Serbians from the south, Romanians from the east, and Ukranians from the north.
The rich Hungarians liked these illegal aliens, because they worked for much less money than the natives. They employed them in farming, mining and construction. They seemed to be very peaceful people, at least at first. But their behavior grew worse and worse from generation to generation, especially as more and more flooded in.
When their numbers became overwhelming in one locality, they did not want to speak Hungarian, but their own languages. They started to demand that all civic activities be conducted in their tongues. Eventually, they created countries within a country.
The descendants of the immigrants no longer wanted to work for low wages. Eventually all the advantages the non-Hungarians offered disappeared, but the problems they created grew enormous. After World War I, these peoples separated the territories where they settled from Hungary and joined their respective nations. Hungarians still hying in those areas became second-class citizens under their new governments. Hungary retained only about a third of its historic territory.
My fellow Americans, do you see any parallels today? An old proverb says, “A smart man learns from others’ mistakes.”
S.S.
Sunnyvale, CA
What an insight into the mind of a naive do-gooder.
Aside from this growing influx of refugees, keep in mind that one million legal immigrants enter our country annually and another million-plus illegally sneak in. And let’s face it—virtually any Third Worlder can claim some sort of “persecution” as grounds for being admitted. So can we really afford the expense and burden of allowing more and more of these “political” or “racial” refugees—virtually all uneducated and unskilled and all too many with criminal backgrounds—crowding into our nation’s over-populated urban areas?
There are too many hyphenated Americans already, Mr. Secretary. So when we Americans speak out—and our voices are growing louder—let’s not forget to remind our president, Congress and national opinion-makers that additional “persecuted” refugees are neither wanted or needed. The State Department should do what it used to do well: Negotiate with other Third World countries to take these people in.
Phil Kent is a media and political consultant.
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.)
5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1)	Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration
(2)	Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason
(3)	Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation
(4)	We re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration
(5)	Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465