April/May *QQ4
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
AIC Targets Job (Insourcing9
AIC has decided that the issue of jobs should be our foremost focus for at least the remainder of this year. Eight-and-a-half million Americans are out of work and millions more have either given up looking for work, or are underemployed.
At the same time, as many 1.4 million foreigners are legally and illegally settling in our country per year. Are we to believe that none of them are taking jobs that Americans want, or that they are not depressing wage levels?
Many Americans rightly express concern about the “outsourcing” of American jobs to foreign countries. At the same time, attention should turn to the “insourcing” of the domestic American job market through mass immigration. Outsourcing and insourcing have a common denominator: political and economic elites with more concern for power and profits than the wellbeing of their fellow citizens.
To make their voice heard, AIC members should concentrate their support on several key anti-insourcing bills.
The first is H.R. 3522, sponsored by Rep. Gresham Barrett (R-SC). It is comprehensive legislation to cut legal and illegal immigration.
Gresham’s measure, however, may take time to pass.
Illegal aliens and their supporters rally in New Jersey for foreign workers to hold American jobs.
As legislative stepping stones to this objective, AIC members also should support H.R. 775 which would cut legal immigration by 55,000 a year, and H.R. 2571 which would encourage local and state police to participate in immigration law enforcement. (For information on how to contact Congress, see page eight.)
AIC Surveys Members and Supporters
AIC recently conducted a survey of members and supporters on their views on topics related to immigration. The following is a summary of key findings of the survey. The results have been sent to the news media and to members of Congress.
1)	Nearly one million legal and as many as half-a-million illegal aliens are settling in the U.S. each year. How many immigrants do you feel we should legally admit each year? none, 45 percent; 300,000 or less, 53
In This Issue	
Editor's View				....... Page 2
Immigration News Briefs	„						...Page 3
Washington Report							Page 6
LasUmtu to the Editor	Page 7
percent; 500,000 to one million two percent; more than one million, zero percent.
2)	Do you believe that the United States can continue to absorb an unlimited number of immigrants without adversely affecting the economic and social fabric of your community? Yes, four percent; No, 94 percent; Uncertain, two percent.
3)	Immigrants are 50 percent more likely to get welfare benefits than native-born Americans. Does this level of tax-financed support of immigrants concern you? Yes, 98 percent; No, one percent; Uncertain, one percent.
4)	Have you noticed an increase of foreign languages spoken in your community? Yes, 83 percent; No, 13 percent; Uncertain, four percent.
Editor’s View
Hit the Streets, Immigration Reformers
Public protest is a fine old tradition of freedom-loving Americans. Such protest, not to be confused with violent mob action, is upheld specifically by the First Amendment guarantees of peaceful assembly and free speech. Throughout our history few reform movements have advanced without people taking to the streets to express their views and grievances.
Immigration reformers need to heed this lesson, and hit the streets and sidewalks. AIC in recent months has organized and participated in public demonstrations, and we have seen their value firsthand.
Polls show that most Americans share our views, but many are afraid to take a stand because they fear the name-calling and other bullying tactics of the “politically correct” minority.
Standing in public with like-minded citizens is a powerful antidote to intimidation. A dignified protest for a good cause imparts dignity and self-respect to its participants. It is an energizing experience which provides energy for more activity. Furthermore, it informs all sympathetic viewers that they are not alone and encourages them to speak out too. With media coverage, the event can reach a much wider audience than passersby. The following are some pointers for conducting demonstrations:
Participants: Try to recruit at least ten to fifteen people. A smaller number gives the impression of weakness. It is good if the demonstrators know each other in advance, perhaps as members of the same club or church. Standing among friends increases confidence and poise. Demonstrators should dress well as a statement to the public that they are respectable citizens.
Location: Demonstrate in a public place where a strong flow of traffic and pedestrians is going by.
Good possibilities are courthouses and local offices of U.S. congressmen.
Permission: Contact your local sheriff or police and let them know what you are planning to do. Find out whatever permits are needed and what guidelines demonstrators must follow. As an aside, AIC supporters found several law enforcement officers were quite pleased to hear of the demonstrations.
One, a sheriff, stated, “I'm so happy that you’re doing this.” He went on to relate how illegal aliens in his
Immigration Watch is published by Americans (or Immigration Control, incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
county were breaking laws and harassing citizens.
Message: Focus on a particular issue of immigration which ties in local concerns or a topic being discussed in the national media. An example is a protest against amnesty for illegal aliens, given the wide coverage of amnesty plans by the Bush administration and Democratic leaders. Keep the messages on signs and placards simple. Examples: America, Yes Amnesty, No; Amnesty Equals Anarchy. Have someone with artistic talent letter the signs. Make sure that the lettering is big and bold enough to be seen from a distance. Do not permit any profane or tasteless messages. To encourage participation from passersby, have one demonstrator hold up a sign saying: Honk if you agree.
Activity: Demonstrators may choose to stand in one place, or they may move in a circular path. In either case, keep a distance of several feet between protesters. Bunching up makes a demonstration look small. Demonstrators may also chant slogans. Example: Illegal immigration, no border, no order, no nation.
Media: Send your local media outlets (radio, TV and newspaper) a press release about the demonstration. Assign one articulate person at the protest to speak with reporters. Others questioned by reporters should defer questions to this spokesman.
Continued on Page 4
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC • PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465 Phone: 540-468-2023 Website: www.lmmlgrationcontrol.com
by John C. Vinson Editor
Vagal
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Vpril/IMav 2004
I KNOW WHAT WE CAN DO!
MR. PRESIDENT - WE'VE < COT TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE 'ILLEGALS*!
0.L. —s fftSMJTt
THAT'LL HAKE
eh LEGAL!
A POS£ mm once
0L8,
BOdpen

Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
THE NATIONWIDE DAILY USA TODAY editorialized that “catering to business interests” is the reason behind the Bush Administration’s proposal to grant legal status (amnesty) to illegal aliens. The editorial noted that many Republicans see the plan as inconsistent with their party’s traditional stance for law and order.
“Viewed in isolation,” said the editorial, “the proposal does appear to run counter to the Republican Party’s tough-on-crime philosophy. But when looked at in a broader context, Bush’s plan fits a pattern: Since taking office, he repeatedly has championed big-business influences over other Republican causes. Indeed, business groups have pushed for an open-door immigration policy that increases the labor supply and keeps wages down.”
AT A RETREAT OF 218 REPUBLICAN HOUSE MEMBERS, presidential advisor Karl Rove received strong criticism for his pro-immigration strategy, particularly the administration’8 proposal to grant amnesty to illegal aliens. The Washington Times (2/06/04) reported, “Many of the ... Republicans at the retreat said immigration and overspending had emerged as the top issues in their home districts.” One House member anonymously quoted by the Times said, “I just got the results of a poll in our district, and it’s 2-to-l against the president’s immigration plan.”
Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), head of the House Immigration Reform Caucus, commented, “They were all over Karl on immigration and spending. This is the first time I didn’t even have to raise the immigration issue myself. Everyone else did.”
Said Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN), “Most of our members are very concerned about what they perceived as amnesty for illegal aliens under the president's immigration proposal.* She added that she made it “very clear” to Rove “this is something I'm not going to support.”
ALL OF THE MAJOR DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES in the 2004 presidential race expressed support for immigration, and amnesty for illegal aliens, reported the Scripps Howard News Service.
Sen. John Kerry (D-MA) stated, “Immigration is central to our nation’s history.” He endorsed amnesty for illegals who have worked for more than five years in the United States. Nevertheless, he has voted against increasing visas for skilled foreign workers.
Gen. Wesley Clark described his position as “very proimmigration.” He proposed to open the U.S. to skilled workers from around the world, but would tighten controls against illegal immigration. He favored amnesty for what the Scripps Howard described as “law-abiding undocumented [i.e. illegal] workers.”
Sen. John Edwards (D-NC) illustrated his support for immigration by citing the town where he grew up in North Carolina where Hispanic immigrants now comprise half of the population. He proposed amnesty for illegals through “an earned legalization program.” Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean affirmed, in Scripps Howard’s words, that “immigration is vital to the success of the United States.” He proposed to legalize illegals, said the news service, “who have been paying taxes and obeying the rules.” Dean expressed reservations against giving citizenship to aliens for service in the military.
TWO SENATORS, THOMAS DASCHLE (D-SD) AND CHUCK HAGEL (R-NE), have introduced a bipartisan alternative to the Bush administration’s guest worker/amnesty plan. The Daschle/Hagel proposal, like the Bush plan, would admit guest workers from abroad.
On adjustments for illegal aliens, the Daschle/Hagel plan offers illegals a more sure and direct path to permanent residence than the Bush plan. The senators’ amnesty would grant permanent legal residence to ille-
Continued on Page 4 Page 3
IMMIGRATION WATCH
PIUlloTfMJ «OIC«
ILLEGAL [IMMIGRATION NO BOROER ft NO ORDER [ NO NATION
AMERICAN
SI
MATRICULA
NO
m\

Reformers—Continued from Page 2
Opposition: Don't respond individually to opponents who scream or shout their ignorance. One effective response might be to chant slogans in unison to drown out hecklers. In most parts of the country opponents will be few and far between—but not everywhere. In some areas, with large alien and politically correct populations, a protest for reform may run into strong hostility. In Southern California, illegal aliens and their supporters have attacked peaceful American demonstrators. Such incidents perfectly illustrate the danger to our freedoms of growing populations who have no respect for American law and our traditions of free speech and tolerance. If you choose to demonstrate where problems could arise, have cell phones to call for assistance. Also, have video cameras available to record hostile actions.
Once again, however, in most places, the risks are minimal Look forward to the support you will receive from your fellow citizens! At a demonstration in Virginia against amnesty, a motorist got out of his car and said, “Thank you so much for doing this. May I have my picture taken with you?” At another demonstration in Virginia, a man walking by gave the
Americans Demonstrate for Reform
protest organizer twenty dollars to conduct more protests.
Immigration reformers cannot hope to change public policy if they voice their concerns only in private. They must assemble and speak openly for all to hear.
Immigration News Briefs —Continued from Page 3
gal aliens and their families who meet the following conditions: reside in the U.S. for five years, work here for four years, pass security and criminal background checks, pay federal taxes, show a knowledge of English and civics, and pay a $1,000 fee.
ONE REASON THAT FARM LABOR JOBS are often unattractive to Americans is that a steady supply of illegal alien workers keep them unattractive, in terms of wages and working conditions. This was the conclusion of a paper by Philip Martin, a professor of Agricultural and Resource Economics at the University of California, Davis.
He observed that wages of farm workers in California rose following the efforts of Cesar Chavez and his United Farm Worker union. Rising illegal immigration, however, undermined the workers’ bargaining position for higher wages. Chavez complained that "employers... have unlimited, unrestricted use of illegal alien strikebreakers to break the strike."
ECONOMIST EDWIN RUBEN STEIN, in a column published on www.vdare.com, denied the claim that illegal aliens make an important contribution to the U.S. economy. According to the Pew Hispanic Center, Rubenstein noted, 6.3 million illegals are in the workforce, or 3.7 percent of a workforce totaling 144
million. Noting that legal and illegal immigrants earn much less than natives, Rubenstein calculated that illegals contribute little more than one percent to the Gross Domestic Product. For this benefit of around one percent, he observed, American workers suffer wage depression and job displacement, while taxpayers have to pick the “substantial” costs of providing public services to illegals.
Without illegals, Rubenstein noted, certain sectors— fast food, cleaning services, seasonal agriculture and lawn care—would suffer labor shortages. He added, “employers in these sectors would scream. They would lobby their congressperson and gullible journalists. But ultimately, they would have to respond by offering higher wages and benefits to the remaining pool of unskilled workers. At the same time they would look for ways to substitute new technology for labor.... The end result: ... Most Americans would be better off.”
FORMER UTAH STATE REPRESENTATIVE MA1T THROCKMORTON has announced that he will challenge Third District U.S. Congressman Chris Cannon in the Republican primary.
Cannon has supported amnesty and other benefits for illegal aliens. Throckmorton has opposed these positions, and udvocates stronger efforts to enforce existing laws against illegal immigration.
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Vpril/May 2004
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of 500,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that close to nine million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million by 2050, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
Mexico Organizes Illegal Flow to U.S.
Erin Anderson is an immigration reform activist whose family lives on the U.S./Mexican border. Recently she toured northern Mexico. In the following interview she recounts her experiences to Immigration Watch.
I.W. What has been happening near your family’s homeplace?
Anderson: Illegal aliens are moving across at the rate of 1,000 per day. The flow has increased since the Bush Administration began talking about amnesty. The numbers are such that this has to be an organized effort. And what I saw in Mexico proves this.
I.W. What did you see?
Anderson: I traveled 2,000 miles, and I saw many villages which used to be quiet and charming, but now they’re thriving and bustling with activity. Their main industry is moving migrants north to the United States. People who smuggle illegal aliens into the U.S. go by the name coyotes. I call these towns coyotevilles.
I.W. What specific activity was going on in these places?
Anderson: There were many shops selling items of use to border crossers. These included backpacks and water bottles. They also sold baseball caps and American style tee shirts to people who believed that these things would make them look like Americans.
I saw hotels and guest houses everywhere. Previously, these towns didn’t have them. Also churches are a major player. In one, I saw material on how to obtain rights and services in the U.S. A priest boasted that he had sent 13,000 migrants north.
I.W. How do the migrants move from the interior and from these coyotevilles?
Anderson: It’s a myth that they walk most of the distances. In many cases planes fly them up and fleets of shuttle buses carry them to the U.S. border where coyotes take them across. When they get here shuttle buses pick them up, and carry them to major cities like Phoenix where they can fly out to other parts of our country. The whole system is very mechanized. To pay their way, the migrants are used as “mules” to haul in drugs.
I.W. Do you think the Mexican government knows about all of this?
Anderson: It couldn’t be otherwise. The government facilitates the migration and benefits from it. Mexican leaders don’t want reform because it would threaten their privilege and power. As a consequence, they are sending us some of their most backward and unskilled people to prevent revolution.
Mexico is a potentially wealthy country, but the leadership will never fix anything if they don’t have to. Our open border allows this.
I.W. What are some of the difficulties you see with mass illegal immigration?
Anderson: There are cultural problems and costs to provide public services to illegals. People not screened for disease are a real danger to public health. Crime is a big problem. In Central America, governments are cracking down on violent gangs. That encourages gang members to move up through Mexico to the U.S. They are extremely dangerous.
I.W. What would you recommend to American citizens concerned about this issue?
Anderson: Contact Washington. At the local and
Continued on Page 8
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Alien Party *D9 vs Alien Party ‘R9
In this election year, U.S. citizens are having a tough time distinguishing between Alien Party “D” (a.k.a. the Democrat Party) and Alien Party “R” (a.k.a. the Republican Party). The leaders of both political parties are trying hard to outdo each other with offers of amnesties and benefits for illegal aliens, despite the fact that an overwhelming majority of American voters are opposed to amnesty for illegal aliens, or as they are now called in liberal, politically correct terms, “workers without papers.”
President Bush, leader of Alien Party “R”, told the nation in his State of the Union speech that he is opposed to amnesty for illegal aliens “because it encourages further illegal immigration,” but he proposed “a new temporary worker program to match willing foreign workers [i.e., illegal aliens] with willing employers ... A temporary worker program will help protect our homeland allowing Border Patrol and law enforcement to focus on true threats to our national security.”
Question: When is an amnesty for illegals not an amnesty?
Answer: When President Bush says it’s a temporary worker program for three to five million illegal aliens. That is truly slick talk worthy of his predecessor “Slick Willy.”
But Bush should wise up because there is no way be can out-bid the leadership of Alien Party “D”!
Almost simultaneously with Bush’s proposal, the leader of Alien Party “D", Senate minority leader Tom Daschle (D-SD) joined political hands with Nebraska Senator Chuck Hagel of Alien Party “R” to offer their own incredibly Machiavellian bi-partisan plan to sell out America to illegal aliens. The January 22 Washington Post reported, “Two prominent senators crossed party lines Wednesday [1/21/04] to propose a bipartisan alternative to President Bush’s immigration initiative, including the prospect of permanent legal status for undocumented workers lie., illegal aliens]...
With Daschle at his side, Senator Hagel, who has a notorious record on immigration issues, spouted the Alien Parties’ usual and irrational pro-amnesty propaganda line, “We can tighten up and bring common sense to a patchwork of immigration laws that makes no sense.” (When the Alien Party speakers use the term “tighten up” they actually mean “loosen up” the nation’s immigration laws, legalize illegal immigrants, and increase the annual quota for legal immigrants).
Helen Dewar’s Washington Post article described this sellout by the Alien Parties. “The Daachle-Hagel proposal would allow illegal immigrants and their
by Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
families to become ‘invested stakeholders’ in the United States, putting them on track for permanent residency and eventual citizenship if they meet a half-dozen requirements. ”
This would, of course, further liberalize chain migration which has already dumped millions of Third World natives into America during the past several years.
Furthermore, what in the world are “invested stakeholders??”
According to the Post article, the Daschle-Hagel proposal would require that these immigrants "... would have to pass national security and criminal background checks....”
Well, so what else is new? The millions of immigrants who patiently wait their turn to come to America legally have to pass national security and criminal background checks in order to apply for residency and/or citizenship. Those illegals already here became lawbreakers the moment they sneaked across the border, and hence under the present U.S. law they are ineligible for a work visa, permanent residency, or citizenship.
Incredibly, both Daschle and Hagel denied that their proposal provides “amnesty” to illegal aliens just as George Bush denied the same charge leveled at him. They all speak with forked tongues.
The leadership of Alien Parties “D” and “R” are indeed in sync, as were all the Democrat presidential wannabes in the early primaries. Frontrunner Senator John Kerry, the son of a Hungarian immigrant father who changed the family name to Kerry, outlined his plans for his administration including the need to create jobs, but he expressed no concern about the nine to eleven million illegal aliens in America who are taking jobs from Americans, lowering the wage levels, overburdening our schools, and abusing our welfare system.
Since January 2001, America has had a net loss of 2.3 million jobs, according the January 28, 2004,
Haiti more Sun. During that same three-year period approximately three million legal immigrants have taken up permanent residency in the U.S. and, in addition, an estimated one-and-a-half million illegal
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Pug* 8 April/May 2004
Dear Editor:
God Bless You! I am a teacher in South Phoenix who cannot get a contract for a subject that I am highly qualified for... Social Studies.
As a “sub”, I go into classrooms where the Mexican flag is displayed prominently and I am told that, “We’re” going to take back our land.” I’ve had students tell me that they didn’t need to learn English because this land is going to be Mexico again.
I walk down halls and the only language that you can hear is Spanish. Teachers, aides, parents and students all speaking a foreign tongue in our country. Many of the above have no mastery of English and remain obstinate in that regard.
Don’t get me wrong ... if I have a student from a foreign culture who is interested in becoming American. they get every bit of my attention and efforts that I can provide.
I’ve heard all the arguments about the situation and wonder this: if Mexicans can be given so much from our bounty, why can’t Americans own land in Mexico? I think this should be a corner stone of any agreement to allow “illegals” any consideration about their “rights” in our country.
Right now we have to carry the weight of nine to 11 million criminals who broke our laws and assaulted our sovereignty for their own purposes... keep up the fight!
C.S
Phoenix, AZ
Dear Editor:
I’ve noticed in recent years that the Chamber of Commerce is no longer a friend of the people and community. Here in South Carolina they are using their clout to assist illegal aliens, ignoring the fact that these aliens are criminals who have violated our laws by being here.
They don’t care that Americans are being deprived of jobs by these aliens. They're pushing for the passage and utilization of Senator Orin Hatch’s insane bill which would permit illegal aliens to attend college at cheaper rates than out of state Americans. It is high time that these business groups get the exposure and the condemnation that they deserve.
M.M.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I had no problem getting along with Cuban immigrants after the first few mass immigrations of Cubans back in the 1980’s. I worked for Southern Bell at the time, and some of our employees had worked for the telephone company in Cuba. They told us how suddenly, one day, soldiers pounded at the doors of central offices, came in, and told everyone that from now on they were working for Castro and the new regime. That was the
end of decent paychecks from the company, and the beginning of deterioration of equipment and services, and the whole Cuban society.
Several years later, unfortunately, the Cubans were trying to force Spanish on the rest of us. This sudden arrogance was the beginning of my anger. The Elian fiasco didn’t help the Cuban image at all, and only fed our resentment.
The past five to ten years have seen us being overwhelmed with Mexicans, Guatemalans and Haitians, all clamoring for a piece of the now shrinking American pie. The children of these uneducated people born here now qualify for welfare, food stamps, healthcare and more. A lot of the anger has turned to sadness as we stand by and watch our small towns and cities turn into slums where grocery carts are abandoned on street corners, bars are placed on convenience store windows, yards are untidy with weeds taking over, paint on buildings is peeling, and crime is common. And this is called “diversity”?
There is no way, no way at all anyone can convince me that these people are paying much of their way at all. If anyone at all is profiting, it’s businesses and investors with the cheap labor of illegals. And now even legals are willing to come here and work for low wages, robbing the American workers even more. The political machines are not listening to the American people on this issue. I just wonder what we will finally do to get their attention.
C.L.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I appreciate all that you are doing to bring the issue of immigration reform out into the open. As a resident of New Jersey living just outside Philadelphia, I get the true picture on how we are losing our American culture under the guise of “diversity.” Everywhere you go in the Delaware Valley there are Hispanics and Asians speaking their native languages in public places as well as in the workplace. There are an estimated 250,000 illegal immigrants in New Jersey.
After reading John Vinson’s column “Let the Political Parties Know,” I wrote letters to both the Democrats and Republicans sharing my views with them. I was particularly disgusted at the pro-immigration stands of the Democratic presidential candidates.
Forty years ago I remember a Democratic president who said, “My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.” Now we have legal and illegal immigrants asking candidates, “What are you going to do to get our votes?” Unfortunately, both parties answer this question in the “politically correct manner” to cater to these people.
R.W.
Maple Shade, NJ
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 7
Book Review
Unguarded Gates
Historian Otis Graham makes a powerful common sense case for immigration reform in his book Unguarded Gates. A History of America’s Immigration Crisis fRowman & Littlefield Publishers, $26.95A He maintains that mass immigration poses problems which any decent and intelligent American should be able to acknowledge.
These include social fragmentation, job competition and wage reduction affecting disadvantaged Americans, and overpopulation. Unfortunately, he notes, it is difficult to raise these legitimate issues in public debate. One reason is that historians have tried to discredit all past movements to restrict immigration by referencing the intolerant views of some people on their fringes.
Reinforcing this tendency is "political correctness,” ironically a modern form of intolerance. Says Graham, "When the intellectual confusion and evasion is very deep among intelligent people, the mental virus of political correctness is usually at work, with its attached fear of criticism that one is somehow a racist. The thought blocking formula is: Thou Shalt Not Link an Immigrant to a negative Anything, Anytime, lest one be called awful names.”
Despite the brakes on reasonable discussion about immigration, Graham offers some hope that this situation will change. One reason is that the problems caused by mass immigration are simply becoming too great to ignore.
Anderson —Continued from Page 5
state level, let your elected officials know that you oppose all programs and projects which attract illegal aliens. This includes day labor sites, the issuing of driver’s licenses to illegals and acceptance of the Mexican Matricula Card. If your officials refuse to cooperate, vote them out of office.
Ms. Anderson is available for interviews. She may be reached at (703) 980-6531, or Ehnadaire@aol.com.
Alien Party —Continued from Page 6
aliens have sneaked into our homeland.
It is insanity to reward millions of illegal aliens with the coveted prize of permanent residency or U.S. citizenship!
Americans have every right to question the loyalty of elected politicians who, when sworn into office, take an oath to uphold the U.S. Constitution and the laws of the land and then want to reward alien lawbreakers with amnesty and the possibility of citizenship.
How long will U.S. voters tolerate the duplicity and disloyalty of the leaders of Alien Party “D” and Alien Party “R”?
America is worth saving, but apparently the leadership of our Alien Parties doesn’t believe it.
To reach your Congressmen: call the U.S. Capitol switchboard 1-202-224-3121 and ask for your Representative’s office; or write to Your Representative, House of Representatives,
Washington D.C. 20515.
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We're Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465

John Vliwon, Editor, Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
Dear Immigration Watch Reader,
Are vou as alarmed as I am about the growing number of states issuing driver’s licenses to illegal immigrants? If so, I URGE YOU TO PLEASE COMPLETE THE ENCLOSED Air MEMBER SURVEY and rush it back to me IMMEDIATELY!
As you'll read in the enclosed issue of IMMIGRATION WATCH, this is just one form of amnesty that we’re fighting to put an immediate halt to — but its consequences are dangerous and far-reaching!
Let me explain...
I’m sure you recall how a driver’s license used to be a rite of passage for teenagers into adulthood...
... now 14 states are caving into immigrants’ rights groups and other big-money special interests who are forcing this issue, pushing for legislation that welcomes illegal aliens with open arms, and ultimately turning a driver’s license into a rite of passage to citizenship.
Illegal aliens — people who broke the law to enter our country — are actually being REWARDED for their criminal behavior!
And as you can imagine, illegal aliens are receiving this message LOUD and CLEAR! Is it any wonder that there are over 10 million illegal aliens in the U.S.?
Fortunately, there is a voice of reason in Congress. Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO) has introduced H.R. 3052 — a bill that would withhold federal highway funds from states that give licenses to illegal aliens.
But unfortunately. Rep. Tancredo is fighting an uphill battle in an election-year Congress that is focused on pandering to the mass immigration lobby. He’s asked for AIC’s help, and we MUST answer his call... for if we don't no one else will.
Today I need you to STAND UP and SPEAK OUT in support of Rep. Tancredo’s critical legislation by answering the enclosed EMERGENCY SURVEY right away — and including your generous contribution to help our nationwide campaign for H.R. 3052.
Once we receive your Survey, it will be compiled with thousands of other responses and presented to Congress — so they will know firsthand that Americans REJECT policies that threaten the security of our nation and reward illegal aliens for breaking our laws.
Your Representative needs to hear from you TODAY.
(over, please...)
tit Main Stiwi • Monterey, Virginia 2446S • ($40)468-2023 • www.imniigrationcontrol.cont
Clearly, the rite of passage from immigrant to American citizen no lorn-cr requires arriving on our shores legally, paving taxes, or learning English — instead simply cross the border illegally and vou are lavished with rights and privileges once given exclusively to law-abiding American citizens.
Instead of throwing illegal aliens in jail, or deporting them back to their own countries, states are throwing down the welcome mat — and jeopardizing the safety of the entire United States in the process.
In fact, you’ve probably noticed the longer lines at your local DMV if your state is one of the 14 that is jumping on this dangerous bandwagon to grant licenses to illegals.
DMVs are so overwhelmed by the number of illegal aliens descending on their offices — and using FALSE INFORMATION to claim their licenses — that they’re forced to hire additional bilingual personnel and waste limited tax dollars on handling this influx.
But there are far more disturbing consequences than this...
A driver’s license can become a rite of passage for terrorists who are then able to move freely between borders, transport cargo, board airplanes, enter a federal building, and even buy a gun!
please. I need your immediate help in stopping this madness! If vou disagree with the fn pmvi.de driver’s licenses to known alien criminals, please complete the enclosed EMERGENCY SURVEY and return it immediately in the envelope provided.
And just as important, I must ask that you include the most generous emergency contribution you can afford to fund this critical campaign on Capitol Hill.
Congress must stand strong in the face of enormous political pressure to pander to illegal aliens. They need to know that you — AND EVERY AMERICAN — support an immediate reversal of these dangerous policies.
And Congress MUST SEND A STRONG MESSAGE to the 14 states that provide amnesty to illegal aliens: States do not have the right to REWARD illegal aliens for breaking fhf law! Please help us move Congress to pass H.R. 3052.
P.S. You and 1 know that giving illegal aliens driver's licenses will only encourage more foreigners to break the law and illegally cross our borders! Please complete the enclosed Survey
AMNESTY OF ANY FORM for illegal aliens. My sincere thanks for your feedback and help!
Sincerely,
John Vinson, Editor
as soon as possible and send Congress a message that Americans will NOT SUPPORT
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
EMERGENCY MEMBER SURVEY
Survey Issued to:	Survey	Registration	#:
01398844 B4BG02
In lliilliillmli In. ili IIImiIIiuIIih.i.11,,11,1,, |,|, ilil
Instructions: Please answer the following questions on a dangerous policy now adopted by 14 states that are issuing driver’s licenses to illegal aliens. Congress has the power to STOP this outrageous legalization of criminals, but no action will be taken unless they hear from YOU. Please return your Survey and emergency contribution to AIC this week.
1.	Do you believe states should issue driver’s licenses to illegal aliens, despite the fact that they broke federal laws to enter our country?
P	□	YES □ NO □ UNDECIDED
2.	Do you support Rep. Tom Tancredo’s bill, H.R. 3052 — a bill that would deny states a portion of their highway funding if they give driver’s licenses to illegal aliens?
□	YES	□	NO	□	UNDECIDED
3.	Do you believe illegal aliens residing here in violation of federal law should have the same rights as American citizens?
□	YES	□	NO	□	UNDECIDED
4.	Do you feel our country should continue down its current path that panders to illegal aliens by granting them more and more rights, and ultimately amnesty?
□	YES	□	NO	□	UNDECIDED
5.	Will you support AIC in leading the charge for Rep. Tancredo’s H.R. 3052 — to deny federal highway funds to states that give driver’s licenses to illegal aliens — and help us fight all legislation that rewards criminals for illegal behavior?
LI YES! Enclosed is my EMERGENCY contribution of:
a sis	a	$25	a	$50
□ $100	□	$250 □ other $____________________
Please make your check payable to AIC and return it along with this survey in the envelope provided to: PC). Box 73H • Monterey, VA 24465-0738.
If you wish to contribute via credit card, please complete the information on the back of this form. AK’ will uhc your contribution to help move CongrcKN to action to STOP illegal and uncontrolled immigration, ront/ibuliorib to citizen advutacy group* Mich as Americami for Immigration Control, incorporated are not lax-deductible.