June/July 2002
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
For a Nation of Americana
Immigrants Remain on Welfare
Many immigrants continue to receive U.S. welfare benefits, despite federal legislation in 1996 to discourage this use.
A study by economist George Borjas found that the level of immigrants using public assistance has declined just slightly during the past six years, and that it is now rising again. The reason is that most states restored benefits to immigrants that Washington cut in 1996.
In 1994, Borjas observed, 23.4 percent of immigrant households received some form of welfare. By 1998 the total declined to 20 percent, but rose to 21 percent in 2000. In contrast, 15.6 percent of native households used welfare in 1994,13.5 percent in 1998, and 13.7 in 2000.
Robert Rector of the Heritage Foundation suggested that instead of trying to cut off welfare to immigrants who have settled here, it would be better not to admit people who are likely to become public charges in the first place. A disproportionate number of immigrants receiving welfare are from Mexico and other Latin American countries.
Mexican immigrants in Nebraska. Many south-of-the border newcomers require public assistance.
Women, Immigration, and Multiculturalism’s Big Lie
By Brenda Walker
These days should be open season on multiculturalism, now that the extensive burqa coverage included in Afghanistan war news has reminded Americans of the brutal treatment of women in many parts of the world. Nothing illustrates the total fraud of multiculturalism more than women’s devalued status in many “traditional" cultures. The multiculturalist assumption that all cultures are equal is clearly refuted by news from Kabul and beyond. We have seen women’s basic humanity denied, as by the suspension of education for girls. Seen on the gritty stage of Afghanistan, multiculturalism seem so much academic blather.
In fact, the Taliban are merely the poster boys du jour for cruelty. Much of the world outside of Europe
In This Issue	
Editor’s View			........ Page 2
Immigration News Brief*	,tiefi		Page 3
Washington Report			Page 6
Letters to the Editor	,,,,,,ttu$	........ Page 7
and America remains a wretched place for persons who are female. For example, Sixty Minutes has reported that India is missing 22 million women and girls because of sex-selective abortion, infanticide and the murder of women by their husbands for having insufficient dowries. Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has estimated the number to be far higher. The Chinese prefer male children and have performed so many sex-selection abortions that 20 million young men will never marry because there are no young women to be their wives. Thousands of baby girls are simply thrown away every year. But does the shortage raise the value of women? No indeed, entrepreneurial Chinese have responded by kidnapping possible brides by the tens of thousands.
And despite copious propaganda from Islamic organizations, Muslim societies are among the most barbaric places on earth in terms of human rights. A widespread scourge is “honor killing,” a practice where women are murdered for the smallest affronts to rigid social codes. An unproved charge of sexual infidelity or even a
Continued On Page 4
Editor’s View
For Tolerance: Limit Immigration
Mass immigration supporters often wave the flag of tolerance. With their self-proclaimed open minds and open hearts, they urge the rest of us to accept open borders. But woe unto him who disputes their advice. The wrath of the "tolerant" can be quite terrible, as anyone can testify who has stood on the receiving end of their name-calling. Many of these “tolerant” people live in sheltered worlds, far from the madding crowds they wish to admit. In such comfortable settings they can indulge blissful ignorance of human nature.
The truth of the matter, proven through human history, is that tolerance among people, even countrymen. requires the most careful cultivation. Pleas for goodwill and brotherhood simply aren’t enough. Human beings of all creeds, colors and nationalities are contentious. When they do get along it’s usually when they share common values, and respect and obey equitable laws.
These precisely are the conditions that have made America a relative haven of peace in a strife-torn world. But it is a mistake to take them for granted. Some Americans pridefully believe that our country is “exceptional," one not subject to the strains and divisions of other countries. They forget the sad memory of our Civil War and fail to heed what it could suggest for our future.
Just as North and South once divided, multi-culturalism, given clout by mass immigration, is pulling us into factions. It is clear to most perceptive people that the strength of our common values is weakening. The legitimacy of America’s basic institutions and practices,” notes political scientist Stanley Renshon of City College of New York, “are no longer a matter of fact, but rather of debate.”
As this debate goes on, an unprecedented diversity of cultures is arriving. Several years ago President Clinton noted this consequence of immigration and said it could mean the end of our “dominant... culture” He said not to worry, however, because we would not “disintegrate” on account of it. Few thoughtful Americans were reassured.
Many immigrants today come from countries with values sharply different from ours. In those countries there is little tradition of tolerance in political life and little experience with the rule of law. Given time, if mass immigration continues, these characteristics will remake our national character. Of particular concern
irnm^ason WafcftiepubfcahedbyAmencanetorlrnrnigraUonCon-tfol, Incorporated, Box 73S, Monterey, VA 24496 Jotvi Vmeon. Editor To serve ss educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoint* m its publications Opinions expressed In signed articles and letters to the editor do not neoeeeenly represent the views of AiC.
Immigration Watch Is the largest owouletion immigration publication m the nation.
is out of control illegal immigration, a situation that directly undercuts our rule of law and debases our citizenship.
Ironically, the ethnic lobbies that facilitate and encourage illegal immigration often style themselves as “civil rights” groups.
Nothing could be farther from the truth. Genuine civil rights activists in our history claimed their	Editor
rights as citizens under
our law. In contrast, illegal alien advocates claim for foreigners the right to break our law and reap the benefits of citizenship. With law undermined, citizenship becomes a second-class status for everyone, leaving it little power to inspire unity.
What can Americans who still value their culture of civic order do to stop the social disintegration they see so plainly? Perhaps the best answer is to practice the values they see passing away and work through our legal and political system for change. Today, unfortunately, change is difficult due to the corrupting influence of vested interests which extract cheap labor and cheap votes from immigration. To prevail against these interests, citizens must revive citizenship by taking it seriously.
This revival will require intense organizing and activism. It will exact a great deal of frustration and become a test of our tolerance. Some Americans, feeling betrayed, might also feel tempted to lash out in hostility against immigrants. This would be wrong. The proper response is to criticize and reform bad policy, not attack people, whether legal immigrants or illegal aliens. Once again, the best hope for preserving American ideals and values is to practice them. At the same time it would be helpful if those who identify tolerance with high immigration could extend at least some tolerance for the concerns of their fellow citizens who favor restriction.
The stakes are truly high. The type of diversity flourishing today is not our strength, but the weakness of cultural anarchy beginning to unfold. By working lawfully and decently to reduce immigration to reasonable levels, we can preserve our country as a land of peace and harmony.
LEGISLATIVE ALERT
AIC has established a legislative e-mail alert network to let citizens know about Impending legislation so that they can make their views heard In Washington To jotn, sand your e-meil address to aic@immigrationcontrol com
by John C. Vinson
Fags 2
IMMIGKAI ION WA IT II
Juitc/Julv 2002
ML Mm 1b
worn ast, that
Less IMMIGMON
zMLstoreu
w can om me TOi£RANCE
wh6n evgRYoNe things nice us I
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
THE HOUSE—BY ONE VOTE—PASSED LEGISLATION in March to facilitate amnesty for certain categories of illegal aliens. The measure was to restore section 245 (i) which allows illegal aliens to stay in the U.S. after paying a fine, rather than return to their home countries to seek legal admission. The measure then went to the Senate for consideration. Sen. Robert C. Byrd (D-WV) denounced the legislation and White House support for it, saying, “It’s lunacy—sheer lunacy—that the president would request, and the House would pass, such an amnesty at this time. That point seems obvious to the American people, if not the administration.”
Congress received a strong outpouring of public opposition to 245 (i), reported an article in The Washington Times. The newspaper quoted a spokesman for Sen. Wayne Allard (R-CO) who commented that, “Our offices have been flooded with calls here in Washington... There are a lot of folks [who] are upset and saying they are opposed to it.”
“One East Coast Republican office,” the 7\mes noted, “received more than 200 phone calls and 100 letters— all opposed ... Phones were ringing off the hook in a
Republican senator’s office from the southwest.” Legislative staffers, said the article, determined that the messages reflected strong concern from “grassroots” Americans.
FOLLOWING THE MARCH MEETING OF PRESIDENT BUSH AND MEXICAN PRESIDENT VICENTE FOX, the Chicago Tribune reported, ‘The Bush administration insists that the two leaders’ joint agenda had not been derailed and that they are making steady progress on an immigration deal important to both ...” [This] accord would ... regulate and normalize migration into the United States, perhaps offering amnesty to more than three million Mexicans living and working in the U.S. [and]... a guestworker program."
The Tribune added that concern about terrorism and rising opposition to amnesty in the U.S. were making the “steady progress” difficult.
IMMIGRATION FRAUD IS “PERVASIVE AND SIGNIFICANT,” observed a recent study by the Gen-
Continued on Page 5
June/July 2002
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
Reformers: Stand Your Ground
The demand for immigration reform is growing stronger A recent CBSlNcw York Times poll found that 60 percent of Americans want less immigration. The aftermath of 9/11 and the disarray of the Immigration and Naturalisation Service point to serious problems. When Congress moved to pass a small-scale amnesty, the public deluged Washington with letters and calls of protest.
The pro-immigration interests know that they have a hard sell now. Last January they gathered in Washington to plot strategy. The occasion was the meeting of the National Immigration Forum, a leading pro-immigration organization. One of the panels specifically discussed how to fight immigration reformers.
The Forum did not want the general public to know what was going on. Although its meeting was sponsored by Freddie Mac, a quasi-public agency, guards carefully screened entry. Some information did leak out, however. One key speaker expressed great concern about the climate of opinion against mass immigration.
Just how will they and others of their ilk fight reform? Most likely, they will resort to their old and reliable tactics of name-calling and smear. As one pro-reform observer noted, “What else can they do now? Argue that mass immigration makes us less crowded, more unified, and more secure? That we need more immigration to keep wages down and welfare costs up?”
Immigration reformers, consequently, should consider the source when the vested interests and their friends
Number of Immigrants: 1900-2000
1900 1910 1920 1930 1940 1930 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000
Year
U.S. Census Bureau
in the media launch their rants. Surely they will charge “intolerance,” (as if they tolerate anyone who disagrees with them), “hate,” (as if their hatred of reasonable discussion isn’t obvious) and, of course, “racism” (as if the pro-immigration ethnic lobbies had no thought about increasing their ethnic and racial clout with immigration).
The use of name-calling and smear reflects weakness, despite its brass and loudness. Reformers should not waver as they reflect on the truth of their convictions and the strength of their numbers.
Women and Multiculturalism — Continued from Page 1
husband’s paranoid dream may result in a woman being burned or hacked to death. Her murderer receives the approval of family and community for his action. According to Amnesty International, hundreds of such murders occur every year in Pakistan. In Saudi Arabia, women are not allowed to drive cars, eat in public places, or work in an occupation where they might have contact with men.
Nevertheless, Washington policymakers still have in place the program of “Diversity Visas," which offers a lottery to people of cultures thought underrepresented in the United States. In 2001, the program welcomed 50,000 persons from countries including Somalia and Bangladesh. These nations are home to cultural practices like slavery, female genital mutilation and purdah (lifelong house arrest for women).
America will indeed be made more diverse by this immigration; the question is whether we want diversity of this sort.
Oh but immigrants wouldn’t be so ill mannered as to bring such objectionable practices with them to America, immigration enthusiasts might protest. On the contrary, multicultural ideology encourages them to do exactly that.
Women should be (ahem) manning the barricades
against the current crop of immigrants, who come from the most misogynist locales of the Third World. But political correctness apparently has official feminists in its thrall. When groups like the Feminist Majority Organization do think about immigration, it is to rescue immigrant women. Instead, women’s organizations should question the wisdom of importing millions of newcomers from women-hating cultures. American women’s political rights, safety and social status cannot be helped by such a misogynous influx.
Brenda Walker is a freelance writer and web master of Limits to Growth, www.limitstogrowth.org
Tell It to Washington
Washington will not enact immigration reform if senators and House members do not hear from the grassroots. Write them or call their offices at the Capitol Hill Switchboard (202) 224-3121. Ask that they:
1)	Reject any amnesty legislation for illegal immigrants, even if it is called a “guest worker” program.
2)	Support a reduction of legal immigration numbers to a traditional level of 200,000 a year.
Pege 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Juue/Jutv 2002
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of I 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
As of 2002, the Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
mMM________________________________________
Since 1970 the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Columbia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 280 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
News Briefs — Continued from Page 3
eral Accounting Office (GAO), the investigative arm of Congress. This cheating, the GAO concluded, “threatens the integrity of the legal immigration system.”
Immigration fraud consists of foreigners using counterfeit documents and other means of deception to gain legal residence and U.S. citizenship. Examples of fraud are bogus marriages to U.S. citizens and false claims to take advantage of “religious worker” provisions. In one case, the GAO found that of 22,000 applications for foreigners submitted by an immigration firm, 5,500 were fraudulent, and 4,400 were suspected of being so.
One reason for the high rate of fraud, said the GAO, is that the INS—with so many applications to deal with—places more emphasis on speedy processing than careful examination.
IN MARCH THE INS NOTIFIED A FLIGHT SCHOOL that it had approved the student visas of Mohammad Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi, the terrorist hijackers who crashed passenger planes into the World Trade Center. A spokesman for the INS said that backlog of paperwork caused the error.
Of this oversight, President Bush said, “I was stunned, and not happy. Let me put it another way: I was plenty hot.” The president declared that the INS must be reformed.
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO) STRONGLY CRITICIZED James Ziglar, director of the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), as an individual unsuited for his job. Prior to his appointment to head the agency, Ziglar had no professional experience in immigration. Tancredo, who heads the House Immigration Reform Caucus, also said it was inappropriate for Ziglar, a self-described libertarian, to head an agency charged with enforcing immigration laws. Libertarians tend to believe in open borders.
Said Tancredo, “Putting a libertarian in charge of the INS is like asking Gloria Bteinem to take over all of the anti-abortion efforts in the United States.”
Defending Ziglar, INS spokesman Joe Karpinski said that his boss was not an open border libertarian. Those who disagree point to Ziglar’s hiring of Stuart Anderson to head the agency’s strategic Office of Policy and Planning. Several key Republican staffers in Congress, reported The Washington Times, described Anderson as an “open border, Wall Street Journal’ Republican. Anderson previously served as an aide to former Michigan Senator Spencer Abraham. Prior to that he was the immigration specialist for the libertarian Cato Institute.
Dan Griswold, who currently holds Anderson’s old job at Cato, stated that immigration restrictions are “bad law.” He said Anderson was “a great asset” to the INS.
THE IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE CANNOT BE REFORMED, said Mark Krikorian of the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies (CIS), without significant cuts in immigration. In an article in National Review, Krikorian argued that more money will not necessarily help. Despite a current budget of $5.5 billion a year, a ten percent increase from last year, the agency shows no sign of getting a grip on its duties.
The reason, Krikorian wrote, is that the workload of the agency has risen faster than its funding. To illustrate, he noted that “new applications (for green cards, citizenship, temporary work permits, etc.) [have] increased 50 percent over the past six years, and the backlog of unresolved applications has quadrupled to nearly four million. The number of citizenship applications filed in the 1990s was about 6.9 million, triple the level of the eighties.”
Aside from reducing the workload, other reformers suggest reorganization. Rep. James Sensenbrenner (R-WI), chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, proposes to split the agency into two new agencies, one which would specialize in naturalization and the other in immigration law enforcement. As the situation stands now, in Sensenbrenner’s view, the agency works at cross purposes and fails at both tasks.
Jane/July 2002
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Washington Report
Bush Should Fire
The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) is all upset that sources of cheap foreign labor might be jeopardized by members of Congress who vote against amnesty for illegal aliens. In the March 18 (WSJ), an editorial tned to ignore the fact that any alien who enters the country illegally, or overstays his visa, has broken the law. “The need for serious reform at the INS is obvious, but so is the need for lawmakers to distinguish between [illegal] immigrants who bus tables and those who hijack airplanes,” says the Journal.
The Wall Street Journal is disturbed that 137 members of the House of Representatives voted against extending an amnesty to mostly Mexicans who would be permitted to stay in the U.S. while they seek permanent residence status. The law requires that they return to their native land to apply for change of status and not return until the change has been approved.
Despite heavy White House arm-twisting of House Republicans, only 92 Republicans voted for this latest form of amnesty, while 123 Republicans and 13 Democrats voted against it.
Republican opposition to the Bush White House was led by Representative Tom Tancredo of Colorado who warned his House colleagues that, “People will be given amnesty under this plan who may in fact even be terrorists.” (AIC was told by an El Paso, Texas, businessman that he has overheard new breed Mexican militants talking about reporting intelligence to Marxist parties in Mexico gathered from nearby Ft. Bliss.)
California Republican Dana Rohrabacher, who also voted against the measure, cautioned fellow House members that to “extend this amnesty to these illegal aliens is unworthy of this body.” Tancredo and his Republican allies waged a determined uphill fight to stop this latest amnesty and lost by only ONE
VOTE!!!!
The opposition in the House increased from 43 votes last May to 137 this March, prompting the Journal to resort to unprofessional sarcasm, “a large dutch of Republicans are now bent on exploiting the terror attacks to advance their anti-immigrant agenda.... To stop the next [terrorist] Mohammed Atta, this thinking goes, it is necessary to upend the lives of Mexican nannies in San Diego.” What blatant obfuscation and distortion!
Totally omitted from The Wall Street Journal’» biased picture is the method by which the oh-so-innocent illegal Mexicans get from Mexico into the United States to be bus boys, nannies, or day laborers, like the ones in lyion'i Corner, Virginia, who helped
INS Boss
two of the Islamic terrorists obtain fraudulent Virginia drivers’ licenses.
Many Mexican immigrants enter the U.S. illegally through Cochise County, Arizona. Last summer, when AIC sent a staffer to investigate the alien invasion along the Arizona-Mexican border, we learned that approximately half a million to one-and-a-half million Mexicans enter the U.S. annually just through Cochise County, and heard shocking accounts of serious property damage and great physical harm by the illegals.
AIC’s findings were recently confirmed in John J. Miller’s article “Border Blues” in the March 11, National Review. Rancher Ruth Evelyn Cowan told Miller, “You want to hear about my worst day on the ranch? I lost 10,000 gallons of water because some Mexican broke a valve off one of my tanks trying to get a drink. Another one left a gate open and four of my cattle wandered ten miles away. They’re worth about $2,500 a piece and we had to spend hours finding them. And then someone else drove a truck across my land and knocked over a fence in two places. All that happened in just 24 hours. But you know what? We have to deal with problems like those everyday, and it’s been going on for years.” Cowan told Miller that she’s spent about $50,000 repairing the damage done to her property by illegal aliens since 1999.
Bill Burns of Portal, Arizona, is one of the many American ranchers and homeowners who have experienced the deadly violence of the illegal aliens.
In 2000, he was attacked and knocked unconscious in his horse barn by illegals using two-by-four pieces of lumber. When his wife found him three hours later, he had to be flown to a hospital to be treated for a collapsed lung and multiple broken bones. Then in 2001, although he had a .22 caliber revolver in his hand to protect himself, his family, and his property, ”... a pair of illegal aliens burst into his kitchen and attacked him. Burns was knocked unconscious and later treated for a cut to his cheek and a stab wound in his abdomen,” writes Miller.
Our own investigator heard many similar stories from ranchers, farmers, and homeowners who have
Continued on Page <S
Ziglar
by Robert H. Goldsborougb President, AIC
Pag* 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/July 2001
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
1 have come up with a “theory” as to why radical liberals love immigration so much. It falls into the “gesture liberalism” category. Since these radicals are not inclined to acknowledge moral absolutes and a transcendent God who actually demands morality, they cling to gestures to expiate their guilt, such as supporting massive immigration. This way they can feel that they are Good People. This same impulse is reflected in their support for affirmative action and “hate crimes” legislation. among many other ridiculous schemes.
Precisely because of their belief system, these leftists deny their guilt by constantly blaming things on traditional society or “the past.” Unable or unwilling to face the cold hard fact of truly personal sin in their lives, they frantically try to tear down the society that would call them to account for their malfeasance, not to mention | personal and just God they are trying to avoid. As a result the radicals have an almost evangelistic zeal not only to destroy themselves, but “take everyone with them” including society at large. Immigration boosting is certainly a potent means to self-destructive ends.
T.M.
Glendora, CA
Dear Editor:
I am fearful by firsthand experience with the hordes of illegal aliens who push up the crime rate here in South Florida. They are destroying our culture and way of life.
Here’s my experience: The heads of a drug/chop shop operation rented a house across the street from my residence. For 22 months I was subjected to dangerous behavior and retaliation because I tried to shut down the operation or get them moved. I suffered assaults on my property, including a break-in which I interrupted. They constantly prevented me from sleeping by driving cars into my yard at night and blowing horns and flashing lights. Also, as a parting shot, they destroyed my lawn and flowerbeds.
It finally took a new police chief to get them moved. Even though I’m armed with a handgun, I still feel apprehension, always looking around me, always alert.
By objecting to this and doing what I did to stop it, I have been called “divisive” and “racist.” In spite of this, I will keep on objecting and doing what I can to keep them from overwhelming me and other law-abiding good citizens.
M.J.
La tana, FL
Dear Editor:
It's no wonder we retired citizens get such a small cost of living increase each year, when older immigrants come here to receive SSI and Medicare—having never in their lives worked in the United States. Our educational standard at all levels is an embarrassment and a
travesty today because we seem to think we should hold our own children back in order to accommodate less educated and non-English-speaking students. We seem to be so busy protecting the rights of the “less advantaged” immigrant that our own citizens are being placed at a very real and distinct, not to mention costly, disadvantage.
Just the other day, I saw a senior East Indian woman try to cheat at the grocery store checkout counter with her food stamps! I’ve noticed that a great many of them, if not most, walk to the parking lot and get into a brand new automobile!
I will look forward to hearing about your activities to counter our modern “American culture” and the results of your efforts.
H.D.
Hayward, CA
Dear Editor:
I have just read your February/March 2002 Immigration Watch, and I totally agree with the reader that sent you the article “Our Country’s Achilles’ Heel.”
I spent over 26 years in law enforcement from 1967 to 1994, here in Illinois. I have seen the change that has come over this area since 1967. Back in the 1960s if a subject was found to be an illegal, he was deported without any questions once his charges here were finished. Later on in the 1970s, when we started to feel the effect of the 1965 immigration law, that all started to change.
Once amnesty was enacted, it encouraged others to come in hope of another amnesty. At the same time the INS was losing its tools of action which turned it into a harmless paper tiger. The agency no longer had any control over the movement of these people. Instead of blaming the INS people, I think that we need to give them back the powers they once had.
Also prior to 1965, we were only allowing approximately 200,000 people into our country at a time, and the INS had all of the tools to keep control of their movement until these people either left, or became citizens. Later on the 1970s, after our government had stripped the INS of its powers, our government allowed more and more people in, without any controls over the movements of these aliens. Unfortunately, the illegal aliens were able to get in and mix with those who came here legally.
We also need the manpower and technology to safeguard all roadways that cross our borders. You just cannot have a checkpoint at certain places, and not others. The illegals and the ‘Coyote’ (those that bring the illegal aliens across) just move their operations from one spot to another. If one spot is detected as an entry point, they just move to another spot.
This problem isn’t a new one. 1 can remember back in about 1974, or 1976, when 1 saw a TV News telecast
Continued on Huge S
Jvim/July 2002
IMMIGRATION WATC H
Page 7
Ziglar — Continued f^nn-fiagg.. 6
suffered serious property losses/physical
r^nr
a
attacks from the illegals crossin&Their property.
law requires hospitals to provide pedical service to anybody whb ngdds it regardless of his ability to pay. Douglas mrihy aliens get into |he country by
Miller spoke with Cindy Hayostek who Uvea in the border town of Douglas. Arizona. HervMaX |>affi$hrd has become a passageway for illegals. “I figure that 4.000 people were [using] it ovttihaaourse of 12 months. And that's probably a*low €9nlfi£^/fl$Xij^h6r, George Morin related his problems, “I spend three days a week picking up trash and two days fixing fences." Hannah Siegel, a rancher’s wife who lives 15 miles from the border says she feels so unsafe that she carries a gun with her at all times—even in her own house. Some of those Mexican nannies and bus boys mentioned so solicitously by the Journal undoubtedly came through Cochise County, thus breaking the law by entering illegally and then damaging the property and threatening the lives of hardworking taxpaying American citizens.
Another victim of these illegal aliens is the health care system in Douglas, Arizona. Miller writes that the quality of health care in that part of the country, “Has declined because of the influx of aliens. Federal
Letters — Continued from Page 7
which showed the problem. In this telecast, it showed a town down by the Mexican border where the residents had posted an arrow pointing toward Chicago with the mileage to it. Right below that sign was another sign for Aurora, Illinois, also with the mileage. A lot of people who saw that thought it was funny, and didn’t think much about it. Over the years, a good share of those people have decided that it was not so funny at all.
Among the many problems of a loose border is that in the mix of people who come across, you will have a certain percentage of hard-core criminals. Their “contributions” to our society we do not need at all.
C.B.
Aurora, IL
jumping over the wall... Those whob/aak their ankles or legs doing it [are thei\trd«fbed fdr free]. In the year 2000, in fact, Douglas’aamgle hospital went bankrupt in part because ofantne unpaid bills.”
President George W. Bush has announced that he wants to reform the INS. For starters, he should fire INS Commissioner James Ziglar and his assistant Stuart Anderson who reportedly shares his wacky libertarian views on immigration with Ziglar, a self-described libertarian. After revelations that the INS sent out visa approval notices posthumously for two September 11 terrorists, Tancredo stepped up his demand that Bush fire Ziglar.
AIC has consistently urged Congress to authorize use of the U.S. military and/or the National Guard to assist the U.S. Border Patrol. Finally, at long last, 800 National Guardsmen and 50 additional Border Patrolmen have been assigned to patrol our southern border.
The Wall Street Journal will probably complain; but WHO CARES!
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies or $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC * PO Box 738 * Monterey, VA 24465 (540) 468-2023/ www.immigrationcontrol.com
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465