June/July 2004
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
AIC Conducts Nationwide Ad Campaign
Americans for Immigration Control, in conjunction with other immigration reform organizations, has completed a nationwide media campaign featuring television advertisements.
The campaigns, beginning in January, focused on the need to protect American workers from the consequences of amnesties for illegal aliens and guest worker programs. particularly at a time when many Americans are unemployed, and unskilled workers face wage depression because of immigration.
Some of the ads also called on citizens to urge their representatives and senators to reconsider support of amnesty/guest worker legislation. States where the ads ran included Iowa, Arizona, South Carolina, Texas, Nebraska and South Dakota.
In the latter two states, the ads encouraged opposition to amnesty/guest worker bills supported by Sen. Chuck Hagel (R-NE) and Sen. Tom Daschle (D-SD).
Foreigners (above) applied for 1986 illegal alien amnesty. Politicians now propose another mass amnesty. (Wide World Photo)
AIC Educates Political Candidates
As the election season unfolds, AIC is working to educate candidates for Congress on key issues related to immigration and encourage them to speak out for immigration reform. AIC has sent packets of information to the campaign offices of approximately 500 candidates of all parties running for the House and Senate. The offices are receiving follow-up calls to determine their positions.
The introduction letter informed the candidate that immigration reform is a mainstream issue, and cited polls showing strong public support for reduced levels of legal immigration and stricter measures to stop illegal immigration. It noted that these goals had the en-
In This Issue	
Editor’s View							Page 2
Immigration News Briefs							Page 3
Washington Report				Page 6
letters to the Editor						Page 7
dorsement of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform, a bipartisan body established by Congress during the nineties to make recommendations on immigration policy.
To summarize the need for reform, the packet included Common Sense on Mass Immigration, a booklet of 20 brief essays examining problems caused by current immigration policies. At the end of each essay is a website or an e-mail address to provide more information on the topics covered.
Also enclosed was Amnesty for Illegal Aliens—Repealing the Rule of Law, a pamphlet outlining why amnesties for illegal aliens and guest worker programs are bad policies. With these ideas now under serious consideration in Congress, AIC believes this information is timely reading for congressional incumbents and office-seekers. (The booklet and pamphlet are available from AIC for one dollar. Send cash or check to AIC, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465.)
Many candidates have responded favorably to AIC’s mailing and follow-up calls, indicating that immigration reform will be one of their topics on the campaign trail.

e iyv
IVJ ivu
•« ft	auumuuma.tuui
Politicians Pay Heed to Outrage
Never doubt that average citizens can make a difference. Just look at the amnesty/guest worker plan the Bush administration unveiled in January.
It proposed to give legal status to at least nine million illegal aliens and provide them opportunity to become permanent residents and citizens. It also proposed to let “willing” U.S. employers bring in “willing" foreign workers—if those employers claimed they couldn't find American workers.
But the initial fanfare for the plan soon dissipated. Just two weeks later, President Bush mentioned it only in passing during his State of the Union speech. By spring it sputtered almost to a halt. This is not to say that the Bush proposal could not come to life again, but it is instructive to understand what caused the near—if not necessarily permanent—demise of the plan.
Basically the reason was sustained public outrage. A flood of opposing calls and letters went to the White House. Congressmen, particularly those of the president’s party, also heard the message loud and clear. In an open letter to President Bush, twenty-three Republican congressmen stated, “Since the president’s speech, our offices have been inundated with calls from dismayed constituents expressing vehement opposition to the administration’s proposal. ... If we do not listen to our constituents on this matter, our influence and effectiveness in Congress could be jeopardized.”
Shortly thereafter, at a retreat for Republican House members, presidential advisor Karl Rove heard an earful of disagreement. Rove is a strong advocate of leniency toward illegal aliens.
Reported The Washington Times, “Many of the 218 Republicans at the retreat said immigration and overspending had emerged as the top two issues in their home districts. T just got the results of a poll in our district, and it’s 2-to-l against the president’s immigration plan,’ a House member said confidentially
The many Americans who sounded alarm over the administration’s proposal may justly take pride in what they accomplished. But complacency is by no means justified.
Even if the plan is dead this year, there is no guarantee that the administration won’t revive it if
Immigration Watch Is published by Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 736. Monterey, VA 24465 John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints In its publications Opinions expressed In signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publl' cation In the nation
President Bush wins re-election in November. And if the apparent Democrat contender John Kerrey wins, bear in mind that he also advocates amnesty.
Danger also exists now in Congress with amnesty/ guest worker legislation, S.
1645 and H.R. 3142. These so-called “AgJobs” bills would offer legal residence to as many as three million illegal aliens and family members. “AgJobs” has strong support in the Senate.
Thus it is crucial for citizens to keep up the pressure on Washington. It certainly works when applied. Our officials must keep on hearing that vast foreign worker programs make no sense when more than eight million Americans are out of work and millions more have given up looking for employment, or are under-employed.
As for amnesty, keep informing the officials that rewarding lawbreaking undermines our rule of law and encourages more lawbreaking. And don’t be taken in by the politicians who try to mislead with word games. If they propose to legalize illegal aliens (which almost certainly will mean eventual permanent residence), it is amnesty, period.
If nothing else, at least voice your views on the White House comment line at (202) 456-1111. Also call the Capitol Switchboard at (202) 224-3121 and tell your senators and congressman to give thumbs down on guest worker/amnesty schemes. Politicans will see the light, as the late Sen. Everett Dirksen observed, only so long as they feel the heat.
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC * PO Box 738 * Monterey, VA 24465 Phone: 540-466-2023 Website: www.immigrationcontrol.com
by John C. Vinson Editor
Payjt 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/July 2004
ii|i S BUDDY /.... GET TO m MM OF THE BOS!
Immigration News Briefs
. .. is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
IN ARIZONA, STATE HOUSE MAJORITY WHIP RANDY GRAF is challenging U.S. Rep. Jim Kolbe (R-AZ) in the Republican primary for Kolbe’s congressional seat. Graf criticized the incumbent for his support of legislation to grant guest worker status and amnesty to illegal aliens.
The challenger promised, said the Associated Press, “[to] work on enforcing immigration laws/’ Further elaborating his position, Graf maintained that, “We need to close the borders completely before we consider some sort of guest worker program."
PRESIDENT BUSH'S ADVISOR KARL ROVE has strongly advocated legislation to benefit illegal aliens, which he believes will attract Hispanic voters to the Republican Party. Some illegal alien advocates, however, don’t believe his advocacy is strong enough.
In March, 800 activists from National People's Action, a radical leftist group, showed up at Rove’s house to demand his wholehearted backing of the “Dream Act," a bill to allow illegal alien students to pay in-state tuition for higher education. After chanting and pounding
then grew more aggressive, fanning around the three accessible sides of Rove’s house, tracking him through the many windows, waving signs that read ‘Say Yes to the Dream’ and pounding on the glass.”
Syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin reported that National People’s Action receives funding from the Ford and Rockefeller foundations. Individual members, said Malkin, have also received public funds from federal agencies and one state agency.
GOV. JEB BUSH OF FLORIDA proposed that illegal aliens be allowed to get driver’s licenses. The proposal drew opposition “from sheriffs around the state,” the Associated Press reported. Among them were two sheriffs, Ed Dean of Marion County and Don Hunter of Collier County, who serve on the state’s Domestic Security Task Force.
Dean stated, “It’s incomprehensible to me that [the governor] would legitimize... someone who is here illegally. I’m sure the governor has his reasons. From strictly a law enforcement viewpoint, I would have to
on the door, The Washington Host reported, the “crowd
IMMIGRATION WAKII
Juiit/Juiy 2004
Continued on Page 4 Page 3
M4U1IIOIW;,	t	*	v%	w	vv.aiiiinigl	tiliollCOIIII	Ol.COIII
The Dark Side of Liberalism
The Dark Side of Liberalism, Unchaining the Truth is a conservative perspective on radical liberalism and its negative effects on American society. The author, Phil Kent, is the former president of the Southeastern Legal Foundation, and a long-time conservative activist.
Of particular interest to immigration reformers is Chapter Two, ‘The Truth about Immigration.” Kent forthrightly affirms that the radicals, or at least a strong faction among them, want to change the United States into a “multicultural Third World [society].” In another chapter, Kent offers an explanation, “The Dark Side doesn't respect limited government.” Indeed it doesn’t.
In a Babel of contending languages and cultures, people will have great difficulty getting along with one another. To avoid chaos, they may decide to invite unlimited government to impose order. Leftist radicals eagerly promote multicultural chaos, so as to encourage this invitation—one which they yearn to accept as the governing class.
In Third World countries elites rule over masses. It’s an arrangement radicals envy. Despite their rhetoric of equality, they see themselves as mankind’s natural rulers. Traditional American citizens are a bulwark against their schemes, so the radicals conspire—through immigration—to turn the U.S. population into masses of the Third World variety, people too impoverished, ignorant and divided to resist control.
The radicals are indeed a “dark side,” as Kent shows in relation to other issues. They are not, however, the only “dark side.” Certain types of conservatives are candidates too, especially those which agitate for open borders to reap cheap immigrant labor. Interestingly, they further the agenda of the radical left by lowering wages and creating an alienated underclass. So consumed by greed are these conservatives that they don’t even seem
to notice.
The way to resist the dark sides of left and right is for honorable liberals, conservatives and moderates to unite in common cause.
Reasonable environmental concerns are possible common ground.
Kent suggests this by praising the work of left-leaning environmentalists such as Roy Beck, director of Numbers USA,	Phil Kent
and former Colorado Governor Richard Lamm.
Although Kent decries what he views as environmental extremism, he predicts, “Conservatives will find a growing number of allies in apolitical or politically disconnected young people who appreciate ‘green space’ and who come to realize that an open border policy means more forests chopped down, more concrete poured for more highways, more pollution and more urban sprawl.”
The Dark Side of Liberalism, Unchaining the Truth was published by Harbor House. AIC offers it for the reduced price of $10.00 per copy. To order by mail send cash, check or money order to AIC, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. To order by Visa or MasterCard call (540) 468-2023.
News Briefs —Continued from Page 3
disagree.” Hunter maintained, ‘This law is very poorly crafted and flawed from a domestic security standpoint.
I strongly oppose it and cannot support the conceptual intent either.” Sheriff Hunter added that six Latin American terror groups are active in and around Florida.
REP. GRESHAM BARRETT (R-SC), in a speech on the House floor, called on Congress to reform immigration policy. Said the congressman, “[T]he tragic events of September 11th awakened most Americans to the fact that our immigration system is not only seriously flawed, but also poses a danger to our national security.” This need led him, he maintained, to introduce the SAFER Act (H.R. 3522), which would reduce legal immigration, strengthen border control and en-
hance tracking of aliens.
“Make no mistake about it,” the congressman concluded, “our nation’s out-of-control immigration policies expose us to an increased risk of another terrorist attack, something I can’t sit back and allow to happen. It’s time for Congress to act now to protect Americans’ interests.”
THE UNITED STATES DOES NOT NEED TO IMPORT large numbers of foreign workers, said Vernon Briggs, professor of labor economics at Cornell University. Writing in The Boston Globe, Briggs denied the claim that America needs immigrants to do jobs that
Continued on Page 5
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/Julv 2004
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200.000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of 500,000 illegal | aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of nine million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
New AIC Video: American Labor Betrayed
AIC's new video, American Labor Betrayed, exposes the indifference of prominent labor leaders to the interests of American working people. These leaders appear to endorse illegal immigration, despite its effects on employment and wages of American citizens.
The video focuses on the “freedom ride” of illegal aliens last fall who traveled to rallies in the New York City area to demand amnesty and other benefits. These “freedom riders” took their name from black citizens who sought rights as citizens during the 1960s. The illegal noncitizens and their supporters seemed to miss the irony of the comparison.
A substantial supporter of the “freedom ride” was the AFL-CIO. The video shows AFL-CIO president John Sweeney greeting the assembled crowd. Other leaders of the union and prominent political leaders hail the riders as “immigrants” and “workers” with hardly a reference to their illegal status.
The video reveals what the mainstream media refused to show: participants proudly displaying the flags of their
countries, groups marching in military-style formation, and speakers stirring up the crowd with messages of racial antagonism. Misleading statements abound. After one speaker claims that foreigners do jobs Americans won’t do, the video switches to American workers who describe how illegal immigration has harmed their wages and employment.
American Labor Betrayed raises the point that some labor leaders are more interested in attracting new dues-paying members than defending the jobs and benefits of American citizens. Members of union households definitely will find this video of interest, as well as other Americans concerned about issues of employment and the overall problem of illegal immigration.
American Labor Betrayed (10-minute length) is introduced by a statement by Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), chairman of the House Immigration Reform Caucus. To order this videocassette, send $10.00 in cash, check or money order to AIC, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. To order by Visa or MasterCard, call (540) 468-2023.
News Briefs —Continued from Page 4
Americans won’t do. Americans would do these jobs if they paid “a living wage” by American standards and offered adequate benefits. Immigration, however, keeps wages and benefits down.
He went on to observe that large-scale admission of low-skilled foreign workers is particularly a problem for American minorities and teenagers. Citing statistics at the beginning of the year, Briggs observed that black unemployment was 10.5 percent. The Hispanic rate was 7.3 percent, and the teenage rate was 16.7 percent.
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO) called on President Bush to repudiate his amnesty/guest worker plan. The Colorado Congressman noted that illegal immigration, based on apprehensions by the Border Patrol, has surged upward since announcement of the plan. The
union representing Border Patrol agents, the National Border Patrol Council, stated in a report that the proposal has encouraged foreigners to enter the U.S. illegally.
“I hope the administration,” said Tancredo, “will consider withdrawing this destructive and misguided amnesty before the problem gets worse—and do so publicly.”
INDIANA GROUP FORMS
Grassroots activists in Northwest Indiana have formed I-F1RE (Indiana Federation for Immigration Reform and Enforcement.) Immigration Watch readers wishing to contact I-FIRE may write Box 297, Valparaiso, IN 46384.
Juoe/July 2004
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 5
Washington Report
Loopholes to Citizenship via the 14th Amendment
For years, unscrupulous aliens from Mexico, Korea and elsewhere have abused the good natured hospitality of the American people by taking advantage of a destructive loophole arbitrarily and capriciously created by an 1898 Supreme Court misinterpretation of the 14th Amendment’s citizenship clause. Alien pregnant mothers enter the United States illegally just before their due date so as to give birth to their babies in America, thus qualifying their infants for U.S. citizenship because of the 1898 high court decision which irrationally reversed earlier decisions.
The 14th Amendment, Section One, of the United States Constitution reads: “All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.” (italics added) The initial draft of the amendment was incomplete and did not include a definition of a U.S. citizen. After much debate, on the U.S. Senate floor on May 30,
1866, the definition was added by the authors of the amendment who clearly specified their intentions. Chief sponsor of the amendment, Senator Jacob Merritt Howard, introduced the Citizenship Clause by saying: “This will not, of course, include persons born in the United States who are foreigners, aliens.”
(Cong. Globe, May 30,1866)
The chairman of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee at that time was Senator Lyman Trumbull who explained the jurisdiction requirement: “What do we mean by ‘subject to the jurisdiction’ of the United States? Not owing allegiance to anyone else. That is
what it means-----It cannot be said of any [one] who
owes allegiance, if you please, to some other government that he is ‘subject’ to the jurisdiction of the United States.”
This carefully chosen explanatory language by the authors of the Citizenship Clause is pertinent to the case of Yaser E. Hamdi v. Rumsfeld now before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Hamdi was bom in East Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 1980; his parents were temporary visitors in America while his father worked for Saudi Arabia Basic Industries. The infant Hamdi left the U.S. and never returned. He declared himself a Saudi citizen, fought with the Taliban in Afghanistan and was captured. After his capture, Hamdi told American officers he was a Saudi citizen who had been born in America. All sides in the Supreme Court case are treating Hamdi as a “presumed citizen,"
The Center for American Unity has filed an amicus curiae brief with the Supreme Court in this case. At a press-briefing, Barnaby W.
Zall, Esq., counsel for the Amici, stated that for more than 30 years, the Supreme Court respected the intentions of the authors of the Citizenship Clause. Mr. Zall explained,
“In the Slaughter House Cases, (1873), the Supreme Court noted that the jurisdiction requirement was intended to exclude from its operation children of ministers, consul and citizens and subjects of foreign states born within the United States. In Elk v. Wilkins (1884) the Supreme Court said that the jurisdiction was intended ‘to put it beyond doubt that all persons, white or black, and whether formerly slaves or not, born or naturalized in the United States, and owing no allegiance to any alien power, should be citizens of the United States’.” “Unfortunately, this respect for the jurisdiction requirement evaporated in 1898. In United States v. Wong Kim Ark (1898), the Supreme Court held that a child born in the United States of Chinese parents was a citizen.”
Zall explained that Justice Gray, writing for the Court in Wong Kim Ark, “redefined ‘allegiance’ to the United States in a way that nullified the jurisdiction requirement. Justice Gray believes that any alien coming into the United States immediately lost allegiances to any other government, and owed allegiance only to the United States. Justice Gray said that an alien’s ‘allegiance’ to the United States is direct and immediate, and, although but local and temporary, continuing only so long as he remains within our territory.”
The Amici brief filed in the Hamdi case asks the Supreme Court to consider whether or not Hamdi was even “subject to the jurisdiction” of the United States. As Mr. Zall emphasized, “neither Hamdi nor his parents ever demonstrated any allegiance to the United States. They were temporary visitors. Hamdi left the U.S. as an infant, never to return. He
Continued on Page 8
Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
Page 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
June/Julv 2004
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
I often use your valuable information to help wake up my friends who, no thanks to the vast media empire in the U.S., haven't a clue that uncontrolled immigration is killing us in more ways than one.
Unfortunately, we live in a society whose god is television (the raunchier the better), sports, having a good time, and making money. Maybe Americans will wake up when the next van loaded with illegals shows up on their streets.
M.H.
Vestal, New York
Dear Editor:
We have lived in South Texas for most of our lives. I can tell you all that we are being invaded by millions of illegal aliens. The members of Congress do not want to discuss the problems. Forged documents give aliens full rights as real citizens. Homeland Security sticks its head in the sand and ignores the real invasion of America; rather it puts on a big show with airplanes and ships. The Border Patrol does its best with pathetically low manpower and little support from our government. Lawyers get rich from illegal aliens trying to get around our laws. Our governmental services, such as hospitals, schools, and welfare are being bankrupted by these alien hordes. Their reproductive rates are the highest in America.
Our recent events sound just like the History Channel on TV. The Germanic barbarian tribes sacked Rome as Rome lost the will to effectively defend itself. We are in danger of doing the same thing unless we control the uncontrolled immigration invading America at this time. Gaining control will become more difficult every year that we wait. Appeasement will not work; it can only buy a little wasted time.
B.D.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
Several years before I started receiving Immigration Watch and became a member and supporter of Americans for Immigration Control, I realized that an immigration invasion was underway. My eyes were opened in 1997 when HBO (Home Box Office) made a movie called, uThe Second Civil War ” It was an edgy smart comedy with a few well-known actors which clearly showed the problems of rising immigration.
Unfortunately, unlike other HBO movies, uThe Second Civil Warr was shown only two or three times for just one week. It was obviously taken off the air due to reasons of not being “politically correct/’ It was based around fictional events when the governor of Idaho, played by Beau Bridges, decides to close his state’s borders rather than allow a planeload of immigrant orphans to make Idaho their home. The events include the state
June/July 2004
of Rhode Island being overrun by Asians, the Mayor of Los Angeles being Mexican, and Mexicans retaking the Alamo. Other well known actors include James Earl Jones as a news reporter covering the events, Phil Hartman as the president of the United States, and the late James Coburn as the president’s political advisor.
Even though this movie, “The Second Civil War is meant to be a comedy it depicts what uncontrolled immigration could lead up to in a changing America in a satirical way. The fictional events that were put on film seven years ago are now a reality all across America. The movie ends with what one is led to believe as the outbreak of a “Second Civil War” in America. The ending which is a fictional scenario may not be far off from the inevitable outcome if immigration remains uncontrolled. I strongly recommend that all AIC members and readers of Immigration Watch get a copy of this movie and share it with as many relatives, friends and neighbors as possible to “spread the word.” It is available by ordering either through amazon.com, moviesunlimited.com, Blockbuster, or HBO Home Video, 1100 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10036.
R.A.
New Jersey
Dear Editor:
My family, and myself, are immigrants who came to this country when I was only two years old, back in 1955. We entered the U.S. legally, as we obtained legal residency through my paternal grandmother who was born in Texas, but grew up in Mexico. We did everything legally back then, and I find absolutely no excuse why immigrants cannot do it today. We expected no easy handouts, nor were we ever out to bilk taxpayers out of anything. We have worked hard to get where we are today, and we (my family) expect no less from immigrants now. I am totally in favor of AIC’s propositions, as are my elderly parents and siblings.
We have seen the deterioration of our neighborhoods where we grew up, because the illegals are totally irresponsible for the care of property. Here are some examples:
Their dogs wander as strays all day in the streets, just like in Mexico. They have as many as twenty people living in one household, which creates an unimaginable amount of trash. Their children throw it in the streets and sidewalks while their parents tell them nothing. (I have observed this myself.) The young men and adolescents have their beer/liquor bouts every weekend, carrying guns, and shooting up into the air for fun while they are drunk. They throw their beer cans and bottles on other peoples’ property. From my observations (and I am from Mexico), only two out of every ten Mexican men are responsible.
Continued on Page S
Page 7
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Letters—Continued from Page 7
They created havoc in their homeland, and now they have come to create havoc in the United States. They drink and drive, carry no drivers license, and no vehicle insurance. They have no medical or life insurances. And when something happens to them because of DUI accidents or fatalities, they ask the communities for handouts. Most of these folks practice total anarchy.
The men have women with children back in Mexico, and then they marry here and have more children. The reason they can do this is because they never sign a document in Mexico proving that they married—even if it is considered common law in this country.
They work for cash. And while they send a miserly •mount to the offspring they leave behind in their homeland, they make their women here ask for Medicaid, food stamps, and anything else they can get for free, making fools out of social workers who sympathize with them, while not knowing the entire story behind their lives. They even get Mental Health services for free, with our tax dollars!! Sickening isn’t it!???
They have no respect or regard for our rules, regulations. manners or living standards, and do not comply with any city ordinances dealing with stray pets, junk in their yards, living conditions, and dozens of broken-down cars in their yards and streets. I am sick of this!
Hooray for organizations such as yours, which strive to keep the living standards of our country what they are. Although I was born in Mexico, I am now a citizen of this country. I grew up here, and went to school here. I am perfectly fluent in both languages, but I am very concerned that our country will be destroyed if we allow people to come here who will not maintain our culture and quality of life.
I fully agree with your propositions on illegal immigration, from all parts of the world, not just Mexico. The government needs an iron hand on this crisis!!!
G.E.
Cyberspace
FOR SALE
Bumperetlckors: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labelt: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration
Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Loopholes—Continued from Page 6
described himself as a Saudi citizen .... Since Hamdi never showed any allegiance to the United States, and was always subject to a foreign power, was he ever a citizen?”
“In addition, the brief asks the Supreme Court not to further ignore or weaken the jurisdiction requirement in the Citizenship Clause.”
In the Hamdi case, the Supreme Court has the opportunity to restore the integrity of the jurisdiction requirement of the 14th Amendment and thus to correct the injustice done to the meaning and intent of the Citizenship Clause by Justice Gray’s opinion in the Wong Kim Ark case. A decision is expected in June.
Hopefully, the Supreme Court will agree with the Amici brief!
Then, the automatic bestowal of American citizenship upon the babies of illegal alien mothers who used the drive-in-and-deliver technique can be denied.
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
Robert H. GoMsborough, President
Dear Immigration Watch Reader,
I’m sorry to have to say it, but this time President Bush is just plain wrong.
He’s setting the U.S. on a dangerous course with his latest Amnesty proposal that will provide millions of illegal aliens with legal status. And while the President may paint a rosy picture of illegal aliens “coming out of the shadows” and into mainstream America, he neglects to show just how devastating his Amnesty proposal is for all Americans...
... and the price you and I will pay for a program that fails to solve the immigration crisis and
instead encourages more illegal immigration.
History has a habit of repeating itself. Just look at the failure of the 1986 Amnesty Act that was supposed to halt illegal immigration — instead it sparked an unprecedented increase in illegal immigration that continues to spiral dangerously out of control!
YOU stand on this issue of vital and immediate importance to our pi**- of law bv completing and returning the enclosed Emergency
Member Survey as soon as possible.
As you’ll read in this issue of IMMIGRATION WATCH, President Bush is failing to turn to history as a guide for his ill-informed and harmful proposal that rewards illegal activity.
In fact, by failing to uphold his duty to protect our nation’s borders and enforce current immigration law, he’s sending a dangerous message to illegal immigrants: “Break our laws and we will give you legal status and a whole host of rewards.”
And apparently illegal aliens are receiving the message LOUD AND CLEAR.
Since President Bush announced his plan to give legal status to millions of illegal aliens, illegal immigration is on the rlie — and with the Incentive of amnesty, well-paving jobs. Social Security benefits, free health care and free education, the U.S. Border Patrol is no match for this invasion.
We know from the 1986 Amnesty Act that blanket amnesties are not the answer.
Aside from the estimated 9 to 11 million illegal aliens that today are in the U.S., we’re still reeling from the effects of the 1986 amnesty. Recently, a judge ruled in favor of tens of thousands of immigrants who claimed they were wrongfully excluded from the 1986 Amnesty Act. As many as 150,000 additional people are now eligible for legal status.
Illegal aliens - people who BROKE THE LAW TO ENTER QUR COUNTRY — are actually
taking the D.S. to court for failing to give them legal status. And they’re winning!
President Bush’s amnesty may be labeled as a “Temporary Worker Program,” but it also openly
(over, please...)
738 Main Street • Monterey, Virginia 24465 • (540)468-2023 • www.iinniigrationcontrol.com
REVS ARDS illegal activity, ENCOURAGES more brazen attempts to illegally enter the U.S., and COSTS taxpayers billions of dollars. Here are the facts:
•	Studies show the massive increase in immigration in the 1980s and 1990s caused wages to drop 9 percent for native-born American workers.
•	Asa result of the 1986 Amnesty that was SUPPOSED to halt rising immigration figures, today we may have as many as FIVE TIMES as many illegals in the U.S. as we did just 18 years ago.
•	Since Bush announced his plan, U.S. Border Patrol reports a 10 percent increase in the number of illegal aliens apprehended at our borders.
•	Under the new plan, “guest workers” as Bush calls them are permitted to exit and enter the U.S. freely, allowed to move entire families to the U.S., and they can apply for permanent residency.
The President is quick to point out that his program will not necessarily lead to permanent residency for all of the alien workers, but it does in fact call for an increase in the number of green cards issued.
And remember — not only did the 1986 Amnesty Act create an immigration crisis, it also carried a price taf of $78.7 billion paid for by taxpayers like you!
Despite some real concerns within the Republican Leadership over President Bush’s misinformed “amnesty” program targeting millions of illegal aliens in the U.S., there is a very real chance that this dangerous proposal will actually become law, because most Democrat politicians support amnesty.
That’s why we must stop this proposal NOW, before it’s able to gain any momentum. Let’s demand that President Bush uphold the majority will of Americans — 55 percent of whom oppose this dangerous amnesty plan and 74 percent of whom say the government shouldn’t make it easier for illegal aliens to become citizens.
Please complete the enclosed Emergency Member Survey and return it to IMMIGRATION WATCH today! And just as important, I must ask you to enclose a contribution in the amount of $15, $25, $50, $100, or more to help AIC alert more Americans to the threat the new “Amnesty” program poses to our nation.
Let’s demand that President Bush enforce America’s immigration laws, not revise them in an ill-advised effort to please Hispanic pressure groups.
P.S. President Bush has promised to protect our borders. But increasing the level of immigration. encouraging illegal immigration, and nmv^Mw| |m| Hftlf tfi criminals is inconsistent with tjui promise. Please complete the enclosed Emergency Member Survey as soon as possible and send President Bush a message that Americans DO NOT SUPPORT AMNESTY for illegal aliens. My sincere thanks for your feedback and help!
Sincerely,
John Vinson, Editor