

August/September 2003
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
For a Nation of Americana
AIC Launches National Media Campaign
This summer, AIC, in concert with other immigration reform organizations, has conducted a nationwide media campaign featuring TV spots. The ads have run in key states and congressional districts to encourage citizens to contact Washington and demand reform.
The television ads begin by praising our troops for doing their duty abroad to promote national security. But at home, they continue, Congress is not doing its duty for security because millions continue to overwhelm our immigration system.
The ads conclude, “Call Congress now to demand a time out on immigration. We won’t be safe at home until we reduce immigration from abroad.”
AIC President Bob Goldsborough said of the campaign, “This message is more timely now than ever. Along with the threat of foreign terrorism, we face growing friction at home due to excessive ‘diversity’ brought about by mass immigration.”
Smoke from Pentagon after 9/11 terrorist attack. The national ad campaign stresses national security.
The Rights of *We9 The People9 Versus Aliens
by Stephen B. Presser
Editor*8 Note: Stephen B. Presser is the Raoul Berger Professor of Legal History at Northwesterm University School of Law.
One way of telling the story of American culture and politics in the second half of the 20th century is to present it as a revolt against the group of White Anglo-Saxon Protestant males who dominated the country from the time of William Bradford to that of Dwight David Eisenhower. This narrative helps to explain how the federal courts began to implement new constitutional interpretations that furthered secularization, democratization, desegregation, and redistribution of political power. Similar developments followed in Congress and state legislatures, particularly when the Democratic Party, whose base has historically consisted of religious
In This Issue |		
Editor’s View	„		Page	2
Immigration News Briefs			.......	......... Page	3
Washington Report				......... Page	6
Letters to the Editor			......... Page	7
and ethnic groups who sought to displace the formerly hegemonic WASP establishment, was dominant. Most Americans are familiar with the constitutional and legal developments of the late 20th and early 21st centuries involving criminal procedure, race, religion, and abortion, among other issues; until recently, however, few . . . understood that a similar cultural revolution was changing the way that the country treats immigration and naturalization...
Our failure to stem the tide of illegal immigration— particularly from south of the border—and our willingness to grant amnesty to many of these immigrants have brought large numbers of non-English-speaking people to the United States, where they seek to take advantage of the social services available to citizens. Those concerned about this attack on traditional American culture may well wonder. Just what is our law regard ing the rights of noncitizens? What are the rights o aliens in America, and to what extent do they have i claim on our social resources or even a right to enter th country?
Continued on Page
Editor’s View
Cast Down Your Buckets ...
Immigration reformers often wish for more sympathetic coverage in the mass media. But given the bias of the media, that is not a realistic hope for spreading reformist ideas. Rather than futile wishing, which leads to frustration, it is better to follow the advice of Booker T. Washington: “Cast down your buckets where you are.”
This means casting efforts into activities which are practical and doable, even if their immediate scope is limited. As one veteran reformer once expressed it: “We may not have newspapers and broadcast facilities, but we all have mouths for speaking and fingers for writing.” Word-of-mouth and correspondence are slow, but with sufficient participation they can move with great force over time.
As an individual reformer, begin with the realization that you probably have more influence over certain family members and friends than anyone else on earth, certainly more than the mass media.
With these thoughts in mind, make a list of people you especially wish to influence. Here are some guidelines, proven by experience:
1)	Don’t list people, even close relatives or friends, who have strong pro-immigration views. Arguing with people set in their ideas is usually a waste of time and energy. It also brings frustration. Instead, invest your energy on other contacts who already are inclined toward reform. They are the majority, according to numerous polls.
2)	Don’t list people who are not oriented, at least to some degree, toward social and political activism.
Most people, irrespective of their views on immigration, are more interested in their personal concerns than anything else. Don’t get upset about it. Throughout human history, change has always come from dedicated minorities who have seen a vision bigger than themselves.
8) Give preference on the list to people who have the position or talent to influence others. To illustrate, your retired shut-in uncle may be a wonderful prospect in many respects, but—all else being equal— it would be better to invest time on a local officeholder, a school teacher, or a minister.
Once you’ve compiled a list, ask yourself if you really have the motivation to contact everyone on it. If
Immigration Watch Is published by Americans lor Immigration Control. Incorporated, Bon 736. Monterey. VA 24466 John Vinson, Editor. To serve 4s educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in as publications Opinion* expressed m signsd aitidss and letters to the editor do not nscessaniy represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation. Webede www utimigrationeQfdrol.com
by John C. Vinson Editor
you don’t, cut it back to a length you can handle.
Then make the contacts, either in person or by mail.
Provide information, such as a back issue of Immigration Watch. If the prospect is a heavy reader, call AIC for a recommendation of books or booklets to provide.
A hint for persuasion:
Appeal to people by relating immigration to other issues which
strongly motivate them. As one example, if your prospect is an activist for gun-owners’ rights, appeal to him by pointing out that large-scale immigration tends to strengthen the political constituencies of gun control advocates. Another example: If your prospect supports environmental protection, point out the relationship between high immigration and excessive population growth which degrades the environment.
Ask those who show sufficient interest to engage in at least a few activities. Most basic of all is sending letters and making calls to Congress. Encourage them to do at least this much on a regular basis. Be prepared to help them along by providing sample letters and the addresses and phone numbers of congressional offices.
Despite widespread support for immigration reform, Congress is not hearing the message as loudly as it should. AlC’s lobbyists report that many congressmen and senators are not getting enough calls and letters to push them toward reform. Many people talk, but too few act.
Knowledge promotes activism. If more reform-
Continued on Page 6
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 0 times a year), send $15 to.
AIC
PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465
Hap 2
IMMIGRATION WA IT II
Vugiisf/Scptcmhci 2003
My opinion with respect to
immigration, is, that except of
usef ul mechanics and some particular description of men ard professionals, there is no use of )	    encouragement.11
0*iU»ITfip
.^ffUQRATto,

* 6C0RGI WASHINGTON, IN A urn* to john am ms- nn
You'Re A BI60T!! You'Re A risht wins, HATER,
FASCIST!!! You'Re ...TOO’RE... UN AMERICAN
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
LEGISLATION TO END THE VISA LOTTERY, H.R. 775 sponsored by Rep. Bob Goodlatte, has picked up 28 co-sponsors. Each year 55,000 foreign winners of this immigration lottery receive green cards which give them permanent residence in the United States, and the right to bring in their immediate family members. Sometimes lottery winners are illegal aliens already residing in the United States.
NEW YORK MAYOR MICHAEL BLOOMBERG, at the end of May, rescinded New York’s policy of forbidding city officials from reporting illegal aliens to federal immigration authorities. The new policy, set forth under Executive Order No. 34, permits officials to ask about immigration status if that is relevant to eligibility for programs. It also permits cooperation of police in criminal investigations of illegal aliens.
New York had defended its previous policy of “sanctuary” for illegal aliens in federal court. At issue were laws passed by Congress requiring municipal cooperation with immigration law enforcement. The city lost its challenge to those laws. Subsequently, the sanctuary policy drew strong criticism after it caused New York
police to release five illegal aliens who later were charged with raping a woman.
A TOTAL OF 19 REPUBLICAN HOUSE MEMBERS, led by Rep. Jerry Weller (R-IL), signed up for conversational Spanish lessons. Said Weller, “Republicans in Congress are eager to work with the Hispanic community on President Bush’s agenda, and the launch of “Spanish on the Hill” [program] shows we are serious about working with Spanish-speaking people.”
Weller said that he and the others would like to master such phrases as,“Vote por los Republicanos” (Vote Republican). Critics noted that foreign-born people usually have to speak English in order to become citizens and legally vote.
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO) CHALLENGED Congress to vote on a law to open our borders to all comers. Tancredo, who heads the House Immigration Reform Caucus, said that he would certainly vote against such a measure, but he added that it would be useful to see if a number of members would be honest enough to endorse openly what they seem to support in practice.
Auguki/Sepn-mlter 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
Rights- -Continued from Page 1
The I S. Constitution does not set out detailed principles for the treatment of aliens. The power to make uniform rules for immigration and naturalization is granted to Congress, so the matter is taken out of the hands of state and local governments. In recent judicial decisions, at least some federal courts have read this to mean that the national government can dictate the policies to be followed hv state and local governments in providing sendees even to undocumented foreign nationals Congress has generally mandated that those who provide social sendees not discriminate between citizens and noncitizens. Following this logic, a federal judge ruled C alifomia's Proposition 187—which sought to curtail social services to aliens—unconstitutional. It is increasingly unlikely that state and local governments will have much discretion in refusing services to noncitizens or even to illegal immigrants.
In the beginning of the republic, Congress clearly ■ifeognized a danger from immigrants hostile to American institutions, and, as early as 1798, the president was given power to detain or expel foreign nationals who poeed a danger to the citizenry. This power has been maintained in the executive and was recently invoked to support the detention not only of aliens resident in this country but of A1 Qaeda operatives, captured in Afghanistan, at our military base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. There is also clear precedent for bringing alien offenders before military tribunals rather than our regular courts, although this practice has predictably been assailed by such organizations as the ACLU.
The Constitution begins, “We the people of the United States,” which would seem to exclude noncitizens, since at least some decisions of the federal courts have defined “the people” as the citizens. Citizens comprise those born in this country and those who have been naturalized according to legal procedures, which require continuous residence for a period of years, an application for citizenship, and the demonstration of knowledge regarding the rights and obligations of U.S. citizens. Thus, the legal rights guaranteed by the Constitution—including the freedoms of speech, press, and religion; the freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures; and the rights to counsel, equal protection of the laws, and due process—might be taken not to extend even to aliens legally admitted to the United States, and, a fortiori, not to those aliens who were not legally admitted. This was the view that prevailed among the Founding Fathers, but it is no longer accepted.
The ACLU and other “civil-rights” organizations point to the guarantees of the Bill of Rights and other laws and note that the language of those provisions is that of general prohibitions (e.g., “Congress shall pass no law abridging the freedom of speech”) or that the protections accorded are given to any person and not just to citizens (e.g., the 14th Amendment’s statement that no state shall “deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
illegal aliens cross into U.S. Some say they have ‘rights’ equal to those of American citizens.
erty, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws”). Two amendments to the Constitution, the 15th and the 19th, are expressly limited to citizens. The 15th provides that “The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude,” and the 19th states that “The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex.” This language might seem to make clear that the exercise of the franchise can certainly be reserved to citizens, but, according to perhaps the hoariest of legal maxims, expressio unius est exclusio alterius (“to mention one excludes the others”), such language might also be read to say that where rights are not expressly limited to citizens, they ought to be enjoyed by all. That view dominates not only among such groups as the ACLU but within the legal academy and the federal courts. Georgetown Law Professor David Cole recently wrote in the Stanford Law Review that “The right to vote and the right to run for federal elective office are restricted to citizens, but all of the other rights [guaranteed by the Constitution] are written without such limitation.”
Though its name seems to suggest that it ought only to be concerned with the civil liberties of Americans, the ACLU now invokes the language of “human rights,” which, in some instances, goes well beyond what the Constitution might provide. No matter what textual games they and others might seek to play with the Constitution, however, the provisions of Article I, Section 8, granting Congress the power ‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization,” and of Article I, Section 9, implicitly granting Congress the power to prohibit “The Migration or Importation” of persons into the country, convey the unmistakable impression that aliens may be treated differently. The Declaration of Independence, following Locke, states that “all men" are endowed with certain unalienable rights, including those to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We have never actu-
Fsg*4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
taigust/Septeuibcr 2003
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of [ 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990,
I the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During the nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year, with many more entering and leaving as they pleased.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at I Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
ally accorded constitutional status to the Declaration, but its ideas have, at least, rhetorical force, especially when they are added to other statements of human rights. Reflecting the conventional wisdom of the legal academy, Professor Cole notes that the human rights movement of the last 50 years reflects a[n] . .. understanding that there are certain basic rights to which all persons are entitled, simply by virtue of being persons. ... The rights of political freedom, due process, and equal protection, in other words, are part of the minimal set of rights that the world has come to demand of any free society.
For... the ACLU and others... there is a free-floating standard of conduct... that [would] bar . . . treating aliens, for most purposes, any differently from citizens.
For Professor Cole, the ACLU, and others like them, there is a free-floating standard of conduct (“that the world has come to demand”) that ought to bar our government from treating aliens, for most purposes, any differently from citizens.
From this perspective, the U.S. government has no right to discriminate against those wishing to enter this country who hold political, religious, or cultural views antagonistic to those that prevail here. Thus, it is not surprising that, in 1990, Congress was persuaded to repeal the provisions of immigration law that allowed the deportation of aliens who held political views incompatible with our constitutional order. Before 1990, it was permissible to deport or refuse entry to those who were “anarchists,” who advocated “opposition to all organized government,” who were “members of the communist party or any other totalitarian party,” or who advocated “the overthrow by force, violence, or other unconstitutional means of the Government of the United States or the duty, necessity, or propriety of the unlawful assaulting or killing of any officer or officers (either of specific individuals or of officers generally) of the Government of the United States or of any other organized government,” or who advocated “the unlawful damage, injury,
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Columbia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 285 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
or destruction of property.” It is still possible for the U.S. government to deport aliens suspected of affiliation with terrorist organizations or convicted of felonies or of helping others to evade deportation or to disobey the immigration laws (among several other grounds), but it is not at all clear that the federal government has the resources or the will to do so. Indeed, in January 2002, The Washington Post reported that 300,000 foreign nationals remain in this country after having been ordered deported.
How is it that we have arrived at such permissive immigration and such generally lax enforcement of immigration and deportation laws? Some see this as the result of a desire for cheap labor for American factories, service industries, and domestic services, which dovetails nicely with immigrant desires to escape a lack of economic opportunities abroad. The argument for such immigration is that it benefits the U.S. economy, and the same argument justifies accepting immigrants who can invest large sums of capital in American industry or who possess special skills American industry needs. Setting aside the question of whether economics ought to drive immigration policy, those seeking to restrict immigration have argued that the increased cost of social services, particularly welfare and medical care (which the federal government mandates must be provided to resident alien and citizen alike), far offsets any economic gain from increased immigration.
In any event, the costs to American culture and politics of virtually unrestricted immigration and the legal inability to distinguish between citizen and alien may be greater than any economic benefit increased immigration could ever provide. Those who advocate open borders and the provision of social services to aliens believe in a concept of human rights that is antithetical to the traditional understanding of national sovereignty in America and is, perhaps, even antithetical to the rule of law itself. The problem with abstract assertions of “the rights of man,” as Edmund Burke warned, is that they lead to the overthrow of established institutions, to the weakening of traditional authority, to the seising of property, and, ultimately, to anarchy and tyranny.
Continued on Page 6
Pages
Augunt/tieptejnber 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
New AIC Video: Spread the Word
AIC has completed an all-new 15-minute video, National Security at Risk. I urge all AIC members to purchase one or more copies. It will give you knowledge and motivation to make an even more compelling case for stronger border control and a secure visa system.
The video challenges the pervasive Big Lie of the media that portrays massive illegal immigration as a victimless crime. In this Big Lie, all illegal aliens are people with hearts of gold who come to fulfill their dreams by working for pennies at “jobs Americans refuse to do.”
Among the 8.7 million illegal aliens in the United States, estimated by the U.S. Census Bureau, no doubt there are at least some who are relatively pleasant. But many are not—a reality once again generally ignored by the media. The video graphically presents this dark side with rarely-shown footage of illegals and their supporters attacking and threatening American citizens. It reports the underreported cases of Americans driven out of their neighborhoods, crimes against citizens, and the jobs illegals take that citizens are willing to do.
With respect to jobs and the economy, the video presents interesting graphics to illustrate a key study which found that the economic contributions of illegal aliens—and legal immigrants—are not that significant to our overall economy.
The video’s main point, however, is that our country ceases to be a country when we surrender our rule of law and allow just about anyone to come and go. Images in the video of the attack on the World Trade Center and of parents who have lost children because of broken borders and broken laws provide a compelling sense of what is at stake.
Once you see the video, give copies to community
Rights —Continued from Page 5
The human-rights arguments that advocates for open borders and for equal treatment of aliens often invoke are the same arguments Burke attacked. To fail to distinguish between the rights of citizens and aliens, to fail to control immigration, and to fail to carry out deportations may put at risk not only American sovereignty but, eventually, property rights and Americans’ resistance to redistribution. For those truly hostile to the dominant American values and culture of the 18th, 19th, and early 20tb centuries, this may not be a concern; for those remaining defenders of those values and that culture, however, there is reason for alarm, if not outrage.
Article reprinted with permission from the May, 2003, issue of Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture, a publication of the Rockford Institute.
leaders, veterans’ groups, and conservative talk show hosts. Show it to as many people as possible. Invite friends and neighbors over for a viewing session. This is your opportunity to correct the misconceptions put forth by the media and educate your fellow citizens and elected officials.
To order the video, send | cash, a check or money by Robert H. Goldsborougb order to AIC, Box 738,	President,	AIC
Monterey, VA 24465. To
use a Visa or MasterCard, call AIC at (540) 468-2023. Price: $10.00.
Buckets—Continued from Page 2
inclined Americans fully appreciated the extent to which vested interests of cheap labor and cheap votes are betraying them, they might well become dedicated activists. Media propaganda does much to prevent this realization. Many people will not gain adequate knowledge unless someone provides it to them. That someone. Immigration Watch reader, could be you.
Do not underrate person-to-person contact. Before the modern age, it was the common means of spreading information. To illustrate, Americans before the Revolutionary War formed Committees of Correspondence to widen understanding of grievances against British rule. History credits the committees with a key role in the colonies’ movement to independence.
Today, we as individuals have advantages of communication that our colonial ancestors could not have imagined. We have telephones which allow us, with easy convenience, to reach friends and relatives across town, or across the country. We have an efficient postal service and e-mail.
The ways and means to move society are not lacking for individuals. The only thing many reformers lack is the will to apply them with dogged persistence.
HOW TO REACH WASHINGTON
To contact the Capitol Hill switchboard, which will direct your call to the office of any House member or senator, dial (202) 224-3121. For individual office numbers, addresses and voting records of congressmen go to the website www.numbersusa.com. For further assistance to contact Washington, call AIC at (540) 468-2023.
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
\ugust/Septeinber 2003
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
As a Baptist minister, 1 am deeply concerned about the illegal immigration problem in my home state of Texas, and I'm no longer willing to sit on the sidelines. Mexican immigration is a very serious problem in our nation and especially the Southwestern states.
In the past several years, we have seen many areas of our city—Dallas. Texas, inundated with Mexicans and also Asians. They are taking over malls and running the white and black establishments out of business by encouraging their constituents to only patronize their businesses. What used to be nice attractive neighborhoods and shopping centers are now nothing but unattractive dumps. Debris and old broken down cars and trucks line the streets of the neighborhoods where the Mexicans have taken over.
To get away from this, the whites and blacks are moving farther north and building expensive homes, obviously to keep out the Mexicans who do not share the same values.
We have also noticed that once American-owned and run restaurants now only hire Mexicans who cannot speak any English. We used to eat at Luby’s on Sunday’s after church, but no more. When we complained to the Mexican manager that the food servers could not understand English, she just laughed and said there was nothing she could do. We also noticed that the complimentary servers who come by and give you extra water, coffee and tea, take care of the Mexicans first and then might come by your table if you are white. The attitude of the Mexicans in our area is downright arrogance.
We had two Mexican work crews install a sprinkler system in our yard and new carpet in our house. Both jobs were poorly done and when I tried to get them to correct the problems, they became angry and would not repair it to our satisfaction. We finally had to contact the owners to come out and repair the poor workmanship. As a result, we have determined not to use Mexican labor again, and will pay more for white or black work crews.
I have written my U.S. congressman and senator as well as President Bush about the problems with Mexican immigration on our borders, and none will touch it. President Bush’s love affair with the Spanish culture is the primary reason for the current non-attention to our border problems with Mexico.
The illegals are destroying our medical and education system in Texas by driving up costs for free medical care. If you are self-employed, as I am, medical insurance is unaffordable. We were talking to a young couple last night who are dropping their medical coverage because it is too expensive and doesn’t cover most of their medical costs—they end up paying for moBt of the costs, so why pay the hefty premiums?
When I began my career with a corporation in Fort Worth, Texas, they paid for our family medical cover-
age, and our out-of-pocket expenses were practically nothing. Those days are gone due primarily to out-ofcontrol immigration problems.
Americans had better wake up and control our border, or we will find that Mexico has invaded our nation for keeps. For all practical purposes, the Rio Grande Valley in Texas is already the territory of Mexico. We used to vacation in Big Bend National Park, but it is no longer safe due to Mexican thugs (gangs) preying on American tourists.
I am a life-long Republican, but I will tell you that I will vote for a Democrat who will do something about illegal immigration. George Bush is more concerned about protecting the borders of Iraq than about protecting our own borders.
A.M.
Dallas, TX
Dear Editor:
I am very grateful to know about your organization and know that there are other Americans out there who think that illegal immigration is a crime and should result in deportation. Illegals are not here to support America or her people. They are here just for the money.
I can’t say that about all of them, but a great majority.
I live in Provo, Utah, also known as Happy Valley. That is its nickname because the Mormon people who founded it had very high standards, and a sense of community. It is not so happy anymore. We now have gangs, drugs, and graffiti like never before in Provo’s history. The illegal immigrants and some of the legals are hurting what its original founders and the community have worked so hard to accomplish. They take jobs for kids my age who are in their late teens. They live together in houses with more than one family. They have played music until 1 o’clock in the morning. And my little sister can’t walk down the street without someone older than her for fear of getting raped or getting taken advantage of by a Mexican gang.
My mom says that it is not safe for her, but she calls me a “bigot” when I suggest they shouldn’t be here. It is not just Mexican gangs that scare my mom. But it is a big part of it.
We now have a Mexican mart and a Hispanic cultural center in Provo. Things like that just invite more of them to come into our country and make things worse. At school we have some announcements in Spanish, and no one bothers to translate them into English. We can’t criticize them at school because they get offended. But if one of them calls us a “white boy” or a “cracker,” we cannot complain.
The question that is on my mind all of the time is, “If these people want a better life, why don’t they try to create one in their home country?” If the tables were
Augutt/feepteinber 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Continued on Page 8 Page 7
Letters —Continued from page 7
turned, and 1 lived in the worst country in the world, I would trv as hard as I could to make it better.
N.L.
Provo, UT
Dear Editor:
Everyone keeps saying illegals will do work that Americans won't do. 1 don’t think there would be a problem if employers paid higher wages.
Another possibility is something I’ve seen here in my area. Some of the potato shippers are hiring minimum-security inmates to do the work. They get wages which they can use to buy items at the commissary or put into savings for when they are released. This idea should work for both county and state correctional institutions, and eliminate some of the supposed need to hire illegal aliens.
A.O.
I
Dear Editor:
I am a current INS official, and I thank you for endorsing legislation which would stop the madness. I spent ten years on the border, and I am currently assigned to South Florida. I know that you have probably heard nightmare stories regarding immigration and the current state of affairs. I am writing to tell you that it is 1000 times worse than what you think. We have been overrun, plain and simple. I read a newspaper quote saying that about eight million illegals are in the U.S. I honestly think it’s a lot more.
As bad as things are on the border, they are worse in South Florida. We actually pay taxpayer money to bring illegals into South Florida. Are you familiar with Cuban refugee benefits? They include: a lump-sum cash assistance within a week or two of arrival, Medicaid benefits, food stamps, job training, housing assistance, seven year tax exempt status, and a bunch of other free stuff.
It gets worse. The majority of these Cubans are criminals. I kid you not. Within one year of arrival, at least 60 percent or more will have been arrested by law enforcement in Florida for every type of crime. I know this because I see them in the jails when I do jail check looking for criminal aliens. Think about it. We use taxpayers’ money to subsidize criminals from a foreign country; I kind of thought we had enough of our own criminals here.
Perhaps you’ve heard about Cuban alien smuggling. Well it’s a relatively new thing, with a price per alien of between $6,000 to $8,000. Where do poor Cubans come up with this kind of money? They don’t; they pay their smuggler after they get their money from Uncle Sam. Hard to believe that someone who illegally enters into the U.S. and has never worked a day in the U.S. can immediately begin collecting benefits. If you know any people in South Florida, ask them if they have heard about the money that Cubans get upon arrival.
INS Official South Florida
PRICE REDUCED
America Balkanized
Immigration’s Challenge to Government by Brent Nelson Hardback, 187 pages
Was $9.00 — Now $7.00 (price includes shipping)
Send check or money order to: AIC Foundation PO Box 525 Monterey, VA 24465
Immigration Watch
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
JUL 88 MB
KLAN WATCH