Febrary/March 2003
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
For a Nation of Americana
Mexico Pushes Amnesty in U.S.
Jorge Castaneda, Mexico’s foreign minister, said that his government is beginning a “bottom-up campaign” to influence Americans to support amnesty (legal residency) for the three-and-a-half-million Mexican illegal aliens now residing in the United States. The Mexican foreign minister said that the campaign would focus on American labor unions, churches, universities, and Mexican communities in the U.S.
Castaneda added, “What’s important is that American society sees a possible migratory agreement [i.e. amnesty] in a positive light. We are already giving instructions to our consulates that they begin propagating militant activities—in their communities.” The foreign minister did not elaborate on what he meant by “militant activities.”
The U.S. ambassador to Mexico, Tony Garza, said that amnesty for a significant number of Mexican illegal aliens is a top priority of the Bush administration. He maintained that such a program would not involve the offer of citizenship to the recipients, but added that it might “be sought as part of another process, without discrimination.”
Mexicans and other Hispanics demonstrate in Washington. Mexico wants more activism in U.S. (AP/wideworld)
AIC Opinion Survey Results
During recent months AIC has conducted several surveys of AIC supporters and other concerned Americans on immigration and related topics. The results have been tabulated and sent to key members of Congress and the media. The following are some of the results of the surveys.
National Security
2.	Do you support development of a computer database to track all foreign visitors to the United States? Yes, 96 percent; No, zero percent; No opinion, four percent.
3.	Do you support stricter standards for driver’s licenses and identity card issuance? Yes, 95 percent; No, one percent; Not sure, four percent.
1. Do you support increased security and background checks for foreign visa applicants? Yes, 93 percent; No, one percent; No opinion, six percent.
In This Issue	
Editor's View			■Ui&i/gSAjjfl	........ Page 2
Immigration News Brief*		Page 3
Washington Report			Page 4
Letters to the Editor	|			Page 7
Illegal Immigration
1.	Do you support amnesty (legal residence) for illegal aliens? No, 92 percent; Yes, three percent, Not sure, five percent.
2.	Should the U.S. significantly increase the size of the Border Patrol? Yes, 96 percent; No, zero percent; Not sure, four percent.
Editor’s View
What Can I Do?
“Just what can one person do?” Often people call AIC and ask this question, with respect to immigration reform. Sometimes, quite frankly, it seems that the caller is asking the question as a defeatist excuse for doing nothing. What can one person do? Here are some suggestions.
First, develop the proper mental outlook. Motivate yourself with patriotic understanding. Read genuine American history and learn that the pursuit of cheap labor, cheap votes and “diversity” is not what made America great. Read what the Founding Fathers said about the dangers of excessive immigration and realize—contrary to the modern claim—that the heedless, unending admission of huddled masses is not what America is all about.
In the words of Alexander Hamilton, “The safety of a republic depends essentially on the energy of a common national sentiment... on the exemption of the citizens from foreign bias.... The influx of foreigners must, therefore, tend to produce a heterogeneous compound; to change and corrupt the national spirit.”
One consequence of such corruption is loss of freedom. Diversity within a common culture can be beneficial. But when immigration-fueled multiculturalism destroys common values, only the force of the state can hold the divided populations together. Liberty diminishes as that force grows. The cultural Marxists—who guide the multicultural movement—understand this relationship quite well. They long for the day when they can enforce politically correct tyranny on America. Mass immigration is their weapon of choice to divide and conquer.
To understand this threat to liberty is a grand motivation. To reform immigration policy is to stand for American freedom. It is living today the proud heritage begun by Patrick Henry and the Minutemen.
The next step of mental attitude is faith in success. Don’t listen to naysayers who moan that all is lost. No one can predict the future except to make the prediction that a defeatist attitude guarantees defeat. A year-and-a-half ago, mass amnesty for illegal aliens looked like a sure bet. Now it’s stalled and may
Immigration Watch Is published by Americans (or Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 736, Monterey, VA 24465. Telephone: (540) 468-2023. John Vinson, Editor. To serve Its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints In Its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch Is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation. Website: www.lmmlgrationcontrol.com.
ultimately fail. The terrorism of 9/11 played a big part in stopping amnesty, but so did activism by reformers.
Giving up is un-American.
Our spirit is a “can do” spirit.
Second, with your positive attitude, take action. The most essential and necessary steps are constantly contacting your congressman and senators.
Call, write, and—if possible—see them in person. Keep contacting them on a variety of issues related to immigration. Some AIC members seem to think that AIC can carry the whole load in Washington, but this is not true. The success of our lobbying will be limited if the politicians don’t feel pressure from the grassroots. And do it even if your congressman and senators are the likes of Ted Kennedy. Even the worst of them may yield some ground if the outcry is sufficient.
The next step is informing your fellow citizens and encouraging them to put the heat on Washington. There are many ways. Talk to family members and friends. If someone isn’t interested, don’t worry about it. Just move on to someone who is. Write letters to editors. If the editor is politically correct and won’t publish it, call him up—and ask him to practice the tolerance that he preaches.
Another avenue to pursue is speaking before civic clubs, fraternal groups and veterans’ organizations. Members are often the movers of their communities. Contact their program chairmen, and volunteer to speak. It would be helpful if you could designate
Continued on Page 5
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$2.00 for 7 copies or $5.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC * PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to charge your Visa or MasterCard
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN SUCH A Pl-SQUSTINS RACIST?/'
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
DURING ITS LAME DUCK SESSION, the Senate removed pro-immigration provisions from the Department of Homeland Security bill. These provisions, authored by Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-MA), would have reduced the power of Congress to restrict immigration by making U. S. immigration law subservient to U.N. conventions and treaties with foreign countries. Kennedy also proposed to repeal the 1996 reform of asylum law which helped stem the tide of fraudulent asylum claims. Capitol Hill observers said that pressure from immigration reform activists brought about deletion of the Kennedy provisions.
REP. TOM TANCREDO (R-CO), head of the House Immigration Reform Caucus, criticized both political parties for lack of serious efforts to stop illegal immigration. “Democrats want [illegal immigration] for votes ," the Colorado congressman charged, “(and] Republicans want it tor cheap labor *
Tancredo won re-election by a landslide margin of nearly 70 percent of the vote. His victory came in spite of a barrage of negative press coverage which attacked Tancredo for suggesting that the Immigration and Natu-
f’ebrusry/Mari’b 2003
ralization Service look into the case of a self-admitted illegal alien from Mexico who was seeking in-state college tuition. Alien advocates raised the cry of “racism.”
Of his election victory, Tancredo said, “It tells me that the issues that I tried to advance are issues that should be advanced. . .. I’m hoping my collegues in Congress will look at this and see you can take chances, and [voters] will not punish you.”
SOME REPUBLICAN STRATEGISTS MAINTAINED that the November elections supported the Bush administration’s pro-immigration stance with respect to attracting Hispanic voters. They noted that New York Gov. George Pataki got an estimated 30 to 50 percent of Hispanic votes.
But two other governors’ races in key states pointed to a different conclusion. In California, Democrat Gov. Gray Davis received between 65 to 71 percent of the Hispanic vote against 19 to 24 percent for his Republican challenger Bill Simon, according to the William C. Velasquez Institute, which conducted exit polls follow-
Continued on Page 6* Page 3
IMMIGRATION WA IT II
Washington Report
A Supremacist Press Conference
If the pundits and organizers of the Republican Party think that the new immigrant citizens will register as Republicans, they are deceiving themselves, damaging their party and hurting the country. No matter what President Bush and his political guru Karl Rove promise Mexico’s President Fox. legalizing millions of illegal Mexican aliens in America will backfire on the Republican Party. This is exactly what the supremacist Latino organizers are counting on.
At a post-election press briefing in Washington, D.C.. sponsored by the radical leftist National Immigration Forum, Clarissa Martinez de Castro, director of state and local policy for the National Council of La Raza (i.e., “The Race”), boldly proclaimed the Latino position on newly sworn-in Latino-American citizens: “A new Latino voter means a new Democratic voter. That’s what this election showed. The Latino voters in Colorado defeated Proposition 31.” (Prop. 31 would have stopped bilingual education.)
The host/moderator of the National Immigration Forum (NIF) was its executive director, Frank Sharry, who warned President Bush to do what the militant Latino leaders want or face serious consequences. Sham- said that “Over the next two years a lot will
happen-----If Bush doesn’t act positively for the
Latino community we will see a replay of the 2000 election.” The open border crowd at the NIF pressbriefing spoke confidently of their plan to demand that Bush and Congress pass another amnesty bill for the three to five million Mexicans illegally in America.
Larry Gonzalez, D.C. director of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials, said that, “We’re very optimistic about the gains we
made in the ’02 election---Latino candidates made
historic gains ... nationally we have 13 new Latino legislators ... In Nevada, the first Hispanic attorney general was elected.” He added that his group has a “simple formula” for activating Latinos to vote: “Education and information equals [sic] participation.” Larry Gonzalez complained that the “INS has not served the Latino community very well. We believe that the 2004 election will be significant to [measure] if both parties live up to their promises.”
The next speaker was Andres Gonzalez, executive director of the Democratic National Committee’s (DNC) Hispanic Outreach Project. 1 detected just a bit of sarcasm in his voice with his opening remark, “It will be interesting to see if the White House will help the Latino community." He was pleased to announce that the Democrats increased the l^atino caucus in the House of Representatives by three, and he gloated
over the fact that the Democrat Latino,
Richardson, won the governor’s race in New Mexico by taking 72 percent of the Latino vote over the Republican Latino, Sanchez. He added that, “Overall, the Democrats got an overwhelming majority of the Latino vote—70 percent plus throughout the country. We were	by	Robert	H.	Goldsborough
confident where we went	President,	AIC
after new voters among
the Latinos that we would get a big majority of their vote. The historic partnership between the Democratic Party and Latinos continued in 2002. The Republican Party will not help the Latinos the way the Democrats will.”
It didn’t take a leap of faith to understand the veiled meaning of Andres Gonzalez’s message: “The Democratic Party will give away much more to the Latinos for their vote than will the Republican Party.” Totally lost on these radical Latino activist leaders and their Democrat Party comrades is the challenge to all citizens offered by the late Democrat President John F. Kennedy when he said, “Ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country.”
NIFs press-briefing tried to give the impression of non-partisanship with a spokesman from the Republican National Committee (RNC), Randy Fernandez, the party’s Director of Grass Roots Development. Fernandez repeatedly apologized for the Republican Party not having done enough for Latino voters in the party, and added, “We are committed to working with Hispanic voters, and we will gradually pick up Latino voters. We have made great strides ... Florida’s Governor, Jeb Bush, received 51 percent of the Puerto Rican votes and New York’s Gov. Pataki garnered a large number of Hispanic votes. In Colorado, Republican Gov. Owens received 51 percent of Hispanic votes ... The White House and the RNC have made it clear that we will work to get the Latino vote." Owens eked out his minuscule Latino majority by opposing Proposition 31 which mandated English language education.
Cecilia Munoz, vice president of La Raza's National Council, said thut education is the Latino’s primary
Continued on Page 5
Pag* 4
IMMIGRATION WATCH
February/March 2003
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
During t he nineties, an average of 300,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Columbia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 285 million will rise to 400 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 519 million.
Pr€SS Conference—Continued from Page 4
issue and complained that, “Neither party in this last election spoke to the Latino community about educational plans for them. We think there will be at least one million new Latino voters by the 2004 elections. They want a drastic reform of the immigration law ... President Bush said in the past that he was committed to helping three million Mexicans in the U.S. to achieve regular status [i.e., amnesty for illegal Mexican aliens]. We must hold the president to that promise.
“Since the 1986 immigration reform law was passed we have a much stronger coalition working to help the immigration community—we have big labor and big business on our side.” (Labor union bosses see illegal immigrants as a way to boost union membership and dues; big business uses illegal as well as legal immigrants to reduce labor costs at the expense of American workers.)
The overwhelming attitude of these self-appointed militant Latino leaders was how to grab more political power at all levels of government—federal, state, and local—and how to use the Democrat Party to fulfill the demands of the far-left Latino leadership.
Some of the speakers acknowledged that the 9/11 terrorist attacks temporarily delayed the Latino agenda, especially amnesty for the three to five
million Mexicans already illegally in the U.S. But I did not hear anyone express concern over the threat that foreign terrorists create for America’s security and safety.
Nor did I hear any speaker express concern and sorrow for the INS Border Patrol officers and U.S. Park Rangers who have been murdered by Mexican gangsters, Mexican drug smugglers, Mexican soldiers, or Mexican federal police. I did not hear any one of the speakers condemn the taking of American lives and the wanton destruction of American farm and ranch property by the millions of Mexicans sneaking across the border. Never once did I hear any speaker extol the virtues of duty, honor, and patriotism. Never once did I hear any speaker extol America’s greatness due in part because we are a nation of laws held to together by one language and one culture.
What I heard was NIPs Frank Sharry and the other speakers express veiled threats if the Latino leaders didn’t get their way.
Clearly, these militant Hispanic leaders are intent on seizing control of the Democrat Party and of the American political process for their own selfish ends.
All Americans, including patriotic Hispanic-Americans citizens, will suffer if the supremacist agenda prevails.
What Can I do?—Continued from Page 2
yourself as a member of a local reform group. If you do not feel capable of speaking, contact AIC, and we will try to locate a speaker in your area who can come. Whatever the case, we highly recommend a presentation which would include showing AIC’s new 10-minute video, Harder Out of Control. Its images of illegal aliens trooping across the border express better
than words the reality of a disappearing border. (Order from AIC, price: $7.50).
Many people complain about the destructive effects of mass immigration, but do nothing. The vested interests behind it see this inaction and smile. They are counting on Americans to be lazy and apathetic. Let’s all do our best to disappoint them.
February/Marcb 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page S
Should We Reward Law-breaking?
At right, Americans demonstrate against, amnesty for illegal aliens. They reflect a growing level of activism on behalf of immigration reform.
Americans are particularly concerned about amnesty because they believe it is improper to reward people who break our laws with legal residence and citizenship.
Illegal alien advocates say that they will stage demonstrations this year on behalf of amnesty. One of their projects is to conduct a “Freedom Ride” to Washington D.C. to draw attention to their cause. They claim that they are continuing the legacy of the Civil Rights movement.
News Briefs —Continued From Page 3
ing the 2002 elections. In Texas, the institute found, newly elected GOP Gov. Rick Perry received 10 percent of the Hispanic vote, compared with 87 percent for Democrat challenger Tony Sanchez.
ILLEGAL ALIENS ARE OBTAINING DRIVER’S LICENSES to establish identity in the United States. With a bogus identity, as The Washington Times reported. “it is much easier [for illegals] to ... obtain government welfare state benefits.” As one example, the Times added, licenses help illegals “take from the [Social Security] system.” Easy access to licenses, charge critics of the policy, also weakens security against terrorism.
Immigration reform activists in a number of states have pressured their state governments to maintain strict licensing procedures. Bowing to public demand in his state, California Gov. Gray Davis vetoed legislation in October to relax license rules. He cited concern about terrorism as the primary reason for his decision.
IMMIGRANTS DISPROPORTIONATELY BENEFIT FROM THE EARNED INCOME TAX CREDIT (EITC), a public assistance program which gives money to working families below certain income levels, usually based on the number of their children. Researcher Edwin Rubenstein found that, “Immigrants account for 10.4 percent of the U.S. population, but receive 20.9 percent of all EITC benefits, or an estimated $6.7 billion in 2001." The reason for the higher use among immigrants is that they tend to be poorer than U.S. natives and have larger families.
Only people with legal work status in the U.S. are supposed to be eligible for EITC. But illegal aliens make use of it as well. A loophole allows foreign-born people to claim EITC payments based on tax returns for up to three years before they receive legal work status. Also, illegal aliens can benefit from EITC on the basis of the number of American born children thsy have. Rubenstein noted that, “The 1KB does little to verify the
claim that such children actually exist_Many immi-
grants claim non-existent children, or claim children left behind with relatives.” The Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies estimates that 39.4 percent of Mexican illegal aliens who file tax returns (about two-thirds of the total) receive EITC payments.
Following the 1996 welfare reform legislation, immigrants’ use of federal welfare programs decreased, although most states restored the benefits that Washington cut. The 1996 reforms, however, did not cover EITC, and immigrants, Rubenstein found, are using it at an increasing rate.
CONGRESS HAS GRANTED SEVEN AMNESTIES TO ILLEGAL ALIENS SINCE 1986, reported NumbersUSA, an immigration control organization in Washington D.C. The first and largest amnesty in 1986 granted legal status and the eventual right to apply for citizenship to 2.7 million illegal aliens. Supporters of that amnesty said it would be a one-time only offer, never to be repeated again.
But between 1994 and 2000, Congress passed six more amnesties which legalized a total of approximately three million illegal aliens. As amnesties have legalized illegal aliens, a steady flow of more illegal entrants have followed them. Today, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, 8.7 million foreigners reside illegally in the United States.
SENATOR TRENT LOTT (R-MS) TOLD COMMENTATOR BILL O’REILLY on the O’Reilly Factor (11/7/02) that the U.S. should deploy military forces to help the Border Patrol regain control of the border. O’Reilly asked, “Why not back up the Border Patrol with the military, whether it is National Guard or straight troops? Why not do it?"
l>ott: “Well, 1 think we should do it." O’Reilly: “Do you really?” Lott: “Oh, absolutely.” The senator added, “This is not only a porous border in terms of illegal aliens. It is also a porous border in terms of drugs."
Page 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Februarv/March 2003
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
1 migrated from India to the United States six years ago after waiting my turn for 12 years, and now I’m a proud U.S. citizen. I had to wait from 1984 to 1996 for my turn. 1 was growing increasingly restless. In 1993,1 thought of coming here illegally, but my aunt told me, “If you go there illegally, you will be a law-breaker, and the only place for law-breakers is in jail.” She said she would turn me over to the INS.
My beloved fellow Americans, I can’t believe what our President Bush is doing to our country by proposing to reward illegal aliens instead of kicking them out of our country. Everyday when I go to bed, or I get up in the morning, or any other time, I have only one question in my mind: “Is America going to be America in five to ten years from now?”
Two more questions: Why is the government rewarding illegal aliens? And was I stupid in waiting so many years in line to come here?
N.B.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I am particularly concerned about immigration as a Californian. Our state is the fruit, dairy and vegetable capitol of the nation, with a lot of cotton too. Our farmers need labor and look to contractors to find it. These are usually Mexicans, often illegals which is not news to you.
But this is only a short-term solution. They tell children, “Don’t work in the fields,” so they find other work. Now the farmers again need more workers. California and other agricultural states act as a huge vacuum sucking up workers from Mexico. Their children and/or grandchildren buy homes on former farmlands, close to where their families are. Our farmland is quickly disappearing. Because the real estate is inexpensive, it even attracts Californians from cities. The area around Fresno is an example. For a few years now, it has been one of the fastest growing areas of the country. In another generation, well be importing more and more agricultural products.
Perhaps the immigration reform movement could gain support from large agricultural organizations by re-instituting a guest worker program. Before World War 11 we had agricultural workers from the Philippines and Japan who worked for a certain contract time, after which they returned. They were not allowed to bring their wives. This is still practiced by Basque sheepherd-ers in the Sierras. I don’t know how well this would work, though, with an open border with Mexico.
C.F.
Visalia, CA
Editor’s Note'. A guest worker program could not work without an effective internal enforcement of immigration laws by the Immigration and Naturalization Service. Otherwise, guestworkers could simply remain after their terms expire. The INS is not up to the task now. Also a guestworker program would need safeguards to protect opportunities and wages of American farm workers. Finally, such a program should not hold out the possibility of eventual citizenship. Genuine guests should return home.
Dear Editor:
I live in Tucson, Arizona, and I am faced with the flooding of Mexican and Latino illegals every day. We have one of the highest car theft rates in the country. The medical trauma centers here have huge bills left unpaid by the illegals, but they are forced by law to take them. These people are bringing and spreading disease in this country. Tuberculosis, almost eradicated in this country, is one example.
My wife and I work as volunteers at a hospital here, and we are required to get annual TB tests to curtail its spread. And yet, my wife caught this disease from patients at the hospital.
R.L.
Tucson, AZ
Dear Editor:
I am an employee recruiter, specializing in information technology (IT). It has come to my attention that many large companies in Southern California are abusing the expanded H-1B visa program for technology workers.
There are thousands of unemployed (IT) workers here in Southern California, yet some local corporations continue to import programmers from the Indian subcontinent using the H-1B program. These imported programmers frequently are paid about half of what an American worker or green card holder would command in a fair market place.
Furthermore, these programmers frequently do not have the specific skill set that the company is nominally seeking. They are trained in the specific technologies only after they have arrived. There are thousands of American IT workers who could easily do those jobs with the same training.
R.M.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
My grandparents came to Kansas City from Mexico in the early 1900s, and I’m very glad they did. I enjoy being able to cross into two cultures, two countries, and
Continued on Page 8
February/March 2003
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 7
Book Review
The Lies of Liberalism
The Lies of Liberalism is a well-documented refutation of the “politically correct” version of liberalism that is undermining and destroying Western societies. The author, an Australian, could not publish his work in Australia because of “politically correct” pressure on his livelihood. To circumvent this intolerance he decided to post his work on the Internet and—without charge— make his views available worldwide.
While offering intellectual depth and insight, The Lies of Liberalism is quite readable. The author writes with passion and confidence. His scorn for trendy conformity is refreshing.
Mr. Knight believes that the source of Western problems is spiritual. Basically, the West’s religious faith is not strong enough to resist social decay. As a conservative Christian, Mr. Knight vigorously defends his faith
Letters—Continued from page 7
two languages. It’s someting that many early immigrants from European and other countries lost because of distance, and the slowdown of immigration from those countries.
Mexican immigrants are helping our economy. I don’t know any on food stamps. [Editor’s note: A recent study by the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies found that 32 percent of Mexican immigrants receive some form of welfare.] They love Mexico and only come here for the money.
I don’t think that you should use the American flag for your AIC symbol because you do not stand for what
and argues that its renewal is essential for Western renewal. His Christianity is not the soft and sentimental kind preached in many churches today.
After faith, Knight maintains that renewal of the traditional family is crucial. He focuses on radical feminism and homosexual advocacy as the movements most destructive to wholesome family life. Weaving scientific research and sound logic, he makes strong cases against both.
Knight also takes up the topics of multiculturalism and mass immigration. These, he argues, are the means conceived by the politically correct to administer final destruction of the West. Knight calls on Christians and patriots to stand in the gap against this evil design.
The website address of The Lies of Liberalism is www. Chris - Knight. net.
is truly american. A true American is someone who does not try to deceive other Americans into thinking that people who come to this country is [sic] out to destroy this country.
There are too many of us Hispanics, and our numbers are increasing every day. Soon you will be the minority, and that is your greatest fear. You should not put pictures of your leaders on your website. The look to ugly, skinny and old. That is why they do not want beautiful people in this country.
G.H.
Cyberspace
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24463
Robert H. Golds borough, President
Capitol Hill Office:
725 2nd Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20002 (202)543-3719
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
John Vinson, Editor, Immigration Watch
Editorial & Administrative Offices: 738 Main Street Monterey, VA 24465 (540) 468-2023 www.immigrationcontrol.com
Dear IMMIGRATION WATCH Reader,
Please don’t delay: complete and return the enclosed Emergency Survey on Driver’s Licenses for Illegal Aliens today.
As reported in the latest issue of Immigration Watch, politicians in many states are
still scheming to give driver’s licenses to illegal aliens.
And there’s a whole lot more at stake here than just driving. A driver’s license is the primary means of identification throughout our nation. It’s virtual citizenship. A driver’s license opens the door for illegal aliens to...
■	Take More of YOUR Tax Dollars: As The Washington Times points out, “With a valid driver’s license, it is much easier to... obtain government welfare-state benefits.” The Times also notes that giving illegal aliens a driver’s licenses “makes it easier for them to take from the [Social Security] system.”
■	Cancel Out YOUR Vote: Under the disastrous “Motor Voter” law, anyone signing up for a driver’s license can register to vote. In some states, drivers are automatically registered. And many states are now adopting “same-day registration” — allowing anyone with a valid ID — such as a driver’s license — to register to vote on Election Day with no questions asked.
■	Plot and Execute Deadly Terrorist Strikes: Minnesota Public Safety commissioner Charlie Weaver offers this chilling warning: “A driver’s license is a gateway to guns, airplanes, pilot schools, checking accounts and credit cards.” In other words... a gateway to terrorism.
Responsible leaders in Congress are pushing a proposal to require driver’s license applicants to show proof of legal residence in the U.S. They need our support. They need clear proof—proof we can provide through final Emergency Survey results — that citizens like you oppose this new perk for illegal aliens.
So please complete your Survey and return it to me today along with your most generous extra gift of $15, $25 or even $50 or $100 to help Americans for Immigration Control (AIC) STOP driver’s licenses for aliens schemes.
Your support is critical, because you stand to lose a lot if illegal aliens are given driver’s licenses. Here’s what’s at stake for you:
■	YOUR MONEY: A report by the U.S. General Accounting Office revealed that just two welfare programs dole out $1.1 billion a year to illegal aliens. That’s money that should be used for vour Social Security and Medicare. But a state-issued ID like a
(over, please...)
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc.
EMERGENCY SURVEY
on Driver's Licenses for liiegai Aliens
Assigned to:	Survey	Number:
01398844 Q3BC03
mSmuenONS: Please answer the following questions about new schemes to reward illegal aliens with virtual citizenship through driver’s licenses. Then, return your Survey to IMMIGRATION WATCH in the enclosed envelope as soon as possible.
1.	Do you support or oppose giving driver’s licenses to illegal aliens?
□	SUPPORT □ OPPOSE □ UNDECIDED
2.	Do you think Congress should immediately pass legislation requiring driver’s license applicants to show proof of legal residence in the U.S.?
I	□	YES	□	NO	□	UNDECIDED
3.	Do you believe Congress should take steps to stop widespread voter fraud that is worsened by schemes such as illegal alien driver’s licenses?
□	YES	□	NO	□	UNDECIDED
4.	Are you concerned that, as The Washington Times reports, obtaining a driver’s license makes it easier for illegal aliens to rake in welfare handouts and Social Security benefits?
□	YES	□	NO	□	UN DECIDEDv.
5.	The Bergen Record of New Jersey reports that having driver’s licenses made it easier for the 9/11 terrorists to plot and execute their deadly attacks. Do you believe giving driver’s licenses to illegal aliens — including the estimated 115,000 Middle Easterners hiding out in our country illegally — jeopardizes America’s national security?
a	YES	□	NO	□	UNDECIDED
•* Will you support AIC in mobilizing public support AGAINST illegal alien driver’s licenses and FOR legislation to end this dangerous pro-alien scheme?
0 YES, enclosed Is my contribution of:
O I IB	Q	$26	Q	$50	□	$100 U Other $____________________
Flease make your check payable lo AIC and mum it along with this survey in the envelope provided to;
F.O. Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465-0738.
If you wish to contribute via credit card, please complete the inf ormation on the back.
AU wiU lift your contribution to lidp move Congress lo action lo STOP illegal immigration and REDUCK uncontrolled legal immigration t onlilbuLions to citizen advocacy groups such as Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated arc not las-deductible.