October/November 2005
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
Border Patrol Forced to Release Illegal *OTMs9
New reports compiled by Immigration Watch show that the U.S. Border Patrol has apprehended growing mumbers of illegal migrants from countries other than Mexico— commonly called OTMs—including aliens from terrorist havens in the Middle East.
That number is projected to reach about 150,000 by the end of the fiscal year. That’s a 200 percent increase compared w ith fiscal 2004, according to the Border Patrol. And under the system referred to as “catch and release,” more than 70 percent of these OTMs were set free almost immediately into America because of a lack of detention facilities.
What this means for American citizens is a lack of security—especially in light of new warnings on the increasing threat of terrorists infiltrating our southern border. “Recent information from ongoing investigations... strongly suggests that al Qaeda has considered using the Southwest border to infiltrate the United States,” former Homeland Security Deputy Secretary James Loy said in testimony before Congress earlier this year. “Several al Qaeda leaders believe operatives can pay their way into the country through Mexico.**
Under the current “catch and release” policy, foreign terrorists won’t even have to pay to infiltrate the country. Given the huge numbers of OTMs who sneak across our borders each year, there’s an excellent chance would-be terrorists won’t even be caught trying to jump the border. If they are caught, they usually are released after being given “notice to appear” paperwork (often referred to by fed-up border agents as a “notice to disappear”) that allows them to travel freely in the U.S. through the time they are to return for deportation.
And surprise, surprise—most illegal aliens don’t keep their word. Only about 15 percent of those who receive “notice to appear” letters, ever actually show up. Records indicate some Texas Border Patrol sectors face no-show rates as high as 98 percent.
The “catch and release” program is as absurd as it is dangerous. According to Rep. Henry Bonilla (R-TX), “Many illegal immigrants are freely giving themselves up to the
In This Issue	
Editor’s View		Page 2
immigration News Briefs						Page 3
Washington Report	Page 6
Letter* to the Editor ,>,*,'**'*****<»**»A<wm*i-1		Page 7
Masked man illegally crosses Arizona border.
Border Patrol and... seeking out agents so they can receive the papers to legally enter the United States.”
What’s more, according to Rep. Bonilla, “Terrorists can take advantage of this policy by posing as persons of South American descent and easily enter the United States.” Indeed, law-enforcement officials tell of people claiming to be from South or Central America being released although they don’t speak Spanish.
And in an absolute slap in the face to the brave men and women who protect our borders, law enforcement officers are even required to take released OTMs to the local bus station so they can catch a ride to almost anywhere in the U.S.—usually never to be heard from again.
“It’s ridiculous that we don’t take this more seriously,"
says one border agent who must remain anonymous for fear of losing his job. “We’re told not to say a thing to the media.” You can be sure Immigration Watch and its publisher, Americans for Immigration Control, are taking this grave threat seriously. With the generous support of its members, AIC is alerting as many Americans as possible to this dangerous immigration loophole, and exerting intense pressure on Congress to take decisive action to secure our
borders and end the “catch and release" fiasco before it s
too late to stop the next terrorist strike against America
Editor’s View
Congress Plots Phoney ‘Reform ’
Major immigration legislation is moving in Congress. It calls for close watching. Public anger against mass immigration, legal and illegal, has registered—even in out-of-touch Washington. Some of our congressmen have heard this cry for reform and want to do the right thing. Others want to keep doing the wrong thing. They plot to deflect popular outrage by mislabeling their legislative shenanigans as “reform.'*
Exhibit A is the Ted Kennedy/John McCain “reform” act in die Senate. Stripped of its pretense, this measure proposes to stop illegal immigration by simply declaring it legal. It offers amnesty to the estimated eight to 12 million illegal aliens living in the U.S., provided they are willing to pay minimal slap-on-the-wrist fines. They first get
I amnesty as “guest workers” and then they can apply for permanent residence and eventually citizenship. As citizens they can legally bring in their relatives, although many will send for relatives illegally as soon as they get amnesty.
The Ted Kennedy/John McCain ‘reform’ act... proposes to stop illegal immigration by simply declaring it legal.
The bill offers little except promises in the way of added enforcement to stop future illegal immigration. It also proposes a significant increase in legal immigration, already at record-breaking levels.
The two authors of this legislation personify the bipartisan “axis of evil” behind mass immigration. Kennedy, the Democrat, wants immigration for cheap votes; McCain, the Republican, wants it for cheap labor.
Another major bill in the Senate, the Jon Kyl/John Comyn legislation, is an improvement over Kennedy/ McCain, but is still a mixed bag. This measure does not grant formal amnesty to illegals and requires them to go home. Still, it proposes to reward them—after the fashion of amnesty—with a five-year grace period before they have to leave. On the positive side, it proposes to put teeth in immigration law enforcement to help ensure that illegals will do what the law requires, while serving notice to all that we will guard our border and police our interior.
The bill, nevertheless, would establish a guest worker program for foreigners who apply from their home countries. One of many problems with such programs, as
Immigration Watch is published by American# tor Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 730, Monterey, VA 24466. John Vineon, Editor. To serve He educational rotation, AtC presents differing viewpoints m Ms publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in die nation.
seen around the world, is that guest workers seldom go home. In this country, under current interpretation of the law, any child bom here is an American citizen. Would we require guest workers with citizen children to go home?
The Kyl/Comyn bill doesn’t address this issue.
Instead of guest worker programs, we need to focus on ways to avoid dependence on cheap foreign labor, the consequence of which is to turn America into a low-wage society. Labor shortages have a beneficial side of stimulating higher wages, thus creating jobs Americans want to do, and encouraging mechanization of jobs. With respect to the latter, we should encourage development of farm machinery to harvest crops instead of relying on endless streams of foreign labor. Kyl/Comyn, unfortunately, offers no such incentives.
If we must have some kind of guest worker program, it should not begin until we have a reformed enforcement system in place and working. Promises are not enough, as immigration reformers have seen the alienist lobbies sabotage effective enforcement for nearly the past two decades. Rep. Tom Delay (R-TX), majority leader of the House, is correct in stating that no major overhaul of immigration should proceed until we have laws with a proven bite.
Key votes on immigration, following the outlines of one or both of the above mentioned bills, may come up this fall or early next year. The task for immigration reformers simply is this: Contact your representative and senators and express total opposition to Kennedy/McCain. It is immigration “deform,” not reform. Then support the enforcement provisions of Kyl/Comyn, urging that they phase in before any other provisions. (See information on page five.) Don’t delay, take action.
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$3.00 for 10 copies $6.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC • PO Box 738 • Monterey, VA 24465 Phone 540-468-2023 Website: www.immigratloncontrol.com
by John C. Vinson Editor
October/Noveinber 2005
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER TOM DELAY (R-TX) said that Congress should not consider a guest worker program until it enacts enforcement to ensure that guest workers will obey our immigration laws. As reported by The Washington Times (7/21/05), “Mr. Delay said ! . . the government has to prove it can enforce immigration laws before voters will be willing to accept a guest-worker program.” Delay stated that he supports a guest worker plan, but one open only to foreigners who apply from their home countries. A leading guest worker bill now before the House, H.R. 2330, would allow illegal aliens now in the U.S. to apply for guest worker status. It is the companion bill to S. 1033, sponsored by Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-MA) and Sen. John McCain (R-AZ).
SEN. JOHN CORNYN (R-TX) AND SEN. JON KYL (R-AZ) have introduced a comprehensive immigration bill, S. 1438, which would establish a guest worker program. Unlike the Kennedy/McCain proposal, it would limit guest worker applications to foreigners applying from their home countries. The measure would require illegal aliens to return home within five years. Once home they could apply to be guest workers. Another provision would require the guest workers' countries to provide them health care and offer incentives for them to return home.
The Kyl/Cornyn bill proposes major steps to increase immigration law enforcement. These include 10,000 more
Border Patrol officers, 10,000 more detention beds, border control technology, and mandatory verification of employees’ legal status through computer checks.
The senators disagree with the view of Rep. Tom Delay (R-TX) that new enforcement should prove its effectiveness before a guest worker program goes into effect. Said Kyi, “We begin . . . enforcement . . . immediately. Also, immediately, we begin a temporary worker program.”
THE BUSH ADMINISTRATION, reported UPI (7/24/ 05), is putting together a coalition called Americans for Border and Economic Security to push for amnesty for illegal aliens and a guest worker program. “Strategists,” said the account, “will attempt to bring Hispanic businesses and immigration advocates into the Republican fold while marginalizing hardliners in the party.”
Membership in the coalition will cost between $50,000 and $250,000. Leaders of the group are former Republican National Committee chairman Ed Gillespie and tormer Republican Congressman Dick Armey. This effort, said Armey, will appeal to America’s “better angels."
The account added that “Republican strategists worry that tough anti-immigration talk by some in the party is undermining efforts to increase Hispanic membership.
Continued on Page 4
Qetober/Novfsmber 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 3
Book Makes Case for Immigration Reform
America Extinguished: Mass Immigration and the Disintegration of American Culture, by the late Dr. Samuel Francis, addresses immigration with a candor and insight which are as refreshing as they are rare in these times of political correctness. The book, a collection of Francis’ syndicated columns between 1998 and 2000, effectively makes the case that mass immigration threatens the very existence of our country.
Running through all of his arguments is the strength of simple common sense. Says Francis, “You cannot expect to switch populations and demographic majorities through massive immigration ... as the United States has been doing now for some 30 years and not expect also to switch civilizations and symbols that represent them. You cannot expect millions of aliens from one civilization to enter the country, abandon all loyalties and values of their old civilization, and sign up with all of those of the new one they have entered.”
Immigration reform needs to happen, and happen soon. Clear logic must cut through the sentimentalism and self-interest that defend the status quo. Dr. Francis provides that logic.
AIC is now offering America Entinguished at the reduced price of $4.00. Receive a free copy for a contribution to AIC of $20.00 or more. Order from AIC, PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465, or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
America
Extinguished:
Mm f Immigration and the
Disintegration of American Culture
muel T. Francis
Networks Air Exclusive AIC Film Footage
In recent months, both Fox News and Cable News Network (CNN) have aired exclusive film footage provided by AIC. These video sequences graphically depicted the movement of illegal aliens into the United States.
AIC is pleased that our film work is reaching a national audience. Several years ago, we began our film project so that Americans could see, with their own eyes, that illegal immigration is out of control and what it is doing to our country. Indeed it is true that a picture is worth a thousand words.
From our footage AIC has produced several videocassettes dealing with different aspects of the illegal immigration crisis. Ranging in length from ten to twenty minutes, they cover crime, job loss and wage depression for American citizens, costs to U.S. taxpayers, danger to national security and cultural balkanization.
These videos can be an effective educational tool. To see our selection and place an order, go to AIC’s website, www.immigrationcontrol.com, then click on videos in the left hand column.
News Briefs — Continued from Page 3
A CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLYMAN HAS PROPOSED that the state create a “California Border Police,” an agency with the authority to arrest illegal aliens at the border and also enforce immigration law in the interior. The assemblyman, Ray Hayes (R-Temecula), seeks to establish the agency through passage of a state initiative. To put the measure before the voters next June, proponents of the initiative must obtain 598,105 signatures by December
iz.	~
Arguing for his proposal, Hayes observed, ‘The federal government isn’t doing its job. Since California pays a disproportionate share of the cost of illegal immigration, we have to do something about it." The assemblyman estimated that approximately three million illegal aliens live in California.
IN A SPEECH BEFORE IMMIGRANT RIGHTS AC 11 VIS IS in Oakland, California, reported the People's
Daily World, Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-TX) promoted a bill she introduced in the House, H.R. 2092. This measure, which she entitled the “Save America Comprehensive Immigration Act,” would provide a pathway to amnesty for illegal aliens who have lived in the U.S. for five years. This proposal, said Jackson Lee, would “bring millions... out of the shadows.”
Lillian Galedo of Filipinos for Affirmative Action expressed support for the measue and praised the Congressional Black Caucus for “leading... on this issue."
The bill also would increase legal immigration visas, provide special provisions for Haitian and Liberian refugees and asylum-seekers, and prohibit job discrimination based on what the People's Daily World described as “immigration status.” The Texas congresswoman maintained that this kind of “immigration reform” represents a “new civil rights movement of the 21 - century.” She urged the “progressive movement” to support it.
Page 4
IMMIGRATION WATCTI
October/November 2005
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of 200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since the year 2000, an average of500,000 illegal aliens entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of nine million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. Some studies put the total at 12 million or higher.
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immigrants have been I) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
Take Action at Different Levels for Success
Many Americans feel frustrated by out-of-control immigration. They are tired of an indifferent and unresponsive federal government. Unfortunately, this frustration sometimes turns into despair and the attitude of “just give up.”
But giving up makes defeat certain, but determination to continue makes success possible. Winners never quit, and quitters never win. Keep active in small things, and if others do the same, the sum total will be significant. Here are some suggestions:
Beat the biased media by spreading information about the immigration crisis to friends and relatives. If some aren’t interested, don’t worry. Just talk to those who are. Also speak to local elected officials. Increasingly, local officeholders and law enforcement officers, with the encouragement of their communities, are taking steps against illegal aliens.
In New Hampshire, the police chief of New Ipswich has arrested illegals on the charge of trespassing. In Canyon County, Idaho, county commissioners are suing companies that hire illegals, and in Suffolk County, New York, commissioners are enforcing housing codes where illegals settle.
If these tactics spread all over the country, illegal immigration would definitely become less of a problem— regardless of what Washington does or doesn’t do about it. Citizen input can promote it.
On a purely personal basis, take action. If you suspect local businesses are hiring illegal aliens, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has provided a number to call. It is 1-866-347-2423. Will the undermanned ICE respond? Probably not. But a growing volume of calls will put pressure on the agency and Washington to perform.
Use your money to back your convictions, and your time too, if you’re so inclined. Specifically, give money to candidates who support immigration control and consider campaigning for them. If you can’t find any worthy candidates in your area or state, then look outside those boundaries.
Also, when you receive money solicitations in the mail from the national Republican and Democrat parties, reply (by using their self addressed envelopes) that you will not contribute until they support real immigration reform. Recently, AIC learned, national Republican donations were down because rank-and-file party members are upset about the open borders policies of the Bush administration. When money talks, parties listen.
Finally, keep on writing, e-mailing and calling your elected representatives in Washington, even if it seems futile with your particular House member and senators. If constituent pressure can move them only an inch, that same pressure all over the country can add up to a total of feet, or even yards.
Contact Washington about These Bills
As demonstrated on page two, Americans must show their overwhelming opposition to the Kennedy/McCain bill, S.1033, and its companion bill in the House, H.R. 2330. Congress also needs to hear support for the enforcement provisions of the Kyl/Cornyn bill, S. 1438 (but not for provisions like its guest worker program and five-year grace period for illegal aliens).
Bills to support wholeheartedly are H.R. 3137, which would encourage state and local police to assist immigration law enforcement, and H.R. 1279 which would end the “visa
lottery,” the program admitting immigrants on the basis of winning a lotttery draw.
For more information about these bills, and how to contact your House member and senators to express your views on them, go to our website, www.immigrationcontrol.com, and click on “legislative center” on the left side. The site will allow you to send e-mails to Congress. (AIC provides a suggested letter which you can edit). The site also gives phone numbers, addresses and fax numbers of congresssional offices.
Page 5
Washington Report
Maryland Delegate Speaks Plainly
It is refreshing for this writer to hear an elected official tell it like it is when it comes to illegal immigration and how it is hurting America and American workers. It is even more refreshing to hear such a legislator receive frequent thunderous applause from over 350 supporters who love his straight talk on issues that matter to hard-working, tax-paying Americans.
A few weeks ago, several A1C members and I attended a fund-raising dinner for Delegate Pat McDonough, a Republican who represents Baltimore and Harford counties in the Maryland legislature.
Congressman Tom Tancredo (R-CO) was the keynote speaker that evening and, not surprisingly, Tom’s speech outlined the problems created by run-away, out-of-control immigration, and offered solutions including the advice that everyone present needs to be involved in the fight to save America from this foreign occupation. Tancredo’s speech was well delivered and well received, testified to by the standing ovation at the conclusion.
‘The Statue of Liberty cradles in her arm a law book. The first commandment of America is the rule of law. Ignoring the National Immigration Act and promoting selective enforcement is a violation of America’s first commandment.’
Of course, all AIC members are well aware of the valiant fight Tom Tancredo has been waging for America. He and the members of his House Immigration Reform Caucus need and receive AIC's support. In addition, concerned Americans need to actively support state and local elected officials who are publicly committed to stopping the occupation of America by aliens. AIC members should support state legislators like Pat McDonough who is serving his first four-year term as a Republican. (From 1979 to 1983 Pat was in the Maryland House of Delegates as a Democrat, but party leaders ostracized him because of his outspokenly conservative positions.)
Pat McDonough’s talk repeatedly brought the standing-room-only crowd to its feet, cheering and clapping. Here are a few excerpts from his tell-it-like-it-is talk:
“Politicians worry about the next election; leaders worry about the next generation."
“America is a nation of immigrants, more accurately a nation of legal immigrants."
“The old politics of partisanship, pettiness, power seeking and bickering has brought America to the brink of destruction.”
“America needs new politics based on leadership, honesty, and public service.”
“Violating the first commandment is costly for America’s citizens. In Maryland, in three short years, the illegals’ population has exploded from 100,000 to 250,000 and is growing.”
“The illegal population is costing Maryland citizens $75 million on education and $100 million in health care costs. The burdens are growing annually.”
“American citizens are subsidizing exploitation and a freeloader’s lifestyle.”
By this time, the dinner guests were on their feet cheering loudly for McDonough, and some were chanting “Deport all illegal aliens now.”
A week after the dinner, McDonough and I had lunch together, sharing ideas on how to activate voters. Pat firmly believes in using creative street theater and conservative radio talk shows to educate, motivate, and activate fellow Americans. He hosts a weekly radio talk show and, as a consequence, opinion polls reveal that Pat is much more popular with the voters than the other elected officials in his large district. The reason is obvious—he electrifies his audiences with his honest pro-Maryland and pro-America straight-talk in which he fearlessly exposes the dangers to our language, our security, our safety, and our culture from the alien invasion.
America needs men like Pat McDonough in the U.S. Congress and sooner or later, I expect, he will be there. In the meantime, Pat is shaking up Maryland's two major political parties with his legislative initiatives to deny illegal aliens welfare benefits and driver's licenses.
Continued on Page S
“The Statue of Liberty cradles in her arm a law book. The first	Ay	Robert	H.	Goldsborough
commandment of America is	President, AIC
the rule of law. Ignoring the National Immigration Act and promoting selective enforcement is a violation of America’s first commandment.”
October/Noveinber 2005
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
As a recently naturalized U.S. citizen of this great country, living in Asheville, North Carolina, it has taken me over six long years and thousands of dollars to get where I am today. One form alone from the IRS cost me $470 to submit for consideration.
As 1 began this process, 1 was amazed at the costs involved. Each form had to be accompanied by a check. In addition, my wife and I were required to take many trips back and forth to the Charlotte INS office (now under the auspices of the Dept, of Homeland Security) because there is no office available to serve the Asheville area, despite there being many illegal aliens in this area. This was particularly hard on my wife. and I was prohibited from working and earning a wage until all these forms were approved, and I was issued a permit to work (costing $195 a year), in spite of the fact that we were required to file our taxes jointly. I actually had to pay taxes before I was allowed to work and earn wages to pay taxes on.
When the time came for me to submit to my INS physical, the closest INS doctor was in Greenville, South Carolina, which required two trips so that my TB test could be read a week later. The physical and x-rays cost $300. During the time, I had to depend on my wife to be my official “sponsor” and had to prove to the authorities that I would not be a burden on the state by accepting any form of welfare, food stamps, unemployment compensation or free health care. I had to undergo a complete federal background check, several times over. I had to be fingerprinted on four separate occasions, despite the fact that fingerprints do not change over time.
And for the state of North Carolina, I had to prove that I had a Social Security number before I would be issued a driver’s license.
Why do I mention all these things? Simply because illegal aliens don’t have to comply with any of them! In North Carolina alone, there are 440,000 illegal aliens who are putting an untold burden on our legal and social welfare system. For instance, why is it that as a U.S. citizen I am not entitled to free health care or education, yet the illegal aliens who live directly across the street from my house are? When are the representatives of the people going to uphold the law by detaining and deporting all illegals out of North Carolina? This is already a very expensive state to live in, due mainly to the illegal immigration problem.
in closing, 1 would just like to say that when 1 left Ireland, I thought! was leaving a socialist country with high taxes, a high cost of living and low wages. However, here in America, I find that I have gone from the frying pan right into the fire, and things are just as bad, if not worse. 1 resent so many of my tax dollars being spent to support illegal aliens who have not gone through the same efforts as 1 did to earn a place in this great country.
P.P.
Asheville, NC
Dear Editor:
As a new AIC member, I was awestruck just today by the forces of uncontrolled immigration. What do I mean? Check out the Senate website of Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC), as I did. He has an “En Espanol” box for those who want his web page in Spanish, that’s Spanish, not English.
I truly believe that the Republican party which I had supported and believed in for so long no longer cares about real native Americans (those of us bom here). The party leadership doesn’t want to do anything about illegal or legal immigration. They are simply afraid to stand up on this vital issue. My visit to Sen. Burr’s website today proves it as far as I am concerned. From now on, my donations go to AIC, not the Republican National Committee.
M.F.
Cyberspace
Dear Editor:
I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for taking the necessary steps to make Americans aware of a major problem facing our country.
I myself voted for President Bush, and quite frankly would do so again. However, with respect to immigration, both my husband and I vehemently disagree with the president’s position. It is important that we all take steps to deal with what has become an.overwhelming problem.
My next step is to write Home Depot and advise them that we will be boycotting the store until they end their policies which encourage illegal immigration and attract illegal aliens to their stores. Just last weekend when my husband and I were shopping at the Home Depot in Brewster, New York, a Hispanic man in his 20s or 30s approached me in a very inappropriate manner when I had stepped away from my husband. I was so shook up, I felt compelled to share this information with my husband and a neighbor who was there.
It is also my intention to write a letter to President Bush. This is a huge problem and not one that is going to be resolved overnight, but we must all start taking the necessary steps now! Thanks again, and keep up the good work.
R.D.
Purdys, NY
Dear Editor:
I support some level of legal immigration, but I agree with you that one million a year is too many. A great concern 1 have is with language.
Personally, 1 expect newly-arrived individuals to these shores to strive to learn the language of this land, in the same way some of my ancestors did, and to take pride in the accomplishment. It does not help them to provide the choice of Spanish or any other language, because it doesn’t create the need to learn English. We are all, by now, familiar with the telephone message, “if you wish to continue in English,
Continue*! on Page 8
October/November 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page?
Delegate — Continued from Page 6
We ask all of Maryland’s AIC members, whether in Pat’s district or not, to support his talk show and his legislative efforts.
Delegate Pat McDonough PO Box 24640 Baltimore, MD 21214 e-mail patmcdee@comcast.net WCBM radio 680 AM (which reaches most of Maryland) Saturday nights 8 p.m. - 10 p.m., plus numerous prime daytime shows on WCBM at various times.
NATIONWIDE ACTION ITEM:
ALL AIC members should seek out and elect their own “Pat McDonough” to their state legislatures.
Delegate Pat McDonough, Congressman Tom Tancredo, and Mrs. McDonough
LpttBPS — Continued from Page 7
press one” or “if you wish to continue in Spanish, press two.” Usually, no other languages are offered. So, I guess my concern is primarily with the use of Spanish, although I personally find it to be a beautiful language.
I was bom in 1941 and grew up in St Louis, Missouri, which at that time was a beautiful example of the “melting pot,” for there were little communities of Italians, Germans. Poles, etc. I rode the public service buses to and from high school, and listened to many Italian ladies conversing in a mix of Italian and English. They spoke English to English-speaking people and Italian to each other, which is exactly what I would expect them to do. Over time, the second language became largely lost. I am concerned that this is no longer happening in the United States and that within a short period of time we will be a nation divided by two languages, rather than cemented as a people by one common language. This will have disastrous results.
So much of this problem stems from illegal immigration. We must stop back-door entrance to the United States. To even consider giving amnesty to illegals is insane. It destroys
the entire concept of a controlled, fair immigration system. Why havc a s\stem if we don’t uphold it? I totally agree with your proposed assignment of U.S. military troops to help the Border Patrol.
A.B.
Roseburg, OR
FOR SALE
Bumperstickers: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
Small Labels: (5 different slogans): 100 for $5.00 (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.)
(1)	Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration
(2)	Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason are the Reason
(3)	Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation
(4)	We're Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465