February/March 2005
IMMIGRATION
WATCH
AIC Assisted Arizona Victory
Americans for Immigration Control supporters struck a blow against illegal immigration by helping AIC push Arizona's Proposition 200 to victory on Election Day— and in doing so set the stage for a new round of state efforts to rein in the unchecked illegal immigration that the federal government will not control.
Thanks to grassroots education and mobilization efforts spearheaded by AIC, 56 percent of Arizonans voted for Proposition 200, which requires proof of U.S. citizenship for voting and proof of legal residency for public services exploited by illegal aliens at great cost to taxpayers.
Arizona residents drafted Proposition 200 in 2003 in response to the massive surge of illegal immigration sweeping Arizona and the entire nation. The state currently is home to some 500,000 illegal aliens, and Arizonans have seen the annual cost of public benefits for these illegal aliens soar to $1 billion, or $700 a year per household.
With the support of AIC and a coalition of immigration reform groups, supporters of the initiative worked around the clock to get the facts out about the devastating impact of illegal immigration and build grassroots support for the measure. Proposition 200 won a spot on the November ballot after almost 200,000 Arizonans signed petitions supporting the measure.
In the run-up to Election Day, the mass immigration lobby joined forces with the national and local news media and Arizona’s political establishment to wage an aggressive and expensive disinformation campaign designed to distort the goals and potential impact of Proposition 200 and demean the reputations of those supporting it.
AIC worked to make sure Arizona voters were not deceived by the mass immigration lobby’s propaganda blitz, and our efforts paid off when voters turned out in droves to support Proposition 200’s restrictions on illegal immigration. The measure garnered 56 percent of the vote, and even won support from 47 percent of
In This Issue	
Editor's View	....... Page 2
Immigration News Briefs	Page 3
Washington Report	Page 6
Letters te tbs Editor	Page 7
Illegal alien crossing on Arizona/Mexico border. Arizona law would cut benefits to illegals.
Arizona’s Hispanic voters.
Proposition 200 is an important win for AIC—but it is not the end of our battle. The Washington Times has reported that several other states are following Arizona’s lead and rallying public support for ballot measures to crack down on illegal immigration. You can count on AIC to remain at the forefront of this fight, and to unleash the strategies that were so effective in Arizona in each and every state considering Proposition 200-style initiatives.
AIC Produces New Video
AIC’s latest videocassette, Border Out of Control— Immigration or Colonization?, graphically reveals the illegal alien takeover of American communities, not just in border states but far into the heartland as well.
The video contains exclusive footage of illegal aliens streaming across a border guarded only by flimsy strands of barbed wire; a crumbling border wall by the Pacific Ocean; illegal aliens venting their hatred of America; and downtown areas which look more like Mexico than America.
Along with the footage, the videocassette offers the testimony of a diverse group of Americans expressing their concern about illegal alien colonisation. They include a former Border Patrol officer, a restaurant
Continued on Page 8
Editor’s View
Be Sure to Watch Lou Dobbs
The American media strive mightily to hide the truth about our country’s immigration crisis. Two concerns apparently sway the news managers: 1) They wish to keep in the good graces of advertisers who profit from cheap immigrant labor. 2) They wish to be “politically correct” in order to win approval from peers, as well as their presumed social betters.
Fortunately we find exceptions to this rule among journalists of character who speak the truth without regard for financial or social advantage. One outstanding example is financial commentator Lou Dobbs who hosts CNN’s Lou Dobbs Tonight (6-7 P.M. ET, Mon-Fri).
Dobbs regularly focuses on illegal immigration and the continuing failure of our government to do anything effective to stop it. Often he interviews experts who accurately expose what is happening and suggest appropriate reforms.
During the recent debate in Congress on whether to stop illegal aliens from obtaining driver’s licenses, Dobbs invited Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) on his show to argue the case for denying them licenses. This allowed Americans to hear the side of the argument that much of the media tried to ignore and hide.
Dobbs strongly takes issue with the claim that we need mass immigration to do jobs that Americans
won’t do. He points out that flooding the job market drives down wages, thus making many jobs unattractive for U.S. workers. Dobbs has observed that “Each 10 percent increase in the immigrant workforce deceases U.S. wages by 3.5 percent.”
A big issue with Dobbs is the admission of foreigners with the Hl-B visa to take high-tech jobs in the United States, even while many American citizens in high-tech professions are unemployed.
Dobbs’ show reaches a wide audience, uncovering realities that the media would like to keep covered. Watch the show, and encourage your friends to do likewise. Also, make a point to e-mail CNN and tell the management that you like Lou Dobbs Tonight and to please keep him on the air. To do so, go to the CNN website, www.cnn.com., click “Contact Us,” then click “CNN TV.” Next scroll down to “Lou Dobbs,” then click and leave your comment.
by John C. Vinson Editor
AIC Upgrades Website for Action
With a mass amnesty for illegal aliens now under consideration, patriotic American citizens must spare no effort to find out what their congressmen are doing, and regularly express their approval or disapproval to these office holders. Making representative government work requires work. There is no way around it.
To help make this effort easier for AIC members and supporters, we have upgraded our website, www.immigrationcontrol.com, to provide information on key immigration bills before Congress, a listing of the co-sponsors of those measures, and the addresses and telephone numbers of congressmen. Go to the website and follow the instructions for use.
Our site also will post legislative alerts, so that viewers can respond to rapidly-changing developments in Washington. Also we are expanding our alert e-mail
Immigration V\/atch it published by Americans for Immigration Control, Incorporated, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. John Vinson, Editor. To serve its educational mission, AIC presents differing viewpoints in its publications. Opinions expressed in signed articles and letters to the editor do not necessarily represent the views of AIC.
Immigration Watch is the largest circulation immigration publication in the nation.
list. Those on the list directly receive information about legislative developments and the responses AIC believes are appropriate.
If you would like the convenience of receiving the alerts, e-mail or mail us your email address and state that you would like to be on the alert list. Our e-mail address is aic@immigrationcontrol.com. Addresses on the list will not be shared or exchanged.
TO ORDER EXTRA COPIES
Some AIC supporters order back issues of Immigration Watch to distribute. Tell us if you want this issue or an assortment. The prices are:
$3.00 for 10 copies $6.00 for 40 copies
TO BECOME A MEMBER
To become a member of AIC and receive a one-year subscription to Immigration Watch (published 6 times a year), send $15 to:
AIC • PO Box 738 • Monterey. VA 24465 Phone: 540-468-2023 Website: www.lmmigrationcontrol.com
Page 2
IMMIGRATION WATCH
February/March 2005
/\JPSC ALE
enterprises
Joe t m yupp/b, prop.
You CAN SAY
TWAWjJ
IMMIGRATION AND
IlfltflTICUlTUKAlISffl
C6 KWINW AR£
ENRICHING /
CHEAP
LABOR
profit?
wh/tt about
US?//
WOOLS
CLASS
Immigration News Briefs
... is a summary of recent immigration news from around the nation.
PRESIDENT BUSH, said Washington Times reporter Dale McFeatters, “became emotional, even passionate” during a press conference when he reaffirmed his commitment to granting legal status to illegal aliens.
Bush said, “We want our Border Patrol officers chasing crooks and thieves and drug runners and terrorists,” not the illegal aliens who are “good-hearted people who are coming here to work.” The president maintained that these illegals have “family values” and that “they’re doing jobs Americans will not do.”
ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER TOM RAUM observed that President Bush’s plan to legalize illegal aliens faces strong opposition from Republicans. “President Bush,” said Raum, “faces rebellion in his party if he follows through on a promise to push legislation that would offer millions of undocumented [i.e., illegal] immigrants a path to U.S. citizenship. Almost no issue divides Republicans as deeply.”
The strongest opposition comes from House GOP members, led by Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO). Tancredo,
who heads the House Immigration Reform Caucus, said the plan is unacceptable, regardless of how the Bush Administration tries to present it.
Raum suggested that the administration, to circumvent Republican opponents, might try to forge an alliance with congressional Democrats.
U.S. DISTRICT JUDGE DAVID BURY in December removed a restraining order on Arizona’s Proposition 200, thus clearing the way for the measure to go into effect. This law, passed by a margin of 56 to 44 percent in November, cuts state benefits to illegal aliens and requires proof of citizenship for voting.
In response to Judge Bury’s decision, the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF) announced that it would appeal his ruling to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. The President and General Counsel of MALDEF, Ann Marie Tallman, called Proposition 200 “an illegal, impermissible, unconstitutional state attempt to regulate immigration policy, which is a fundamental function and responsibility of our federal government.”
IMMIGRATION WATCH
February/March 2005
Page 3
House Members Make Honor Roll
Under intense pressure from the Bush administration and Senate conferees, House conferees dropped most of the immigration reforms proposed in the Intelligence Bill passed in December. Among the dropped proposals were a ban on driver’s licenses for illegal aliens, a ban on federal recognition of the Mexican matricula card, and enhanced procedures to deport illegal aliens.
Retained in the legislation were provisions to add 10,000 Border Patrol agents within the next five years along with 4.000 more agents for interior enforcement of immigration laws. These measures, however, did not appropriate funds for the promised personnel increases.
Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) said that he would make passage of the eliminated proposals a high priority in the current session of Congress. The Wisconsin
Republican, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, affirmed that national security requires better control of illegal immigration.
With the cutting of the reforms by the conferees, the Intelligence Bill went to the full House for a vote. Although passage was a foregone conclusion, a total of 75 House members voted no, most of them to protest the absence of the reform provisions.
Listed below are these members. Many Washington observers say that this bloc of opposition could spell trouble for the Bush administration’s plan to give amnesty to illegal aliens. AIC and other immigration reform groups have described this list as an “honor roll” and urge constituents of list members to write or call them to express appreciation.
Rep. Robert Aderholt (R-AL) Rep. Spencer Bachus (R-AL) Rep. Gresham Barrett (R-SC) Rep. Roscoe Bartlett (R-MD) Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX)
Rep. Rob Bishop (R-UT)
Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) Rep. Mary Bono (R-CA)
Rep. John Boozman (R-AR)
Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite (R-FL) Rep. Michael Burgess (R-TX) Rep. Ken Calvert (R-CA)
Rep. Dave Camp (R-MI)
Rep. Steve Chabot (R-OH)
Rep. Howard Coble (R-NC)
Rep. Mac Collins (R-GA)
Rep. Phil Crane (R-IL)
Rep. Barbara Cubin (R-WY)
Rep. John Culberson (R-TX)
Rep. Jo Ann Davis (R-VA)
Rep. Nathan Deal (R-GA)
Rep. John Duncan (R-TN)
Rep. Terry Everett (R-AL)
Rep. Tom Feeney (R-FL)
Rep. Jeff Flake (R-AZ)
Rep. Randy Forbes (R-VA)
Rep. Elton Gallegly (R-CA)
Rep. Phil Gingrey (R-GA)
Rep. Virgil Goode (R-VA)
Rep. Bart Gordon (D-TN)
Rep. Gene Green (D-TX)
Rep. Gil Gutknecht (R-MN)
Rep. J.D. Hayworth (R-AZ)
Rep. Joel Hefiey (K-CO)
Rep. John Hostettler (R-1N)
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA)
Rep. Ernest Istook (R-OK)
Rep. Bill Jenkins (R-TN)_____
Page 4
Rep. Sam Johnson (R-TX)
Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC)
Rep. Steve King (R-IA)
Rep. Jack Kingston (R-GA)
Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D-OH) Rep. Ray LaHood (R-IL)
Rep. Ron Lewis (R-KY)
Rep. Frank Lucas (R-OK)
Rep. Don Manzullo (R-IL)
Rep. Jim McDermott (D-WA) Rep. Scott Mclnnis (R-CO)
Rep. Gary Miller (R-CA)
Rep. Alan Mollohan (D-WV) Rep. John Murtha (D-PA)
Rep. Sue Myrick (R-NC)
Rep. Randy Neugebauer (R-TX) Rep. James Oberstar (D-MN) Rep. David Obey (D-WI)
Rep. Doug Ose (R-CA)
Rep. Butch Otter (R-ID)
Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX)
Rep. Joe Pitts (R-PA)
Rep. Richard Pombo (R-CA) Rep. George Radanovich (R-CA) Rep. Denny Rehberg (R-MT) Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA)
Rep. Martin Sabo (D-MN)
Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) Rep. Mike Simpson (R-ID)
Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX)
Rep. John Sullivan (R-OK)
Rep. John Sweeney (R-NY)
Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO)
Rep. Charles Taylor (R-NC)
Rep. Zach Wamp (R-TN)
Rep. Dave Weldon (R-FL)
IMMIGRATION WATCH
February/March 2005

200,000 immigrants and refugees per year. After 1990, the average annual total rose to nearly one million.
Since 2000. an average of 500,000 illegal aliens have entered and settled permanently per year.
The Census Bureau estimates that a total of 8.7 million illegal aliens reside in the U.S. A study at Northeastern University put the total at 11 million.
...... ■ ■ I	—	■
Since 1970, the leading source countries of immi-grants have been 1) Mexico; 2) China/Taiwan; 3) Philippines; 4) India; 5) Vietnam; 6) El Salvador; 7) Korea; 8) Dominican Republic; 9) Cuba; 10) Colombia.
If immigration continues at its current rate, the current U.S. population of 292 million will rise to 403 million in fifty years, according to the Census Bureau’s “middle” projection. The Bureau’s “high” projection is 553 million.
SOME IMMIGRATION FACTS
Before 1965, the U.S. admitted an average of
Hispanic Groups Push Radicalism
As debate on amnesty heats up, the media will be quoting the viewpoints of various Hispanic advocacy groups in favor of amnesty. The leading ones are The National Council of La Raza (NCLR), The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF) and The League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC).
Often the media refer to these groups as “civil rights” organizations, a designation many immigration reformers question. They note that the original civil rights movement stressed the significance of citizenship and the rights possessed by citizens. These organizations, in contrast, tend to belittle citizenship by supporting benefits for illegal aliens, thus blurring the distinction between citizens and noncitizens.
Some critics charge that these groups are more concerned with ethnic clout than civil rights. La Raza, they note, means “the race.” In her book Americans No More, syndicated columnist Georgie Anne Geyer observed that both NCLR and MALDEF were largely the creations of the Ford Foundation, set up in the sixties and seventies to push radical agendas.
LULAC, in contrast, began in 1929 as a moderate organization, but has moved away from that stance over the years. In the early nineties its president, Jose Velez declared, “They [The Border Patrol] are the enemies of my people and always will be.” Velez was later arrested and convicted of immigration fraud.
Someone with an inside view of LULAC is Gloria Deverick, the daughter of LULAC’s founder Joe Garza. The following is an interview she did with AIC from her home in Texas.
IW: What were your lather’s aims in starting LULAC and what were his methods?
Deverick: My father wanted to promote pride in citizenship among Hispanics. Although he experienced some discrimination, he Celt very much a part of America.
He had many Anglo friends. He respected people, and people respected him. In his work to improve the position of Hispanic citizens, he did not believe in confrontation. He encouraged Hispanics to get education and prove their talents and abilities. With what the radicals in LULAC are doing now, he must be spinning in his grave like a tornado.
IW: When did the radicals start taking over, and what is their agenda?
Deverick: They began taking over in the late Sixties. It was around that time when the organization started getting lots of money from the Ford Foundation. Their agenda is Hispanic political power. They don’t care about Anglos or blacks. All they care about is their race and their race only. They want as many Mexican illegal aliens to come in as possible. They see these people as an uneducated and easily manipulated political power base.
IW: Your father promoted education, but LULAC today prefers ignorance?
Deverick: Yes, that’s right. The poor don’t know that they’re being used. LULAC is not a civil rights organization anymore.
I W: LULAC and similar organizations have great clout when they raise the charge of “racism" against political leaders and policies they don’t like. Any thoughts on this?
Deverick: Politicians should quit pandering to these people and stop being afraid of the name-calling. Illegal immigration is costing us in every way you can think of. No wonder our state of Texas is broke. If people want to come here they should do it legally.
f ebruary/Marcb 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
PageS
Washington Report
The Guardians of Our Gateways
One of the great senators of the 20th century was Pat McCarran, a conservative Democrat from Nevada who co-authored the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952. At that time both houses of Congress were controlled by the Democrats, and his co-sponsor of that legislation in the House was Representative Francis E. Walter, a moderate to liberal Democrat from Pennsylvania. The law was popularly referred to as the McCarran-Walter Immigration Act and it was the guardian of the gateways to America—its purpose was to preserve the safety, security and sanity of our great country.
An overwhelming majority of the American people supported the McCarran-Walter Act, realizing that the security provisions were essential to our safety and that the brilliantly balanced national origins quota system was essential to sane growth. But the law had its enemies on the left who followed the leadership of the American Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Bom in calling for the legislation to be overturned because it was not “progressive” or “fair” according to radical left standards. The act did bar communist operatives from entry which was quite naturally unacceptable to the American Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Bom which was officially cited by the U.S. Attorney General as a communist-front organization controlled by the Communist Party U.S.A., which in turn was the willing subversive agent of the Soviet Union. The smear technique was successfully employed by this front group which labeled any congressman who voted for the McCarran-Walter Act as a “racist” or “bigot” or “nativistThe smear technique was so successful that in 1965 when the Johnson administration offered legislation to destroy the McCarran-Walter Act, it passed and became law with the help of freshman Senator Ted Kennedy (D-MA). Now in 2005 we have another president from Texas—George W. Bush—who like Lyndon Johnson wants to do further damage to our immigration system by offering amnesty to millions of illegal aliens.
Dare we dream that another Democrat senator might come to the rescue of our land and be the giant that was Pat McCarran? Harry Reid of Nevada is now the Democrat’s minority leader in the U.S. Senate, and he is one of his party*s most conservative members.
Senator Reid released the following statement on December 17, 2004: “1 am opposed to illegal immigration, and I believe that existing immigration laws must be enforced—I have supported efforts to improve the immigration security functions of the rwartment of Homeland Security, including
by Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
Department Page 6
IMMIGRATION WATCH
initiatives for increased information sharing and better tracking of temporary foreign visitors.
I also supported the intelligence reform legislation responding to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, which increases by 10,000 the number of Border Patrol agents. I will continue to work toward a more comprehensive immigration system that is fair to both American workers and lawful immigrants.”
However, Senator Reid’s concern about the immigration problems preceded the attacks of 9/11. More than 10 years ago on June 15, 1994, Reid’s press secretary released the following: “U.S. Senator Harry Reid today told a key committee that the economic and environmental stability of the country depends on overhauling current immigration laws and cutting legal immigration to a reasonable level.”
‘“Our resources are stretched to the limit,’ Reid testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee. ‘By doing nothing, we are selling out the well being of future generations. If we don’t reduce immigration levels, we will leave our children and grandchildren with a country in which no one can securely and peacefully live.”’
At the time, Reid authored a bill to cut legal immigration from nearly a million a year to 325,000. His bill, “Immigration Stabilization Act,” accelerated the deportation process of criminal and illegal aliens. Reid complained that in 1992 the federal government issued more work authorizations to immigrants and temporary foreign workers than the net number of new jobs created by the U.S. economy. That was twelve years ago and since then the disastrous process has escalated under both political parties.
Senator Reid’s voting record has been very good on most issues such as reducing chain migration, unnecessary foreign worker visas, and refugee/asylum fraud. He has also supported increasing border control and interior enforcement. His voting record on these issues is consistently better than most other Democrats and many Republicans. The one area where Reid is deficient is amnesty: his overall career record in support of amnesty for illegals earns him an “F.” That said we believe that Senator Reid
Continued on Page S
Kebruary/March 2005
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
What do the success of Paris Hilton and illegal immigration have in common? While they may, at first glance, appear to be totally non-related occurrences, both are inevitably functions of a trend that has been accelerating since the ‘60s—the erosion of the American system of values. On “The Last Comic Standing,” Tammy Pescatelli aptly pointed out that Ms. Hilton is “living proof that you don't have to be poor to be white trash.” I doubt if there is even one reader of your newsletter who is not sickened by her childish antics. Yet she is deluged with offers to “write" books, appear in movies and television shows. This is a billboard for what is wrong with America today and, most bitter irony of all, the reason so much of the world hates us.
We have become a nation ruled and guided by whores and hypocrites. The big corporations are allowed to poison our environment and sell us obscenely overpriced drugs. The food in the grocery store is tainted with hormones, pesticides and additives that wreck our health. Athletic shoe manufacturers enlist porn stars to advertise for them, rap music encourages disrespect, and illegal aliens have become a commodity.
The cannibals have risen to the top of our society while we have stood silent and bewildered. We are sheep; we are victims being bled slowly by the people we were taught to trust. Good, dedicated teachers struggle to get by on what they earn, while Paris Hilton becomes even wealthier because she is completely amoral, and our society has become so numb and “liberal” that those in control think this is acceptable. Meanwhile, we are losing large portions of the new generations to this propaganda from the greedy media and politicians. As a businessman, I have seen this on a daily basis; the aimless wandering from job to job, always seeking something easier to do; just trying to get by with enough money to pay the rent, score some dope and play video games.
My grandparents came from Lithuania in 1917, ready to embrace the American dream through hard work. I cannot guarantee that every legal immigrant will embrace our virtues and love this country, but I certainly don’t see how those who break our laws to arrive here, live here, and work here can ever understand what made this country great. The sad fact is that much of the world thinks us fools; they scurry across our borders intent only on playing our system. And, yes, when enough arrive to form a group, or gang, they become belligerent and dangerous. But they are fodder for the vote-whores and idealists who mistakenly believe all men are the same, and write our laws for us. We are selling our souls, and our children’s souls, with our silence.
1 welcome any man or woman who comes to this country legally, looking for the dream that my grandparents bund. But this dream has to be earned. Anything merely pven away soon loses its value; that’s why welfare and ill the give-away social programs fail. All of the illegals
are shouting this from the street corners where they congregate; they are laughing at us. They know that the whores hold the power, and that their noisy multitude is pandered to.
But we who sit frozen in first, ignorance, then disbelief— we too are a multitude who will be heard. And our voice will be louder than the hollow men who have no values. AIC, I thank you for opening my eyes; I had no idea what was going on. And I tell others now. This is the way we will get back the America we love and respect, by no longer sitting in fear and silence while the locusts glut themselves. Each of us needs to wake his brother and join hands.
J. R.
Cincinnati, OH
Dear Editor:
Hello, I voted for Prop 200 here in Arizona, and thankfully it passed. If I need any reminder of the problem, I only need to look at the six illegals living in my apartment complex. Nevertheless, our local papers are saying how poor illegal aliens are calling the local government officials to say they are afraid to go outside for any reason, that they may be arrested and deported. The response of our local governments: Don’t worry; just go about your daily business because Prop 200 will be struck down by the courts just as it was in California. I for one am sick and tired of this. We the people spoke up and said that we wanted something done about illegal aliens. I really could care less if they are scared to go outside; they should be.
The people must make the politicians listen. Do they expect us just to sit back and watch our country be tom apart? I’m so frustrated that my government and my people are so afraid of political correctness. It’s time to take a stand, or lose everything to the floods of illegals.
L.A.
Tucson, AZ
Dear Editor:
Here in North Florida, we experienced a “white flight” (during the last few years) from South Florida, as that area was overrun with Third Worlders and their practices. For example, South Florida has five times the AIDS and violent crime rate of North Florida.
Now, they are moving north in big numbers. Our students are being forced to learn Spanish; it is quickly becoming the only language taught in schools—and help wanted ads that used to read “bilingual preferred” now say “Spanish required."
North Florida’s University of Florida (now the 3rd largest public university in the U.S.) has a research development K-12 school. It strives to “reflect" the state's ethnic makeup, parents’ educational attainment, family income, etc. The director of that school told me (and 1 quote her), “You’d severely disadvantage your kids if
ebrusry/Msrcb 2005
IMMIGRATION WATCH
Page 7
Letters- —Continued from Page 7
they don't learn Spanish. It is the future of this country.” We are constantly drilled that diversity is great, yet most schools now offer only Spanish. Just a few years ago, Spanish. French and German were offered.
1 have plenty of reasons to believe that in the near future. English will be the “foreign language.” How depressing and infuriating. As Latino leaders have said, “We will overwhelm you."
M.C.
Gainesville, FL
Dear Editor:
I have traveled outside of the U.S. many times, for many years. I know how other countries and peoples once respected Americans. Not anymore. They consider the American weak, a person who will not defend himself, nor his culture, nor his heritage.
This observation comes from religious and political discussions with many people, leaders and common folk, some friendly, some not. They have told me that America is there for the taking because our laws allow anyone to do this to us. Of one thing I am sure: for America to survive, as we have known her, we must do something very quickly, or it will be too late.
T.F.
Udom Thani, Thailand
Rdd—Continued from Page 6
understands the serious threat of uncontrolled immigration to the United States. And hopefully he now understands that all of the amnesties of illegals and terrorists have done irreparable damage to America and all future proposals of amnesty must be defeated.
As the minority leader of the U.S. Senate he is in a strong position to press ahead with much needed legislation such as he sponsored ten years ago. He could offer bi-partisan bills with the support of
FOR SALE
BumperslicKeri: $2.00 each (Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation)
SmalLLabeJi: (suitable for placing on envelopes, etc.) 5 different slogans (100 for $5.00):
(1) Keep Wages Low - Support Mass Immigration (2) Mass Immigration. Why?
Greed and Treason Are the Reason (3) Illegal Immigration: No Border, No Order, No Nation (4) We’re Not a Nation of Mass Immigration (5) Average Americans - The Huddled Masses Yearning for Less Immigration Order from AIC, PO Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465 or call 540-468-2023 to use your Visa or MasterCard.
Video —Continued from Page 1
owner, the daughter of an illegal alien smuggler, a former rock group manager, and two women whose sons died in accidents caused by illegal aliens.
This videocassette can serve to educate Americans who do not yet appreciate the full extent of the illegal immigration crisis. Potential audiences are friends, family, immigration reform groups and other organizations.
Border Out of Control—Immigration or Colonization? (20 minute length) is introduced by a statement by Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), chairman of the House Immigration Reform Caucus. To order this videocassette, send $15.00 in cash, check or money order to AIC, Box 738, Monterey, VA 24465. To order by Visa or MasterCard, call (540) 468-2023.
Republican Senator James Inhofe (OK) and team up with Republicans in the House such as Judiciary Chairman James Sensenbrenner.
Senator Reid now has that rare opportunity in the political arena to rise above petty partisan politics and become a true statesman—a giant who values country above politics as the guardian of America’s gateways.
Immigration Watch Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. PO Box 738 Monterey, VA 24465
AN
%
AVCH