
era
Events

Rock1~lte Cmdfd
Stand Up for Dixie, Rally in Montgomery on 4 March 2000, Southern Independence Day
The Alabama Heritage Coalition is sponsoring the Southern Independence Day Rally in
Montgomery, beginning at 8:45am. There will be speeches, Southern music, vendors, and the unveiling of a ‘Declaration of Southern Independence’, declaring the South to be culturally independent. Ronnie Simmons, Alabama Division SCV Commander will be the lead-off speaker. Most pro-South organisations are participating. Be there and help make it a record crowd to rally support for our maligned Southern symbols! The event will be held on the very spot where President Jefferson Davis took his oath of office in 1861. See page 5
LIES! LIES! LIES! LIES!
#1 The Lapdog Press reported 6,000 marched to keep the Battleflag flying in Columbia. We prove 10,000. (page 8)
#2 The Lapdog Press told you 48,000 marched against the flag Jan. 17. The black Police Chief, and the first AP press report stated 10,000. (page 9)
#3 The Lapdog Press says the NAACP boycott cost SC $90 million in revenue. Nope! Tourism is up 9.6% (page 9)
#4 An SPLC director writes in the Montgomery Advertiser: ‘Bigotry lurks behind Southern Independence event.’ See Michael Hill’s rebuttal (p. 13), and find out who ‘The Tolerance Bigots’ really are. (page 11)
At least 10,000 (We can prove our numbers) gathered in front of a huge Battleflag draped over the steps of the State House in Columbia, South Carolina on the eighth of January to support the flying of the flag there. (See complete story on page 8)
Southern Events
ft
Southern Events is published quarterly by the Alabama League of the South. Articles express the opinion of the writer and not necessarily League positions. Articles may be reproduced (in entirety only) if credit is given to the author and Southern Events along with this information: ‘Subscriptions $15 yearly, P 0 Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517.’ Call 1-800-888-3163 for more information on the League of the South. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Also known as Oxford Standard or British Orthography, it was commonly used in antebellum Dixie prior to the loss of self rule and the
The Alabama State Flag Initiative helped introduce House Bill 163 in January by Rep. Johnny Curry of Hueytown. The bill, currently in committee, was cosponsored by 31 representatives. It would require the State flag to be flown over the dome of the Capitol at all times, to be prominently displayed on a flag pole outside the main entrance of each school, boards of education, county courthouses, etc.
Existing law requires Alabama’s flag to be displayed at public schools, over the Capitol when both houses are in session, and on all ‘appropriate’ occasions. Many schools skirt this requirement by a small ‘display’ inside the school, while flying the federal flag outside.
Battleflag Supporters in SC are Staging a Sit-in at the statehouse, promising to block the way, and willing to be arrested if anyone tries to take the flag down.
Every Vestige of the Confederacy Must Be Purged from Public View if Gary Bledsoe, head of the Texas NAACP, has his way. In urging the removal of plaques on state buildings bearing the image of the Battleflag, he said, ‘any use of the Battleflag is offensive.’
The NAACP also opposed a Confederate statue planned for Grimes County in East Texas. A group of Grimes residents raised more than $30,000 for a 6-foot bronze statue of a Confederate infantryman, whose rifle would be replaced with a Battleflag 4 times a year.
State Sen. Rodney Ellis, D-Houston, praised Gov. Bush for opposing the statue, though Bush did not advocate removing the plaque. ‘The governor recognizes that symbols of hate have no place in 21st-century America. I hope he will join our effort to remove other symbols of hate on display across our nation.*______
Candidate McCain, Like Bush, Has Skirted I Controversy over Confederate symbolism. McQfoh I contradicted himself over what the symbols mean * I Democrats Gore and Bradley have denounced the Battleflag, Bradley saying the South had a ‘hateful and shameful past.’ Reform Party candidate Pat Buchanan, I however, said the flag was a ‘proud and noble’ symbol The Battleflag Flew over the Montgomery Capitol for About an Hour and a Half on 15 January.
Johnny Teeter, 30, of Montgomery, used a closed staircase and then a ladder to slip the flag on the pole I above the dome. Teeter said, ‘I never denied or lied | about my actions, I even signed the guest book at the Capitol.’ State authorities indicated they ‘probably will prosecute’. Teeter said the flag symbolizes Southern heritage and the fight against federal oppression. ‘When | I look at the Battleflag, I think of the honour, commitment and courage those Southern people showed...’ he said to The Birmingham News. ‘If I could have the true character of those fine folks, then maybe future generations after me will strive for the same. He criticized ‘politically correct’ leaders for removing it. A Group of Black Mississippi Legislators are
Montgomery business owner and flag raiser Johnny Teeter
seeking to change the state’s current flag, adopted in 1894. Instead of the CSA Battleflag in its union, they want to replace that portion of it with a magnolia.
The Richmond Canal-Walk Mural of Robert E. Lee Was Destroyed by Arsonists and his statue was spray-painted ‘Kill White Devil.’ The City Council will rename several streets and bridges currently named for Confederate heroes as the cultural cleansing continues.
3 Southern Events
Winter 2000
The Young-Sanders Center for the Study of the War Between the States Has Been Forced to Close because of its association with the League of the South. The Center, in Morgan City, Louisiana, stood for historical accuracy and a traditional perspective. Though not affiliated with the League, director Roger Busbice is a League member. The Center’s website linked to the League along with dozens of other links.
The Board President, Miss Mary Elizabeth Sanders, was told to remove the link to the League by a former city councilman, Cyrus Provost, who also serves on the Board. The next day Mayor Timothy Matte repeated the demand and threatened to cancel a lease agreement.
Miss Sanders pointed out that the League represents honourable values which all Southerners should defend, and refused to remove the link. This led to the closing. Roger Busbice hopes to transfer much of the collection to Camp Moore, an historical site in Tangipahoa Parish operated by the SCV.
The Pensacola, Florida, City Manager Removed the Battleflag on his own initiative, replacing it with the First National flag, known as the Stars and Bars.
City Manager Tom Bonfield claimed there is no evidence the Battleflag was ever used in the city, which flew the First National, then surrendered 14 months after the beginning of the War.
Three hundred Battleflag supporters flooded a city council meeting, and speakers attacked Bonfield’s decision. ‘The flag these brave men fought and died for is the Confederate Battleflag,’ said SCV member Phillip White. ‘To remove it is to dishonour them.’
In a vote that came after 11:30 pm, the council voted 7-2 to fly the Stars and Bars until there was ‘sufficient evidence’ that it is not the proper flag.
A group called Movement for Change spoke against the Battleflag, and member Mary Stanton drew jeers from the crowd - and a warning from Mayor John Fogg - when she threatened council members, saying, ‘If you dont do as I ask, there will be a war between black and white here in Pensacola.’
The Escambia County Commission also addressed changing the flag at the Pensacola Civic Center, but decided unanimously, 5-0, that the Confederate Battleflag will continue to fly. The commissioners stated they ‘wont rewrite history.’
CSA Battleflag on Truck Leads to Arrest Threat. The father of a student who attended the flag rally in Columbia was so inspired he began flying a flag from his truck, but now the principal of Spring Valley High has told him to remove it or be arrested when he comes on school grounds. The SLRC is handling the case.
Circuit Judge Orders Pastor and Congregation to Vacate Church; League of the South Blamed
In a gross violation of the constitutional protection afforded churches from the state’s authority, Sumter County Circuit Judge Eddie Hardaway ordered Rev Martin Murphy and his supporters to leave their church premises.
Aubrey Green, longtime York Presbyterian Church member, went to court seeking to remove Murphy as well as the majority of the congregation. According to a church member, Green had been dissatisfied with Murphy, and was seeking some way to ‘get rid of him.’
Green first went to church members seeking Murphy’s dismissal, saying that a member of the League of the South could not be an effective pastor. However, even Green admitted that Murphy did not mix League matters with his duties as pastor. Green said ‘I just couldn’t tolerate anyone with secessionist views.’ League members view the right of secession to be an important check on the power of government, as did our Founding Fathers.
When brought to the members, the church voted to keep Murphy against Green’s wishes.
The matter later came before a higher Associate Reformed Presbyterian church court. When Green failed to get Murphy removed, he then brought the civil lawsuit.
Murphy was forced to vacate the manse and the congregation was forced to leave the church property, and turn over the bank account to Green and his small number of followers.
As pointed out in an article in the last issue of Southern Events, taking a dispute between church members before a civil authority is a Biblical prohibition. In addition, the Founding Fathers went to great lengths to prohibit the state from interfering in church matters.
A terrible precedent will be set if this ruling is allowed to stand. The Rutherford Institute is part of the legal team defending Murphy and the church. The matter is under appeal and funds are desperately needed to help in this important legal battle. Donations may be sent to:
York Presbyterian Church Legal Defense Fund P O Box 104 York, AL 36925
Killers of Michael Westerman to Stay Locked Up. The Tennessee state Supreme Court unanimously upheld the conviction and life sentence of Charles Damien Darden, a black youth, in the 1995 shooting death of Michael Westerman. Westerman, 19 at the time, was murdered by Darden and another young black man, Freddie Morrow, because he flew a Confederate Battleflag from his pickup truck. The youths were from Kentucky, but the murder occured in Tennessee.
Westerman left a widow and two young twins, less than a month old.
Confederate Memorial in Montgomery Needs Repair. One hundred years ago, it cost just $46,000 to build the state's 80 foot tall Confederate Monument on the north side of the Capitol grounds. Adjusted for inflation that would equal about $900,000 in today's money. A consultant estimates it will cost between $350,000 and $500,000 to pay for needed repairs.
Lee Warner, director of the Alabama Historical Commission, said the Legislature has provided $200,000, but has no plans to provide the rest. He said that ‘Phase One' repair would begin on the cracking limestone and bronze friezes.
Jefferson Davis laid the cornerstone of the monument in 1886 and it was completed 12 years later. In 1993 Gov. Jim Folsom Jr. moved the Confederate battle flag from the Capitol dome to the memorial, where it flies with the 3 CSA national flags on four separate poles.
House Panel OKs Bill to Secede from Union. Arizona Rep. Karen Johnson's measure to dissolve the federal government and set up sovereign states passed, 3-2, Thursday in the Federal Mandates and States Rights Committee. The bill, HCR 2034, says that Arizona’s secession would be triggered if the federal government instituted martial law or attempted to confiscate guns, and would require that at least 34 other states go along.
Johnson, a Mesa Republican, said the bill is an ‘insurance policy’ against a federal government that might turn tyrannical.
While the NAACP Fights the CSA Flag, Slavery Thrives in Africa. Black men are being murdered, and their wives and children sold into slavery in the Sudan. The militant Muslim government in Khartoum is waging war against Sudanese Christians in the south.
The Daily Mail & Guardian from Johannesburg, South Africa, reports: ‘The slave raiders prefer women and boys. In order to catch them, they kill the men and bum down their villages. When the women and children run into the bush, they are chased and captured. They are made to carry the ‘spoils' of the raid, usually sacks
of grain, to the north. They are then sold to wealthv Arab families....’	y
‘Families buy women to be used as “concubines” who perform farm and household tasks in addition to providing sexual services. If the women are young enough, they are genitally mutilated as soon as they reach puberty....’
Columnist Chuck Baldwin remarked, ‘Where is the outrage of the American press? Where is the holy indignation of the combined civil rights leadership?... ‘If the victims happen to be Christians, there is little
interest from among the liberal establishment....To the
liberal mind, disparaging comments made by a white baseball player against homosexuals is worse than murder committed by black Muslims, even if the victims are also black people.’
Atlanta Braves Relief Pitcher John Rocker has been benched, fined $20,000 and subjected to ‘sensitivity training’ (AKA ‘re-education camp’) for what ABCnews.com described as ‘a series of xenophobic, homophobic, racist comments.’
Rocker said, ‘Imagine having to take the train to the ballpark, looking like you're [riding through] Beirut, next to some kid with purple hair, next to some queer with AIDS, right next to some dude who just got out of jail for the fourth time, next to some 20-year-old mom with four kids. It's depressing.’
FCC Guidelines Stifle Freedom of Speech for Religious Broadcasters. As part of the terms allowing a license swap between a commercial and noncommercial television station in Pennsylvania, the FCC specified how much time would be allowed for religious broadcasts on the non-commercial station.
Rep. Michael Oxley (R-OH) introduced legislation to cancel the FCC’s new guidelines. The proposed bill would nullify the ‘Additional Guidance’ section of FCC Order 99-393 requiring noncommercial TV broadcasters to devote at least half of their programming hours to topics ‘not primarily devoted to religious exhortation, proselytizing, or statements of personally-held religious views and beliefs.’ This could be extended to noncommercial radio stations as well, making the FCC the final judge of all religious broadcasting content.
According to CNSNews.com, an anonymous source at the FCC said the agency ‘has had [religious broadcasters] in their sights for at least a year.’ The source said ‘certain commissioners have been discussing how best to rein in NCETV (noncommercial educational television) licensees for a while, on separation of church and state grounds. They’ve been looking for a test case, and they found one in this license swap.'
5 Southern Events
Winter
200C
P C Runs Wild In South Africa. A new law in South Africa will make law-breakers out of clergy who refuse to marry a same-sex couple, anyone who states publicly that abortion is wrong, and any Christian who preaches that Jesus Christ is the ‘only way’ of salvation.
South African President Mbeki signed into law The Promotion of Equality and Prevention of Unfair Discrimination Act, which will require all other laws to conform to it. New courts will enforce its provisions which outlaw discrimination on the grounds of ‘race, gender, sex, pregnancy, marital status, ethnic or social origin, color, sexual orientation, age, disability, religion, conscience, belief, culture, language and birth.’ Anyone accused of discrimination will be assumed to be guilty, and will have to prove their innocence before these courts. The only form of discrimination excluded from this law is affirmative action.
The small, mixed-race African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP) voiced the strongest opposition to the law, which was pushed by the majority party, the ANC.
An ACDP spokesman said, ‘The inclusion of ‘sexual orientation’ under the list of potential areas of discrimination meant that any clergyman who refused to recognise the legitimacy of a homosexual marriage could be forced to defend his decision in court.’
Any speech that is judged to be hurtful, incite harm, or promote hatred will be illegal. Calling sinners to repent, or saying that Jesus Christ is ‘the only way’ will be deemed hate speech, as will the Biblical condemnation of sodomy. Speaking against abortion may also be prosecuted under the law.
In a chilling response to ACDP protests, Mohseen Moosa, the ANC chairman of the committee that drafted the law, said that religious institutions would have to submit to the ‘value system’ set out in the law. He said, ‘This bill does not exempt anybody. We believe that those religions that uphold the values of human dignity and of equality will be satisfied with this bill, and those religious interpretations that do not uphold those values will be tested in court.*
Ang Lee’s Movie ‘Ride With the Devil’, About Confederate Guerrillas in Missouri Was Withdrawn from theatre release after opening in 60 theatres.
The film, starring popular singer Jewel, was sent straight to video production. What made the withdrawal so startling was that the movie had received almost unanimous rave reviews, and ‘pulling’ a well-reviewed movie is unusual.
The movie is well done and portrays the Confederate side in a sympathetic manner. A graphic amputation scene merited the film an ‘R’ rating.
T(t CM
MONTGOMERY, Saturday 4 March 2000
Sponsored by the
Alabama Heritage Coalition
The main purpose of the event is to demonstrate support for our Southern culture and symbols, and to dramatize our rejection of the current cultural rot by issuing a ‘Declaration of Southern Independence.’ We affirm that we are culturally independent, an authentic ‘people-group’ and faithful to the ancient Christian virtues on which our Southern heritage is based.
8:45 am Parade assembly at the Fountain on Dexter Avenue (Parade organizers will be in orange vests)
9:30 Parade to the State Capitol steps
Order of march: 1) Pipers and Drummers; 2) Ministers of
the Gospel; 3) Re-enactor Units; 4) Public
10:00 Welcome - Dr Michael Hill, President, League of
the South and Alabama Heritage Coalition
10:05 Invocation
10:10 Speaker - Mr Ronnie Simmons, Alabama Sons of Confederate Veterans Division Commander 10:20 Speaker - Mr Franklin Sanders, Editor,
The Moneychanger magazine 10:30 Music: Basic Grey
10:45Speaker - Dr Thomas Fleming, Editor of Chronicles Magazine and League of the South Board 10:55 Speaker - Mr Walter D. Kennedy, co-author of The South Was Right! & League of the South Board 11:05 Music: The Unreconstructed Band 11:20 Poem Reading: 'Standing on the Star,’ by Dr Jim Kibler, Whitmire, SC author of Our Fathers Fields 11:25 Speaker - Mr Danny Verdin, South Carolina Sons of Confederate Veterans Division Commander 11:35 Speaker - Dr Donald Livingston, Director, LOS Institute for the Study of Southern Culture and History 11:45 Announcement: Jeff Adams,
Director, Southerner 2000 Project
11:50: Music: Mr Bobby Horton
12:05 pm Reading and Signing of
the ‘Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence’
12:30 Speaker - Mr Charles Lunsford, President,
The Heritage Preservation Association 12:40 Speaker - Mrs Patricia Godwin, President,
Order of Confederate Rose
12:50 Speaker • Mr Kirk Lyons, Director, Southern Legal Resource Center 1:00 Singing of ‘Dixie’
1:05 Concluding Remarks: Dr Michael Hill 1:15 Benediction
1:20-3:30 Music: Bobby Horton, The Unreconstructed Band, and Basic Grey; patronizing of vendors____
6 Southern Events
Winter 2000
ga Letters to the Editor
CONFEDERATE ALLY IN POLAND
Dear Confederates,
The Confederate States of America will come back to the point where it was overtaken by Yankees, and I am sure of it after what I have read about the march on Columbia. This time though the CSA will not let itself be subjugated anymore.
If Poland could free itself after 50 years of Communism, why cant the CSA after 140 years?
Unfortunately, Europe is stepping into a dreadful thing called ‘European Union’.
Sincerely,
Eric A. Kaminski Warsaw, Poland
CONFEDERATES- COME TO BELIZE
Dear Editor,
I am a member of the League of the South, and the CSA, living on an island in Central America.
CNN carried live the NAACP anti-flag march in South Carolina. On ‘Talk Back Live’, Mr Trapp, an SCV lawyer gave a great case supporting the flag. It is clear, however, that the SC legislature is looking for a way to bring down the flag. The SC tourist division says the boycott cost $90 million in lost revenue to the state. Jesse Jackson’s group plans to attack the Georgia flag now, and Mississippi is next.
Immigration has caused a total shift in North America. The League of the South has plans to educate our children, but other plans are too late.
After the War for Southern Independence, between 1867-1880 over 1,200 Confederates came to British Honduras (Now Belize). As late as 1930, Toledo District, Punta Gorda Town maps showed sugar plantations with names like Dixie, Maplewood, etc.
Today on the mainland of Belize, farm and ranch land is reasonable! The Mennonites have a large community with dairy, cattle, vegetables, etc.
As our ancestors, why not a ‘Confederate Community’ in Central America? We have no income tax and no capital gains taxi We are an English speaking, independent member-country of the British Commonwealth, as is Canada. After one year one can apply for residency with all privileges except voting. After 5 total years, one can apply for full citizenship and a passport.
As many of our Confederate ancestors, I made the
decision to leave the occupied South.
For God and the Occupied South, Lewis S. Elliot Belize, Central America
Ed. Note: $90 million has NOT been lost by SC. See the article in this issue (p. 10) refuting those claims
BUYING SOUTHERN PRODUCTS
Gentlemen:
I too try to buy products made in America and/or the South, as Mr David Mathews encouraged us to do in your last issue. If he, or anyone else, has any brand names for Southern-made products, I’d appreciate email about them at nemesisl65@yahoo.com
God Save the South,
Michael Sinclair Louisville, Kentucky
CAPITOL ALREADY CSA SHRINE
Dear Editor,
When one walks up to the capitol steps in Montgomery, the first thing one sees is a life-sized statue of Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate States of America. Next would be the bronze star where he took the oath of office on the capitol steps. Once inside the capitol, one quickly realises this building is from that time period in the 19th century.
Turn left and proceed to the end of the hall and one enters the chamber where Alabama delegates voted to secede from the Union. This is also the building where the Republic of Alabama joined her sister states of the South to give birth to a new Southern government, the Confederate States of America.
Knowing the history of this capitol building, even the most ignorant of fools should easily figure out that the Battleflag should fly on its dome. It was here that Southerners set the stage to pursue a better life for not only themselves, but for us, their descendants.
If this capitol building is not a Confederate shrine, then there are no cows in Texas.
I would like to help with the League of the South in Alabama, and I am also considering running for public office. We need real statesmen who will go on the attack for us, and stay on the attack!
Any Fate but Submission,
Billy E. Price Ashville, Alabama
7 Southern Events
Winter
200C
THE REAL FLAG OF OPPRESSION Editor:
I would like to share with you my letter to a San Francisco newspaper who called for us Southerners, in the name of ‘Civility’, to remove the Confederate flag---
Those people who travel far from their home states to complain about our Southern flags are the ones who are acting without civility.
My uncle George Hoss was a Cherokee who was bom on the Qualla Boundary in North Carolina in 1893. Like all Cherokee of his day, my uncle George could not vote. Most Cherokee from uncle George's time had to go to Federal Bureau schools to have their heads shaved, the English language beaten into them, and the Cherokee beaten out.
Why was this Uncle Sam's policy towards my Uncle George? The answer is simple, his grandfathers had been Confederate soldiers. The Cherokee as well as six other Southern tribes supported the Confederacy in the War Between the States. The South gave them seats in the Confederate Congress, dignified self-rule, and an intermediary in the person of Albert Pike who spoke seven Native American languages. The US Federal Government gave them reservations.
Uncle George was drafted for duty in World War One. He served with honour, and then retired to the simple life in East Tennessee where I grew up. I can remember him sitting in his wheelchair, wizened and red, shaking his finger at me and telling me the truth about Cherokees and the South.
Uncle Sam gave Uncle George and the rest of the Cherokees the vote in 1956. By that time George was 63 years old, and probably could hardly care. I wonder though, if the striped gridiron that flew over The Little Big Horn and other massacres -1 wonder if he would see it - Old Glory - as ‘The Flag of Healing' or as a flag of senseless slaughter? Has it ever occurred to you, that maybe it’s the US flag, that is the flag of oppression?
The Confederate Flag stands for freedom, continual hope for liberty and justice for the common man. No amount of mealy-mouthed begging for manners on your part, can erase the memory and dedication of our honoured dead.
Chris Range Knoxville, Tennessee
ANSWER TO ATTACK ON THE LEAGUE
Southern Events:
I am responding to a column written by Ms Frances Coleman for the Mobile Register, and reprinted in The Birmingham News, entitled ‘Rebel group not kidding’ in which she maligned the League of the South. Since the paper would not print my response, I am sending it to you.
She writes that the Southern region and the nation are inseparable. Secessionists, she insists, are ‘horribly misguided.’
She invokes the memory of her father, a veteran who died 26 years ago. Has it occurred to her that things have changed in 26 years?
She says she is loyal. Loyal to whom? Loyal to what?
Does she offer her unquestioning obedience to President Clinton? Perhaps the acts, legal and illegal, of the present Congress receive her respect?
Is it the Commerce Department that inspires Ms Coleman? the Bureau of Indian Affairs? Janet Reno?
Which of the accomplishments of the Educational system attract her loyal approval? The destruction of standards, both academic and moral? the imposition of corrupt science and history? Nature worship?
Perhaps she admires ‘our’ courts? Apparently she is pleased with the despotic seizure of the Presbyterian church in York, Alabama. Does she know that all of the suits concerning federal election fraud have been illegally assigned to judges appointed by President Clinton? Has she never heard of the policemen jailed for self-defense, of Ruby Ridge? of Waco? of the cover-up in Oklahoma City?
Is it patriotic to free insurrectionists and to support traitors? Since the States were united only under the written guarantee that they were free to leave the Union, Ms Coleman obviously is not being loyal to the Constitution.
One wonders if her honourable father would have willingly served an administration that had surrendered him and his family to the financial, military and judicial control of a foreign-staffed one-world government.
Is it not time to drop the cliches of the past, and the unthinking emotionalism of the uneducated? Time to face reality? Time to separate ourselves from unmitigated debauchery before our children are irretrievably shackled?
Mrs. Jack E. Morris McCalla, Alabama
8 Southern Events
Winter 2000
Ten Thousand Rally for the Battleflag in the South Carolina Capitol
It was the largest gathering in the South over Confederate symbols since Stone Mountain opened with 10,000 in attendance. The Associated Press reported 6,000, another wire service 8,000, but observers high above the march in a nearby building estimated 11,000. Corroborating that figure was the fact that over 8,300 admission tickets were sold to the barbeque following the rally, yet many who attended the rally were unable to attend that event. At least a dozen buses loaded with flag supporters and many individuals from other states had to leave prior to the barbeque.
The three day event began Friday and included the reading of the names of all of the more than 26,000 South Carolinians who died in the War for Southern Independence, and the ringing of a bell for each name.
Three bagpipers led the march on the statehouse in Columbia on Saturday morning, 8 January, the site where Southern independence was bom by a unanimous vote of the legislature 140 years ago. The rally was held to encourage South Carolina's lawmakers to stay true to their heritage and to ignore the calls of the NAACP and others to take the flag down.
About 2,500 re-enactors, including 50 cavalry and three dozen women dressed in widow’s black, met at Elmwood for the memorial ceremony before the march.
Several ministers carried a banner behind the bagpipers emblazoned ‘No King but Jesus*, with a Confederate Battleflag on one end and a Scottish flag on the other. Behind them in a wheelchair came 92-year-old Alberta Martin of Elba, Alabama, the last surviving Confederate widow. She was accompanied by Dr Ken Chancey, her guardian, also in re-enactor’s uniform. The crowd of flag supporters, stretching seven blocks long, marched from Elmwood cemetery to the capitol steps. The streets were filled with marchers sidewalk to sidewalk, as Battleflags waved over their heads in an undulating sea of crimson. A sprinkling of other Confederate flags and state flags could be seen as ‘Dixie’ and ‘Bonnie Blue Flag’ were sung repeatedly by the marchers. Chants for the various states were heard, as well as ‘Never take it down! *, ‘Free the South, now!’, independence now!*, and ‘Rise up, Dixie!*
By the time the parade reached the statehouse, about 10-11,000 were assembled to hear the speakers on the steps, which were covered by a Battleflag the size of a football field. The speakers were frequently interrupted
by applause. The longest and loudest ovations were when Mrs Alberta Martin was introduced, and when a speaker mentioned the South rising again.
‘We’ll Compromise! We'll Move the Flag....From the Bottom of the Pole, to the Top!’ said Sen. Arthur Ravenel, and the marchers responded with a rousing cheer. Ravenel urged participants to contact lawmakers, adding, ‘You have work to do’. Ravenel said a reporter from outside the state recently asked, ‘Aren't you people in South Carolina worried about what the people in the rest of the country think about you?’ The crowd shouted ‘No!’ Ravenel then said he told the reporter that the rest of the country ought to be worried about what South Carolinians thought about them.
Chris Sullivan, Chairman of the South Carolina Heritage Coalition and SCV officer, said, ‘the turnout far exceeded our highest expectations. It couldn’t possibly have been any better.’
The head of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, Commander-in-Chief Patrick Griffin, spoke and said there would be ‘no surrender, no compromise, no retreat, and no defeat*.
Pat Reaves, SCV Brigade Commander and League of the South member said, ‘I have never felt morale so high.
I have advocated respect and cooperation with other heritage groups for years, and at last it is a realisation.’ This marks the first time the SCV has officially linked forces in a major endeavour with other organisations such as the League of the South.
Reaves was the architect of the heritage victory in Gadsden, Alabama, in which various groups worked together in a direct confrontation with the NAACP over the effort to change the name of a school. Refering to that victory, he said, ‘The League of the South and other groups were there. The result was victory and a watershed lesson in heritage warfare. The same will happen in South Carolina due to our joining forces there in this magnificient display of unity....For that day, the South was once again ours, and our true flag flew above us by the thousands....We can and will fight. We must do this again in Montgomery, Alabama, March fourth.’ Reaves was referring to the Southern Independence Day rally scheduled for 9am that day.
After the concluding speakers, it was an hour wait in traffic to get into the fairgrounds for the barbeque and afternoon speeches. Dr Michael Hill, president of the League of the South gave a rousing speech, and the Rebelaires entertained with music. Charles Lunsford of the HPA spoke, as did Dr Neill Payne of the SLRC. H. K. Edgarton, a black man who has been working with the SLRC to keep the flag up also spoke.
One participant remarked, ‘The sense of victory and
Winter
the sheer numbers were a part of the beauty of this remarkable event. Everyone who had the privilege of witnessing it will no doubt remember it with fondness as long as they live.*
There were serious efforts to derail the rally up until the last day. On 5 January, three days before the rally, the Columbia Police Department informed Chairman Chris Sullivan that the Coalition would be required to pay the city $7,500 to compensate for 50 additional police officers the city intended to employ on that day.
The Coalition legal team began preparing to file for a hearing. While the team was en route to Columbia, the Columbia Police Department changed its demand. The Coalition was told to pay the heretofore unscheduled payment that day or have the rally permit revoked.
A Southern patriot offered the money and received assurance that in return for providing the funds, the Coalition would file suit against the City of Columbia to retrieve the funds.
A check in the amount of $7,500 was tendered to the Columbia Police Department at 1 pm on Friday, 7 January. Three hours later, at 4 pm, the Columbia Police Department communicated to the SCHC that they would not accept the single check and demanded the amount in 50 separate checks. Refusal by the Coalition, they said, would result in cancellation of the permit. The courts were but one hour from closing.
Chairman Sullivan reacted to this new demand, which seemed to be a last ditch effort by the Columbia Police Department to stop the rally, by paying the demand in cash. The cash payment was accompanied by a letter which pointed out the unconstitutional position of the City of Columbia and the intent to seek remedy in court.
Using precedent established in earlier litigation, the SCHC legal team continued to brow beat the Columbia Police Department until the business week of 17-21 January, when the City informed the Coalition it was going to refund the entire amount.
Thanks to J. A. Hatcher ofSharpsburg, Maryland for the details concerning the effort to derail the rally.
The League of the South
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means. Regular membership $40 annually, $60 couple; Legion of the South $125 continuing annual pledge; Student membership (full-time students only) $20; Send a statement that you support our purpose with your dues, name, address, and phone # to LS, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404
Anti-flag Crowd Size Grows Posthumously
The same folks who estimated the pro-flag march at near 11,000 said the anti-flag march was ‘marginally larger, perhaps 15,000 at most.’
The very first AP report to come out of Columbia on that day was by Jim Davenport. The report began...
‘With signs reading “Your heritage is my slavery,” thousands of people marched today to protest the Confederate flag that flies above the Statehouse and demand a permanent state holiday honoring the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.*
Six paragraphs into this initial report, the following statement was made: ‘Police Chief Charles Austin estimated that at least 10,000 people were involved.’
A Reuters report after this one had the crowd at over 30,000, and other news services began to pick up that figure, as well as reporting numbers from 25-46,000. The final reports swelled the size until after about a week it had settled at 48,000, which has become the ‘official number.’
NAACP Boycott Fails
Edited from Reports by The Edgefield Journal
Despite widespread press reports that the NAACP boycott is having a terrible effect on South Carolina’s economy, an important set of economic indicators show that it is failing. The South Carolina Department of Commerce is reporting that companies invested record amounts in the State during late 1999, after the NAACP boycott announcement last summer.
The South Carolina Department of Revenue keeps a monthly tally of Accommodation Taxes paid by hotels and motels. As those taxes are paid by visitors and collected they are reported to the Department of Revenue. Their numbers show that since the middle of the year of 1999 when the NAACP first announced its boycott, tax revenues to South Carolina have increased approximately 9.6 percent. That means the number of visitors to the state is also up approximately 9.6 percent over the same period as last year. This 9.6 percent increase was during the same period that the black meetings have been canceled.
The Department of Revenue monthly totals of July through November (the last month available at this writing) shows that approximately $19,020,395 was collected in Accommodation Tax in 1998 while $20,851,328 was collected in the same period in 1999. That increase was despite the massive government ordered evacuation in September of 1999 due to hum-
10	Southern Events
Winter 2000
cane Floyd with all of the lost revenue that evacuation entailed. September was a down month 1999 in tax revenues compared with 1998.
Mr Lou Fontana, formerly a reporter for WIS-TV, is now the spokesperson for the SC Department of Tourism. When contacted at his office he seemed to be unaware of the Accommodation Tax figures. He said that his department would not have numbers to report until March, and that tourism for 1999 appeared to be ‘about the same as the previous year.’ A check of the figures from the Department of Revenue, however, shows an increase of 7.7 percent in the first 11 months of 1999 over the same period of 1998.
The yearly rate increase of 7.7 percent, when measured against the 9.7 percent increase during the boycott period, shows that tourism is not only up strongly over the previous year, but that the rate of increase has been greater during the period of the boycott than for the year as a whole.
The major media, most of which is owned by leftleaning news corporations headquartered outside of South Carolina, are trying to create the false idea that the NAACP is succeeding. Every time a black group cancels a meeting, the major media gives it prominent coverage. However, a popular bumper sticker quips, ‘Support the Boycott—Go Away!’
The South Carolina Hospitality Association is also keeping a running tally of the estimated number of groups that do not come to South Carolina and they report it frequently. The figure they are currently reporting is in excess of 1 million dollars in losses. If tax revenues are up almost 2 million dollars at hotels alone, it is reasonable to assume that overall spending is up hundreds of millions of dollars since each visitor spends well over $100 each on average.
Lake High, the past Chairman of the South Carolina League of the South is not surprised by either the increase in tourism or the fact that the Department of Tourism either does not know of it or will not reveal it. ‘First of all,’ High said, ‘you can not expect to hear the true facts, or get a true evaluation of the issues, in the major media. The national media have a political agenda, which is to bring down the flag, and there is no dishonesty they will not perpetrate to accomplish that goal, including hiding the true facts.’
While it is easy for some associations to switch their convention plans and issue a press release, thousands of other people quietly make their own individual decisions and they dont hold press conferences. They just bring their families to South Carolina and have a great time enjoying a quiet, safe, fun filled holiday.
The Columbia Victory And The
Grassroots' Biggest Weakness
☆
by Robert Whitaker
NBC television gave a surprisingly positive report on the January 8 march for the Confederate flag in Columbia. It showed the thousands marching, the Confederate uniforms, the thousands of Confederate flags being carried. But at the end, they said, ‘The business community in South Carolina is afraid of this image of the state.*
‘This image’ was the Confederate flag. ‘This image’ was Southerners parading their own heritage. I cannot think of a better testimony to what this struggle is really all about. The business community wants an end to everything that smacks of the Confederacy, or of genuine Southern history.
So we know where the money interests in South Carolina stand. If there was any doubt. Bob Jones’ blatant betrayal of the traditionalist position made it very clear indeed. He went where the money went.
That is where the money is going, but is that where the future of politics is going? That depends on us. So far, interstate leftist boycotts have never failed to force a state into line. Money has great power, and money is ranged against us. But money cant go it alone.
There is no grassroots support at all for the campaign against the Confederate flag. There is certainly no evidence that blacks rank that flag as one of the main concerns they have in political life. It is strictly a product of white business and its wholly-owned black ‘leadership.* The battle against the flag is all money. The battle for it is all grassroots.
I doubt that any real people were shocked by seeing thousands of South Carolinians marching behind Confederate flags and wearing Confederate uniforms. People expect Southerners to be Southern. NBC’s dire warning is purely a product of money people talking to each other.
But a mass march is not everything. The question that I asked last time still remains: what are all our people going to do after they go home? Are they going to shed their uniforms and become good little obedient conservative servants of the business establishment? Is their bottom-line loyalty to the Republican Party, which dances to the tune the South Carolina business establishment plays?
11	Southern Events
Winter
While we are all being good little Republicans and good little followers of other conservative ‘leaders,’ who is going to watch our ‘leaders?’ When we are suddenly informed one day that a ‘deal’ has been worked out in the state legislature, how are we going to find out who sold us out? Are we still going to care?
Let me warn you once again: if you do not have a memory, you are going to be betrayed again and again. And most conservatives have no memory at all, as I have demonstrated over and over in these columns. Leftists never forgive a betrayal until those who betrayed them do something to make up for it. Rightists just go back to being loyal.
For example, no liberal would ever forgive a betrayal like that of Bob Jones against us until he apologized for it. Now, can anyone imagine any conservative leader ever apologizing to us for any betrayal? Of course not. They never apologize because we forget the betrayal. No one has anything to lose by refusing to apologize to us, because we never demand it.
The money men have won in all their interstate boycotts. Then our leaders apologize for not selling us out quickly enough. Liberals wont stand for anything less than a groveling right, and we never object when our leaders do the groveling.
I have done a lot of marching in my time. I have been in many marches larger than the one in Columbia, and I have seen some of those movements fail.
Movements that defy money fail because money has a built-in memory. Watching the NAACP leader interviewed by NBC, the same thought occurred to me that I have each time I see one of these professional leftist activists: ‘If it weren’t for his ‘movement,’ where could this guy get a job?’ Unlike the thousands of people who spend their time and work and money to get to a march, this guy has nothing in the world to do but push the cause his masters pay him to push.
He’d damn well better. Otherwise he’d have to find real work.
Long after the few months it takes for conservatives to go back to whatever is in the papers, those paid ‘leaders’ on the left will have nothing to do for their pay but stay on their masters’ issues. That is what defeats grassroots movements.
It is the failure of memory that destroys the grassroots movements. The one overwhelming danger is that we will go back to the old groove and let our enemies come up with a fait accompli, a ‘compromise,’ a sellout that nobody is exactly responsible for.
The Tolerance Bigots
&
by Nat Rudulph
Tolerance, according to Random House, has to do with permitting or enduring that which is antithetic or antagonistic to one’s own. Yet those who espouse the word most ardently are the ones most adamant in NOT permitting or enduring that which they perceive as ‘antagonistic’ to their own.
The professed champions of ‘tolerance’ find the Confederate battle flag intolerable. ‘The battle flag is the one that has been co-opted by so many hate groups that it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to separate from the imagery most people of color have for that flag,’ said South Carolina state Representative Gilda Cobb-Hunter.
How then are they able to separate the Cross of Christianity from the abuses done under it over the centuries? And when it comes to Klan symbols, certainly a burning cross is the first that comes to mind.
Some well-meaning folks would compromise the Battleflag on the grounds that it indeed has ‘bad associations* and that once it is gone, our other icons and memorials will be unobjectionable and unmolested. This is why they promote symbols like the First National ‘Stars and Bars’, because they think such symbols have not been ‘tainted’. If we just give in on this, they say, it will be the end of the problem.
This is a serious misunderstanding of the motives of the anti-Southern bigots. They will always need an enemy to justify their organisations’ existence, and they are so consumed by greed for power and by cultural and ethnic malice, they will not rest until all vestiges of the Confederacy are erased.
And they will not stop after eradicating Confederate symbols. Remember that even Southerner George Washington’s name was removed from a school in New Orleans two years ago because he was ‘a slave owner.’ The Battleflag is just the easiest target right now.
If the Stars and Bars, the First National flag, is a good, innocuous replacement for the Battleflag, a compromise that will settle the matter once and for all, then answer this: Why did Carol Moseley-Braun block the renewal of the UDC copyright incorporating that flag when it came up in the US Senate, saying it offended blacks?
On 5 Jan. in Virginia, the statue of Robert E. Lee was spray painted ‘Kill White Devil*. Then on Lee-Jackson-King Day in Virginia, a combined holiday honouring the
12	Southern Events
Winter 2000
lives of Confederate generals Lee and ‘Stonewall’ Jackson, as well as Martin Luther King, Jr., the portrait of Robert E. Lee on the Floodwall Canal was put to the torch by a Molotov Cocktail. This comes on the heels of a vigorous protest last summer to the presence of Lee’s portrait as being ‘offensive’ to blacks. Richmond City Councilman Sa’ad El-Amin, who is black, threatened a boycott of the entire historical display, prompting organisers to alter plans and choose a depiction of Lee in civilian clothes.
Police said the vandalism to the Lee monument didn’t rise to the level of a hate crime, and Police Chief Jerry Oliver said the burning of the Lee image on the mural was not a hate crime, either. ‘We dont know if it was done out of hate or love,’ he said. Really.
Let’s call this abhorrence of the flag what it really is-a thinly veiled hatred of Southern culture. Underneath lurks a serious dislike for Southern white people, stereotyped as ‘rednecks’ or ‘crackers’. When it comes to Southerners, these ‘tolerant’ hypocrites are rude, condescending, and assert the same kind of sentiments they themselves condemn as ‘racism’ or ‘homophobia’ when it is expressed about ‘approved’ ethnic groups or ‘pet’ subcultures.
Smug Yankees and Country-Club-variety Scalawags who think these bigots only have it in for us ignorant ‘crackers’ might want to take note of a recent news item out of Boston. Officials of the Boston Housing Authority want white residents in housing developments to take shamrocks off their doors and windows because non-white residents say they are racially offensive. That’s right, shamrocks are racist.
Those offended by the flag will find a way to be offended by anything if it can benefit them. It is not that they are injured in some way, they are merely looking for some handle to maintain control. They choose not to look at the truth; they choose not to be tolerant. Their ‘tolerance’ is good when it is expedient for them. Whether it is tolerance or intolerance, it is just fine as long as it advances their agenda. That is the real test, not principle, but ‘does it serve my interests?’
Anyone who calls their hand in this duplicity is a ‘racist’, yet they are the prime practitioners of the most insidious form of malicious bigotry of our day. They are hypocrites of unsurpassed arrogance.
‘Racist’ is not a real word, but a weapon disguised as a word. It is hurled by unprincipled social extortionists to manipulate others for their own selfish gain. The worst shame is on those church leaders who are cowed into the ‘racism’ name-calling game and are afraid to call down these true bigots like they deserve.
John Rocker’s interview in Sports Illustrated would have passed unnoticed if he had said he didn’t like the South because he didn’t want to be around trailer parks full of ‘hicks’ married to their cousins, or walk down a street and hear nothing but ‘rednecks’ who couldn’t speak good English. These kinds of remarks are standard entertainment fare, and commonly used by self-hating Southerners in official proclamations.
Consider the Hickory, North Carolina Appearance Commission’s recent statement in rejecting the Sons of Confederate Veterans logo as an addition to their city’s welcome sign. They said, ‘Hickory is a growing, progressive city and does not need the ‘hick town’ image of Welcome signs at the city limits.’ Imagine the uproar if they had banned the public playing of Rap music with a statement like, ‘Hickory is an upscale city and does not need the ‘dark town’ image that vehicles playing loud Rap music conveys.’
What these ‘tolerant’ types desire to do is completely obliterate the cultural expressions of an ethnic group. This they define as ‘racism’, except, of course, when applied to Southerners.
Never thought of Southerners as an ethnic group? Southerners have all the definable characteristics of a separate people-group: a distinctive language, history, mores and culture.
These inclusive multiculturalists want to exclude the Southern culture. They want history rewritten, street names purged, monuments pulled down, and even gravestones altered. They want grandchildren to curse the memory of their grandparents.
They make Goebbels look like a piker compared to their brazen priming of the propaganda pump of cultural genocide. And worse than the Nazis, who at least came right out and said what they were doing, these masters of deceit pretend to be the champions of ‘tolerance’.
The recommended ‘cure’ for John Rocker by these ‘tolerant’ types was ‘psychological treatment’, a page straight out of Stalin’ s playbook. Communists routinely committed political opponents to insane asylums.
Can shock treatment for ‘bigots’ be far behind? And what is a ‘bigot’? Even the Bible is bigoted in some eyes for its condemnation of homosexual acts.
Like the guillotine of the French Revolution, this madness may eventually come back full-circle to these ‘tolerant’, politically-correct types, who are, in fact, the real bigots. Like Robespierre, these walnut-brained miscreants will not foresee the final use of the machine whose blades they have sharpened until they themselves are the objects of its unquenchable thirst.
Winter 2000
Michael Hill Answers the Southern Poverty Law Center Accusations
An SPLC editorial states in the Montgomery Advertiser ‘Bigotry lurks behind the (March 4) Southern Independence event. *
Jjp	☆
It would seem that elements in a society that espouses the virtues of multiculturalism would heartily approve when one of its constituent cultures holds a celebration of that culture. When, for example, African-Americans in the 1960s rediscovered their roots and began showing pride in their heritage, no one objected. Today, celebrating ethnicity is certainly an ‘in’ thing. Ethnic food, fashion, and music are marketed widely. Even immigrants to the US who prefer to retain their own language and culture rather than to ‘assimilate,* aren’t forced to.
So, I ask, what is the problem with a group of Southerners holding a heritage parade and celebration at the state capitol in Montgomery on March 4?
The answer, of course, is nothing is wrong. So why has the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) launched its attack (‘Bigotry Lurks Behind “Southern Independence*’ Event’ by Joe Roy and Heidi Beirich, 13 February 2000) against the Alabama Heritage Coalition (AHC), to which the League of the South belongs, for hosting the event? Frankly, we’re puzzled. The promoters of the March 4th rally certainly aren’t seeking to force participation in the event by anyone who doesn’t wish to. But we understand there are perhaps hundreds who just may want to wave their own cultural banner and exult in who they are. In Columbia, South Carolina, this January, there were literally thousands who did, even by conservative and unfriendly estimates. If alien immigrants can keep their culture, why shouldn’t Southerners keep theirs?
And again, the answer, of course, is that we should. The problem is not with Southern culture or with those who seek to celebrate it. The problem is with the SPLC, its agenda, and tactics, which have been studied and noted by Laird Wilcox—no right-winger, but a longtime member of the ACLU and an activist in the Civil Rights movement of the 1960s. In his 1998 book entitled The Watchdogs: A Close Look at Anti-Racist ‘Watchdog’ Groups, Wilcox says that groups such as the SPLC have ‘a tendency to use underhanded and undemocratic means to attack their enemies. While
claiming “human rights’’ as an agenda, they make it clear that not everyone is “human’’ enough to enjoy those rights.... Watchdog organizations are agenda driven and represent the interests of their constituents. They are lobbying organizations. They are not disinterested, unbiased or objective. Instead of consistently opposing extremist behavior, they often advocate and practice it. They do not advocate fair play and open debate, but rather the suppression of their opponents and critics.’
Could it be that the SPLC is using ‘underhanded and undemocratic means’ to attack the AHC? Could it be that the SPLC doesn’t see Southerners as human enough for human rights, or citizens enough for citizens’ rights such as First Amendment rights? Could it be that the SPLC—not the AHC—is an organization of bigots and extremists? Could it be that the agenda of the Southern Poverty Law Center (are they for or against Southern poverty?) just happens to conflict with a peaceable, public assembly in support of cultural honor and decency? What exactly is their agenda, anyway?
Southerners have an honourable heritage and we have much to celebrate. We have real heroes and are renowned the world over for our Christian hospitality and for the warm, relaxed pace of Southern living. Southern literature is classic, American literature par excellence, and the Southern folk musical tradition rivals any in the world. In contrast to modem American ‘culture,’ the Southern cultural tradition is clean and life enhancing. And I could go on.
The principles involved here are First Amendment freedoms of speech and peaceable assembly. Southerners have these rights too, although they aren’t often exercised, perhaps because so few in seats of power have the courage to give audible assent to such a wildeyed notion.
If the SPLC doesn’t wish to celebrate Southern culture, the Alabama Heritage Coalition suggests its workers sleep late and stay away from the state capitol on Saturday, March 4th, 2000. Instead, we suspect the ‘watchdog group’ will be up early, continuing its tactics of intimidation: ad hominem attack, guilt by association, and quotations culled from proper context.
The Alabama Heritage Coalition and the League of the South heartily invite all proud Southerners to the ‘Southern Independence Day Celebration’ at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery on 4 March.
Dr Michael Hill is the President of the League of the South and a Founding Member of the Alabama Heritage Coalition
The Confederate Flag: Should We Get Rid of It?
from The Sierra Times by J. J. Johnson, Editor-in-Chief,
A Proud Black American A^vkay, so what’s wrong with me? In celebration of WCivil Rights Leader Martin Luther King's day (week?) if I watched enough news, I should be out there with my black brethren yelling, screaming and looking to bum every free waving set of Stars and Bars I run across. So what's wrong? Shouldn't I be offended as well?
In a way, yes. I am. And here's why:
I had ancestors who fought on both sides of that war, which was anything but civil.
Surprised?
Yes, in Northern Mississippi in fact. Cousin against cousin. One man trying to protect what was his, and one who escaped slavery only to be drafted into taking his cousin’s land away. This little fact, along with all the arguments about Southern Heritage, Southern Pride and Remembering the Gentlemen who died in war gets lost in all the noise about why it's so ‘insensitive.*
And I am just fed up with it.
More than that. I'm fed up with the yellow-bellied, white guys who dont have the guts to fight back on the issue. I know, no one wants to get labeled the ‘R’ word. To politicians, it’s a label that's worse than being called a liar, an adulterer or a draft dodger. And heaven knows, you white guys in the public sector better not even bring it up at work or in public. There's a civil rights lawsuit with your name on it. Yet, I know how many of you especially you folks south of the Mason-Dixon line must feel right now.
Wanna fight back?
Hold my coat for a minute.
Where were these protests against OUR Confederate battle flag for the last 135 years? Why are these black people allowing themselves to be manipulated by the media and their left-wing, so-called ‘black leadership?’ Whenever I hear a black person talk about this flag issue, I ask them the same questions. Do you know how long that flag has been flying over those state capitols? Haven't you seen them there before? The answer from most blacks I talk to out west is, ‘who cares?’
Not good enough for the National Association for the Advancement of Career Politicians (NAACP). Not good enough for these modem-day ‘Plantation Pimps’ who cant find any other juvenile criminals to fight for so now they retaliate by ‘dissing’ a great hunk of American
Winter
culture. This is ONLY being done to pander to black voters this political season. You see, back in 1992, folks just decided to bum down Los Angeles while liberal politicians mailed gasoline to the rioters. This time, let’s bum down a heritage instead.
I hope some black person is reading this right now and fuming. You should be. If you think the Confederate flag is insulting to you, you are being used, or as we say it in the hood, you bein’ played - for a fool. By who? Not by those evil conservatives, but by the liberal white man. The ones who’ll take your votes, then tell you you're not good enough to make it on your own.
But there is no sense giving you the same argument many of the Southern Ladies and Gentleman are trying to give now. You dont want to hear them, anyway.
Let's talk about ‘insensitivity,’ shall we?
If you dont mind, some of us with Southern roots are going to find every Vietnamese American citizen in this country, bus them to Washington, DC and protest to have the Vietnam Memorial removed from the park. Why stop there? On the way to Washington, we might as well grab every citizen with German or Japanese ancestors. With enough noise, we can get rid of that World War II Memorial, too. After all. These people all had relatives who were killed by the men and women America honors at those Memorials. You liberal, nothing-else-better-to-do black folks wouldn't mind, would you?
Yes. Let that sink in real good. That's what you're doing to these good people of the South. You are DESECRATING THEIR MEMORIAL. Check that - Our Memorial.
What ever happened to Diversity? Tolerance? Must be a one-sided thing.
Dont give me that ‘Symbol of Slavery’ bull****. If that were the case, turn in all those 1,5,10,20,50, and 100 dollar bills. The faces on these bills were men who were leaders when many blacks were slaves. But let's get down and dirty, shall we?
The worst riot in American history was not in Los Angeles. It was in New York, back in 1863. You see, there were a bunch of people who, like during Vietnam, didn’t want be conscripted (read: drafted) to serve in an unjust war. Talk to your President about that. Over 1200 people died in just two days. Most when President Lincoln sent federal troops in to put down the ‘rebellion.’ Oh, by the way, 83 blacks were lynched in those two days - right there in The Big Apple. So, which flag do you really want taken down?
But since we're all told to boycott, will those leftist, black elected leaders in South Carolina boycott the Statehouse while its in session? I doubt it. Will they
Winter
200C
avoid buying goods in their own state? Doubt it. Our forefathers who wrote the Constitution gave all of us a way to deal with a state’s policies we didn’t like. That's what the South was fighting for. It was not about slavery. If that were the case, we’d be bombing China right now, and we would not accept license plates made with prison labour right here in the good ol’ USA.
Oh. What's the black population percentage in prison these days, anyway? The multicultural extremists cant call me racist, but in the black socialist community, they have even uglier words for people who refuse to live on that ‘plantation,’ such as me. Just ask Clarence Thomas.
So let that flag wave proudly as a monument to the last Army in this country that actually fought for the Constitution. I am proud to have ancestors who fought with them. And for those people who dont want their state to fly the Confederate flag, here a solution that's much easier than protesting: Leave.
There's a term for it. Its called ‘white flight.’
Subscribe to
Southern Events
The Premier Southern Nationalist Publication
Chock full of information, thought-provoking analysis, and great reading for Dixie.
----------- clip	& mail-----------
Send $15 for a one-year subscription to
Southern Events
PO Box 2517
Selma, Alabama 36702-2517
Name______________________________
Address___________________________
City____________State Zip_________
Activities of the Little league
☆
A Report From Auburn University on the Student Chapter of the League of the South by Anna Kirkland Franks
‘Grey’s workin’ in your hair like weeds in young cotton....’ (from Alabamian Douglas Fields Bailey’s novel Devil Make a Third)
We, the Auburn University Student Chapter of the League of the South, had our natural share of weeds this past quarter. Fall Quarter 1999 was our first full quarter of operation; the Student Government Association granted the chapter a charter in May, thanks to the work of others before me. I would like to report on activities of the chapter since then.
Our first activity was participation in Organisations Days, a student government sponsored event for which various organisations set up tables on the Concourse, significant Auburn thoroughfare, in order to recruit new members. Our booth featured Alabama and Battle flags, a sign with national purpose statement, a large sign with ‘Are you Southern?’ and two handouts. Once we asked passers-by the aforementioned question and solicited a confession, we were able to get names and e-mail addresses. In two days we attracted a hundred students.
We had two regular meetings and one special meeting this quarter. Our first meeting had no females in attendance except myself, but the six males present were enthusiastic. They wanted to have an activity this quarter, and the focus of the activity was to be the Confederate Battle Flag. We decided to meet in one week to plan what would become Dixie Day. Interestingly, we had only one returning student for this planning meeting. Nonetheless, three students and two non-students planned for our Dixie Day. We decided we would post fifty flyers inviting students to participate in Dixie Day by wearing Confederate Battle Flags and other Southern items they may already have. Another fifty flyers described what the Confederate Battle Flag really means. Finally, we would run corresponding ads in the student newspaper, the Plainsman. After all, the Auburn Alma Mater begins with ‘On the rolling plains of Dixie...’
Our next regular meeting, more students including females were in attendance. Ten students total attended. We were dismayed to realise that antagonists had removed most of our flyers. We also planned for meetings next quarter, including asking someone from
16 Southern Events
Winter 2000
The Official Clinton-McCain Position on National
Self-Determination
the LSI to come speak to us. Dr. Donald Livingston dubbed us the ‘Little League,’ but he agreed to come speak to us winter quarter.
Dixie Day arrived the Thursday preceding the Iron Bowl, and it proved to be tumultuous. The University posted six policemen. The Plainsman would later report that approximately 30 Auburn students organised to demonstrate against Dixie Day with flyers and signs. The Plainsman also reported exchanges between students, who frequently offered history lessons to their opponents. On the whole the article was fairly balanced as it emphasised our intellectual, alternative historical views. This was particularly a relief because the student editors had written ‘The Confederate flag will always send wrong message’ in an editorial earlier in the quarter, which we responded to as well.
This quarter’s activities have also been documented in our scrapbook, which we hope to make available for viewing at future League functions.
Thank you for the support that many of you have already expressed, even those of you who refer to Auburn as ‘the other university.’ We would like to be aware of any Auburn Alumni that may be sympathetic. The easiest way we can be contacted is through aubumls@hotmail.com, or mail to our advisor, John Sophocleus, 222 Lowder Business Building, Auburn University, AL 36849. Opinions as to whether I should plead or provoke for another university student chapter in this Beautiful State will be greatly appreciated.
The Edgefield Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC. 29824 A Confederate States Nationalist Newspaper An independent newspaper believing in the cause of constitutional government. Send $12.00 for one year, and $24.00 for two years. Include your name, address, and zip code.
Name______________________________
Address___________________________
Clip and Mail
☆
by Robert Whitaker
President Clinton stated the purpose of the Kosovo bombing: ‘We must remember the principle we and our allies have been fighting for in the Balkans is the principle of multi-ethnic, tolerant, inclusive democracy.’ No matter what a country’s population may want, it is the announced purpose of the United States Government to impose the melting pot. This will be done by force if necessary.
In case Clinton's statement did not make this clear enough, let us hear from the United States military: General Wesley Clark stated America’s goal for Europe: ‘Lets not forget what the origin of the problem is. There is no place in modem Europe for ethnically pure states. That's a 19th century idea and we are trying to transition into the 21 st century, and WE ARE GOING TO DO IT WITH MULTI-ETHNIC STATES.’
The only difference between Clinton's position and McCain is that McCain is far more fanatical about it.
Senator McCain demanded that the US consider ground troops to enforce this melting pot policy in Europe. He introduced legislation to increase funding and commitment to crush whoever stands in the way.
This is the official US policy on national self-determination. This is OUR issue. As a Southern Nationalist I am mystified as to how anyone could endorse McCain.
The European Union only took effect recently, and already it has caught up with the US Supreme Court in dictating social policy throughout Europe. A ‘rights’ activist appealed to the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg because parents are allowed to spank children in Britain. They want the Court to declare all spanking to be criminal assault, as it is in Sweden.
Germany’s constitution forbids women to serve in the military. The court struck that down. Britain has a regulation forbidding homosexuals to serve in the armed forces, and nine in ten Britons supports it. The Court struck it down.
Europe follows American trendy liberals, a.k.a. ‘political correctness,* in a slavish way which outdoes
Winter 2000
American courts. Europe, which was once proud of its unique cultures, has now declared that every country on the continent must now be a ‘melting pot,* just like Uncle Sam. The heavy vote for the anti-immigration Freedom Party in Austria has led Europe to threaten a total isolation of that country if that party is allowed into the government.
No voter reaction to the melting pot in Europe will be permitted. As I have said before, this policy applies only to Europe and other white majority countries. No one minds if Japan holds down immigration to a practical zero. Formosa and China and Africa are welcome to remain ethnically and culturally monoracial and monocultural.
But if Austrian voters or Australian voters or American voters react against massive immigration, the whole world must attack it. This is straight, open, and undisguised genocide.
Given his track record, I am sure that McCain and his supporters would label any objection to this policy as racist. If it is, then I am proud to be their idea of a racist.
The time eventually comes when you must either take their labels or be a complete slave and wimp.
+ + +
SUMMER STORM
by Ken Gillespie
Approaching with thundering booming Up from bluffs far away Up from Chickasaw Bluffs looming And the delta of Arkansas clay Bringing the storm of destruction Wind and hail through the day Ripping up roofs abruptly The howling wind of decay,
A tornado is twisting and turning Like a gray snake entwining the sky And all is Black with confusion But the lightning illumines my eyes:
I hear in the thunder another harm I hear in the wind a cry, I see The storm Approaching my nation To destroy it with alien lies.
Mr Ken Gillespie is a Memphis writer and an LS member
Pro-Slavery Amendment
Offered by the North in 1861
☆
by Roger Broxton
While doing legal research for the Confederate Heritage Fund lawsuit to return the Confederate Battle Flag to Alabama's Capitol, I found a startling document which proves irrefutably that the War was not fought by the North to abolish slavery, nor by the South to preserve it. This document is a proposed US Constitutional Amendment, passed by Northern states, which prohibits the US Government from ever abolishing or interfering with slavery in any State. Source: US Statutes At Large (1861), Page 251.
This proposed Amendment was passed by a 2/3 vote of the US House and Senate on 2 March, 1861, AFTER seven Southern States had withdrawn from the Union. It was endorsed by Abraham Lincoln in his first inaugural speech for US president on 4 March, 1861 (See excerpt from speech last paragraph). This Amendment was supposedly ratified by three States before Lincoln provoked war.
This Northern Pro-Slavery Amendment proves that the War For Southern Independence was NOT fought over slavery. If the goal of the North had been to abolish slavery, then the North would never have passed their pro-slavery amendment and if the goal of the South had been to protect slavery, then the South would have remained in the Union and ratified this Northern Pro-Slavery Amendment.
Also, on 2 March, 1861 the Northern controlled US Congress passed The Morrill Tariff Act which imposed an unfair and oppressive 40% sales tax on imported goods shipped mainly to the Southern States. Source: US Statutes At Large (1861), Pages 178-198. The Morrill Tariff Act was designed to force the Southern people to pay most of this import tax to protect the products of the rich and inefficient big businesses up North from European competition, yet the Act excluded cotton, the major product of the South.
The only way the North could collect this tax was to invade the Confederacy and force the Southern people back into the Union at gun point.
We must educate the public concerning this Northern Pro-Slavery Amendment and the Morrill Tariff Act of 1861. These two events, taken together, fly in the face of
Winter 2000
the major misconceptions about the War.
The amendment, with Lincoln’s comments following: [No.13.] Joint Resolution to amend the Constitution of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled That the following article be proposed to the Legislatures of the several States as an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which, when ratified by three-fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as part of the said Constitution, viz.:
Article Thirteen.
‘No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which will authorize or give to Congress the power to abolish or interfere, within any State, with the domestic institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor or service by the laws of said State.’ APPROVED, March 2, 1861.
[Source: US Statutes at Large (1861) page 251 ]
+ + +
Comments From Lincoln’s first inaugural address:
‘I understand a proposed amendment to the constitution- which amendment, however, I have not seen- has passed congress, to the effect that the Federal Government shall never interfere with the domestic institutions of the States, including that of persons held to service. To avoid misconstruction of what I have said, I depart from my purpose not to speak of particular amendments so far as to say that, holding such a provision to now be implied constitutional law, I have no objection to its being made express and irrevocable.’
+ + +
Mr Roger Broxton is President and Founder of the Confederate Heritage fund
GENERAL ROBERT E. LEE’S LAST YEARS
by Joe Ben House
Once great, now broken, stumbling, confused,
In rags, now crawling to Appomattox.
Bloodstained and shoeless, gnawing hunger pains, Empty stares, broken ranks, and tattered flags:
Lee’s dying army of Northern Virginia.
Past victories, dim and buried with men From the privates to generals, now ghosts Who tell the living dead what lies ahead.
Who dreams now of
the Cause that's soaked in blood?
Supplies, guns, food-Oh, for fresh corn-new life—
All just ahead-'We'll raise the Rebel yell!'
But no—Eden's garden's now full of snakes;
All here is Valley Forge, with no Yorktown.
Winter April in the night of noonday;
Smoldering Richmond fading to the East;
To the West, the Valley of life, now dead.
The South widowed, orphaned, dead and buried.
Slowly, a horse—white or pale?—walking slow-The rider, our Moses, arms hanging down,
(Joshua, dead, wounded at Chancellorsville)
A pillar of gray, the wounded voice speaks,
'It is over.' Stunned men stare in silence,
Then one shouts aloud, 'Give us one more fight!'
The warrior captain has offered his sword,
The cavalry will plow, homes be restored.
Some without arms, legs, but born-again souls, Journeying home through time and ruined land To tearful wives, mothers, children unknown To a life of battle dreams, day labors,
Memories of the dead—silent stares.
But what of Lee? Where will the leader go? Arlington, captured, defiled, no home;
Mary, crippled, confined, hands pulling thread,
A daughter dead, soldier sons all alive.
A heart defeated, dying, full of pain Pulling to the grave now five years away.
Where shall the old, defeated soldier go?
Shall northern chains bind him their captive now? Citizenship lost, country lost, hope lost,
The humble and proud Lee looks to his God Who's providences have stricken him down.
Patiently God gives another army,
Some young, some veterans, empty-sleeved.
Armed with books, formed in ranks in classrooms.
A chapel here for prayer, not brush arbor.
Once again General Lee is in command,
Til commanded to abandon this earth,
To ‘strike the tent,’ bow the knee, sing with praise, Join the main force gathered around the throne,
Not Confederacy, but monarchy,
Of the Sovereign glorious heavenly king.
A general once, then defeated, then A teacher—for year after year and more—
Today, we are his students, living now—
Wanting to be like him, failing the test,
But striving so that someday, at some point,
Charging across another field, we'll break,
Crumpling and folding that blue union line.
Mr Joe Ben House is a classical school administrator and League of the South member of Texarkana, Arkansas
Winter
LIIIII
2000 And All That
☆
by Joe Scotchie
Throughout the year and even into the new decade, millennium madness will be with us, usually in the form of annoying advertising devices. To be sure, many Christians, living on the brink of the 21st century, can contemplate an amazing achievement: The rise of their religion from twelve disciples to two billion adherents worldwide today. As far as the media elites were concerned, the year 2000 meant many things (celebrations of technology, the usual diversity propaganda, etc.), the story of Christianity wasn’t one of them.
All over the globe, including the decadent West, anti-Christian forces know what 2000 signified. Here was an historical event they fear and despise. Violence against Christians, especially on the Asian and African continent, has picked up in recent years. In countries as different as Indonesia, Ethiopia, India and the Sudan, Christians have no choice but to shoulder a rifle and fight for physical survival. Such violence also occurred in Europe. The governments of the United States and Great Britain, both of which do their level best to emasculate the Christian identity of their own peoples, bombed the mostly-Orthodox Christian nation of Yugoslavia in order to make its Kosovo province safe for Islamic terrorists and drug runners. Churches and schools were destroyed, civilians were maimed and killed, men with families to support were thrown out of work when their factories were bombed and ruined.
America is not Christian for a variety of reasons. Starting in the 1940s, the courts began playing lawmakers, waging wars against the nation's dominant Christian culture, including notorious rulings on school prayer and abortion. There is our ever-mindless pop culture emanating from Hollywood and Manhattan, and in general, an ethos of consumerism which goes against the spirit of Christianity. Finally, the once-stable American landscape has been upended by a mobile and rootless population, characterized by massive immigration from abroad and a nomadic native population, strangers in their own country, people drifting from the country to the city, the city to the suburbs, and finally, from state to state, all in a vain search for the old American civilization that now only people over 60 can remember. *1 do not believe that Christ abandoned us to chaos,’ the novelist Flannery O’Connor once observed. It's hard, even for well-meaning people, to construct a Christian civilisation under such conditions.
Christians know better than to read (they may scan)
newspapers, watch TV, or patronize the junk flowing from Hollywood. There is also the matter of education. Financial conditions mandate that the burgeoning homeschool movement has its limitations. Likewise, many parents cannot afford tuition at what decent private schools exist. In America, public schools have always represented the radical secularists first and last line of defense. Public schools were the brainstorm of New Englanders, the first Americans to reject Christianity en masse. Their purpose, as its acolytes claimed, was to stop the spread of Christianity in the United States. School-marms, not parents, would shape the minds of young people. For a long while it didn't work. Public schools were under local control, their curriculum reflected local cultures, which for the most part were conservative and Christian. At the same time, however, the public began supporting a welfare state that increased the size and power of the centralized state. The federal government grew into a relentless, unmovable force, through school consolidation and court-ordered busing, it took over public schools; soon, standards began sinking to today’s subThird World levels.
Southerners have felt the main brunt of the federal takeover of their institutions. In the late 1970s and early '80s, conservatives fought back in the form of the religious right, giving millions of votes to unsuspecting Republican Party candidates. Today, public schools have their Bible clubs and some freedom concerning school prayer. But the robber state doesn't give up. In my hometown of Asheville, North Carolina, the mayor, a native of New York, instituted something called ‘Earth Religious Awareness Week’ with a ‘Wiccan priestess’ lecturing on witchcraft to grade school kids, nearly all of whom are baptized Christians. A brazen and futile attempt to de-Christianize this mountain city. Local clergy fired back, wondering why the Madame Mayor, in the name of fair play, doesn’t call for a ‘Lordship of Jesus Christ Week.’
In some cases, Christians have to fight back with weapons. In others, they must talk back to the arrogant powers-to-that-be. In the long run, it is best if they set up their own institutions and let the temples of modernity rot away.
At the last national League of the South meeting, Rev. John Cripps assured the audience that ‘Jesus will prevail.’ Indeed. Despair is not characteristic of a true Christianity. But maybe Christians in developed nations have become too complacent. Not a wise course of inaction. After all, Istanbul was once Constantinople. The Christian era has already endured one Dark Ages. We dont need another.
20 Southern Events
Winter 2000
‘Where the Unreconstructed Eat’
(334)628-3240
Dinner - 11:00am - 2:00pm Supper - 5:00pm - 9:00pm (Fri. ‘til 10 pm; Sat‘til U pm) Catering Services Private Party Room Call or Write for Details P 0 Box 218, Faunsdale, Alabama 36738 CRAWFISH, LIVE - BOILED, ETOUFEE, PIES, ETC.
EAT HERE OR TAKE HOME
Dalriada Books
New and Out-of-Print Books in Celtic, European, Southern, and Military History Featuring y FIRE & SWORD:
Sorley Boy Macdonnell and the Rise of Clan Ian Mor, 1538-1590 by J. Michael Hill (autographed) $30 post-paid.
To order or to receive a free book list, contact Michael Hill 4228 Hillsdale Circle Tuscaloosa, AL 35404 ._________(205) 553-4624________
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Background Music Camcorders Computers VCRs - TVs - Primestar 1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
21 Southern Events
Winter 2000
A Name and a Place of Our Own
iSf--.	^
by Wayne D. Carlson
The modem South, as much as it has conformed to the secular standard of the rest of the country, with its cookie cutter corporate and media driven culture, nevertheless remains distinct. By this I mean that ‘Southerners’ in the traditional sense, not those that merely move to the South, have, among other things, a different way of viewing life and our place in it.
When one realizes that the vast majority of people that settled the South were ‘Celts’ of Scotch-Irish descent, it helps us to understand how a different culture took root in the South as compared to that which evolved in the North, largely settled by those from the lowland southeastern half of the island of Britain. Cracker Culture: Celtic Ways in the Old South, by TCU Professor of History, Dr Grady McWhiney, sheds much light on the origins and permanence of Southern culture. It is interesting to speculate on the parallel to the conflicts in the Old World between England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, and the conflict that erupted here in the nineteenth century. These cultural conflicts seem to be carried over even to the present day. The fact that Ireland, after many centuries of subjugation at the hands of the English are today independent, may point the way towards a resolution of our own internal troubles. Even Scotland is today on the verge of complete independence from England. What does this teach us today about the promises of peace in a multicultural society? I suggest that it teaches us something about human nature and the human condition that we ought to be paying attention to. It suggests to me that multicultural empires, held together by nothing other than the police power of the state, are by their very nature unnatural and tyrannical.
Writing in 1860 on the discordant cultures of the North and the South, George Fitzhugh noted that the divisions were more than mere sectional, but rather that it was the clash ‘between conservatives and revolutionaries...between those who believe in the past, in history, in human experience, and those who foolishly, rashly, and profanely attempt to expel human nature, to bring about a millennium, and inaugurate a future wholly unlike anything that has preceded it.* Dr McWhiney quotes an Englishman of the period who confessed ‘there was nothing Northerners hate with so deep a hatred as Southerners.’ Many Southerners today,
that recognise that their culture is under assault by the forces of political correctness, secular humanism, and government control over the education of our children, are beginning to fight back. We have seen this in the growing interest in all things Southern. We saw it in. Columbia when 10,000 proud Southerners marched on the Capitol to demand that the symbols of their unique heritage be left alone. You can see it on 4 March in Montgomery at ‘Southern Independence Day.*
Like we saw in Columbia, we are sure to get plenty of negative coverage from the hostile media to twist the event into the equivalent of a Klan march, though nothing could be further than the truth. The fact is that Southerners, like the Irish, or like the Scots, are an ethnic group that from the very beginning should have had their own country. An ethnic group is defined as, ‘a member of a minority group who retains the customs, language, or social views of the group.’ It is further defined as, ‘of or relating to, large groups of people classed according to common racial, national, tribal, religious, linguistic, or cultural origin or background.* If, years from now, the grassroots movement we are witnessing towards a return of Southern Nationalistic sentiment, grows sufficiently strong as to seek withdrawal from the federal compact once again, what will be Washington’s response? Will Southern aspirations be crushed once again in the interests of empire? In 1831, John C. Calhoun, then a Southern Senator from the state of South Carolina laid the argument bare when he said, ‘stripped of all its covering, the naked question is whether ours is a federal or consolidated government, a constitutional or absolute one, a government resting solidly on the sovereignty of the States, or on the unrestrained will of the majority, a form of government, as in all other unlimited ones, in which injustice, violence and force must ultimately prevail.’
As the national government moves further and further away from the principles that established this nation, and Constitutional protections are further eroded at the expense of conservative Southerners most deeply held beliefs, many are once again asking this question.
Jefferson Davis, following the collapse of the fledgling nation he led so valiantly, spoke prophetically when he remarked ‘a question settled by violence is bound to reassert itself at another time.’ Is it possible that time draws near? One must wonder at the parallels in the historic struggles for independence in our history, both in the past and the one's which may emerge in the future.
22 Southern Events
Winter
Books of the South
'Truth is Error’s Best Antagonist'
Jefferson Davis. Unconquerable Heart by Felicity Allen $34.95, 808 pages - Likely the finest biography ever written on Davis and by an Alabama scholar. A must for those who want to know President Jefferson Davis Third Alabama!: The Civil War Memoir of Brig. Gen. Cullen Andrews Battle edited by Beck $29.95, 180 pp. Southerners at War: The 38th Ala. Inf. Volunteers by Green $40.00, 403 pp.
A Belle of the Fifties: Mem, of Mrs. Clay of Ala: Social and Political Life in Washington and the South. 1853-66 Reprint of 1905 ed.. Paperback $24.95, cloth $49.95, 462 pp.
Manual of Military Surgery for use of Surgeons in the CS Army with Explanatory Plates of Useful Operations by J. J. Chisolm, MD, $45.00, 584 pp.
Campaigns of Lt. Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest and of Forrest’s Cavalry by Jordan/Pryor, $45.00, 745 pp.
Chaplain Davis and Hood's Texas Brigade (pb) Ed. By Everett, $14.95, 234 pp.
Our Fathers* Fields: A Southern Story by Kibler, $29.95, 444 pp.
The Southern Tradition at Bay: A History of Postbellum Thought by Richard Weaver, $25.00, 400pp Preachers With Power: Four Stalwarts of the South (Baker, Thom well. Palmer. Girardeau) by Kelly,$23.00, 198 pp. Truths of History: Historical Perspective of the War From the South. Viewpoint (pb) by Rutherford, $15.00, 190 pp.
A Defense of Virginia and the South by Dabney $16.00, 356 pp.
Southern Quilts: Surviving relics of the Civil War (pb) Ramsev/Walvogel $19.95, 160 pp.
Confederate Wizards of the Saddle by Bennett H. Young (pb) $15.95, 633 pp.
Dr C. E. Baker - 652 16th Ave. NW - Birmingham, AL 35215 (205) 854-2690, (205) 853-0967 Postage & Handling $2.50 first volume, $1.50 thereafter; Personal Cheques Welcome; No Credit Cards
AT-
HIP.
Miss
Old ^outL dSoob.
TENTION:OLD SOUTH BOOKS HAS CHANGED OWN-	 W	ERS
Henceforth, this fine service will be run	by
Emily Hill. The Kennedy brothers will remain as consultants to
Miss Emily.
WAS JEFFERSON DAVIS RIGHT? This provocative question indeed deserves studied consideration in an age in which the federal government in Washington has stepped across the line of Constitutional restraint and has turned the once-sovereign states into mere administrative appendages of the central government. To find the answer, you can now turn to the book of the same title by James R. and Walter D. Kennedy, the authors of the highly acclaimed THE SOUTH WAS RIGHT! Softcover from Pelican Publishing Co.(Gretna, Louisiana, 1998), 352 pages, 14 photos, numerous illustrations, and extensive bibliography and footnotes. $16.00 plus $3.00 book rate shipping and handling. Order your copy of WAS JEFFERSON DAVIS RIGHT? today and learn why the Confederate President was the greatest of our Southern patriots. Alabama residents please add 8% sales tax.
Old South Books, 4228 Hillsdale Circle, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404 Online catalog Gwwwdixienet.org/ads/commercial/old__south_books/osb.html
23 Southern Events
Winter 2000
"Alabama Proud"
Fly it. Defend it!
State Flag of Alabama
The flag of the State Flag of Alabama was adopted by the act of February 16,1895, introduced into the House of Representatives by Honorable John W.A. Sanford, Jr, then a member from Montgomery county. See Acts, 1894-95, p., 719. The following is a statutory description, taken from the Code of Alabama, 1907, Vol. 1,2058.
The flag of the State. The flag of the State of Aiabama shall be a crimson cross of St. Andrew on a field of white. The bars forming the cross were not to be less than six inches broad and must extend diagonally across the flag from side to side.
As to the form of design submitted in connection with the original bill, the flag was intended by the Legislature to preserve in permanent form some of the most distinctive features of the Confederate battle flag, particularly the St. Andrews cross. This being true, the Alabama flag should be square, and in all of its lines and measurements conform to the well known battle flag of the Confederacy.
Section 2059. When displayed, the flag of the State shall be hoisted on the dome of the capitol when the two houses of the legislature are in session, and shall be used by the State on all occasions when it may be necessary or customary to display a flag, except when in the opinion of the Governor, the national flag should be displayed.
Act of the Legislature September 26,1923
Under an Act approved September 26,1923, theflag of the State, as well as the United States, is required to be displayed every day on which school is in session, at all schools in the State which are supported even in part by public funds. The Act does not intend the flag to be displayed on the walls of the building, but the State Superintendent of Education has ruled that it shall be hoisted on a pole provided for this purpose. Section 4 of the Act requires the school board of the county to furnish and pay for the several flags used in the county.
"Alabama Proud"
Fly it, defend it!
Stated Objectives
1.	To educate the citizens of Alabama on the heritage of our state.
2.	To make the citizens aware of the correct state flag.
3.	To inform the state school systems of the law requiring all publicly funded schools, that they must fly the state flag.
4.	To make local and national corporations aware that we want them to display our state flag at their businesses.
5.	To encourage the citizens of Alabama to start flying the state flag.' Alabama Proud."
6.	To teach our children the state song, and the state flag salute.
7.	To make the citizens aware of the tenth amendment and it's meaning.
8.	To encourage the citizens to be "Alabama Proud."
Bumper Stickers
3* x 11.5' Alabama 'We Dare Defend Our Rights' $1.00 each
Roll Stickers
1' x 1' Alabama State Flag 100/S5.00 or 1000/$20.00
Flag Placards "We Dare Defend our Rights"
12/S12.00 or 48/S36.00
Alabama State Flags (correct) 4' x 4'
$16.00 each
Alabama State Flag Auto Tags Embossed Aluminum
$5.00 each
Alabama Metal Buttons
'Alabama Proud' (round)
"Fly it, defend it!' (with slate flag)
T-Shirts (M, L, XL, XXL, XXXL)
$15.00 each
With State flag on the front (pocket size) and State Motto, Large State flag with the Slate flag salute on the back.
“Alabama Proud”
Fly it, defend it!
DAVID COOKSEY
444 Norii Lake Road Birmingham. AL 35242
Phone: (205) 981-0610 email: coofcsacoOquicMinknet
Flag of Alabama I salute thee.
To thee I pledge nni allegiance. mv sendee, and my life.