Vol. 8 • No.
First Issue of 2003
$4.50
ou
ern
Events

Who Are We?
by Franklin Sanders
Back in December I went to a very expensive marketing seminar out in California. One of the speakers said one thing I couldn’t get out of my mind.4 We all plan and set goals - for a month, a year, two years, ten years -but we ought to set goals for a hundred years.' '
What do we want things to look like in 100 years? What do we want our families, our churches, our country - the South - to look like in 100 years? What we do today - or don’t do - will determine that. If you do nothing, we know exactly what it will look like. It will be George Orwell’s picture of the future:4a boot stamping on a human face, forever. ’ (Continued page 18)
Abe Lincoln’s Civil War Against New York
PART TWO - THE SECOND INVASION
by John Chodes
The first part of this story (in Southern Events' Fourth Issue of 2002) described how, between 1861 and 1865, there were two simultaneous wars being fought in the United States by Abraham Lincoln and his Republican administration.
The first, to prevent the independence of the South, and the second, a civil war against the six Northern states controlled by the Democratic Party, and particularly New York City, as loosely portrayed in the recent movie Gangs of New York. (Continued on page 20)
Jacobin Yankees and ‘Gangs of New York.’
by Clyde Wilson
Martin Scorcese, in an interview, candidly described his new film,
Gangs of New York, as an ‘opera.’ He had been asked whether the events portrayed were true to history. (Continued on page 27)
A CONFEDERATE COLONY - p. 31
A UNIQUE GIFT to Confederate Heritage from Dixie Outfitters pi 8
ART RENEWAL - The Dark Age of Modem Art by James Butler - p. 5
Principled Conservatives And Other Rare Fossils
A Review by Nat Rudulph
Revolt From the Heartland: the Struggle for an Authentic Conservatism by Joe Scotchie
The Right Questions: Truth, Meaning & Public Debate by Phillip E. Johnson
Liberals oppose any exercise of independent, non-conformist thought. They are shallow caricatures, pretenders to critical thinking, robotic narcissists of the most fantastic order. Their concept of open-mindedness is limited to the confines of sexual degeneracy or bizarre aberrations of humanist idealism.
But Conservatives are much worse. They lull uninformed but good-intentioned folks into thinking they stand for conserving the good. But they never take the innovative or principled position. (Full article on page 23)
The Committee for Reparations Demands Quadruple Votes. Spokesman Ubo N'qumbo stated that because blacks have been disenfranchised as many as 12 generations in the US. that the only fair way to right this injustice would be to restore to living blacks the votes actually lost bv their ancestors. He said this would mean all blacks should be able to vote four times or more in every election, while whites would be limited to one vote.
I his story is an April's Fool joke, but don't be Surprised if something like it comes up. Already in Baldwin County, Alabama, there is a serious proposal not too dissimilar.
No black had ever been elected to the Baldwin County Commission, whose four members ran at-large, so the number of commissioners were increased to 7 to boost their chances. This still resulted in a black being elected only one time, and subsequently being turned out.
Fach voter currently picks four separate candidates out of all those running. It is now proposed that blacks be allowed to cast all 4 votes for one candidate, while others would be required to vote for 4 different candidates.
A Confederate Colony is in the Works for South Carolina. J. Pat Baughman is heading the project to establish a gated community with a pond and creek near Abbeville. SC. Only LS, SCV or UDC members may own one of the home sites, and structures must be antebellum style. The 5, 10 and 15 acre properties are reasonably priced. See p. 31 for more information.
A Non-Binding Vote on the Georgia Flag Has Been Promised by Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue, with the l egislature making the final decision. The NAACP and other groups may boycott a statewide vote. At Perdue's inauguration, three airplanes circled overhead with the old flag and messages: ’Sonny Country* ’Let Us Vote -You Promised' ’Barnes Was Just a Warmup.’
Black Confederate Activist H. K. Edgerton Finished His (500+ Mile March Across Dixie on 25 January at a brief ceremony in front of the Texas Supreme Court Building. Edgerton. who started the trek this past October marched an average of 120 miles a week. Funds are still needed for this brave effort at Southern Legal Resource Center, P.O.Box 1235. Black Mountain, NC 28711.
Casting Pearls Before Swine. Critics Pan Gods and
Generals. With a few notable exceptions, reviewers have
had little good to say about this epic. NY Times’ Stephen Holden: ‘Events are confusingly piled onto one other often with too many distracting details.’ Jonathan Foreman of the NY Post called it ‘a shapeless, undramatic mess, dreadfully written, directed and edited, with its generally able cast hamstrung by unspeakable dialogue.’ Translated, this means that the speech, thinking, manners and morals of ordinaiy people 150 years ago is so much head and shoulders above today's, it dumbfounds them. Like a monkey staring at a chandelier, they are ‘confused...distracted’ and befuddled when characters are not stereotyped and crude, or life is not melodramatic. The movie lets the Confederates (as well as Yankees) speak for themselves. It is rated PG-13 for violence.
Historian and author James Robertson, declared that ‘Gods and Generals is the greatest Civil War film I have ever seen, and I have seen every one of them.’
Doug Phillips said, ‘In every generation, one film emerges from the dust heap which is Hollywood and reminds even the most hardened of us skeptics that God can turn ashes into beauty, that He often works outside our tidy little mental boxes, and that there yet remains a witness for Jesus Christ in our culture — though that witness may take the form of a hero speaking from the grave. When I was a young man en route to college, that film was Chariots of Fire, the epic tale of Christian
Olympian Eric Liddell. For our children’s generation, that
film is Gods and Generals.’
Historian Bill Kauffman wrote:
‘The new Warner Brothers picture Gods and Generals is not only the finest movie ever made about the Civil War, it is also the best American historical film. Period. Writer-director Ron Maxwell’s prequel ... is so free of cant, of false notes, of the politically conformist genuflections that we expect in our historical movies, that one watches it as if in a trance, wondering if he hasn’t stumbled into a movie theater in an alternative America.’ Morris Dis-ease Thwarted: The Alabama League of the South Annual Meeting was held in Montgomery at the state capitol building in the archives room on 8 March. The SPLC (which has been presenting programs to Lions Clubs and other groups slandering the LS as a ‘hate group') had tried to get the League thrown out, but brave Dick Brewbaker, the state representative (and not a League member) who had sponsored the League refused to back down. A hundred patriots heard rousing speeches by Michael Hill and Franklin Sanders, as well as a new song by Larry Smith of Basic Gray, a hilarious 10 minute punch at the SPLC, called ‘Morris Disease.’ Cecil Williamson reenacted a speech by Alabamian William Lowndes Yancey, whose portrait overlooked the room.
Alabama Gov. Bob Riley Restarted Repairs on the Confederate Memorial at the historic capitol grounds. The Siegelman administration had halted work last year.
Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 1
The Birmingham News Reports that Senator Hank Sanders and His Wife Rose of Selma has ripped off Alabama’s Educational Trust Fund to the tune of S5.1 million since 2000. (She recently changed her name to Faya Rose Toure’ in honour of a corrupt African dictator.) As state Education budget chairman, the Democratic Senator has diverted these funds to private organisations and schools run by family members.
This has been going on since before 1997, when it was reported to Alabama's Republican Attorney General Bill Pryor. Pryor 'found no reason' to investigate. It has been alleged that Pryor turned a blind eye because he has ambitions to a federal judgeship and knows anyone critical of Sanders gets branded as a racist.
Sanders Wife Rose Has Been Subpoenaed in the Forrest Suit about her activities in inciting a mob to attempt to tear down the Forrest monument. The Friends of Forrest are suing the city of Selma and Mayor Perkins for breaking an agreement, and for refusing to stop the attempt to destroy the monument. The trial is currently in discovery phase with both sides taking depositions.
Blount County Commissioners Ordered Removal of All Confederate Symbols from county property. Commissioner R. C. Smith, the lone vote against the decision in Oneonta, Alabama, said he plans to fight.
The Last Confederate Widow, Mrs Alberta Martin has a state of Alabama Confederate pension as her sole source of income, and it is not enough to meet her expenses. Her guardian, Dr Ken Chancey, is appealing to those who could help her to contact him at P. O. Box 311087, Enterprise, AL 36331. His email address is kwchancey@entercomp.com
‘Jesus and the Confederate Battle Flag: Banned from Our Schools but Forever in Our Hearts’ is the most popular Dixie Outfitters shirt at an Atlanta suburb high school. Many stores selling their products have been banned from malls around the South, but...
The Clothier Has Struck Back With an Exciting New Strategy for Southern Heritage. Details on page 8.
Louisiana NAACP Opposes Reenactment, Alleges Racism. Tommie Willis, a chapter officer, said she was ‘appalled’ that schoolchildren were bused in for the event near DeRidder in late February hosted by a local SCV camp and OCR Chapter. Others claimed that they were offended that it was held in Black History Month (formerly known as February).
Two-thirds of Missourians Oppose the Recent Action by Officials in taking down the Battleflag at two state historic sites where the flag has flown for decades, according to a new poll by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
The ‘Lincoln Reconsidered’ Conference Sponsored by Lewrockwell.com Took Place in Richmond on 22 March. Speakers debunking the Great Prevaricator included Southern Events own regular writer, John Chodes, as well as Tom Dilorenzo, and Joe Stromberg.
The US Historical Society Has Been Selling Replicas of a Lincoln Statue it intends to install in Richmond. Many have protested the statue, and the state Office of Consumer Affairs cited the group for not being registered. Verizon Wireless donated $25,000 to help fund the statue.
The League of the South National Conference Will be 11-12 July at the Abbeville, SC Civic Center. The LSI Summer School will be from 8-11 July. Contact the League at PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207.
BC by JOHNNY HART
OVER HERE WE HAVE EJtABLMEd A DEPARTMENT Of HOMELAND EECURITV TO PROTECT OUR PEOPLE1. I HI6HLy_REC0.MiME#UT TO VOU.

y
r
•Vi
1
*
Southern Rock Band Lynyrd Skynyrd Too Defiantly Southern To Make the Hall of Fame. The creators of Sweet Home Alabama and Freebird have been eligible for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame since 1999. It’s been 25 years since the plane crash that killed Ronnie Van Zant and 5 others, but the Jacksonville band hasn’t made it in as a result of cultural bias.
Jacksonville music columnist Charlie Patton said, ‘The band is too defiantly Southern to appeal to the taste-makers who guard the gates to the cultural pantheon.... Sweet Home Alabama represents the side of Skynyrd that isn’t politically correct. It is, symbolically, a raised middle finger directed at Northern, liberal, politically correct culture. That’s why it draws such a response among its fans. That’s also probably why Hall of Fame voters are happy to ignore Skynyrd. Many must recognize that the symbolic finger is pointing toward them.’
BellSouth, The Real Yellow Pages, Advertising Standards State: 13.02 Confederate Flags - Cuts of ALL Confederate Flags are PROHIBITED from appearing in Yellow Pages advertising, [note: the capitalized ALL ’ and ‘PROHIBITED' is from their document.] A call to the Bell South toll free number 877.573.2597 confirmed this is their policy. Feel free to use their toll free number.
The US National Park Service is Politically Correcting its WBTS Battlefields. Gettysburg Park Superintendent John Latschar said, ‘For the past 100 years, we’ve been presenting this battlefield as the high watermark of the Confederacy and focusing on the personal valour of the soldiers who fought here.... We want to get away from the traditional descriptions.’
Latschar said he was inspired by the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington DC, which sets out to tell a story rather than to display history. (Translation: it will be a fabrication to enhance white guilt, and to scapegoat Southerners as the source of all America’s evils.)
Gail Jarvis said that converting all 27 battlefield sites will cost 300-500 million dollars.
Jarvis said, ‘These costly renovations and revisions have nothing to do with history. They are purely political. Requiring that slavery be designated as the cause of the Civil War enhances the government’s current Civil Rights initiative. Likewise, portraying the Reconstruction Era as beneficial to the nation promotes the idea that central planners in Washington are better qualified to manage the activity of local communities.*
Dixie is the Most Religious Place in the Developed World. Pew Global Attitudes Project in a worldwide poll found that 60% of Americans say religion plays a ‘very important’ role in their lives. This is much higher than any place except in some third world countries. However, if Dixie is factored out of the US numbers, the percentage is near 40%. Seventy-six percent of Alabamians and 52% of all Southerners describe themselves as born-again.
A Harris Poll Reveals a Decline in Orthodoxy among \mericans who call themselves ‘Christian.’ Few
congregants have a biblical worldview. Thirty percent believe in astrology. Twenty-seven percem believe in reincarnation and that they were themselv i reincarnated from other people. Divorce rates are the same among Christians as non-Christians.
Nelson Waller Answers an Important Question Does the Bible Support PC? Someone wrote and asked Mr Nelson Waller of SC the following question:
I am looking for answers. It seems some preachers in Georgia are using the I Corinthians verse about not causing your brother to stumble as an excuse to not restore the 1956 Georgia Flag. How would you respond?
Answer: The Bible also tells us not to move the ancient landmarks that our fathers have set (2 places in Proverbs). This would include such things as the Confederate flag because of all the decent Christian values that are tied to | it. More importantly, the good Book commands us:
1)	not to answer a fool according to his own folly — it’s useless and only encourages him. If the politicians would apply this ONE SIMPLE FOOLPROOF rule, we wouldn’t be having this conversation, or this endless war.
2)	to TRY THE SPIRITS and not take things, people or movements at face value! The anti-flag ‘side’ is driven by hate of God’s order for human living (Psalm 2) and doesn’t deserve to be heard much less heeded. It is completely in bad faith. It’s actually demonic!
Thus it’s only a misguided sense of brotherly love that would seek a specious unity or peace. How sad that the least discerning among us are often men of the cloth!
Ask if your preacher is prepared to support removal of all Confederate monuments, statues, street and town names, likewise for the capitol city of the USA to be changed to ‘Rosaparksington, District ofKingia’ or some such PC moniker. (Well, Washington was a slave owner, and Columbus a genocidal maniac.) This kind of thing is already happening and in all other societies where such cultural cleansing have been ‘tolerated’, ethnic cleansing has followed — the vicious, bestial, merciless kind that means total annihilation of the ‘offensive’ racial group.
Oh, yes, and please ask if there is ever a time when we should concern ourselves with the feelings of Southerners who are offended by the constant defamation of their values, their culture, their accents, their history, and their family.... or do only liberal offendees matter?
[Editor’s note: The Scripture also tells us to speak out for those who cannot speak for themselves. When our ancestors are slandered, libeled and defamed it is our duty to stand up and speak the truth, and defend them.]
The Bush Administration Wants Internet Service Providers to Help Build a Centralized System to Monitor the Internet according to the NY Times. Some Internet companies briefed on the proposal say they worry that such a system would violate the Bill of Rights. An official with a major data services company said it was hard to see how such capabilities could be provided without potential real-time momitoring of individual
C authem Events
Vol. 8 0 No. 1
h
The 2nd Annual Confederate History and Heritage Celebration in Wetumpka, Alabama is scheduled for 12 April. For information contact Gwen Sides @ 334.567.9912, or Mike Whorton @ 334.514.1988.
The Foreign Born in the US Now 11.5 % according to Census Bureau estimates. There were 32.5 million foreign-bom residents in the US in March 2002,2 percent more than the 31.8 million in the previous March.
Citizen Militias, Lawful under the US Constitution, Are Being Watched Closely by a Bush administration whose Immigration and Naturalization Service, including the Border Patrol, has failed miserably do the job these unpaid men are undertaking: to protect their country against an invasion by criminal aliens. Says Chris Simcox, editor of the Arizona's Tombstone Tumbleweed: T dare the president of the United States to arrest Americans who are protecting their own country... We will no longer tolerate the ineptness of the government in dealing with these criminals and drug dealers.’ Simcox says armed militias will patrol public areas to detain illegal aliens every weekend until US troops are put on the border to end the invasion and its vandalism of public and private lands. Courtesy First Freedom.
Thousands of Pro-life Students Across the Country Plan to Wear a Pro-life T-shirt on 28 April. The shirt was banned by a principal Neal McCarthy, principal of Abington Jr. High School in Abington, PA. Under the threat of legal action, he reversed his decision. It says ‘Abortion is Homicide. You will not silence my mes-
sage. You will not mock my God. You will stop killing my generation. Rock for Life.’
Media Research Center Statistics Reveal Abortion Bias from Major Media Outlets. ABC, CBS. and NBC included nine segments on abortion supporters and, notably, MRC says, no segments focusing on the February pro-life rally that took place in the nation’s capital. Although there were tens of thousands of pro-life participants at the rally, more attention was focused on the pro-abortion protests, which gathered only a few hundred participants in opposition to the rally. Dan Rather misled CBS viewers into assuming there were large crowds on both sides of the issue by proclaiming: ‘Tens of thousands of demonstrators on both sides of the issue filled the streets of Washington today.’
Congress Voted to Ban Partial Birth Abortion. Pro-Life Public Opinion Shift Seen. A Zogby survey indicated 22% of Americans have views that are less favourable toward abortion than they held 10 years ago -- nearly twice the number who say they’ve become more pro-choice over the same time period. The pro-life shift is most pronounced among younger Americans, with one third of those ages 18 to 29 saying that abortion should never be legal.. That drops to 23%for those ages 30 to 64, and about 20% for those over age 65.
David Duke to Serve 15 Months in Federal Prison in a Plea Bargain Agreement. Duke pled guilty to Mail Fraud, and admitted that he had gambled away the contributions sent in by donors to his white rights group.
In Memory Of
iizma/ii
This memorial has been provided by an anonymous donor
r
James Butlev ...
Art Renewal
We can consider it a blessing that practically every Southerner has a natural and healthy distaste for ‘modern art.' A few Yankee wannabes may pretend to ‘enjoy’ it, but most folks know modernism for what it is: an unsightly, dehumanising fraud.
We’ve all chuckled at the pointy-headed pseudointellectuals who gaze at a splotch of paint or pile of scrap and declare it to be a work of genius. But really, it’s not very funny.
The Art Renewal Center (artrenewal.org), a foundation dedicated to reviving classical traditions in painting and sculpture, reveals that the art establishment has not been satisfied with merely producing and praising rubbish. While placing themselves on par with Raphael and Rembrandt, modernists mock and disparage classical works and standards.
They particularly vilify the Academics, a superb school of late 19,h century painters. These masters are discredited ‘with a virulence and vituperation so scathing and merciless that one would think they must have been messengers of the devil himself.... And to put the final nail in their coffins, all of their art was banished and their names and accomplishments written right out of history.’
Since World War 1 art professors have taught their students that modem artists ‘provided the world with the most ingenious of all breakthroughs in the history of artistic thought.’ Students are still being taught to ‘deny the evidence of their own senses’ and to judge a crosseyed Picasso or a sloppy Pollock to be superior to a classical (or neo-classical) masterwork. If they fail to see the superiority of bad drawing and slung paint, they are told (through ‘dictatorial brainwashing’) that they lack taste and intelligence.
But it gets worse. Besides warping generations of art students and appreciators, the art establishment removed ’from our institutions of higher learning all the methods, techniques and knowledge of how to train skilled artists.’ Modernists almost succeeded in obliterating from Western memory the skills needed to paint a good painting or carve a good statue. ‘ Five centuries of critical data was nearly thrown into the trash.*
Today, those who actually know the secrets of how to paint and sculpt are but a remnant. Despite being ignored and maligned by the art establishment they have persevered, like Irish monks clinging to their manuscripts
during the Dark Ages.
Indeed, modernism has been something of a Dark Age.
‘Three-quarters of the 20th century will g0 down • history as a great wasteland of [artistic] insanity... fro'n which we are only just starting to awake.’ According to ARC, the prices of modem ‘works’ are falling, while the value of classically inspired art (both Academic and contemporary) is rising. Maybe art lovers are coming to their senses.
Southerners are pretty much used to the atheists, Darwinists and Marxists who run the academic establishment. We are familiar with the tactic of writing certain events and ideas out of history. We are even accustomed to the abuse the establishment flings at anyone who challenges its ideologies. But this little art lesson serves to remind us of how ruthless our enemies are.
In a sense, these cultural commissars have been trying to turn us all into works of modem art - mere blobs, not of paint, but of protoplasm. We are as devoid of beauty and meaning as flickering lights in an empty room (a work of ‘art’ that won the prestigious Turner Prize at the Tate Gallery in London last year). In the end, we are fit only to be ruled by government-as-God.
And don’t forget, your tax money helps fund this stuff.
Realpolitik
Let’s face it, something drastic needs to be done to awaken the mass of Southerners from their Republicanvoting, Limbaugh-listening trance. So lately I’ve embarked on a policy of realpolitik. That’s where you support politics that may be distasteful - if not completely without principle - in the short term, but which are calculated to bring about a greater purpose. The end justifies the means. It is according to this cold, calculating strategy that I now plot the renewal of the secessionist spirit.
I began my machinations (which consist mainly of scratching in my journal and ranting at the pub) by pulling for A1 Gore to steal the 2000 election. He would have ‘won’ despite the opposition of the South, even without carrying his ‘home state.’ But unfortunately the Supreme Court ruled against further recounts, preventing the Democrats from stuffing the boxes, and denying Southerners a badly needed dose of indignation.
Worse still, the court robbed us of what could have been a stirring act of defiance. Florida's legislature stood ready to seat its electors (for Bush) and likely would have even if the court had ruled for recounts. Surely that would have energized the Cause. But it was not to be.
On 9/11/01, hardly had the dust settled before I began plotting to turn the ‘War on Terrorism' to the South’s advantage. Surely all we needed to awake the sleeping giant of secession was for the Feds to parade their stupendous irrationality for all to see. For example, by bombing and occupying foreign territory while
7 Southern Events
Vol. 8 • AJo. 1
continuing to ignore the illegals and undesirables pouring through our own borders.
Even better, I calculated, Congress should pass one of those pre-packaged sets of police and surveillance laws (like after the Oklahoma City bombing), and create a colossal new bureaucracy purporting to defend our ‘Homeland’ even better than the FBI, CIA, BATF, DEA, NS A, DoD, etc.
My plans seemed to be coming to fruition. As if in cahoots the INS even renewed two of the (dead) terrorists’ Visas! But even this immaculate feat of governmental lunacy failed to shake the majority’s faith in the Feds.
So my Lenin-like gaze turned once again to Florida, where Janet Reno was making a run for governor. If we could engineer her victory we’d have a chance at getting the good folks of the Panhandle to secede from Florida and join Alabama. What an inspiration to the US and the world that would be! But Reno didn’t even get the Democratic nomination. Another failure in my Great Game.
At this point I’m enthusiastically supporting A1 Sharpton for President. By putting Sharpton in power, without carrying a single Southern state of course, Southerners might finally notice that the hot water we’ve been steeped in for 140 years has finally reached a boil. But I fear Sharpton will do no better than Reno.
And so I look to that Great White Hope, Hillary Clinton. If the South is ever to reassert its independence, it is essential she be elected President. Well-meaning Southern folk will throw their support to Tom Ridge, Colin Powell or Condoleeza Rice, but in vain. Southerners must be deprived of the illusion of a ‘conservative’ administration. When the South wakes up to find Hillary president, I figure secession fever will spread like wildfire.
Then again, maybe we’ll line up, like good patriotic Americans, for HillaryCare.
My only recourse then will be to support Hillary’s gun confiscation measures. That ought to liven things up.
Mr James Butler of Huntsville is a writer, musician and regualr contributor to Southern Events.
SOUTHERN HERITAGE NEWS & VIEWS
Dedicated to the preservation of Southern Heritage and to defend the honour of our Confederate ancestors. Sent FREE via E-mail.
To subscribe send blank e-mail to: SouthernHeritage-subscribe@topica.com
SOUTHERN HERITAGE NEWS & VIEWS STAY ON THE CUTTING EDGE WITH OUR NEWS, OPINIONS AND UPDATES
General Pershing and Muslim Terrorists
General John J. ‘Black Jack’ Pershing, born in 1860 near Laclede, Mississippi, found a way to stop terrorism.
Just before World War I, there were a number of terrorist attacks on the United States forces in the Philippines by Muslim extremists. General Pershing captured fifty terrorists and had them tied to posts execution style.
He then had his men bring in two pigs and slaughter them in front of the terrorists, who were horrified, since the Koran teaches Muslims to detest pork as unclean.They are commanded not to eat it or even touch pigs at all, nor any of their by-products. To them,touching a pig, the meat of a pig, its blood, etc., could have a muslim instantly barred from paradise and doomed to hell.
The soldiers then soaked their bullets in the pigs blood, and proceeded to execute 49 of the terrorists by firing squad. The soldiers then dug a hole, dumped in the terrorist’s bodies and covered them in the pig’s blood, entrails, etc. They let the 50th man go. And for the next forty-two years, there was not a single Muslim extremist attack in that part of the world!
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Computers
Camcorders - VCRs - TVs 1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
Voices of the South
A Gift from Dixie Outfitters
There have been many calls for the Southern groups to unite and present an effective counter-offensive to the onslaught of political correctness, revisionist history and racist hype that is spewed forth daily in the news media.
We must have a pro-active public relations campaign that will constantly inform the public of our views and issues. To this end, Dixie Outfitters offers to the Southern heritage community a gift. This gift is a professional public relations campaign, staffed by a professional media expert of the highest quality. It is my hope and plan that after this first year, this gift will be a self-perpetuating and self-sustaining effort. This gift is named ‘Voices of the South.’
‘Voices of the South’ is a new public relation campaign headed by Dave Henderson. Dave Henderson is a public relations expert with 35 years experience in public affairs. He is former executive director of the Virginia Jaycees, appointed by President Nixon to the Cost of Living Council, a former Washington lobbyist for Pan American Airlines and others. His other clients have included General William C. Westmoreland. The NY Times, in a front-page story during the Westmoreland v. CBS trial credited him with the first major public relations/legal case. Today, both law schools and schools of journalism use that case in their curriculum.
Dave Henderson and Voices of the South need effective speakers willing to give of their time to tell the world about our noble heritage. We are seeking individuals who will be willing to become the voices for Southern Heritage. Categories of speakers that would be desirable include historians, legal scholars, humorists, leaders of heritage groups, writers, teachers, professors, medical doctors, retirees with unique communications skills and others with the ability to enlighten and entertain audiences. Those audiences would include broadcast as well as live assemblies, newspaper interviews, and other engagements based on available talent. It would be highly desirable to have Americans from all races and religions as participants. We need speakers from all parts of the country so that no matter where the opportunity arises, we will have a qualified spokesman available. We need many speakers so that the task of telling our story will not fall to heavily on any one speaker. Dave’s task will be to locate the right media outlet and schedule the correct speaker for that event.
Those interested in becoming a part of Voices of the South, we urge you to contact us at:
Voices of the South, David W. Henderson, 6313 Gormley Place, Springfield, Virginia 22152 or by E-mail dhender999@aol.com.
Please include a brief biography, address, phone number and E-mail address. Include samples of writing if appropriate. If you are unable to participate, but know of someone you believe could be an effective spokesman or woman, please put him or her in touch with us.
BOOKS OF THE SOlin
l ruth is error s best antagonist.
The Myth of American Slavery 288pp by Donnie Kennedy, co-author of The South Was Right
A Constitutional History of Secession 460 pp by John Remington Graham
The Jewish Confederates 544 pp by Robert N. Rosen
The Civil War Flags of North Carolina (pb) 208pp by G. Dedmonte
Requiem for a Lost City: A Memoir of Atlanta and the Old South 228pp by Sarah C. Clayton Kate: The Journal of a Confederate Nurse (pb) One of the best journals of the War! 321 pp by Kate Cummings Doctors in Gray: The Confederate Medical service (pb) 339 pp by E. Cunningham I Acted From Principle: The Civil War Diary of Dr. William McPheeters
Surgeon, Army of Trans-Mississippi 304 pp Edited by Pitcock & Gurley Repairing the March of Mars: Civil War Diaries of John Samuel Apperson, Hospital Steward 654 pp Ed. by Roper Union and Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun 656 pp Edited by Lance Queen of the Confederacy: The Innocent Deceits of Lucy Holcombe Pickens 288 pp by E. W. Lewis Field Artillery Weapons of the Civil War The authoritative volume on artillery 322 pp Hazlett, Olmstead, and Parks Christ in the Camp Account of Spiritual Work in the Confederate armies 624 pp by J. W. Jones Defend This Old Town: Williamsburg During the Civil War 440 pp by C. K. Dubbs
24.95
24.95
39.95
20.95
32.95
17.95
17.95
34.95
45.00
25.00
24.95 <9.50
28.00
49.95
Dr. C. K. Baker 652 Sixteenth Avenue. NW Birmingham. Alabama 35215 (205 >854-2690 (205 >853-0%7
/>	//	$2.50,	first	Initiate.	SI.50 thereafter; /\.r
('liei/ues ll'elennie. Xo i re Jit ( unh. n,lCfl
Q Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 1
Thoughts On ‘A Cautionary Maxim’
by Robert Salyer
Jim Langcuster of Alabama has recently written a thoughtful article called ‘A Cautionary Maxim’, in which he argues that it would be a very serious mistake for the Southern Movement to formulate an anti-Civil Rights position, or in any way fail to disavow the segregationist policies of the past. He writes this for two apparent reasons. First, to adopt such an anti-Civil Rights stance would fly in the face of the fundamentally libertarian positions which he apparently believes are the essence of the Movement. After all, the US Constitution is a document constructed to preserve liberty, and, after all, in his opinion, the continual disregard of the Constitution is the reason for the fight. Second and furthermore, he maintains that such a stance would only serve to widen the differences between the Southern Movement and the Southern nation as a whole. Unfairness and injustice motivate the people, and to be reactionary would have the Southern people turn their backs even further on the Movement.
With respect, I must disagree with Mr Langcuster. He mistakes the nature of Southern nationalism, as well as the nature of its legitimacy. As such, his admission on Civil Rights, that arguably this legislation works ‘to dilute the delicate federal balance struck by our Founding Fathers in the 18th century,’ entirely misses the point. Additionally, he misapprehends what will awaken and galvanize a people toward self-determination, toward shaking off a socialist republican reverie.
Contra Mr Langcuster, Civil Rights are not merely a possible encroachment upon property and liberty. They are an encroachment upon a people as a people. Property and liberty, while fundamental institutions, are still just places in an order. I do not long for liberty in a foreign land, nor liberty in a newly-constituted multi-cultural cosmopolity. Civil Rights are not just another set of laws liable to misuse by the unscrupulous. They are the very derogation of state legitimacy—an assault on the people as a national identity. How can it be said that one has a right, as against the nation’s society itself? Is not society, the innate manifestation of vox populi, the font for all
positive political rights? Civil Rights are a nation’s war against itself—or rather, in the American case, a war of an elite against a national identity.
The Southern people are either a people, or they are not. Constitutions, constitutional rights and balances, and libertarian ideologies, violated or not, will not change this fact one way or another. That is, the Southern Movement is premised on the notion that there exists a Providentially-created Southern people, a people threatened with extinction. The Movement exists to save that people, and to provide that people with independence.
The Southern Movement is not a mere protest that the written US Constitution has been violated, that its genius
has been upset by overreaching federal empire builders. As brilliant as the constitutional document is, it is only a document. Documents and constitutional schemes can be watersheds in the history of peoples, but they do not ipso facto create nations. Nations are not unlike families in this sense. They are functions of Natural Law, under the guiding hand of historical Providence. So it is with the Southern nation.
Neither are nations mere receptacles for ideology. To justify a state by ideology is to make such a state a mechanism for totalitarianism, regardless of how noble that ideology purports to be. An ideological state ceases to be a nation-state. America long ago gave up the process of gestating into a true nation, instead opting to define itself solely in terms of the political principles of individual liberty and equality, rather than in terms of people, culture, civilisation. This is the meaning of the current drive for multi-cultural supremacy, to destroy all vestiges of community based upon ethnic and cultural ties.
Can it be said that, if I were to emigrate to Japan, that I would have the right to demand Japanese society treat me no different than a Japanese? That the Japanese people not be favoured and sovereign? No doubt I might expect equal treatment so long as my presence did not present a corrosive danger to the Japanese nation. But for Japan to remain Japan, it must safeguard its culture, not permit others to undermine it. Civil Rights as Martin Luther King preached them are nothing more than the harbinger of multi-culturalism, and multi-culturalism in America is the declaration that, here, no indigenous cultures exist. And against this multi-cultural campaign, the Southern peoples have always been arrayed.
Now, Mr Langcuster has argued quite persuasively that the Southern people will not go back and should not go
The Southern Movement is premised on the notion that there exists a Providentially-created Southern people, a people threatened with extinction. The Movement exists to save that people, and to provide that people with independence.
back. In this, he is completely correct. Culture is a function of tradition, and true tradition is living, ever changing and adapting to circumstances. However, with respect to Mr Langcuster’s specific position on segregation— that is, on how to view the institution in retrospect— 1 must again dissent.
Segregation was a mechanism, admittedly a crude bludgeon, invented to preserve the people of the South. It may have been cruel and ultimately ineffective. It may have been in dire need of replacement. But it was not a per se illegitimate device. It existed to prevent exactly what is happening now, the acidic deconstruction of the Southern Confederate nation by a minority populace. The current campaign against the South proves that the segregationists were not wrong.
Standing for segregation was in reality a stand against something else, a something called integration, but probably more aptly named ethnic genocide. Integration has been a used as a sword to destroy the Anglo-Celtic peoples of America. Integration, as practiced by the socialist republic which is America, is ethnic genocide.
Mr Langcuster writes of negotiating with Southern blacks to come to an equitable and harmonious end to our differences, preserving both peace and justice. With these sentiments, one certainly must agree. However, he and I must both face reality. While he counsels an eventual compromise, it is we who must first stand up for ourselves before there will ever be any need for the other side to compromise. Currently, the black population throughout America has an entrenched leadership intransigently opposed to the very idea of our existence. This leadership exists at all levels, not just in the friendly faces of Jesse Jackson and A1 Sharpton. Yes, there are the J. J. Johnsons. Yes, there are brave souls like H. K. Edgerton. But in Germany in the 1940s there were also the Count Stauffen-bergs. Yet, Germany and the Allies were still at war.
Mr Johnson and Mr Edgerton, as exceptions, unfortunately prove the rule. The black population, as a political nation, is today committed to the American socialist republic project. As part of that project, that same black population is committed to the destruction of the Southern people, as a nation. Perhaps something could be done to change this attitude. However, continually altering speech and value so that they are acceptable to the socialist republic’s mores serves only to reinforce those mores. Using Orwellian ‘newsspeak,’ the Southern Movement has taken to talking of racism, hate, discrimination, rights, etc... as much as does the Left.
While there is general agreement that Western Civilisation was seriously threatened by fascism and other socialisms in the early part of the Twentieth Century, not all agree that the West actually survived.
m
That the Southern people are separated from thei Movement is an indication that the former has been brai** washed by the republic. Attacking the brainwashing' rather than speaking as ‘Big Brother’ commands ought to be a natural goal of the Movement.
As to the strategy to reach the Southern people, though I would prefer to think of politics in the terms used in Aristotle’s Nicomachean Ethics, that the end of politics is the Good of Man, Mr Langcuster’s point that modem politics require a fighting strategy is well-taken. He uses the analogy of Hitler’s over-extensions in 1942 and 1943
in the East to counsel political conservatism. He apparently believes that the presence of rampant taxation, government over-regulation, general loss of liberty, and unconstitutional centralization, are in and of themselves sufficient for a Southern reawakening, and that the South dabbles more soul-searching, revolutionary politics at its peril. However, another example exists from World War II that of the Western Front in 1940. World War I had taught both the Allies and the Germans the lesson of futility in offense, the trust in resource management, and tactical conservatism. Yet, whilst the Allies counted on the defence, and slogging, to guarantee eventual victory, the Germans ignored this paradigm, radicalized their tactics, and sliced through Northern France like a knife through gruyere. Likewise, the 1960s saw socialist cosmopolitans rely upon radical new tactics and radical new cultural formations to assault the status quo in America.
Some do not seem to fully grasp the extent of alienation that exists throughout the land. Many realize that ours is not a world of Progress; it is a world of degeneration. Many loathe today’s American society as an oppressive nightmare (even if they do not quite realize it as such) — A Brave New World of evil. The time for reasoned, but fundamental dissent is therefore at hand.
For dissent is cropping up at any rate. When Mr Langcuster writes of the survival of Western Civilisation from the dangers of Nazi Germany, perhaps he does not consider that, while there is general agreement that Western Civilisation was seriously threatened by fascism and other socialisms in the early part of the Twentieth Century, not all agree that the West actually survived. Rather many feel the West has become a disease-ridden body, bloated by fat and power, eaten-up internally by moral cancer and intellectual neurosis. From Pat Buchanan’s The Death of the West, to Tom Wolfe’s Hooking Up, to old Orwell’s 1984; a clarion horn sings. From student protests against globalization, to a renewed
Vol. 8 • No. 1
interest in traditional music, crafts, and cuisine; the people respond. If the Western World has become a corrupt, endangered place, deadly to its people and the greatest danger to civilisation Humanity has ever known, then the time to act, and resist, is now.
The emerging America, the socialist republic, is the South’s enemy. Spiritual, cultural, intellectual, and economic oppression is felt by the open-minded Southerner, the young Southerner. Reaching them is the key to any Movement. They can either be wooed by revolutionary rhetoric from liberals, pagans, Marxists, anarchists, and globalists; or they can brought over to ‘counter-revolutionary’ truth, the truth of their Southern national heritage. However, they can only be brought over to the latter if they are given a true choice. Waxing nostalgic for the Founding Fathers’ constitutional framework, or a time before New Deal economics and federalism, will not suffice. To be relevant, the Southern Movement must realize the truth underlying the fight against Abolitionism and against Civil-Rights, that inherited order and culture do matter, that liberty, equality, fraternity is a mantra of death.
It is not that I ringingly endorse segregation. It is that the spirit and will that empowered, motivated, and informed the destruction of segregation I hate. I am not
alone.
Mr Robert Salyer is a member of the League of the South and a native Floridian.
Robert Whitaker's Corner
A long time I ago, by trial and error, I found the perfect answer to use on a Yankee who badmouths the South. No matter what he says, my first reply is: ‘You know, we didn’t fight a war to keep YOU.’ If you say that and stop right there, it leaves them furious and frustrated. Anything they say is going to be on the defensive.
The greatest war in American history, the war in which more Americans were killed by far than in all America’s other wars combined, was for the express purpose of keeping the South IN the union. AH we wanted was to get away from Yankees. It’s been called the Civil War, the War of the Rebellion and the War of Northern Aggression. The War to Keep the South covers all these names, and is accurate. The War to Keep the South makes the perfect connection between that struggle and the (more recent) civil rights struggle for integration: In both cases the main purpose of America was to keep Southerners from being left alone.
Mr Robert Whitaker's webpage: www.whitakeronline.org
AGRARIAN CHALLENGE 2003
Here’s your chance to move from virtual to real agrarianism. For the third year we are inviting ten (only) people to live with us at the Top of the World Farm for three days and four
nights (6/18 - 6/22/03). You will experience life on the farm as we work cattle, milk cows, gather eggs, harness and work draft horses, throw hay, learn about fencing and building inexpensive, quick housing for animals, plus learn about economical/natural animal remedies, enjoy some of the best home cooking in Tennessee and swim in icy Chisholm Creek. We are offering you a taste of hands-on, non-virtual agrarianism, to see whether it’s all that / 7/ Take My Stand cracked it up to be and have a barrel of laughs doing it. Donation of $200 covers all room and board for an individual, call for family discount prices. A non-refundable $ 100 deposit must reach us by 5/1/03. For more information, call
(888) 218-9226,
Franklin Sanders, P O Box 178, Westpoint, TN. 38486, moneychanger@compuserve.com
12 Southern Events
Doug Marlette’s ‘The Bridge’
A Review by Jimmy Cantrell
In an article I wrote after the death of Eudora Welty, I asserted:
Southern literature today is in terrible shape. Creative Writing programs produce cookie-cutter hacks on the Brave New World model who ape the Yankee a-historical, communityless, Correct-the-Wrongs-of-the-Past-^-yf/rp-Cos/ stance and regurgitate the mild to militant PC tripe that snares remunerative publications and college teaching positions. Compared to such writers. Miss Welty looks like Cervantes reborn, for their work, at best, is essentially that of either Hemingway’s Harry (sold his soul to be a Success) or his ‘poor Julian’ (too stupid to know that his principal subject and the social fawning driving it necessarily shrivel and consume souls).
I have just read a novel that both confirms my belief about the state of affairs in Southern tetters and offers a sliver of hope. I have not read a recently published novel since 1999, when 1 concluded my two-year run of reading all the acclaimed (by mainstream journalism and/or academia) ‘Southern’ fiction writers who have cropped up since the late 1980s. It was an ugly, horrifying task, one that confirmed all the worst fears I had developed white observing the growing hostility, much of it viciously anti-Southern, to traditional teaching of and scholarship on the Southern Renaissance writers and the generation following them. Quite simply, just as if you were deemed too ‘soft’ on the ‘racist,’ ‘sexist’ South and its writers you would be found too tolerant of the intolerable to teach in this age of militant tolerance, if you were an aspiring novelist from the South who wrote about the South and its peoples in a way that offended basic Politically Correct prepossessions you would not find a publisher.
My reading of this 2001 novel came about due to internet chatting. A person who agrees with most of my views on Southern literature and culture and has discussed Southern families with me piqued my interest.
Didn’t you say you spent some time among the reds, pinkos and perverts at UNC Chapel Hill, the message
read.
Yes.
All worthwhile Southern literature, which is based on family and/or community history and tales, reflects grounded truth.
Didn't you tell me everybody calls your grandmother Mama whatever-her-name-is rather than granny or grandma?
Yes.
Didn’t you say your grandfather was named Dalton?
Yes.
And aint you said yourself that you have a natural gift for pissing people off?
Yes.
Well, old boss, you might want to contact a good mean lawyer, cause that bleeding heart liberal Doug Marlette has done stole part of the Cantrell family for his novel. He has taken your fine Norman surname and soiled it with his liberal notions.
I had forgotten who Marlette is and had to ask: Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist and creator of the amusing strip Kudzu.
So I went to the library and checked out The Bridge. It is set in Marlette’s native North Carolina, in a thinly fictionalized version of Hillsborough, the seat of Orange County, which also contains Chapel Hill. In his note following the novel, Marlette declares that his work is largely autobiographical (as my correspondent knew), and he did not make use of my branch of Cantrell family history in the Tar Heel state (my quadruple great-grandfather Cantrell, son of a North Carolina Revolutionary War veteran, went to Tennessee in the first or second year of the nineteenth century). Marlette simply picked a premier Southern name for his fictionalized telling of his family story and somehow hit on a couple of things that are true for my family. I see that as another proof that all worthwhile Southern literature, which is based on family and/or community history and tales, reflects grounded truth. Even when Southern authors are recounting their own family tales, they often unknowingly relate literal truths about other Southern families. Southern literature is, when it is worth reading, a folklore, oral history based storytelling (one Feminazi editor .at a scholarly journal rejected an article of mine because she believed that claim to be controversial and unproven, and perhaps ‘elitist’: such is the idiocy of and mania to eliminate non-leftist speech in contemporary academia).
Those who have read even a couple of my works and Marlette’s novel will know what I most admire in The Bridge. First, Marlette writes a few wonderful sentences. In both complexity and cultural emphasis, I could have penned this pair about narrator Pick Cantrell’s house: An exquisite product of the Federal period in the Colonial style, it stood proud but practical, digni-
13 Southern Ei >enti
Vol. 8 • ATo. 1
fied, yet unpretentious. The restraint and modesty of the Scots-Presbyterians, who settled here in the rolling-wooded terrain of the Piedmont, which reminded them of their beloved homeland, was evident in the understated elegance of all its lines and details (p. 72).
As there are too few such sentences and no more mentioning of the cultural backgrounds of white Southerners, I am most pleased that Marlette has told a few nasty truths that reign supreme in this anti-Southern PC world adored by both leftists and Yankee neoconservatives. In chapter one we see a TV producer at a fancy New York City dinner party declare, ‘“Southerners just sound so ... ignorant. I just can’t take anything they say seriously. I’m a Democrat, of course, but I must say I could barely bring myself to vote for Jimmy Carter because of that accent of his”’ (p. 17).
As I once heard a Yankee-born and -educated professor who was teaching in the South, a thoroughly liberal Democrat, boast of having voted for John Anderson, a liberal Republican running as an Independent, in 1980 because he wanted those backward, hillbilly Southerners out of the capital, I particularly appreciate this fictional revelation.
Cantrell, a cartoonist like the author Marlette, has for a publisher a midwesterner, a ‘bona fide WASP’ who ‘didn’t like my accent.’ This fine, respectable Yankee liberal journalist calls Cantrell a ‘cracker,’ and the narrator presents one of the best recent fictional summations of the ethnic/cultural/regional hatred that best defines PC prejudices:
In our age of political correctness, of mandatory sensitivity, of well-scrubbed and well-policed public discourse, especially in the sanctimonious Northeast, I had noticed that for some reason Yankees like Garvis still freely and without inhibition used insulting epithets for white Southerners like myself. Words like cracker and redneck [the former is a Scottish term for ‘boaster,’ as in good-ole-boy tail-teller, that was picked up by blacks as a term of contempt for poorer Scots-Irish Southerners; the latter is a term originally used by the English to denigrate both Presbyterians and Catholics in both Scotland and the northern English counties that are largely Celtic culturally—JC] flowed contemptuously from their lips with an impunity I found appalling, given the tenor of the times and the poverty, powerlessness, and marginalization of my people (p. 28).
Both contemporary Southern fiction and scholarship on Southern literature are deplorable, ranging from tritely innocuous to sanctimoniously and/or perversely false with the express intent being to make all Southerners ashamed of their heritage and ancestors and penitently supportive of all leftist social, political, and economic goals.
Equally astute is Marlette’s presentation of the specific reason for the widespread acclaim among professors and journalists for novelist Ruffin Strudwick, a flamboyantly homosexual leftist activist. He had written a novel, narrated by a woman ‘who claimed to be Robert E. Lee’s mistress,’ in which Lee and Stonewall Jackson are presented as latent homosexuals: ‘it was taken seriously by the literary gatekeepers, and it established his commercial viability’ [pp. 92-93]). Once you understand that and accept that it describes the defining milieu of college English departments and their counterparts in publishing companies, you will know why both contemporary Southern fiction and scholarship on Southern literature are deplorable, ranging from tritely innocuous to sanctimoniously and/or perversely false with the express intent being to make all Southerners ashamed of their heritage and ancestors and penitently supportive of all leftist social, political, and economic goals.
Finally, I offer this marvelous sentence, a quintessential Cantrell summation of trendy liberal yuppie absurdity, in this case a description of Eno (fictionalized Hillsborough):
Today you catch a whiff not of the cotton mill culture but of the leftover hippie counterculture, as artisans and craftsmen, potters, chefs, and masseuses and other assorted granolas from the sixties who found their way to off-the-beaten-track communities like Eno in hopes of creating their own Woodstock nation now live and work and play, informed by a baby-boomer sitcom idea of small town innocence and community — an acid flashback of Mayberry (126).
The bad about The Bridge (in addition to a needless escaped convict scene near its conclusion that rings less than true to me) is that if it were not for Marlette’s legacy of work as a moderately liberal Southern political cartoonist (as opposed to a militantly anti-Southern Yankee liberal cartoonist), quotes such as those I have provided would have guaranteed that the book would find no publisher. Quite simply, the only people, especially from the South, who are allowed to tell ugly truths involving the South that the PC Left cannot afford to have known (the poverty of most white Southerners until after World War II, black crime rates especially against whites, the massive discrimination against poorer whites required by Affirmative Action’s racial double standards, the hatred
14 Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 1
of Southerners and Southern culture that long have been acceptable to and lauded by the Left and Yankees generally etc.) are those with left of center pedigrees.
Like his fictional counterpart Pick Cantrell, Marlette has produced cartoons that speak for various left-of-cen-ter causes and groups. In fact, the novel opens with the story of how Pick gets fired from his position at a New York paper: he draws a cartoon that lambastes the rock 'n‘ roll Pope John Paul II and the Catholic Church for its refusal to embrace heresy by sanctioning the ordination of women as presbyters/priests (for the record, the Orthodox, most Baptists and Churches of Christ, many Presbyterians, and a few other groups agree with that position. As a 1920s child character says in an unpublished story by the late North Carolina writer Guy Owen [who like Marlette has a mentally ill mother for his autobiographical character], ‘Only Holy Rollers have women preachers."). Because he makes his hero a martyr to the anti-Feminist Catholic Church and because he earned rich and powerful left-of-center friends with his political cartoons, Marlette is allowed to tell a few things that make all leftists squirm and make more than a few of them desperate to shut him up.
But there is a cost. Apparently some of the Chapel Hill-area liberal literary doyens have taken offense to parts of The Bridge. My guess from
years of having watched English department professors] up close is that even with the leftism that dominates the novel (no bad or even rude black characters; a black teenager is raped by a white man; all violence and treachery and bad parenting are executed by whites; Marxists are at least attempting to do good; the Jewish doctor knows and cares more; the children of non-European immigrants are selflessly good and will help save the world; no anti-Southern Leftist UNC or Duke professors are presented; abortion is necessary; church is no more than a vehicle for discussions of factory workers being wronged or for children to learn to sing; no hint the non-wealthy white descendants of the mill workers could be discriminated against by Affirmative Action preferences for blacks), the truths Marlette presents regarding the hatred for white Southerners and for Southern culture, as well as his parodies of leftist-dominated journalism and his less than flattering portrayal of the homosexual Ruffin Strudwick, have marked him as an enemy of the people to the PC multiculturaiists who are the primary gatekeepers to the worlds of fiction publishing, reviewing, and teaching.
It seems to me that two questions now face Marlette, whose career as a writer is established because of good
sales, especially in the South, and the movie made from The Bridge. First, will Marlette use his privileged position to write fiction that accurately presents Southerners and Southern culture from a truly conservative vantage (that is, culturally conservative, which is a far cry from the neoconservatism that dominates today’s Republican Party)? Especially as Southern culture is the most conservative of America’s ethnic and regional cultures, to fail to do so is to fail to capture the South and its heart and soul. Second, will Marlette use his privileged position to help truly conservative Southern voices in fiction, scholarship, and journalism be heard? As we are despised by the gatekeepers as savages whose voices must not be allowed to wound the sensibilities of PC-favoured groups or to persuade others of the rightness of our views, we will be ignored and shut out unless the Doug Marlettes, the honest Southern liberals, take a stand for the whole of Southern culture.
If he fails to do these things, Doug Marlette is ultimately little better than the Garvises and Strudwicks of his fiction, for he will have failed to use his power and position to help combat the nasty marginalization of his people that increasing numbers of leftists and neocon
Republicans openly hope will lead to cultural genocide.
Before I finished writing my article on Doug Marlette’s The Bridge, I visited his website and got (at least some of) the goods on the controversy surrounding the novel and its author. It seems that several of the oh-so-righteous leftist literati hovering around the Research Triangle Park were so incensed by the ‘unjust, insensitive’ portrayal of Ruffin Strudwick (the leftist homosexual novelist whose described work and partying lifestyle are adolescent rebellion, at best) that they felt they had to show their love of tolerance and free speech, as well as their morally superior manners and sense of fair play, by surreptitiously trying to keep the offending novel from being sold and discussed. Strudwick evidently reminds more than a few of the leftist literati of Allan Gurganus, and such an unflattering portrayal obviously proves Marlette to be a homophobic brute picking on a writer beloved by all the beautiful people who matter, a writer with the courage to attack the legacy of the racist, sexist Old South and the poor white trash soiling our tolerant, diverse times with its opposition to Affirmative ActiQn preferences for blacks and its dearth of lament for the cosmically tragic deaths of promiscuous homosexual artistes.
The furor is not simply because a few writers and professors are reflexively defensive of the hurt feelings of a
The anti-Southern culture weavers of leftism have hegemonic control over virtually all universities in the South.
Vol. 8 • No. 1
homosexual writer who apparently takes delight in skewering the types of people he finds objectionable while expecting that everyone will have only delightfully worshipful things to say about him and his pets (races and religions as well as causes and sexual games with rodents). The overriding issue is that a well-known liberal with a track record of lampooning the white half— and not the black half—of the worst of the anti-intellectual ‘Christian’ South (Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker and the PTL) has revealed counter-revolutionary tendencies. And that cannot be tolerated, for toleration could lead to more such writing that fails to bow face and chest in the dirt Oriental style (thus non-Western, multicultural, and good) before the sacrosanct PC code.
Long before Antonio Gramsci delineated the long march through the institutions as the way for cultural Marxists to destroy Western Christian Civilization and establish the agnostic/ atheist Socialist Paradise, modern-era leftists began using the weaving technique to capture institutions (neoconservatives later took the path blazed by their leftist forebears). If you silently weave into the fabric of an institution without tipping your hand as to your ultimate goals, you lay the foundation to take full control and then systematically eliminate all potential opposition. If you are suspected before you achieve your goals, you slowly weave back a little while feigning innocence and claiming a gentle, compassionate heart assailed by the mean-spirited, intolerant, and enviously backward. When the storm of suspicion subsides, you slowly begin to weave back in, going further than before. Eventually, you will have woven in so far that when the naive (and/or ignorant and/or over-confident) conservatives and moderates realize what is at stake, they will be required to rip the fabric, perhaps irrevocably, in order to remove you.
Because humans prefer ease, despise rebuilding, loathe admitting they were scammed, and tend toward childish optimism, most people at that point will refuse to rip the fabric, instead convincing themselves they can keep it whole and then cure the illness, perhaps by appealing to the good heart and common sense of the weaver. They have about as much chance doing that as the man with gangrene from his ankle halfway up his thigh has of keeping his leg without dying. At least Larry MacMurtry’s Gus McRae made an informed choice to die rather than live as a helpless cripple; he did not womanishly convince himself he could live and be healthy in keeping
the rotting, putrid flesh.
The anti-Southern culture weavers of leftism have hegemonic control over virtually all universities in the South; they even have near total control of the Society for the Study of Southern Literature. The very few alleged ‘conservatives’ possessing any status in that group (the secondary gatekeeper—good standing in the ultra-leftist Modern Language Association is primary—to a career as a professor of Southern letters) are like the University of Southern Mississippi’s Noel Polk: politically moderate to liberal, religiously a Baptist who screams for women Pastors, a knowing ‘southerner’ rather than Southerner who boasts of being ‘bored' by the War and supports most attacks on Southern heritage and identity as necessary opposition to the unique racist
legacy of the South. With professed friends like that, who far too often are serviceable villains for the Left, true Southern culture (like any form of the Old Right, European as well as American) must wage defensive war on numerous fronts and must survive underground, as a hunted, hated, and feared outlaw the powers froth at the mouth to exterminate: exactly as Celtic cultures barely managed to survive English imperialism.
The cultural Marxist Left (like its political Marxist half) can brook no opposition, nor any widespread knowledge that could be used by potential opposition. It is satisfied and safe only with near 100 percent control of what is published by the mainstream press and the university press world and what is taught in universities. And that is the underlying reason The Bridge, and its author, must be attacked.
Marlette tells too much to keep his peers happy. Just as lifetime left-of-center journalist Bernard Goldberg has been vilified for telling the truth about strong bias at CBS News against conservatives and conservatism and for anything or anyone left of center, anyone who has been accepted inside the world of contemporary journalism, literature, and academia who then informs the world-at-large about the depth and openness of hatred for white Southerners and Southern culture by America’s modern-educated liberal elite is a traitor to PC. Worse, that traitor is guilty of writing things that the Right co.uld use to stir up the rednecks, hillbillies, and poor white trash (who are to be seen working hard to pay taxes to maintain Affirmative Action programs that discriminate against their children, and definitely are not to be heard).
Anyone who has been accepted inside the world of contemporary journalism, literature, and academia who then informs the world-at-large about the depth and openness of hatred for white Southerners and Southern culture by America’s modern-educated liberal elite, is a traitor to PC.
Vol. 8 • No. 1
16 St ntiliern E rents
Key to the myth that sustains the (particularly black) leftist hatred of Southerners is the notion that slavery in America (which is to be blamed exclusively on the whole of Southern culture and not on English and New England Trans-Atlantic slave shippers or the African chiefs who made fortunes selling other Africans first to Arabs and then to Europeans) somehow benefited all white Southerners. Marlette’s novel provides a good antidote to such absurdity. In any society in which agriculture is the basis of the economy and slavery is legal, those who farm and lack the resources to purchase slaves are at a distinct disadvantage. Estimates of the numbers of Southerners who owned slaves vary, but the median number is fifteen percent. In addition, it is indisputable that the preponderance of that minority of Southerners who owned slaves did not own a large plantation with dozens or hundreds of slaves; rather, the preponderance of the minority of slave-owning Southerners owned one to five or six slaves who helped him work, say, forty to a couple hundred acres or at a lively or smithy or general store.
Those were the economically fortunate Southerners. The landless and those who owned a few acres of rocky, thin-soiled land (the majority of white Southerners) rarely lived much above sustainably poverty; most usually fed themselves adequately, but none earned money for children’s college or to buy a plantation or store or have the leisure time to join radical organisations that excoriated the motes and beams in the eyes of others. Quite simply, the existence of slavery economically harmed the majority of white Southerners. Marlette’s novel shows that the vast majority of white Southerners had not been able to escape the economic legacy of slavery even by the 1930s. Life as a mill worker is presented as harsh, exhausting, and terribly unsafe. In addition, the mill workers earned so little that their children, by the early teens, typically had to quit school and work at the mill, six days per week, in order to help the family survive. Even then, pay was so low that death or injury that led to work being missed all but guaranteed eviction and homelessness.
That alone is sufficient to make leftists apprehensive, but Mama Lucy Barlow Cantrell’s explanation that her father’s giving up share-cropping for mill work was a big step up economically (p. 87) will make most leftists furious: for the thinking person will realize that as Pick Cantrell says, his people, the non-rich 80-90 percent of white Southerners, were beset, in the twentieth century as well as in the nineteenth, with ‘poverty, powerlessness, and marginalization.’ To label such people victimizers
who exploited others monstrously, whose ancestors must commit cultural hara-kiri and pay through the nose (Affirmative Action, reparations for slavery, etc.), is tyrannical absurdity and potential for horror well beyond the French Revolution Reign of Terror and perhaps equalled only by Joseph Stalin and Marxist successors like Mao and Pol Pot (with ‘anti-racist’ African hero Robert Mugabe making a run for the roses).
Vanderbilt University’s Jonathan Farley, son of two immigrants who is a perfect proof of the mushrooming blessings of both Affirmative Action preferences for blacks and multiculturalism, is fairly typical of leftist academics and writers (though more open and honest than all but a few) in abhorring everything that is truly Southern culturally and historically and in calling for mass slaughter of the culturally incorrect populace. All leftist revolutionaries must declare an evil class and/or race to mark as deserving of at least near-extermination,
with survivors reeducated to hate their ancestors (hereditary monarchs/ nobles and Celtic peoples and Catholics to English Puritans; Jews
O	'
and Slavs to German National Socialists; kulaks and capitalists and Orthodox Christians to Soviets, etc.). The South-hating leftists must see Southerners as peculiarly guilty and never wronged. That means that the thinking leftist will recoil furiously from Marlette’s fictional presentation of many of the mill strike leaders having been placed inside barbed wire fence compounds: similar to POW camps (p. 277). If white Christians, specifically the reviled Southerners who are pronounced the worst abusers, have been so subjected at various times and places in America, then perhaps governmental redress based on all whites as beneficiaries of injustice who must now offer endless compensation to blacks (who are all perfectly innocent victims deserving race-exclusive socialist aid) is flawed - to say the least.
The Left simply cannot allow too many people to consider such reasonable, logical thoughts.
And that is not the extent of Marlette’s sinfulness according to the religion of PC. The feminist take on Southern culture is that it is the most sexist part of sexist America, which means Southern women are the most abused, neglected, mistreated, downtrodden of all female victims of inherent male brutality (note: as it would be racist to accuse black men of sexism—and possibly could poison the feminist-black alliance to punish the evil Christian white man—most feminists manage to exempt black men from charges of inherent sexist brutality; when blacks, even in vast majority, exhibit such traits, the fault
To be accused by the Left is to be guilty of betraying the revolution to establish the Rights of Man and to deserve hard labour in Siberia if not death.
is obviously white male racism that caused the blacks to misbehave: leftist thought is easy to master).
Mama Lucy flies in the face of such feminist understanding. Pick describes her as having a ‘hellish temperament,’ of being a ‘one-woman totalitarian regime’ who ‘purged her rivals with Stalinesque efficiency’ (p.83). It is no mistake that faux-conservative columnist Kathleen Parker approvingly labels Mama Lucy, ‘a fiery feminist rebel to put today’s poseurs to shame.’ Mama Lucy does put today’s feminists to shame: in both taking bold stands that almost cost her life (as opposed to limousine liberal feminists lunching among the beautiful people, such as Allan Gurganus) and in destroying much of her family without any help from either Big Government or a bevy of leftist professors and activists. Pick persists in unlocking his family’s buried history, and he learns why his grandmother made her husband live in a shed behind the house: she wrongly blamed him for covering up for his brother, whom she erroneously believed killed her best friend at the 1934 mill strike.
Pause for a moment with that picture of nascent feminist that the Southern-culture-despising, Party-of-Lincoln neocons, almost as much as leftists, will admire and praise. Not only does she wrongly accuse and refuse to hear denials of guilt (that is the pattern of all PC), but she punishes the innocent. Her husband is guilty only of being too soft on his wife. Perhaps because he had lost his first wife to illness, Dalton Cantrell indulges the much younger Lucy and silently suffers her wrongheaded abuse. As Walker Percy’s Father Smith says in The Thanatos Syndrome, ‘Tenderness leads to the gas chambers.’
Had he been a tenth the female-using and abusing violent brute anti-Southern feminists assume of white Southern men, especially of Dalton Cantrell’s time and class, he would have smacked her into compliance with her duties to her children if not to him (of course, to fulfill her duties to her children, a woman must also fulfill her duties to her husband; ditto for a man). The result of his failure to be a man and provide moral leadership for his family is that the ‘fiery feminist rebel’ irreparably mars the lives of all their children and most of their grandchildren. The most horrible part of the book is not the one when guards attack strikers, nor the one when Mama Lucy’s brother, a strike leader, is murdered; rather, the most horrible part of The Bridge is when Pick reveals that his grandmother traipsed to honky-tonks with her oldest daughter, the one who later commits suicide. Mama Lucy, truly a forerunner of today’s feminists, falsely accuses, refuses to hear cases for innocence because her heart and prejudices tell her who and what are right.
Vol. 8 • No. 1
teaches her children by her actions that husbands are not be respected but must continue to provide money and try to clean up the messes, and shows her children how to party like Madonna.
Pick may need to make peace with his grandmother in order to move on with his life, but an astute reader not perverted by feminism will see that Mama Lucy is little more than a poor, uneducated version of today's privileged academic FemiNazi: destroying everything in her path as she monomaniacally drives headlong to punish all males she knows to be guilty and to spiritually and emotionally break the remaining males and females so that they seek only to serve and validate her whims. It is no wonder that Pick’s academic and literary friends, including Ruffin Strudwick, would want to celebrate Mama Lucy and her life. You can bet that Hollywood will film the story for much the same reason.
Thanks to the Civil Rights movement that was infested with and addled by cultural Marxists, we now live with a PC version of Arthur Koestler’s Darkness at Noon: to be accused by the Left is to be guilty of betraying the revolution to establish the Rights of Man and to deserve hard labour in Siberia if not death. We know Doug Marlette is unflinching in the face of verbal assaults and death threats from infuriated Mohammedans and Zionists and Holy Rollers. It remains to be seen whether he has the character to see and tell much more of the truth about Southern culture, truth inimical to mass support for leftist hatred of the South and Southerners. If he does, he will inspire a few others, and that will further infuriate the leftist gatekeepers at publishing companies, literary journals, Creative Writing programs, and English departments.
Mr Jimmy Cantrell is a writer and Tennessee native. He is married, with hvo children and one genetically produced, poorly behaved Dachshund. This article has appeared online at thetexasmercury.com and patriotist.com.
Southern Events
For a one year subscription mail $16 cheque or money order to SOUTHERN EVENTS POBOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702-2517
1 ^ Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 1
Who Are We and What Do We Want?
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE) by Franklin Sanders
What do you want things to look like in 100 years?
In 100 years, you’ll be dead. It won’t matter a bit to you - only to your children and your grandchildren, and all your grandchildren from now 'til the end of time.
Everyone reading this sees a problem. Every one of us knows that we must do something, but what?
WHO ARE WE?
But before you can ask, ‘What do we want?’ you have to know who ‘we’ comprehends. First, let’s consider who we are not.
We are not conservatives. Now that may shock some of you, but think about it a second. What have conservatives ever conserved in your lifetime? Answer? Not a blessed thing. Not one principle, not one right, not one piece of property, not even one life. For all their puffing and blowing and posturing, conservatives have proven themselves completely feckless and ineffectual. While they puffed and blew, forty-five million dead babies have piled up to heaven. If conservatives can’t stop murder, what can they stop?
One by one, piece by piece, our ancient rights, rights older than Magna Charta, have been stolen from us whilel conservatives stood silent and by their participation blessed the oppression. And now we are come to the day when even habeas corpus, the most sacred right of an Englishman and American not to be arrested and held on the whim of tyrants, even that right is trampled upon by conservatives in their mad rush to ‘protect the country.’ Modern conservatism has failed. If we ever were conservatives, we are no longer.
We are not libertarians. We recognise that there is more to freedom than simply the freedom to do whatever you want as long as it hurts nobody else. We are still what James Henly Thornwell called 135 years ago, ‘The friends of ordered liberty.’
What does that mean? That human liberty is not absolute, but subject to the law of God, that the creature depends wholly upon the Creator. We reject both anarchy
and tyranny, both individualism and collectivism. We understand that neither the individual nor the group is ultimate, but the rights of each must be balanced. The citizen does not exist without the commonwealth, nor the commonwealth without the citizen. Society has, and must have, structure and hierarchy.
We are not the White Folks Liberation front. We are not founded on racial hatred or race theories. We are not the Klan with college degrees. We don’t say one thing on race and mean another. We believe that government enforced quotas and legislated discrimination can never achieve racial harmony and reconciliation. That is possible only under the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
We are not constitutionalists. While the United States Constitution of 1789 was an epochal exercise of skilful statecraft, it failed in 1861. It was intended to ‘form a more perfect union,’ but that union failed. It was intended to protect diversity within unity, but it failed. Since then a tyranny has worked to impose uniformity onto unity.
Not only has the constitution failed at the national level, but also at the individual level. The common law rights which the Bill of Rights aimed to protect have been eroded or abrogated, and what rights remain live on in
mortal peril. I know. I’ve seen the SWAT team on my own front porch. I have seen Patriot Act I, and I know what is coming in Patriot Act II.
We are not ideologues of any kind. We don’t belong to conservatism, liberalism, libertarianism, statism, communism, fascism, capitalism, or any other -ism. We do not view mankind the way bubonic plague views fleas, as a mere witless carrier for some disease imposed from above. We are not trying to create a utopia for any ideology. We do not believe that ideologies can cure our illnesses.
Who are we then, and what do we believe?
We are not a movement, we are not an ideology, we are not a constitution, we are a people. The Southern people, created by the Providence of God.
As Michael Hill put it, ‘[We are] the very descendants of those who settled it and fought for it from colonial times until 1865. We were bom here, and by God’s grace, this is our land.’
We are the people scorned and oppressed, milked and murdered, by the mighty — by Puritan tyrants and Stuart tyrants and English tyrants, by English dragoons in Scotland, by rack-renting English landlords in Ireland and Scotland, by kings and nobles in France and England.
For all their puffing and blowing and posturing, conservatives have proven themselves completely feckless and ineffectual. While they puffed and blew, forty-five million dead babies have piled up to heaven. If conservatives can’t stop murder, what can they stop?
IQ Southern Events
Vol. 8 • Mo. 1
We are the sons and daughters of the people who made a covenant with God and crossed that ocean and climbed the Blue Ridge and watered the land with their sweat and their blood and fed it with the bones and bodies of wives and husbands and children. We are the children of people who fought Indians and Frenchmen and British and Yankees, and Reconstruction and poverty and boll weevils and pellagra and hook worm and everything else hell and Yankees could throw at us - and survived it all by the grace of God.
We are the ' people whom Providence has hammered into this land like a mighty iron stake, and we cannot be pulled out. We are the children who sayA ‘My people have been here 400 years, and nobody is running me out.’
WHAT DO WE WANT?
Any man who sets out to change society’s status quo had better beware. No matter how bad things are - how corrupt, how tyrannical, how immoral and degraded -they can always get worse. Men ought to approach such changes with humility, with fear and trembling, lest they make a bad mess worse. Most of all we must avoid violence.
The Scriptures warn us against revolution.
My son, fear thou the LORD and the king: and meddle not with them that are given to change: For their calamity shall rise suddenly; and who knoweth the ruin of them both?
-Proverbs 24:21-22
But who are the Revolutionaries?
We haven’t left the old paths, the Yankee government has. We haven’t removed the landmarks of our fathers -they have. We haven’t promoted the murder of 45 million - they have. We haven’t scoured and raked the country to roust God out of every heart and hiding place, out of every schoolroom and football game and school board meeting - they have. We haven’t set children against mother and father, wife against husband, woman against man, race against race - they have. We haven’t legitimized every form of fornication and foulness - they have. We haven’t driven the farmer off the land and the smallholder out of his property and made our people renters & strangers in their own land - they have. We haven’t traversed the globe with our armies and fleets, bombing cities and nations and imposing upon them our imperial will or death I they have.
We were content to live - a separate Christian people with our own language and culture and ways - in union
with them as long as they left us alone. All we ever asked was to be left alone. But they haven’t left us alone, and they will never leave us alone. They will never stop until they have erased every vestige of our Christianity and our South and our Southemness from our land and our children, or until we have our own, separate country.
What do we want? We don’t just want a ‘better deal.’ If that’s all you want, get 3 government job where you’ll get full benefits and inflation adjusted wage raises every year.
What do we want? We want out. We want our own nation. We want a new nation, a nation obedient to God. We want liberty, not license. We want our owh nation, because we are our own people.
The best way I know to express it is with a prayer. Would you please pray with me?
O God, our Father,
Look down from heaven and have pity on the South, Our country without place or name;
Forget not, O Father, your covenant with our fathers, But renew your mercy to us their children,
And so turn the hearts of our people toward you,
That with repentance and joy they would once again Love and serve you alone;
And grant that,
Having taught us to govern ourselves By your Spirit and your law,
You would be graciously pleased to grant us,
A name and place among the nations of the earth, That we might lead them in serving you,
Through our Lord Jesus Christ,
Who lives and reigns With you and the Holy Ghost,
Ever one God, world without end, Amen.
God save the South!
Mr Franklin Sanders lives at Dogwood Mudhole, Tennessee, and is a director of the League of the South. He gave this speech at the Alabama League of the South annual meeting 8 March 2003 in Montgomery.
JOIN THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and Independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
Regular Membership $40 per person annually, $60 for husband and wife. To join send a statement that you support our purpose (stated above) with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to L.S., PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207.
We don’t belong to conservatism, liberalism, libertarianism, statism, communism, fascism, capitalism, or any other —ism. We are not a movement, we are not an ideology, we are not a constitution, WE ARE A PEOPLE.
20 Sou them Events
Vol. 8 • AJo. 1
Abraham Lincoln’s Civil War Against New York - Part Two
I	(CONTINUED	FROM PAGE ONE)
by John Chodes
The issues that provoked New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin into insurrection were: the arrests of 38,000 civilians as traitors, their convictions by military tribunals, and their being jailed in military prisons without the benefit of a Writ of Habeas Corpus or a jury trial. Many were Democrats. Their property was confiscated. Many disappeared forever without a trace. Opposition newspapers were closed and their editors imprisoned. The movement for an armed confrontation escalated with the arrest, conviction and deportation of the nationally prominent Ohio Democratic Congressman, Clement Vallandigham. He dared to publicly condemn Lincoln’s methods against his political rivals. New York, the most populous state in the Union, began to arm and train its militia and citizens in secret defiance.
The event that was the straw that broke the New Yorkers* back was the Conscription Bill. This law nationalized the drafting of men into the army. The Democrats, as advocates of state sovereignty, were opposed to Washington’s interference in the process.
Horatio Seymour, New York’s Democratic governor, refused to participate in this Federal coercion until the legality of this law could be tested by the Supreme Court. Abraham Lincoln would not wait.
With that response. New Yorkers launched a daring, largescale attack on governmental and military facilities to preempt the inevitable invasion by the Union army, to enforce the draft. The resulting four days of carnage in New York City’s streets, in July 1863, was the longest battle of the entire war. It was the only major urban conflict, with enormous casualties, only surpassed by Gettysburg. The Union forces, with superior numbers, finally won. New York was occupied like a conquered Confederate state. This tremendous struggle was recently presented in a fictionalized, misleading way in the hit movie. Gangs of New York.
This set the state for the next phase: a second invasion, with different objectives.
Election of 1864: Prelude to Second Invasion In August 1864 Lincoln was told by Republican leaders
that his November re-election prospects were hopeless. Horace Greeley, the editor of the New York Tribune, one of the major Republican newspapers, wrote Lincoln that if the election was held in August, the Democrats would carry New York by a 100,000 majority.
General Benjamin Butler was one of the most controversial officers in the Union army. He had political ambitions as a Republican and in the final phase of the national campaign Butler divided his time between fighting and writing speeches for Lincoln, which were read at political rallies. For a New York convention he wrote that the voters who supported the Democrats would be acting in a way ‘more detrimental to the country and beneficial to the rebellion than if they placed themselves actively in arms, side-by-side with the rebels in the field.’1 As a reward for his loyalty to the Republican cause, Butler was called to Washington for a new military assignment. The election was only weeks away. He met with Edwin Stanton, the Secretary of War. Stanton wanted a stronger military presence in New York, particularly at the polling places to guarantee a Republican victory for Lincoln, who was opposed by the Democrat, General George McClellan. Stanton also hoped to depose Horatio Seymour for Reuben Fenton, the Radical Republican, butler would command that force.
Choosing Butler for this operation indicated the contempt that Lincoln’s administration had for New York. It was viewed as just another rebel stronghold to be crushed.
Earlier in the war Butler had stirred considerable resentment.even in the North, when he was in charge of Federal troops in occupied New Orleans. He was replaced because of his high-handed behaviour.
His first widely publicized act was the summary execution of William Mumford, who pulled down the United States flag from the New Orleans mint.
Then Butler generated more bad press when he rounded up many New Orleans residents and exiled them to barren Ship Island in the Gulf of Mexico.
Butler growled and scowled, swaggered and bulldozed. He suppressed newspapers. Then came his infamous ‘Woman Order.’ Ladies began pouring the contents of chamber pots on members of his staff as they walked beneath their windows. Butler decreed: ‘Hereafter, when any female shall by word, gesture or movement insult or show contempt for any officer or soldier of the United States, she shall be regarded and held liable to be treated as a woman of the town plying her avocation.’2 This had negative repercussions in the Northern press. England’s newspapers denounced his actions. British Prime Minister Palmerston protested. Butler’s excessively harsh confiscations and trade restrictions also aroused
21	Southei 'n Events
Vol. 8 0 ATo. 1
strenuous objections from foreign consuls.
All this resulted in Butler being called ‘Beast.’ In December 1862 Secretary of State, William Seward, recalled him. Back home in Massachusetts, Butler said: ‘I have not erred too much in harshness...There is no middle ground between loyalty and treason.’3 S-Butler Takes Command of New York When Butler arrived in Washington for his new assignment, Stanton gave him an overstated report about conditions in New York, to disguise the truth that Butler’s role in that city was to steal the election for Lincoln by raw force and terror.
In his memoirs, Butler described his meeting with Stanton, who said: “‘Read these papers. General.” I carefully read the papers... In substance they stated that there was an organisation of troops to be placed under the command of (Union general) Fitz John Porter; that there was to be inaugurated in New York a far more widely extended and far better-organised riot, than the draft riot in July 1863; that the whole vote of the city was to be deposited for McClellan... that the Republicans were to be driven from the polls; that there were several thousand rebels in New York who were to aid in the movement; and that Brigadier General John A. Green, who was known to be the confidential friend of the governor (Horatio Seymour) was to be present, bringing some forces from the interior of the State to take part in the movement.’
Butler asked Stanton: “‘What do you want me to do?”’ Stanton replied: “‘I want you to go down there and take command of the Department of the East, relieving General Dix, and I will have sent to you from the front, a sufficient force to put down any insurrection.”... He then asked what troops I wanted, and I said: “About 3,000 men will be enough, but a larger force may be better for over-awing an outbreak.’”
Stanton said: ‘“I suppose you will want your Massachusetts troops sent.’”
Butler: ‘“Oh,” I said, “not Massachusetts men to shoot down New Yorkers. That won’t do. I have as faithful, loyal, good soldiers in my New York regiments as there are in the world, and I can fully rely on them.’” 4 Butler moved into his New York headquarters at Hoffman House on November 4th. The election would be on the 8th. Butler: ‘That day Major-General Sanford, commanding the divisions of State militia in the City of New York, called upon me and said that he proposed on the day of the election to call his divisions of militia to preserve the peace. 1 told him that could not be done without his reporting to me as his superior officer... He could not agree to that. I then told him that I did not need
his divisions, and that I did not think it would be advisable to have the militia called out; that if they were called out they would be under arms, and in case of difficulty it was not quite certain which way all of them would shoot ... He was very obstinate about it, and said he should call out the militia.
‘“Well,” said I, “If there are to be armed forces here that do not report to me, and are not under my orders, I shall treat them as enemies..’.And from the reported doings of Governor Seymour in the center of the State in organising new companies of militia, which I believe to be a rebellious organisation, I may find it necessary to act promptly in arresting all those whom I know are proposing to disturb the peace here on election day.’” 5 Then Butler issued a harsh military order designed to intimidate voters. The Albany Argus editorialized: ‘We will not characterize, as it deserves, the conduct of the administration in sending to New York on the eve of the election a man like Butler... His career in the army is calculated to arouse bitter indignation.’6 Many Republicans doubted the wisdom of sending Butler to New York. Lincoln’s Fraud Scheme for Soldier’s Votes In April 1863 Governor Seymour addressed the Albany legislature concerning ‘the question of the method by which those of our fellow citizens who are absent in the military and naval service of the nation may be able to enjoy their right of suffrage ... The constitution of this State requires the elector to vote in the election district in which he resides; but a law can be passed whereby the vote of an absent citizen may be given by his authorized representative.’ 7 Instead, the Republican legislature passed a law which they knew to be unconstitutional, and which they knew that Governor Seymour would be compelled to veto, for the purpose of making it seem he was opposed to the soldiers voting. Horatio Seymour did veto it, saying: ‘The bill is in conflict with vital principles of electoral purity and independence... The bill not only fails, to guard against abuses and frauds, it offers every inducement and temptation to perpetuate them by those who are under the immediate and particular control of the General Government. That Government has not hesitated to interfere, directly, with local elections, by permitting officers of high rank to engage in them in states of which they are not citizens.’8 In March 1864, a constitutional amendment was passed by the people, after being accepted by Seymour, enabling soldiers to vote in the field.
In September 1864 Seymour instructed commanders to give their troops the absentee ballots, but the Republican Secretary of State of New York, Chauncey
22	Southern Events
Vol. 8 * No. 1
Depew, refused to distribute the forms to the officers. Seymour was forced to appoint a committee to do it.
Then Lincoln’s aides seized the agents who were transmitting the New York soldiers’ ballots, charged them with fraud, took their ballots, and either held them until after the election or secretly changed the forms to show a Republican choice. The agents. Col. Samuel North, Major Levi Cohen and M.M. Jones, were brought before a secret military tribunal which charged them with being ‘Confederates and employees of Governor Seymour’ in the fraud plot.9
Thousands of other ballots, which had been deposited in the mails, were detained in the post offices until after the election. To prevent detection of this crime, the post marks were altered. In some instances, when soldiers returned home to vote in person, they discovered that their Democratic ballots had become Republican votes. The Albany Argus editorialized: Tn the history of outrage and crime which makes up the Lincoln administration, there is no darker deed than thisl It reveals the terror and desperation of the Washington junto.’ 10
Horatio Seymour appointed three prominent Democrats as commissioners to proceed to Washington to inquire about the arrests and voting deceptions. They reported that there were irregularities and gave a harrowing account of the treatment of the three prisoners. Later, North, Jones and Cohen were acquitted.
Land and Sea Invasion Build-Up
Ben ‘Beast’ Butler prepared for the election in his usual efficient way. He commandeered dozens of ferry boats and positioned them in Jersey City’s slips. 15,000 seasoned troops were loaded aboard. At a given signal they would be launched for a massive amphibious assault on New York’s shoreline, directly across the Hudson hiver. Gunboats flanked the attack route. Infantry had been steadily infiltrated into the city over the previous two weeks to cover the polls and all other locations where the citizens might rise up as they had the previcius year.
Horatio Seymour made one last desperate threatening proclamation against Butler’s Union army presence: ‘The power of this State is ample to protect all classes in the free exercise of their political duties.’ Sheriffs and other officials were directed to take care that every voter should have a free ballot and they were required to see that ‘no military or other organised force shall be allowed to show themselves in the vicinity of the places where the elections are held, with any view of menacing or intimidating citizens attending thereon. Against such interference they must exercise the full force of the law.’ 11
Butler paid no attention to this threat but the order to send in the water-borne attack never materialized. New York’s citizens and militia had been sufficiently broken up, imprisoned and terrorized in the aftermath of the 1863
battle. Large-scale resistance did not occur.
Conclusion
General Grant sent this telegram to Stanton about the expected and pre-ordained Republican landslide in New York: ‘The election has passed quietly; no bloodshed or riot...It is a victory worth more to. the country than a battle won. Rebeldom and Europe will construe it so.’12 Yet the results, despite all the chicanery and military terror, were not as overwhelming as Lincoln had hoped for. In fact, so close were the contests, that for several days after the election, the Albany Argus claimed a Democratic victory. In the end, Lincoln edged McClellan by less than 9,000 votes and Fenton defeated Horatio Seymour by 7,000.
With Fenton at the head, and backed by a Radical Republican Assembly, New Yorkers soon learned that political rebellion had a high price. For the remainder of the war and into peace time, the Empire State would have to pay, in the loss of its freedom and rights, just like any other conquered Confederate territory.
All these events destroy the long-held myth that Abraham Lincoln was a moderate, kind leader, who would have healed the nation’s wounds after the war, had he lived. What transpired in New York proves he was actually a Radical, as dangerous as Thaddeus Stevens or Ben Wade. Lincoln conducted the same kind of reconstruction on this, and other loyal states, during the war, as was forced on the South in the post-war years.
Mr John Chodes is a former Chair of the League of the South s New York chapter.
Footnotes for ‘The Second Invasion’
1.	Louis Taylor Merrill, ‘Ben butler in the Presidential Campaign of 1864,’ The Mississippi Historical Review, vol. xxxiii. No. 4, March 1947, P. 565.
2.	Merrill, P. 538.
3.	Ibid., P. 540.
4.	Benjamin Butler, ‘Butler’s Book: Autobiography and Personal Reminiscences of Major-General Benjamin Butler’ (Boston: A.M. Thayer and Company, 1892) P. 754.
5.	Butler, P. 756.
6.	Albany Argus, 8 November 1864.
7.	David Croly, ‘Seymour and Blair, Their Lives and Services’ (New York,. Richardson and Company, 1868) P. 124.
8.	Croly, p. 126.
9.	Sidney David Brummer, ‘Political History of New York State During the Period of the Civil War’ (New York: Columbia University and Longmans, Green & Company, agents, 1911) P. 432.
10.	Albany Argus, 28 October 1864.
11.	Brummer, P. 437.
12.	Ibid., P. 771.
Vol. 8 • A Jo. 1
23	Southern Events
Principled Conservatives And Other Rare Fossils
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE)
A review by Nat Rudulph
Revolt From the Heartland: the Struggle for an Authentic Conservatism by Joe Scotchie; Transaction Publishers, New Brunswick, NJ, 2002, 135 pp. Hardbound, $29.95
The Right Questions: Truth, Meaning & Public Debate by Phillip E. Johnson; InterVarsity Press, Downers Grove, IL, 2002, 191 pp. Hardbound, $29.95
‘Under democracy one party always devotes its chief energies to trying to prove that the other party is unfit to rule - and both commonly succeed, and are right... The United States has never developed an aristocracy really disinterested or an intelligentsia really intelligent. Its history is simply a record of vacillations between two gangs of frauds.’ - H. L. Mencken, 1935
Our two contemporary ‘gangs of frauds’ are pseudoconservatism and fascist-liberalism. The so-called right wing and left wing.
The idea of left vs. right comes from the French Revolution, that malevolent scum pond from which so much of our current metaphysical depravity has evolved. The ‘Leftists’ sat on the left in the assembly and the ‘Rightists’ on the right. The right was considered conservative, but both left and right were actually proto-communists, and willing accomplices in the Reign of Terror. They both agreed to the radicalism, only the left wanted to implement it faster. Some on the right, perhaps, were quiet enemies of the Revolution - thinking they would be a force for good at the proper time - but they ended up doing little more than giving credibility to tyranny.
Nothing much has changed. Left/right expressions represent thought-prisons, political detention-camps, an elaborate charade having the appearance of free speech, while actually ensuring that there is nothing to seriously oppose the elite’s cultural and political agenda.
Liberals are not liberal. Liberal in the positive sense means ‘generous,’ but the liberals we know are generous only with other people’s money. We used to call that stealing.
Liberal in the positive sense means ‘benevolent, and not narrow.’ Most contemporary liberals are so narrow
they can see through a keyhole with both eyes.
I’ve heard that classical liberalism’s greatest legacy is advocating free speech for those with whom they disagree. Contemporary liberals are the people who shout down opposing speakers on college campuses. Mussolini would have admired their ability to stifle dissent.
Today’s liberals oppose any exercise of independent, non-conformist thought. They are shallow caricatures, pretenders to critical thinking, robotic narcissists of the most fantastic order. Their concept of open-mindedness is usually limited to the confines of sexual degeneracy or bizarre aberrations of humanist idealism. And the more novel, the more bizarre, the more untested, the better.
Conservatives are worse. They do more damage because they lull uninformed but good-intentioned folks into thinking they stand for conserving the good, thereby misdirecting a lot of energy into wasted effort.
Conservatives are useless. They never take the initiative, and they rarely launch an offensive from the high ground of principle. A number of them are affixed to political expediency only, and the rest know only one principle: opposition to anything new.
Ironically, it is this same characteristic, their attitude about change, that is the singular defining attribute of both conservatives and radicals— they are both guided most of the time neither by principle nor by common sense, but by their attitude toward change. To the radical ‘change’ is always good. To the conservative, ‘change’ is always bad.
No one has said it better than that great Southern theologian, Robert Lewis Dabney:
‘Conservatism’s history has been that it demurs to each aggression of the progressive party, and aims to save its credit by a respectable amount of growling, but always acquiesces at last in the innovation. What was the resisted novelty of yesterday is today one of the accepted principles of conservatism; it is now conservative only in affecting to resist the next innovation, which will tomorrow be forced upon its timidity and will be succeeded by some third revolution, to be denounced and then adopted in its turn. American conservatism is merely the shadow that follows Radicalism as it moves forward to perdition.
It remains behind it, but never retards it, and always advances near its leader. This pretended salt hath utterly lost its savor: wherewith shall it be salted? Its impotency is not hard to explain. It is worthless because it is the conservatism of expediency only, and not of sturdy principle. It tends to risk nothing serious for the sake of truth.’
Most contemporary liberals are so narrow they can see through a keyhole with both eyes.
24	Southern Events	  VoL-	8	*	No-	1
This is as true of conservatism today as when Dabney wrote it 120 years ago.
Underneath the left/right facade there is a real battle going on. The struggle is not liberal vs. conservative, it is not socialism vs. capitalism, it is not about free markets, immigration, abortion or any of the other political struggles we are accustomed to hearing.
And, Mr Bush, neither is it about freedom-loving people vs. those who hate freedom.
This battle is like a chess game. Among the pawns and knights, the battle cry may be ‘Republican vs. Democrat’ or ‘conservative vs. liberal’ but between the kings and queens, the battle is of a different nature. The rules of the board were changed when no one was looking. Those rules are about the nature of truth, the nature of knowledge, and the nature of man.
Let me say here that I am not talking about some grand conspiracy. People who believe in a hidden cabal which perfectly orchestrates all events for hundreds of years have as much faith in the perfectibility of fallen human nature as the most ideological communist who ever lived. I’d find it easier to believe in the tooth fairy. Conspiracies exist where humans exist, for sure, but they don’t stay hidden and efficient for the same reasons that Marx’s utopia didn’t work, and the Mafia got ratted on.
Actually, something worse than a ‘grand conspiracy’ is going on. It is an unravelling of the very fabric of Western civilisation.
We moved as a civilisation many years ago from the classical view of the nature of knowledge to empiricism, which is the theory that sensory experience is the only source of knowledge. The implication was that man could not depend on anything outside of himself or larger than himself to know anything.
Then empiricism degenerated into relativism and finally relativism is now degenerating into subjectivism. Relativism says that what may be true or right for you may be false or wrong for another. Subjectivism says that there is no distinction between the truth and what one believes to be true, nor any distinction between being right and believing you are right. Relativism is the presumption of the modernist while subjectivism is the presumption of the post-modern. The relativist still concedes that right and wrong, as well as truth, are real values, just relative, but the subjectivist says that right and wrong and even truth, are arbitrary terms without a qualitative difference.
Both relativism and subjectivism have been completely
imbibed by contemporary culture, and have become the ‘received’ worldview of our society today. It is dangerous to underestimate the smothering effect they have on everything from art to political debate.
Relativism and subjectivism have completely castrated so-called conservatism. I submit, as the first item of evidence for your consideration: the neo-conservative.
These are the people like William Bennett, Jack Kemp, and William Kristol. Kristol’s father Irving was influential in denying M. E. Bradford, the unreconstructed Texan, the chairmanship of the National Endowment for the Humanities under Ronald Reagan, and the appointment went instead to Bennett. Bennett is an exquisitely deceptive man with a religious mask, a prominent neocon who does not hesitate to use ad hominem attacks, and is
especially prone to accuse people of anti-Semitism when he cannot intelligently argue with them.
As Scotchie relates in Revolt from the Heartland: the Struggle for an Authentic Conservatism, Reagan wanted to appoint the more qualified Bradford to the post, but ‘the establishment’ managed to derail the appointment mainly because Bradford was a harsh (and convincing) critic of Saint Abraham Lincoln.
Scotchie’s new book broadly chronicles the struggle between what he calls paleoconservatism (what I would call principled conservatism) and that strange entity which most people today think is conservatism.
The neoconservative hero, Lincoln, was pragmatic, skilled in words and courtroom manipulation, ignorant of history, and more than any other individual influenced the abandonment of ‘sturdy principle.’
Scotchie rightly recognizes that Lincoln’s War was ‘the first great American catastrophe, the dividing line in American history, a war whose consequences led many conservatives to despair that the old Republic had been vanquished forever.’
This book is not an exhaustive tome, but it is the best little concise history of principled conservatism I have seen. I was not able to put this book down, reading it all in one sitting. While mentioning every principled conservative of importance from Patrick Henry to Clyde Wilson, and every cause from the anti-federalists, to the anti-war Right, to the Von Mises Institute, its focus is mainly the last century, covering the establishment opposition from H. L. Mencken to Michael Hill.
Paleoconservatism traces its roots through the Old Right, the opposition movement to the New Deal. The Old Right resisted statism at home and American empire
Relativism and subjectivism have completely castrated so-called conservatism. It is dangerous to underestimate the smothering effect that they have on everything from art to political debate.
Vol. 8 * No. 1
abroad, and saw Roosevelt, as much as Lincoln, most responsible for the destruction of the old Republic.
The principled conservative, the critical-thinking conservative, has always been anti-empire, anti-statist, anti-interventionist, pro-family, pro-traditionalist, and for preserving local cultures through limitations such as restricted immigration and States’ Rights.
Pat Buchanan recently said, ‘The conservative movement has been hijacked and turned into a globalist, interventionist, open borders ideology, which is not the conservative movement I grew up with.’ (Scotchie has another new book well worth reading on Buchanan, Streetl Corner Conservative: Pat Buchanan and His Times.)
Scotchie (a regular contributor to Southern Events; see page 30 of this issue) also mentions as antecedents the Vanderbilt Agrarians, most notable for their 1930 manifesto, I'll Take My Stand, in which they sounded a ‘lyrical opposition’ to twentieth-century statism. He says, ‘In this seminal collection, the South was urged by its brightest sons to stay true to its agrarian roots.’
Mr Scotchie also points out the differences among principled conservatives, such as the disagreement over free markets vs. protectionism.
He admits that we face a difficult task. He reminds us that only a minority of people (not a ‘silent’ majority) ever makes a true revolution, and though the road back to a republic is a hard one, it is a heritage worth saving.
In order to understand who we are as traditionalists, as principled conservatives, it is necessary to understand what has come before us. Scotchie’s book is chock full ofthis kind of information that you will not likely receive in any educational forum unless you dig it out for yourself.
Traditional Southerners and other principled conservatives find ourselves in search of a political home at a time when it has become increasingly obvious that left/right is a meaningless game. Hence, Revolt from the Heartland: the Struggle for an Authentic Conservatism.
AUTHENTIC conservatism is a PRINCIPLED conservatism. We must go to the basic principles of our beliefs, and understand why we adhere to them and how they have stood the test of time. Then we must find new ways to apply and articulate them.
Principled conservatives must find ways to break the stone wall enclosing the circle of public debate which excludes many questions and ideas as a matter of course. A good way to start would be the repudiation of pseudoconservatism and fascist-liberalism in all its forms. Insist on asking questions that force serious analysis.
Fascist-Liberalism not only stifles public debate but also thwarts honest discussion by enticing us into asking the wrong questions.
In The Right Questions: Truth, Meaning dr. Public Debate Phillip Johnson says ‘We can’t talk about the right questions because we haven’t been allowed to ask them.’ Johnson shows how fascist-liberalism not only stifles public debate but also thwarts honest discussion by enticing us into asking the wrong questions. Johnson demonstrates how traditionalists have allowed the debate to be framed by politically correct assumptions.
Johnson quotes Solzhenitsyn from a Harvard lecture: ‘Without any censorship in the West, fashionable trends of thought and ideas are fastidiously separated from those that are not fashionable, and the latter, without ever being forbidden, have little chance of finding their way into periodicals or books or being heard in colleges. Your scholars are free in the legal sense, but they are hemmed in by the idols of the prevailing fad. There is no open violence, as in the East; however, a selection dictated by fashion and the need to accommodate mass standards frequently prevents the most independent-minded persons from contributing to public life and gives rise to dangerous herd instincts that block successful development.’
Johnson also points out that Solzhenitsyn was honoured in the so-called liberal media as a hero of resistance to Soviet tyranny until he gave this speech in 1978. He told the fashionable Harvard liberals that ‘today’s Western society has revealed the inequality between the freedom for good deeds and the freedom for evil deeds.’ Afterward he was dismissed as an eccentric religious crank by those folks, who considered such ideas outdated.
Phillip Johnson, who taught law for 30 years at Berkeley, is known as a leader of the Intelligent Design movement, a group of scholars who have given a serious broadside to Darwinism. Most people think Darwinism is about biology, but it is a philosophy without which much of contemporary philosophy would be impossible. Of course, Johnson is well aware of this and he enlarges on the ideas used in his critique of Darwinism.
Johnson comments on the startling evidence of Intelligent Design that has become obvious as the Human Genome Project has proceeded:
‘One might expect that there would be a healthy debate in intellectual circles over whether the appearance of design in biology is real or illusory... The reason that debate does not occur is that the intellectual culture of our time enforces a distinction between belief and knowledge, and between faith and reason, which makes it virtually impossible to ask the right questions.... The fundamental rule of cognitive modernism is that every
wO ^ozr//?(?n? I: vents
Vol. 8 • No. 1
rational person accepts scientific knowledge because it is by definition based on reason and evidence, even if the evidence can’t be produced and the reasons seem unreasonable to many, whereas religious belief is at most optional because it is conclusively presumed to be based merely on subjective preference or indoctrination. Persons who internalize these distinctions automatically classify references to God as nonrational and hence not to be taken seriously as truth claims...’
The two books under discussion here represent two things we must have if we are to revive our culture. We must understand the flow of our particular political history, and Scotchie’s book gives principled conservatives just that. Johnson’s book gives insights on how to deal with the axioms lying beneath the politics, and starting points from which to question every form of PC. Scientific PC is not that different from cultural PC.
Readers will note that Johnson himself has a Politically Correct attitude on an issue or two, but these instances are very minor and do not take away from this book. It is just further evidence of the pervasiveness of these philosophies and how difficult it is to escape the dark glasses they impose on all aspects of our view of things.
The biggest of those axioms, the Goliath we must bring down is the belief that man is autonomous in the universe. In other words, the idea that ‘man is the measure of all things’—^ the ‘big idea’ of the so-called Enlightenment and the French Revolution with its Reign of Terror. This axiom says man can perfect himself by micromanagement from the top, typically with social engineers through the unitary state. Both conservatives and liberals have bought into this idea. Both Marxists and Nazis believed in it.
This is the real weakness of most who are called conservatives today. They would use micromanagement from the top, and the power of the unitary state, to enforce and perfect their own ‘conservative’ vision. They have accepted the premise of the Autonomous Man. Their view of the nature of man, the nature of truth, and the nature of knowledge is defective.
Man is an amazing paradox. He is wonderfully made in the image of God, but also corrupted beyond repair. This means that he cannot perfect himself. While the autonomous man thinks he can discover and define all knowledge, and construct all law at a whim, the authentic conservative understands these limitations. He sees law and government primarily as a restraint on the evil in man, not an agent of perfecting man.
Conditions are ripe for a reformation, but somebody has to take the lead in introducing new ideas into a professional culture that desperately wants to keep them out.
The authentic conservative also believes in the Integrity of Principle. To accept the Integrity of Principle is to acknowledge that there are absolutes: moral, social, and spiritual laws, and truths that exist outside of man’s knowledge of them. And he is endowed with a certain humility because he understands his limitations, and his dependence on God.
I take the term ‘Integrity of Principle’ from Robert E, Lee. He said, ‘There is a true glory and a true honour; the glory of duty done—the honour of integrity of principle.’
Belief in the Integrity of Principle does not require a belief in God, but it usually accompanies it. The great Southern philosopher Richard Weaver was not a believer in an orthodox Christian sense, as far as anyone can tell, but he recognised and advocated the benefits to society and culture that orthodox belief brought. He did believe in the Integrity of Principle.
Will conservatives stand for the honour of integrity of
principle, or will they continue to be enablers of the cultural Marxists?
And for all the fascist-liberal cant about things like how the establishment squelched Galileo, or the persecutions of ‘McCarthy-ism’, I’d like to know when they will take a lesson from their own book and quit stifling the tiniest variant from the PC norm.
Phillip Johnson says, ‘... those who wish to impose an authoritarian control on the opinion of others give themselves ideological cover by claiming to be skeptics or bold dissenters. The “skeptics” are typically skeptical only about the orthodoxies of yesteiyear or the opinion of their adversaries, while they are blindly credulous with respect to the ruling orthodoxy of our time....’
‘In every university there are scores of faculty and students who are suffocated by the prevailing dogmas of scientific materialism or political correctness but who almost never get a chance to hear anything else. Conditions are ripe for a reformation, but somebody has to take the lead in introducing new ideas into a professional culture that desperately wants to keep them out.’
The orthodox scientific materialism of the educational elite, and the orthodox PC of the media and business world are two different heads of the same hydra. The philosophy upon which they are based is that undeclared religion: the Autonomous Man.
If you want ammunition to slay the hydra and bring on the reformation, these two books are a ‘must read.’
Mr Nat Rudulph is the editor of Southern Events.
Southern events
Vol. 8 • No. 1
Jacobin Yankees and ‘Gangs of New York.’
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE) by Clyde Wilson
I took Scorcese's reply that the film was an.opera to mean that the events of the movie were selected and organised for dramatic emphasis and were not to be taken as literal factual record.
And, indeed, as a historical record of 19th-century New York, the film has many failings. Nevertheless, it has provoked some useful discussion of the historical context - specifically for the light it sheds on the Lincolnite mythology of the Civil War era. It seems that the accepted idea of the gloriously united North trampling out the wrathful grapes of slavery and treason is not so sound a picture of the real thing after all.
For one thing, the film gives a glimpse of the rather nasty nativism among Northerners, a great many of whom hated Catholics and immigrants as much or more than they hated Southerners. None of the above fit into the Yankee ideal of true Americanism. Nativist gangs burned down convents in Philadelphia and Boston when such things were never dreamed of in the South. This window into the real history of the antebellum North becomes even more significant for three reasons.
1) Nativists of the American Party went en masse into Lincoln’s Republican Party and made up a strong element of his support. Though, of course, Lincoln cared nothing about religion and he and other leading Republicans were too savvy politicians to embrace overt nativism. Republicans did not generally like immigrants, but they loved the militaristic German centralizers who flooded into the Midwest after the failed revolutions of 1848. Confederate General Richard Taylor recorded in his memoirs that when he surrendered at the end of the war, a German Union general lectured him on how Southerners were now to be taught true Americanism. Taylor was the grandson of a Revolutionary officer and the son of a President. (Does this maybe give you a little hint of where Straussians and Neocons are coming from?) These Germans made the most solid core of Lincoln’s support, with the possible exception of tariff-protected
manufacturers and New England ‘intellectuals.’
2)	The film can open the door on another dirty little secret. We have heard a lot about immigrant criminal gangs. The fact that vigilante law prevailed over much of the North during the war has been conveniently forgotten. Besides the thousands of his critics Lincoln jailed without due process, thousands more were killed, injured, intimidated, and run out of town by proto-fascist gangs of Republican bully boys called ‘Wide Awakes.’ They played a major role in making sure Northern elections turned out right, i.e., Republicans won. And you thought ugly mob violence was something that only happened in the South!
3)	Although the film does not give a satisfactory view of the New Yqrk City draft riots, it lets us in on at least part of the secret when the draft rioters point out the S3 00 men who had bought exemption from conscription. The fact is that no affluent Northerner fought in the war if he didn’t want to - certainly not Rockefeller, Morgan, Gould, Swift, Armour, Goodyear, and the others who were making fortunes out of government contracts. Nor most of the patricians - only one of five military age Adamses served and Teddy Roosevelt’s father bought an exemption. Lincoln’s worthless son Robert spent most of the war at Harvard. Sherman once complained that men of wealth were found in the ranks of the Southern army and lamented that Northerners were not like that.
But that is not all the story. The ‘riots’ did not start out as race pogroms, though they degenerated into that. They started out as organised civic resistance to the draft, encouraged by the Democratic state government. Everyone knew very well that the Lincolnites enforced the draft at a much higher rate in areas that opposed them than they did in friendly areas - according to studies by the New York playwright and historian John Chodes, the draft was imposed in New York City at four times the rate for Massachusetts, [edit, note: See part two of Chodes article on page one] And the conscripts were well aware that they stood a good chance of being used up as cannon fodder by Republicans who knew if they lost four men for every Southerner killed they would still end up on top, as long as the immigrant flow kept up. About a fourth of the total enrollment of Lincoln’s armies were immigrants, many of whom were brought over and paid bounties for enlisting. The situation was so bad that the
www.southerncaucus.org ^■■FThe Dixie Daily News ^Ip Anti-Washington, Anti-Establishment, Pro-Constitution & Pro-Dixie	Southern political news, free-market commentary, heritage events, guest editorials promoting liberty, Southern pride & a return to limited constitutional government.
	
Vol. 8 • No. 1
Pope sent one of his most persuasive priestly orators to Ireland to warn the people about being used up for Union cannon fodder.
Perhaps we can begin to recognize the historical fact that millions of Northern citizens did not willingly go along with Lincoln’s war. And the opponents were not limited to the New York City draft rioters. A forthcoming book by Mises Fellow H.A. Scott Trask will enlighten us about who opposed the war: freetraders who were on to the Republican tariff game; traditional Jeffersonians and descendants of Revolutionary families (outside of New England) who understood that killing Southerners and overthrowing legitimate state governments, as well as suppressing freedom of speech and press, were not exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind; Irish and German Catholics, though that history has been suppressed as one of the fruits of Lincoln’s victory.
The truth is that Lincoln’s party did not save the Union and the Constitution. It was a Jacobin party-that seized power and revolutionized the North as well as conquering the South. Gangs of New York may open a window to encourage further historical discovery along these lines.
Alas, the wrong lesson is drawn by one of the usually fine writers at vdare.com, Steve Sailer, who sees the movie as Scorcese making points for the immigrants against the natives. Sailer: ‘When the Civil War came, many Irish and other immigrants in New York City refused to fight for the Union that had given them refuge.’
Wait a minute. That was a civil war going on here. Can a newcomer really be faulted for not wanting to take sides in a civil war? I think rather it shows real patriotism and good sense. And how about that ‘refuge.’ Here is a Dublin paper commenting in 1861: ‘We cannot but recollect that in the South our countrymen were safe from insult and persecution, while ‘Nativeism’ and ‘Know-Nothingism’ assailed them in the North.’
How about John Mitchel, the Irish patriot who had been exiled to Van Diemen’s land, from whence he escaped to the land of freedom, where he joined the Confederate cause of liberty, to which he gave the lives of two sons? It is not true, by the way, that the Union General Burnsides’s sacrifice of the Irish Brigade at Fredericksburg was a great exhibit of Irish devotion to the Union cause. The so-called enthusiasm was political propaganda drummed up by Republican promotion of Gen. Meagher as an Irish leader, which he wasn’t. Irish recruiting fell off sharply after Fredericksburg.
Let me recommend to those who want to use conditions in the War of Southern Independence as a tool for the otherwise worthy cause of immigration restriction a recent work: Clear the Confederate Way!: The Irish in
the Army of Northern Virginia by Kelly J. O’Grady. The book covers much more than the title suggests. And while you are at it, take a look also at The Jewish Confederates by Robert N. Rosen.
Dr Clyde Wilson is professor of history at the University of South Carolina, a published author, and a founder and director of the League of the South.
An Open Letter to All Southern Patriots
Companies who directly oppose the Southern Cause provide many of us with our connection to the internet. MSN and AOL are the worst while most of the others follow along the PC route like puppies.
We recommend ClickSouth.net to everyone because it is truly a company worth our dollars. They are relocating their entire operation to the Confederate Colony at Abbeville, SC and will be working to assist us all in a more effective use of the internet.
Having Southern institutions supported by Southern business with the a free South as our mutual objective is what it is all about. Join us at www.clicksouth.net.
Signed,
Rob Thornton, J. Pat Baughman, Nat Rudulph
HiVir fDIVForthePast,the
DUdllj Uli/i 1 Future, the Truth
14 Original Songs - Larry Smith & Nat Rudulph
An eclectic mix of high-lonesome bluegrass and country blues, with a wee borrowing from Scottish/lrish melody, and maybe even a touch of Van Morrison....
These songs are not in the predictable spirit of an antiquarian’s sorrow for a lost past, but in a spirit of a humbly submissive and persevering hope for the eventual sure triumph of good over evil. Like a golden thread, running through every song, is a manly hope for the future....and a playful tone that dismisses villains in a humourous way. - Michael Hill
i---------------------------------------1
I Name__________________________________
Address________________________________,
I City_____________State______zip_______I
Clip & mail - CD only $16.75 cheque or * money order (includes shipping) from BASIC GRAY I	P.O.BOX	1875
I	PANAMA	CITY,	FL 32402	I
i_______________________________________i
The Peace of Wild Things by Wendell Berry
When despair for the world grows in me and I wake in the night at the least sound in fear of what my life
and my children's life may be,
1 go and lie down where the wood drake rests in his beauty on the water,
and the great heron feeds.
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief I come into the presence of still water. And I feel above me the day-blind stars waiting with their light. For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
Stocks versus Gold & Silver,
June 7,2001 - March 3,2003
35.0%
<GOLD
<SILVER
<DJIA
<VMa5000
<NSDGom&P5°°
-J3.U7o\	<NSD100
N5D100	NSDGim	S&P500	Wilsi5000	DJIA	GOLD	SILVER
49.5%	41.7%	-35.0%	-33.2%	-26.7%	313%	7.9%
“One Graph
is worth 1,000 words ”
-Franklin Sanders
The Moneychanger Gold & Silver Investments P O Box 178 Westpoint, TN 38486 (888) 218-9226
email: moneychanger(a}compuserve.com website: www.the-moneychanger.com
30 Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 1
What’s Down the Tracks
by Joe Scotchie
If any of the independence movements circulating throughout the Western world ever reaches critical mass, it will probably be as a response to the immigration crisis. Such a reaction may come too late and be a total flop. Or it may experience a different fate. On the other hand, the heirs to the Western tradition may simply surrender without a fight.
Here in the US, only the Republican Party can do anything about immigration. In the early 1990s, the GOP commissioned a survey of its grass-roots members on that very issue. Over 80 percent of the respondents favoured deep cuts in legal immigration. As if it mattered. The ‘revolutionary’ Republican congress failed to reduce immigration and George W. Bush’s administration is even worse. He has nothing in common with that 80-plus percent of Republican Party faithful mentioned above. Not only that, but at the request of Mexican President Vincente Fox, Bush, even after 9/11, pushed for legislation giving amnesty to untold millions of illegal aliens. Like the rest of us, Bush has a boss to answer to.
So with immigration reform dead in the water, those who did care can ask some questions: Where were you when it happened? Where were you when the immigration flood hit home? Did you join any of the anti-immigration organisations operating in Washington? Did you write your congressman and senators? Did you support the one presidential candidate who supported an immigration moratorium? For the overwhelming number of Americans, the answer to all of the above is a very defensive No. Americans are far more interested in viewing 3 or 4 hours of television each night than in practicing the simplest exercises of republican-style citizenship. Concerning presidential politics, Southern Republicans must be taken to task for choosing such stuffy establishment types as George H. W. Bush and Bob Dole over an authentic Southerner like Pat Buchanan.
Despite all this. Southerners, when it comes to immigration, can stand on solid ground. The average Southerner is represented by an anti-immigration congressman. As Bill Cawthon pointed out in his landmark study of congressional voting patterns, it’s not the South’s fault that the nation is heading pell mell toward a Third World future. In 1965, for instance, a strong majority of Southern lawmakers voted against the immigration bill that has brought America to its sorry present condition. Senators Sam Ervin and Strom Thurmond were particularly eloquent in their opposition. In succeeding years, the Southern states contingent have
voted consistently for immigration restrictions. In 1996, efforts to cut legal immigration by 30% failed because the vast majority of lawmakers from the Northeast and Midwest supported the open borders status quo. Bush’s insane drive for amnesty was stopped single handedly by Sen. Robert Byrd, the last great Southern Democrat.
On the political front. Southerners can claim the moral high ground. The same can also be true on cultural matters. Southerners can simply argue that they seek to defend an Anglo-Celtic culture in the face of massive alien invasions. That can work not only throughout the South; it would also gain Southern patriots numerous sympathizers in the rest of the country. The moment of truth on immigration is not in the distant future, say, fifty years from now when everyone reading this publication will have gone off to their greater reward. It is likely to happen within the next 20-25 years, if not sooner. Already, America is more divided than at any time since the 1850s. Every recent election result bears this out.
If you’re looking for good news, it has to be that a traditionalist majority exists in the Southland. A good number of Southerners understand that they are in the fight of their lives, not in a literal sense of course, but one for the survival of a distinct and creative civilisation. True, conservative votes are usually wasted on liberal Republicans like Lamar Alexander and Elizabeth Dole. But a resistance beats in the hearts of tens of millions of Southern people. It’s our duty to offer them an alternative if all current, desirable measures fail to materialise.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a published author and a regular contributor to SE. A review of his latest book REVOLT FROM THE HEARTLAND begins on page one.
The Confederate Colony
Ever since the first Confederadoes left for Brazil, ever since Gen. Joe Shelby and his men refused to surrender, but buried their flag in the Rio Grande, and crossed to look for a home south of the border, unreconstructed Southerners have been looking for a home.
Many have talked of pooling resources and living in a community to preserve our culture, provide a decent place to raise a family, and to have a stronger base from which to influence the culture around us.
J. Pat Baughman's Confederate Colony is not an independent homeland, but it is the next best thing. The property at this point in the development is very, very reasonable: 5-15 acre tracts now only $13,500 -$37,000. Ten acre water front properties only $3,500 an acre. Check out the details on the facing page.
A SECURE COMMUNITY FOR SOUTHERN PATRIOTS
Imagine a home on 5-acres in a secure, gated, Southern Heritage Community located only ten miles from the town where secession began and the Confederacy was finally disbanded, Abbeville, SC. This was only the dream of many Southrons and now it is a reality due to the low cost, low down payment and low interest rates in the Colony.
A SOURCE TO RENEW THE SOUTHERN CULTURE
The idea many Southrons of this century have had of developing Confederate Culture communities is finally becoming a reality. There will be as many as 27 families in the Confederate Colony located on 5-acre parcels subdivided from a beautiful 173-acre farm. Just imagine our getting a post office, newspaper, radio programs, multiple websites and a print shop for book publishing and home schooling enterprises. Imagine our electing school board members, county officials and precinct chairmen. This is a sound and solid way to insure that we will BE HERE as an effective force taking advantage of the opportunities available to us as we press the case for our great Southern Culture.
OWNER CONTROL
Most of us would like to live in a community of people with similar values. Confederate Colony is run by the Plantation Council where every owner has an equal vote. The owners are in control of the community and its funds. Meeting hall, park, by-laws, etc. are at the will of a 60% majority.
SECURITY; UNIQUE RESTRICTIONS
The entrance gate is remote controlled by telephone*and pin number. The gate and fences will keep unauthorized vehicles out. We all appreciate the*peace of mind this brings.
Only members of the Sons of Confederate Veter^rfc.jLeague of the South or United Daughters of the Confederacy may own part of the Confederate Qo»n|. Each acreage tract will have an entrance sign and a flagpole with their own designated Confeder&lhag flying on a dedicated easement. Utilities will be underground, all architecture will be true antf rilfitum style with reasonable restrictions. No garage may open to the road view. We will preserve the f860s theme but live in nice modern homes next to other Southern Christians.
YEAR-ROUND CREEK, POND & PARK
The Colony has over 3000 feet on a cold, spring-fed creek, open to all in the Colony. A large park is planned creekside. We have a plan for one or two stocked ponds.
3-MILE HIKING AND BRIDLE PATH; STABLES
This perimeter trail winds its way through the forest and open meadows. It is open daylight hours for your pleasure and is on a deeded right of way you control through the Plantation Council.
We are planning stable facilities and a riding instruction ring to augment the beautiful bridle trail. A schedule of activities will be planned per Colony needs. Our goal is for our people to operate these great facilities as a limited availability financial resource for themselves and the Colony with the aid and approval of the Plantation Council.
J. Pat Baughman 803.245.0908 www.confederatecolony.com
I_________________________________