ou
ern
Events

Ambivalent Patriotism Toward the US
by Elliott Germain
There is a most unsettling dilemma found within the hearts of many Patriotic Americans emanating from their feelings of Ambivalent Patriotism toward the United States. When persons within our government assume powers and implement policies contrary to our Constitution, a Patriot may feel a rise of blood pressure and wish to flog the criminal politician. Or when an entire branch of government acts against the liberties of US citizens our patriotism is left hanging by a thread. The actions of our Government often leave us with adverse feelings of patriotism and disgust.
There is a comparison of this dilemma of mixed patriotism to an example of ambivalence found in family life, or more specifically within a troubled family, with regard to the relationship between father and son. (Cont. p. 16)
ATTENTION EDGEFIELD JOURNAL SUBSCRIBERS:
By special arrangement, Southern Events will be sent to you through the date to which your Journal subscription has been paid. See page 3.
The Religion of Liberalism
An Excerpt from The South Linder Siege 1830-2000 by Frank Conner (Collards Publishing Co., P O Box 71996, Newnan, Georgia 30271) $34.95
Secular humanism (ideological liberalism) is - and always has been -presented very carefully to the American public as a mild, benign philosophy. Webster's New Collegiate Dictionary defines liberalism as ‘c: a political philosophy based on belief in progress, the essential goodness of man, and the autonomy of the individual and standing for the protection of political and civil liberties.’
But in fact, ideological liberalism is a religion that generates radical-left politics. (Full excerpt on page 17)
KOOS DE LA REY -A BOER GENERAL AS FIERCE AS FORREST, AS NOBLE AS LEE by Leonard M. Scruggs - p. 22
THE OTHER REPARATIONS MOVEMENT p 10
Interview: Jack Kershaw p. 14
Yankees in Dixie
by Joe Scotchie
It’s a major topic whenever Southern traditionalists get together; this unexpected and continuing surge of Northern migrants to the Southland. One only has to look at Florida, a state which has seen its Southern character just about ruined by the unending flow of snowbirds and retirees. Florida’s not alone anymore. There’s the Atlanta area, Charlotte, and Northern Virginia, all representing the threat of a Los Angeles-style culture (or more to the point, a non-culture) springing up all over this bastion of Western Christendom. (Continued page 14)
2 Southern Events
Vol. 7 * ATo. 2
Southern Events
€> 2002 All rights reserved. Southern Events is published four times a year by the Alabama League of the South. Articles may be reproduce^ in entirety only, and credit must be given to the author and Southern Events along with this line: ‘Subscriptions $15 yearly, P O Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517.’ Opinions expressed are those of the author, and publication herein does not necessarily imply the endorsement of this journal. Submissions to be considered for publication must be on IBIV1 compatible diskette, emailed, or typewritten. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness.
Editor: Nat G. Rudulph Email: south2@juno.com
Dixie Broadcasting, the Southern Movement's 1st Full Time Internet Radio Station is now 24/7 with improved technical quality. Features include Ron Holland's ‘Dixie Daily News,’ Southern music, interviews, and speeches.
An introductory subscription is $24.95 for six months. Call Ray McBerry (770) 957-8259. See www.WDXB.com Supreme Court Asked to Consider Confederate-Americans. The Southern Legal Resource Center filed a petition for a Writ of Certiorari with the clerk of the US Supreme Court asking that Confederate-Americans be considered a legitimate group for national origin purposes under the 1964 Civil Rights Act.
The Petition is brought to appeal a decision of the 4th Circuit US Court of Appeals upholding a dismissal of a lawsuit rendered in an Alexandria, Virginia Federal court.
The Petitioner, Don Curtis Terrill, a Department of Labor employee, applied to participate in a DOL sponsored Diversity Day celebration in 1998 as a ‘Confederate American.’ After being refused, Terrill filed an EEOC Complaint, which was denied, then filed a lawsuit.
‘Confederate-Americans meet every criteria for national origin status,’ said Kirk D. Lyons, Attorney for Terrill and Chief Trial Counsel of the SLRC.
The SLRC web site is at http://www.slrc-csa.org North Carolina School Officials Apologize to UDC. Gulford County School officials were forced to apologise to local leaders of the UDC in Greensboro, blaming a ‘poor decision’ recently when a principal halted the UDC’s annual essay contest, comparing the group to the KKK.
Melissa Harrelson, Aycock Middle School principal, and a teacher have both apologized, and the school is reinstating the contest. The victory was a result of hundreds of e-mails and phone calls after publicity from websites Dixie Daily News and Aw Shucks, as well as the local SCV, UDC, and League of the South members. Mike Tuggle, NC LS Chairman, appealed to the board to bring in a 'Southern History' course prepared by League members. SCANA Backs Down From Battleflag Ban. South
Carolina’s Electric and Gas utility monopoly recently ordered employees not to wear Confederate symbols at work, nor display them on their vehicles, nor park any company vehicle at Maurice Bessinger’s restaurant which flies the Battleflag. After an outcry and threats from senators to strip SCANA of its monopoly status, the utility partially backed down. It will permit Confederate bumper stickers, and CEO Bill Timmerman says as long as it’s ‘meant as heritage’ employees can display emblems at work.
In a letter to Sen Glenn McConnell, who called the utility to task, Timmerman claimed the State newspaper, not SCANA, was responsible for the controversy. But in a private conversation, Timmerman blamed his own company’s management, said Sen Arthur Ravenel, R-Charleston. Timmerman told McConnell the first newspaper story had been a surprise and was put out by ‘middle management,’ Ravenel said.
Georgia’s Governor Has Now Been Flagged Every Week for 77 Weeks. Wherever he shows in public, Georgia’s 'King Roy' Barnes faces a contingent of patriots bearing the real Georgia flag, which Barnes thought would be easily replaced by Jesse Jackson’s rag. There has been no network or national coverage on this at all.
The Alabama Historical Commission Confronted by Patriots in Tuscaloosa on 8 August. David Allen, Leonard Wilson, Ben Hestley, Jane Doughty, Ellen Williams, and others protested to AHC President Lee Warner over his plan to ‘reinterpret’ the Wheeler Plantation. Warner’s plan is to diminish CSA General ‘Fighting Joe’ Wheeler and to emphasize the later occupants, as a way of erasing Confederate heritage. David Allen, a League of the South member and the Alabama Commander of the SCV presented petitions with over 700 names opposing plans to convert the Wheeler home into a depression-era historic site. And Ben Hestley nailed Warner for refusing to reveal the by-laws of his secret corporation.
They also attacked the AHC’s plan to convert the Alabama Capitol into a civil rights shrine. The lawsuit that sought to stop Warner from leveling the capitol grounds down to where MLK made his 1965 speech has been dismissed, but is being appealed.
Autauga County School Officials Approve Returning Confederate Monument to School Campus. At a special meeting in Prattville, Alabama, in late August, the school board voted to return the stone monument which had been removed earlier from pressure by black ‘leaders’ because it displayed a Confederate battle flag in colour.
Gulfport, Mississippi, Will Put the Battleflag Issue to a Vote 5 Nov. The Board of Supervisors put the future of the Eight Flags display along US 90 up to Harrison County voters. Charles White of Atlanta, NAACP regional director, had told the board a public referendum would
Vol. 7 • No. 2
only pit ‘neighbour against neighbour.’ And in an effort to intimidate the supervisors, the N AACP asked to review documents regarding contracts, employment complaints and policies for hiring of minority contracts. Supervisors have refused the group’s requests to remove the Battleflag from the display, and say they have nothing to hide.
Confederate Museum Officials in New Orleans Vow They Will Not Vacate the Building they’ve called home for nearly 112 years until all legal appeals are exhausted.
Last week a judge ruled they do not own the historic red brick structure at 929 Camp St., which houses thousands of War artifacts including a Battleflag stained with a CSA commander’s blood. Confederate General P. G. T. Beauregard's frock coat and a crown of thorns that Pope Pius IX gave to Confederate President Jefferson Davis.
Elizabeth Williams, president of the UNO Foundation, praised the Judge’s decision. She said it is ‘a property dispute’ - it is located in the middle of UNO’s campus.
The Friends of Forrest vs the City of Selma case is set to go before Judge Lee at the Federal Courthouse, Mobile, Alabama, for trial on 7 July 2003. A victory here could set a precedent of great importance to cases of Southern ‘Ethnic Cleansing.’ The case arose as a result of the City of Selma’s refusal to hinder or arrest the mob pictured below year before last when they attempted to destroy the Forrest monument. Subsequently, the city’s black mayor, James Perkins, used construction equipment to move the statue to the city’s old cemetery, violating the city’s previous agreement with the monument’s caretakers, and possibly damaging the work of art.
The Mob’s leader, Rose Sanders, local Selma race-hater and professional agitator, is third from the left with her hand on the rope. The picture on the right was taken when she recently announced changing her name to Faya Ora Rose Toure in honour of the Sekou Toure of the African
country of Guinea, who died in 1984.
What kind of a person was this Toure she wants to honour and emulate? Toure was a ruthless Marxist who the government of Guinea acknowledged had committed numerous atrocities. By the time of his death, after ruling for over 30 years, life expectancy in Guinea dropped to 40 years, business nearly evaporated, Conakry was in a shambles, and the per capita GDP dropped to US $290.
Charles Yow, attorney for Friends of Forrest said, ‘The next year will require a substantial amount of lawyer and clerk time.’ Funds are needed to help in this effort to make the city of Selma accountable for its actions and set a precedent to make violent haters like this think twice before they act. Send your tax-deductible donations to Friends of Forrest, c/o Pat Godwin, 10800 County Rd. 30, Selma, AL 36701. A magnificent replica of the Forrest bust made by the artist is also available. See page 24 for details.
The Edgefield Journal Ceases Publication. The loss of this promising Southern Patriot newspaper is tragic. It was ‘shut down’ by the publisher, Mr W. W. Mims, citing not enough income to be self-sustaining.
Southern Events Will Honour Subscriptions Owed by the Journal. Our offer was accepted by the Publisher, Mr Mims, and by Mr Virgil Huston, the editor. This way, subscribers to the Journal will receive Southern Events for the equivalent length of their unfulfilled Edgefield Journal subscriptions.
Southern Events also seriously considered ceasing publication for some time after 9/11, because of the precipitous drop in subscriptions and renewals. Everyone in our movement had been impacted financially. But instead an appeal was made to long-time supporters, and as a result.
Southern Events Has You to Thank. The response to our appeal was tremendous, and we are now in the black.
Also, the Alabama Chapter of The League of the South,
Above: A Rose by any other name .. .
Left: Rose Sanders led the Ethnic-Cleansing mob in an attack on the Forrest monument in Selma, Alabama. An attorney, she is also on the reparations legal team.
4 Southern Events
Vol. 7•No. 2
r
which launched Southern Events seven years ago, held a shotgun raffle to raise money for SE. After paying for the gun and printing costs, $925.00 was raised. Alabama League Chairman Steven Fitts expresses his deep appreciation to all who participated. The w inner of the shotgun was Skip Davis of Tuscaloosa.
Federal Judge Rules Against Free Speech at School. I S District Judge Maurice Paul ruled that Santa Fe High School officials did not violate two Alachua County, Florida, students' constitutional right of free speech by banning the display of Confederate emblems. Franklin Jay Scott Jr. and Nicholas Thomas, 17-year-old juniors in September 2000, tiled a federal lawsuit over their suspensions from the school. Scott rode into the school parking lot with the flag on his antenna, a month after he had been told not to display the flag, but removed it once he parked. He w as suspended from campus, and his zoning exemption was revoked, meaning he had to change schools the following year. Thomas wore a "Legends in Gray’ shirt to
w BS	w	■>
school. It showed Confederate soldiers marching through
q	o
a field carrying the flag. He was given an in-school suspension and told not to wear the shirt on campus.
Confederate Flag Clothing Banned in Georgia, at Etowah, Woodstock And Cherokee High Schools. At Cherokee, the principal. Bill Sebring, has banned the display of all Confederate symbols on school property. About 180 students were suspended there for refusing to cave in to the school’s demands. Over 100 more students chose to wear their shirts inside-out or change clothes altogether. Parents are standing behind their students encouraging them to sign petitions and to protest.
Please contact the school officials and Cherokee High School Administrators. The principal: William (Bill) Sebring. The superintendent: Dr Frank Petruzielo. (770)
| 479-4112,(770)479-1871 bsebring@cherokee.kl2.ga.us How to Win a Battleflag Battle by Jeff Adams, TXLS Last May a student at the high school in Shepherd, TX (about an hour or so north of Houston) was suspended for wearing a shirt with the Battleflag on it. The editor of East Texas Today (a magazine I write for) heard about it and contacted me, giving me the family's phone number. After discussing the matter with the family, we decided to confront the school board since there was no clear policy on clothing and this young man had been singled out (the only one all year to be addressed concerning dress).
The suspension came in the last week of school and the board met after school was out for the summer. At the meeting, the mother, Bridget Olvera, spoke. The board was divided but ended up standing by the school’s actions. However, 1 had provided Mrs Olvera with information she handed out to the board, which included a summary j of the Supreme Court case concerning students wearing
black arm bands during the Vietnam War. The Supreme Court has clearly come dow n on the side of free speech and the right to express oneself in public school (which means Battleflags on shirts are protected).
We set a game plan for the summer which included targeting board members individually in conversations and gathering students at the school who would agree to wear shirts with Battleflags on them the first day of school.
Dozens of kids wore Battleflags to school then w ithout a sound from the school. The principal, when questioned has said it was all a big misunderstanding. The word Mrs Olvera has gotten back is that several things made the school and the school board back down:
1. They read over the Supreme Court case she gave them and apparently believe they were on shaky ground singling out Southern symbols. We should use this case every time we challenge a school that attacks Southern dress.
2.1 showed up at the school board meeting in coat and tie (I came straight from work). Being dressed as I was, as well as clean shaven and with a neat haircut, along with the fact the board overheard me talking to parents before and after the meeting lead the board to mistakenly believe that Mrs Olvera had gotten herself a lawy er (me).
They were scared. The way Mrs Olvera put it was, ‘They could tell you were educated and you had both your front teeth. They didn't want to take you on.’
In truth, I developed a strategy, offered advise and support, but the locals actually did the work. They stood up to the board and the school and won.
This is a small town where everyone knows everyone. The board members weren't so much politically correct in their views as they acted based on the overall environment of society today. They initially did what they thought was expected of them. When some of the parents pushed back they backed down. We had a plan to take things step by step, and eventually go to court, but thankfully we didn’t have to go that far.
Jack Graham Resigns as Legal Counsel For the Failed Jerry Baxley-Led National Southern Party. Graham had argued Quebec's case for secession before the Canadian Supreme Court, and has been a long time supporter of Southern Independence. Baxley's heavy-handed approach alienated many people and has led to the final collapse of his maverick group. Many of the unafflliated Southern Party organisations in the individual states continue to experience growth and success.
CNN Cancels Connie Chung’s ‘Expose’ on Yale University’s Order of Skull & Bones, which counts among its membership President George W. Bush, his father and grandfather before him, along with other public figures. The program, set for 4 Sept., did not materialize. Representatives of Ms Chung and producers of Connie
Vol. 7 • No. 2
Chung Tonight were ‘unavailable' or had ‘no comment.’ The Order of Skull & Bones forms the nucleus of the private Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) and Trilateral Commission—which are, themselves—the guiding forces behind the drive toward an United Nations-run World Government. Although initiates are sworn to secrecy. a complete membership roster, initiation rites and Bones history was furnished to the late Dr Antony Sutton in 1981, who was at the time a Research Fellow at the prestigious Hoover Institution of Stanford University. His ardent anti-communist/anti-globalist views and reputation for impeccable research doubtless attracted the attention of the disgruntled Bonesman, and with the records, Sutton eventually produced America s Secret Establishment: An Introduction to the Order or Skull & Bones, the definitive expose on that which lies at the core of a conspiracy to enact Global Government.
Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions Opposes Bush’s Plan to Grant Amnesty to undocumented aliens living in this country who apply for legal status, and believes many others agree. Sessions said, ‘There’s a real concern in America about our lack of control of the border. The border is not under control. The INS is completely incapable, at this point, of enforcing our very generous immigration laws.’ Southern Events Predicted Reparations Steamroller. In Vol 5, issue 4, published in late 2000, we said, ‘The descendants of American slaves, within the next 4 years, we predict, will receive a commitment in principle to be awarded reparations. Whether you believe it is valid or not, it is going to happen. We also predict that both major political parties will come to agree with this position.’ We hope this prediction turns out to be wrong, but it is gaining momentum. Gov Davis of California spoke out this summer in favour of it, and the latest edition of USA
Weekend, included in the Sunday edition of many newspapers, had a propaganda piece promoting this extortion.
Jesse Lee Peterson, a Black Minister, Says No One Owes the Black Person Anything - especially white America, he stated on CourtTV’s Crier Live. Rev Peterson, a spokesman for blacks opposing reparations, said that if black people want reparations for slavery, they ought to ‘go back to Africa’ and get it there since other Africans were the ones who actually enslaved them and sold them.
So You Want Reparations? From columnist Fred Reed
‘You want free money because of slavery, right? I don’t blame you. I’d like free money too. Tell you what. I believe injustice. I’ll give you a million dollars for every slave I own, and another million for every year you were a slave. Fair enough?
‘But tell me, how many slaves do you suppose I have? In round numbers, I mean. Say to the nearest dozen. And how long were you a slave? Oh. In other words, I owe you reparations for something that I didn’t do and didn’t happen to you. That makes sense....
See ‘ The Other Reparations Movement’, page 10.
Another Death in Jasper, and Critical Race Theory. We’ve all heard of Jasper, Texas. That’s where James Byrd, a 49 year-old black man was cruelly dragged to death in 1998 by 3 white men, a media focus for weeks.
Jesse Jackson presided over Byrd’s funeral and said his death was of supreme national significance. Senators and congressman from Texas and elsewhere, mayors, federal officials, A1 Sharpton and Kweisi Mfume attended.
Publications were flooded with denunciations of the act. President Clinton called it ‘shocking and outrageous’and ABC News website ran a headline: ‘Hate is Growing in America’ with an article alleging 474 new ‘hate groups.’
After all this, another man was dragged to death in Jasper on 19 January 2002. Have you heard of Ken Tillery? Probably not.
That’s because Mr Tillery was white, and his three killers - Darrell Gilbert, Blake Little, and Anthony Holmes -were black. These 3 men offered Tillery a ride, he was then kidnaped and driven to a remote location. When he jumped out of the car and tried to flee, the kidnappers caught him, beat him, and finally ran over him - dragging him to his death beneath their car’s undercarriage.
No civil rights activists attended his funeral. No op-ed pieces lamented his death. No prominent political figures issued statements about the significance of his killing.
His death meant nothing to those who portray themselves as crusaders for justice. They obscure the fact that black-on-white killings and crime greatly outnumber the white-on-black variety. These self-promoters could care less if people like Ken Tillery die. It’s only evil, you see, when it is white-on-black.
ifte
•'pwic
f&aow
H*6
To fit pOK

Vol. 7 • A 2
Most folks know this is distorted, but they dare not make too big an issue of it publically, for fear of being called a ‘■racist’. And most of us have never thought out what it really means: It means WE LIVE IN A CULTURE OF BLACK
SUPREMACY. Understand that RACIAL -SUPREMACY’ does NOT necessarily mean a belief in Racial Superiority. It simply means the conviction that a particular race should occupy a favoured status, a ‘supreme’ position. This status dictates and qualifies all speech and law.
This means in practical terms that rules and laws, and basic concepts as simple as ‘fairness’, or the freedom of speech, are trumped by the race card. Laws and ideas and even logic, assumed to apply to everyone equally, do not.
The Intellectual Basis for Legitimizing Black Supremacy Is The Critical Race Theory. Critical Race Theory, commonly taught in Law schools now, is based on the postmodernist concept that there is no such thing as objective reality in the sense that has been traditionally understood. Instead, critical race theorists say, there are competing race-based versions of reality which may never be compatible. In their view, current descriptions of reality, and all claims of objectivity, as well as all laws developed by European culture, are hopelessly tainted and subjective because they are merely constructs which support and reinforce domination by the white male. Critical Race theorists say that because few whites will ever be able to see things as blacks do, real justice is not something that is subject to objectivity, but can only be defined by blacks.
The ‘victim’ status is carefully maintained by Black . Supremacists to keep a fair standard from being applied across the board. They keep the upper hand and defy objective scrutiny by manipulation and obfuscation through white guilt, and CRT is the legal and philosophical justification of it. CRT assumes that African-Americans cannot be racists because they have a ‘unique history of oppression’, and because they live in a dominant white culture. For a black to prefer blacks is NOT ‘racist’ in this ‘logic’, but for a white to prefer whites IS ‘racist.’ It elevates blacks to an elite, ‘supreme’ status, exempt from the same scrutiny to which everyone else must submit.
In a Black Supremacist culture, where the media reflects that culture, and where the guiding axiom is the Critical Race Theory, it is perfectly legitimate to highly publicize Byrd, but to completely ignore Tillery.
Southern Events Urges Alabamians to Support John Sophocleus for Governor. Sophocleus, Libertarian candidate for governor is the only qualified candidate. He has a profound grasp of the issues in a way that neither of the other two candidates have, he has an understanding of the nature and workings of economics and government, and best of all, he is not a professional politician.
He wants to reduce government and taxes. He believes in the free market, and has always been a strong advocate of Southern Heritage, and involved in our Cause.
Richard Motes, Libertarian and League of the South Member Takes On Democrat State Sen Hank Sanders of Selma, husband of Rose Sanders aka Faya Ora Rose Toure (see page 3). Motes has fought a smart campaign in district 23 and needs a very strong turnout of white voters. His address is 464 County Road 43, Tyler, AL 36785.
Roger Broxton, Confederate Activist of Andalusia Had a Boost in Support in his bid to defeat Rep Seth Hammett, after local advertising highlighting the issues. Broxton, President of the Confederate Heritage Fund, is running as a Republican against the Democrat Hammett. Broxton needs support to finish off the entrenched but vulnerable Hammett. Send a generous check to ‘The Roger Broxton Campaign’, P. O. Box 771 Andalusia, AL 36420.
Confederate Battle Flag Activist Tim Meadows of Semmes, Alabama is a Candidate for the state House Representatives, District 102, as a Republican.
Former Republican Governor Guy Hunt is in District 4 (Cullman, Madison, Morgan) against Zeb Little.
Ed Frazier of Jasper needs our help in his race against Ken Guin - the very liberal majority leader of the Alabama House. Guin is among the biggest taxers in the state. Call Ed at 888-883-8131 or at PO Box 1170, Jasper, AL 35502
Many Other Worthy Candidates Are Running in other districts and in other states, but unfortunately we cannot list them all.
7 Southern Events
Vol. 7 « No. 2
Gods and Generals
Mini-Movie-Review by Mike Tuggle
The interesting characters in Gods and Generals are all Southerners. Stonewall Jackson is the main character, he is portrayed sympathetically, and the loving relationship between him and Anna is believable.
The movie did not skirt the issue of Jackson’s profound religious faith. Better, this Hollywood production showed a Southern Christian who was humble, sincere, and just in his dealings with others—not the vicious hypocrite that Hollywood makes most Christians appear.
The movie does explore Jackson’s eccentricities, but not in a harsh or lampooning way. It also reveals Jackson’s more severe nature when he angrily advises fellow officers to kill every Yankee who crosses the Mason-Dixon line.
There are negatives. Chamberlain (Jeff Daniels) makes an abolitionist speech, though not as self-righteous as the Chamberlain speech in Gettysburg. Not only does the movie portray the North as fighting a noble crusade to free the slaves, it is irritating to see a blatant historical inaccuracy portrayed as fact. The real Chamberlain was in fact NOT an abolitionist, and disagreed with much of Reconstruction.
Still, all the important Southern points are made in the movie. The T. S. Elliot quote at the beginning about loyalty to one’s special places establishes the primary reason the Southerners are resisting the Yankee invasion. Lee re-emphasizes this motivation when he declines Lincoln’s offer to make him the commander of the Union armies. And the Yankees’s lack of concern for civilian casualties at Fredericksburg, as well as their nasty habit of looting Southern property, are portrayed with unmistakable clarity. People who see this movie will leave with a greater appreciation of why the South stood up to the central government and its invading armies. And I believe it will inspire folks to want to find out more about the conflict and its present-day ramifications.
I Love America
by James Butler
During the July 4 weekend I attended a patriotic pageant put on by the biggest church in Huntsville, Alabama. The annual T Love America’ extravaganza draws folks from across the Tennessee Valley. The centerpiece is the Living Flag, a colossal stars and stripes made of flashing lights and folks dressed in coordinated colors on a scaffold.
The show opened with a ‘patriotic medley’ consisting mainly of Yankee Doodle, Pete Seeger and Broadway tunes. The plot was based on It's a Wonderful Life, with Uncle Sam as the Jimmy Stewart character. The evil Mr Potter represented various adversaries of America.
For the Civil War segment, Mr. Potter was on the Confed-
erate side. Lincoln was the frustrated peacemaker. The happy outcome, accompanied by the Battle Hymn of the Republic, was that we had become ‘one nation.’ Next came waves of immigrants welcomed by the Statue of Liberty. In the meantime, we added numerous new stars to the flag as we headed west. (What Indians?)
World War I was skipped (as were Korea and Viet Nam). Next up was the Depression, with people cheerily volunteering to build roads and dams. To their credit, they did not wheel out Roosevelt.
‘Then came war,’ brought on by the perfidious Japs. Huntsville owing a lot to Germans, our former enemies were not included as an enemy. Nor was any mention made of our worthy ally the Soviet Union. But the show needed a postwar adversary, so out came Mr Potter as a Communist, threatening America with Sputnik.
This was followed by Werner von Braun and his fellow rocket scientists (who lived and worked in Huntsville) saving the day with the American space program.
But even after the defeat of Communism America was not out of the woods. No, up till recently political tunnoil had ‘threatened to divide the nation.’ I believe this was a reference to the Clinton years and the 2000 election. But Uncle Sam’s prayers were answered with the World Trade Center bombing, an ‘unprovoked attack’ that ‘brought the nation together.’ A President Bush character explained that our enemies are jealous of our freedoms and that we will ‘pursue the evil ones and bring them to justice.’
Out came New York firemen and police. Big-screen photos of American soldiers killed in Afghanistan (and Daniel Pearl too). The playing of the US service anthems. The National Anthem. Pledge of Allegiance. You get the picture.
Now, I too respect firemen and police. But they are not the Feds (at least not yet). I also respect soldiers doing their duty. But I do not confuse soldiers with Washington policy wonks. But in this production just about all that’s good about America was credited to the unsullied blessing of ‘one nation indivisible’ as led by the Washington government.
Now, I know a lot of these folks, and they are good folks. But I have to say I was disappointed in that church on that night. The fifth-grade version of American history was one thing. But how they could studiously avoid recognising the contributions and sacrifices of their Southern forbears, including over 60,000 Alabama Confederate dead, escapes me.
Maybe by even hinting at the Confederacy the play’s producers thought they were presenting ‘balanced’ history. After all, this is the same Southern denomination that ‘apologised for slavery’ a few years ago.
Certainly they are not alone. Most Americans seem to have scales over their eyes when it comes to history. It would seem that some folks need to be born again into a new understanding of their own birthright.
Mr James Butler of Huntsville, Alabama is a writer, musician, and regular contributor to Southern Events._______

Robert WhitakerCorner
SOCIAL SCIENCE HUBRIS
Social science is in a primitive state of development and social scientists freely adm't it. When 1 took some graduate courses in political science in 1992, the introductory course addressed itself to the exact differences between the more advanced ‘hard sciences’ and the present state of the social sciences.
As so often happens, this recognition goes to the brink of real usefulness but no farther. Social scientists insist that, despite the primitive state of their studies, they have the right answers for society. This collection of‘the ideas of the intellectuals' is what we call ‘political leftism.’
They freely admit their studies are still in an early stage, yet social scientists insist that they, the ‘intellectuals’ have the solutions that should be applied to human affairs.
But a look at the history of the sciences demonstrates one thing about every field of study when it was at the primitive level of today’s social sciences. When it was at this crude, basic level, every prescription an academic discipline gave was not just wrong, it was a disaster.
Early chemistry said that the four elements were earth, air, fire and water. This primitive science was practiced by alchemists. Look at the absurdities of the alchemists.
Ancient geography had three continents of equal size, Europe, Africa and Asia, and no one could get anywhere
using its maps. Primitive medicine bled people to balance four (nonexistent) humours, taking blood from sick people.
Likewise, leftist prescriptions by the social sciences, from getting rid of phonics, to treating criminals as innocent victims of society, to socialism, where ‘intellectuals’ plan the whole economy, has been a disaster.
Though social sciences admit they are primitive, their historians pretend not to notice that every field of study at this early stage has been ridiculous in addressing reality.
Look at all the sciences in their early stages and you will see one invariable rule. That is that when each field of study was exactly where social scientists admit they are today every prescription they agreed on for human beings was wildly and disastrously absurd.
And every time a leftist policy is applied to human affairs, it is a disaster. And like every other primitive science, social science refuses to learn anything from this.
Today, social scientists are as absolutely confident of their agreed-upon prescriptions as every other early scientist was. But they have less excuse, because they claim to be experts on history.
Doctor Semmelweis was one of many martyrs to science who found out that what sounds good is far more important to primitive ‘experts’ than the truth.
Puerperal Disease, or ‘childbed fever,’ killed hundreds of millions of women and children over the weary millennia. All the Medical Intellectuals said puerperal fever came
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
'Truth is error fs best antagonist!'
The Real Lincoln: A New Look at Abraham Lincoln, His Agenda, and an Unnecessary War, by Thomas J. DiLorenzo
(See Review on page 17. A Landmark Work!)	$24.95
A Short History of the Confederate States of America by President Jefferson Davis. 516 pp.
(First time available since 1890 - should be in the library of every Southern home.)	$42.00
Queen of the Confederacy: The Innocent Deceits of Lucy Holcombe Pickens by E. W. Lewis. 228 pp.
(The only woman to have her likeness engraved on Confederate currency.)	$24.95
Judah P. Benjamin-.Confed. Statesman by R. D. Meade.456 pp.(jpb)(Only Jew to serve in Presid. cabinet, either side)$W95 The Southern Essays of Richard M. Weaver, by	J. J. Thompson(editor), 288 pp.	$20.00
Our Father’s Fields: A Southern Story, by James	E. Kibler, hardbound, 444 pp.	$29.95
Can the South Survive, by Michael Grissom, paperback, 705 pp.	$19.95
And One Was a Soldier: The Spiritual Pilgrimage	of Robert E. Lee by Bishop Robert R. Brown. 125 pp.	$19.95
Union and Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun edited by R. M. Lence. 656 pp.	$25.00
Life in Dixie During the War by Mary A. Gay of Georgia. 448 pp.	(pb) $16.00, Hardback $39.95
Kate: The Journal of a Confederate Nurse by Kate Cumming of Ala. 321 pp.(pb) (One of the best wartime diaries) $18.95 Complete Tales of Uncle Remus by Joel Chandler Harris. 875 pp. (BPer Rabbit says 'Please don't buy this book!’) $35.00
1 Dr. C. E. Baker	
1 652 Sixteenth Avenue, NW	P & H $2.50, First Volume, $1.50 thereafter;
Birmingham, Alabama 35215	Personal Cheques Welcome, No Credit Cards.
[ (205)854-2690 (205)853-0967	
Vol. 7 0 No. 2
from Imbalanced Humours or (Yes, it was popular centuries ago) from Deep Seated Psychosomatic Causes.
In 1848, a young doctor named Semmelweis found that childbed fever could be stopped if the Great Medical Experts would simply wash their hands before delivering babies. It was the least salable explanation imaginable. It was too simple, too obvious. So, for a generation, millions of women and babies died in agony because the Medical Experts were unanimously against Semmelweis.
The same thing happened with vaccination and with the bacterial theory of disease. Millions died while Medical Authority and Intellectuals fought for the Humour Theory of Disease, for which there was no evidence except the fact that Authority supported it.
Like political leftism, the Humour Theory of Disease never worked, but university ‘intellectuals’ in primitive medicine unanimously supported it.
One after another, each one of these common sense Semmelweis Solutions had to be sold over the screams of the Authorities and Intellectuals while millions died.
A field is a science when it decides that if you have a cure that WORKS on one side, and all the Intellectuals and Authorities on the other. Authority means nothing.
Semmelweis saved a few thousands lives personally. He has saved hundreds of millions since, and he is saving them right now. But, in his lifetime, this forgotten hero of humanity watched millions die while he wore himself out trying to point out the simple reality that would save them.
Because he loved humanity too much for his own good, Semmelweis died in a madhouse.
RACE TRAITORS
Paul Craig Roberts' recent column discussed a Jewish professor at Harvard who founded a group called Race Traitors: Their motto is, ‘Treason to the white race isl loyalty to humanity.’
This particular anti-white Harvard Professor, Noel Ignatiev, says, ‘The goal of abolishing the white race is on its face so desirable that some may find it hard to believe that it could incur any opposition other than frorrj committed white supremacists.’
I have been hit with that line all my life, from both liberals and conservatives. Coast to coast, a lot of conservatives are denouncing Ingnatiev’s perfectly honest statement of national policy. They act as if they haven’t been saying the same thing.
Well, DUH! Every respectable conservative has to an4 nounce the means he prefers to follow to get rid of whites. People like Pat Buchanan may ask that immigration to America from the third world be slowed down, but even Buchanan has to demand that immigration and integra-
tion take place so that the white majority will be turned brown.
Buchanan tried to argue against the browning of America a couple of times and got slapped down. He now obeys the rule that has been true all of my considerable lifetime: Anyone who does not have a plan to get rid of the white race is anaziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews. No one is allowed to question the goal of a * raceless' (by which they mean a whiteless) world. Nobody expects Africa or Asia to change its race, and no one cares one way or the other.
And this does not just mean leftist professors at Harvard. This is everyone: ‘There is no room for racism in America.’ Ignatiev just said what he assumed we all knew: ‘The goal of abolishing the white race is on its face so desirable that some may find it hard to believe that it could incur any opposition other than from committed white supremacists.’
Everyone who is not a racist in this society subscribes to what Ignatiev says. So while I applaud Roberts’s guts in talking about this guy, I wonder where the hell he has been all this time?
In his article Roberts follows the rules of respectable conservatism. He puts ‘the white race’ in quotes, something he never does with blacks. Ignatiev does not put ‘the white race’ in quotes. He has no doubt about what he’s trying to do away with. Neither does anybody else.
For a while, Craig Roberts himself ran the editorial page of the ‘Wall Street Journal.' He must have been very good to be hired for that, because he has written columns asking why, in the Holy Name of Diversity, no one dares to say that white countries should be preserved.
But no one disagrees with the continued existence of white majority countries more than does the Wall Street Journal. The Journal officially demands that a constitutional amendment be passed that says, simply, ‘There shall be no borders.’
The Wall Street Journal wants all the cheap labor that can flow in from the third world. Like the Libertarian Party, they assume that, when they become citizens, those masses would not vote to redistribute the wealth through a big
government.
I was in school with Craig Roberts many years ago, and he is not that kind of fool. It takes guts to say what he said, and I applaud him. But Ignatiev is perfectly correct. Nobody is allowed to join in public discussion unless he can demonstrate that he is HONESTLY devoted to the abolition of white skin.
There is no room in this world for racism. Racism comes in only one color, and everybody who can read knows it. (Continued on page 27)
The goal of abolishing the white race is on its face so desirable that some may find it hard to believe that it could incur any opposition other than from committed white supremacists.’ - Noel Ignatiev of 'Race Traitor'
The Other Reparations Movement
bv Thomas J. DiLorenzo
' H
Jack Kershaw of Memphis, Tennessee, wants to file a class-action lawsuit against the US government for reparations. Not on behalf of the descendants of slaves but on behalf of Southerners of all races whose ancestors were the victims of the US government’s rampage of pillaging, plundering, burning, and raping of Southern civilians during the War for Southern Independence.
[Editor's note: See the interview with Jack Kershaw on page 14. and the review of Thomas Di Lorenzo's book: The Real Lincoln: A New Look at Abraham Lincoln, His Agenda, and an Unnecessary War on page 16.]
In I860 international law - and the US government’s own military code - prohibited the intentional targeting of civilians in war, although it was recognized that civilian casualties are always inevitable. ‘Foraging’ to feed an army was acceptable, but compensation was also called for. The kind of wanton looting and destruction of private property that was practiced by the Union army for the entire duration of the war was forbidden, and perpetrators were to be imprisoned or hanged. This was all described in great detail in the book. International Law, authored by San Francisco attorney Henry Hal leek, who was appointed by Lincoln as general in chief of the Union armies in July 1862.
International law, the US army’s own military code, and common rules of morality and decency that existed at the time were abandoned by the Union army from the very beginning. A special kind of soldier was used to pillage and plunder private property in the South during the war. In The Hard Hand of War Mark Grimsley writes that the federal Army of the Potomac ‘possessed its full quotient of thieves, freelance foragers, and officers willing to look the other way,’ and that ‘as early as October 1861’ General Louis Blenker’s division ‘was already burning houses and public buildings along its line of march’ in Virginia. Prior to the Battle of First Manassas in the early summer of 1861 the Army of the Potomac was marked by ‘robbing hen roosts, killing hogs, slaughtering beef cattle, cows, the burning of a house or two and the plundering of others.’
• In Marching through Georgia Sherman biographer Lee Kennett noted that Sherman’s New York regiments ‘were filled with big city criminals and foreigners fresh from | the jails of the Old World.’
Unable to subdue their enemy combatants, many Union officers waged war on civilians instead, with Lincoln’s full knowledge and approval. Grimsley describes how Union Colonel John Beatty warned the residents of Paint
Rock, Alabama, that ‘Every time the telegraph wirew cut we would burn a house; every time a train was fired upon we would hang a man; and we would continue to do this until every house was burned and every man hanged between Decatur and Bridgeport.’ Beatty ended up burning the entire town of Paint Rock to the ground.
The Union army did not merely gather food for itself; it pillaged, plundered, burned, and raped its way through the South for four years. Grimsley recounts a first hand account of the sacking of Fredericksburg, Virginia, in December of 1862:
Great three-story houses furnished magnificently were broken into and their contents scattered over the floors and trampled on by the muddy feet of the soldiers. Splendid alabaster vases and pieces of statuary were thrown at 6 and 700 dollar mirrors. Closets of the very finest china were broken into and their contents smashed . . . rosewood pianos piled in the street and burned . . . Identical events occurred in dozens of other Southern cities and towns for four years. Sherman was the plunder-in-chief, and he had three solid years of practice for his March to the Sea. In the autumn of 1862 Confederate snipers were firing at Union gunboats on the Mississippi River. Unable to apprehend the combatants, Sherman took revenge on the civilian population by burning the entire town of Randolph, Tennessee, to the ground. In a July 31, 1862 letter to his wife Sherman explained that his purpose in the war was ‘extermination, not of the soldiers alone, that is the least part of the trouble, but the people.’
In the spring of 1863, after the Confederate Army had evacuated, Sherman ordered his army to destroy the town of Jackson, Mississippi. They did, and in a letter to General Ulysses S. Grant Sherman boasted that ‘The inhabitants [of Jackson] are subjugated. They cry aloud for mercy. The land is devastated for 30 miles around.’
Meridian, Mississippi was also destroyed after the Confederate Army had evacuated, after which Sherman wrote to Grant: ‘For five days, ten thousand of our men worked hard and with a will, in that work of destruction, with axes, sledges, crowbars, clawbars, and with fire, and 1 have no hesitation in pronouncing the work well done. Meridian ... no longer exists.’
In Citizen Sherman Michael Fellman describes how Sherman’s chief engineer, Captain O.M. Poe, advised that the bombing of Atlanta was of no military significance (the Confederates had already abandoned the city) and implored Sherman to stop the bombardment after viewing the carcasses of dead women and children in the streets. Sherman coldly told him the dead bodies were ‘a beautiful sight’ and commenced the destruction of 90 percent of all the buildings in Atlanta. After that, the remaining 2,000
11 Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 2
residents were evicted from their homes just as winter was approaching.
In October of 1864 Sherman even ordered the murder of randomly chosen citizens in retaliation for Confederate Army attacks. He wrote to General Louis D. Watkins: ‘Cannot you send over about Fairmount and Adairsville, burn ten or twelve houses . . ., kill a few at random, and let them know that it will be repeated every time a train is fired upon ..." (See John Bennett Walters, Merchant of Terror: General Sherman and Total War, p. 137).
The indiscriminate bombing of Southern cities, which was outlawed by international law at the time, killed hundreds, if not thousands of slaves. The slaves were targeted by Union Army plunderers as much as anyone. As Grimsley writes, ‘With the utter disregard for blacks that was the norm among Union troops, the soldiers ransacked the slave cabins, taking whatever they liked.’ A typical practice was to put a hangman’s noose around a slave’s neck and threaten to hang him unless he revealed where the household’s jewelry and silverware were hidden. Some slaves were beaten to death by Union soldiers.
General Phillip Sheridan engaged in the same kind of cowardly, criminal behavior in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia in the autumn of 1864, after the Confederates had finally evacuated the valley. General Grant ordered him to turn the valley into a ‘desert,’ and he and his army did. A sergeant in Sheridan’s army, William T. Patterson, described the pillaging, plundering, and burning of Harrisonburg, Bridgewater, and Dayton Virginia:
The work of destruction is commencing in the suburbs of the town . . . The whole country around is wrapped in flames, the heavens are aglow with the light thereof. . . such mourning, such lamentations, such crying and pleading for mercy I never saw nor never want to see again, some were wild, crazy, mad, some cry for help while others throw their arms around yankee soldiers necks and implore mercy. (See Roy Morris, Jr., Sheridan, p. 184.)
It is important to recognise that at the time the Valley was populated only by women, children, and old men who were too feeble to be in the army. In letters home some of Sheridan’s soldiers described themselves as ‘barn burners’ and ‘destroyers of homes.’ One soldier wrote that he had personally burned more than 60 private homes to the ground, as Grimsley recounts. After Sheridan’s work of destruction and theft was finished Lincoln grandly conveyed to him his personal thanks and ‘the thanks of a nation.’
Historian Lee Kennett, author of Marching through Georgia: The Story of Soldiers and Civilians during Sherman’s Campaign, wrote an article in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution last year in which he argued that Southerners had been too critical of Sherman. His book is
very favorable to Sherman and Lincoln, but he nevertheless wrote on page 286 that:
Had the Confederates somehow won, had their victory put them in position to bring their chief opponents before some sort of tribunal, they would have found themselves justified (as victors generally do) in stringing up President Lincoln and the entire Union high command for violation of the laws of war, specifically for waging war against noncombatants.
If Mr Kershaw’s lawsuit goes to trial, Lincoln and his high command will finally be put before a tribunal, of sorts. He probably has little if any hope of winning such a case (in federal court!), but the trial record would go a long way toward combating the whitewashing of history that has occurred for the past 140 years.
Dr Thomas J. DiLorenzo is the author of The Real Lincoln: A New Look at Abraham Lincoln, His Agenda, and an Unnecessary War (Forum/Random House, 2002) and professor of economics at Loyola College in Maryland, j This article first appeared on LewRochvell.com
i
Dr Thomas DiLorenzo will hold a booksigning in Abbeville, SC at the League of the South Building, 107 N. Main St., on 12 October in conjunction with the South Carolina League of the South Fall Conference. Dr DiLorenzo will be the after dinner speaker at the Village Grill, 110 Trinity Street, for a League Building fundraiser, a nice ending to the SC LS conference that day. He will speak on the reception of his book, The Real Lincoln, with humorous anecdotes. The dinner begins at 6:30 pm and features prime rib, chicken, or seafood, $25 adults with children plate available. RSVP (864) 459-2395 or email LeagueBuilding@SCLoS org. Tickets to be purchased at the League Building. No admittance at the Village Grill without a printed ticket.
The keynote Conference speaker on the 12th will be Howard Phillips of the Constitution Party. The Conference is $20 a person with a family maximum of $65 (includes BBQ by Blazin' Bill)
Dr Michael Hill will present the outline of the League’s Grey Book. Charles Sharpe, Keith Todd, Ted Adams and other SC candidates in the November election will attend.
Ed Kelleher, President, GrassRoots SC, will speak regarding mutual cooperation on 2nd Amendment rights and Michelle Thaxton, SC Landowners’ Association, will speak regarding property rights.
The conference is an outdoors event at the Jefferson Davis Park, 100 block of Greenville Street in Abbeville. The Civic Center, 404 North Main Street, is reserved for inclement weather.
Howard Phillips is a Harvard Graduate, married with six children and 14 grandchildren. He was the 1992 and 1996 US Taxpayers Party candidate for US President.
He founded the US Taxpayers Party in 1992, now known as the Constitution Party.
12 Southern Events
Vol. 7 0 No. 2
Questions That Won’t Be ' Asked About Iraq
Just a few of those asked 10 September 2002 by Rep. Ron Paul, MD, of Texas, in the House of Representatives.
1.	Is it not true that the reason we did not bomb the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War was because we knew they could retaliate?
2.	Is it not also true that we are willing to bomb Iraq now because we know it cannot retaliate - which just confirms that there is no real threat?
3.	Was former CIA counter-terrorism chief Vincent Cannistraro wrong when he recently said there is no confirmed evidence of Iraq’s links to terrorism?
4.	How can Hussein be compared to Hitler when he has no navy or air force, and now has an army 1/5 the size of twelve years ago, which even then proved totally inept at defending the country?
5.	Is it not true that the power to declare war is exclusively that of the Congress? Should presidents, contrary to the Constitution, allow Congress to concur only when pressured by public opinion? Are presidents permitted to rely on the UN for permission to go to war?
6.	How can our declared goal of bringing democracy to Iraq be believable when we prop up dictators throughout the Middle East and support military tyrants like Musharraf in Pakistan, who overthrew a democratically-elected president?
7.	Is it not true that preventive war is synonymous with an act of aggression, and has never been considered a moral or legitimate US policy?
8.	Why do oil company executives strongly support this war if oil is not the real reason we plan to take over Iraq?
9.	Where does the Constitution grant us permission to wage war for any reason other than self-defense?
10.	Is it not true that a war against Iraq rejects the sentiments of the time-honoured Treaty of Westphalia, nearly 400 years ago, that countries should never go into another for the purpose of regime change?
11.	Why do the oil company executives strongly support this war if oil is not the real reason we plan to take over Iraq?
Their course of life is evil, and their might is not right. - Jer 23:10
Confederate
Shoppe
928 Delcris Dr. Birmingham, AL 35226
Toll Free 866-244-0869 205-942-7881 (fax)
confederate@wwisp.com
One Has an Obligation to Seek the Truth
Non-fiction, pro-Southron Books Including:
When In the Course of Human Events Our Father's Fields Southern Tradition at Bay T-shirts Bumper Stickers Belts/Braces Confederate Music Swim Wear Neckwear Flags Jewelry And More
http://www.pointsouth.com/c-shoppe.htm

!
Vol. 7 • No. 2
Gentleman Farmer
by Ken Gillespie
The gentleman farmer from OP Salem Spry in his genteel ways, a twinkle in his eyes, Saunders over in overalls.
Dirt betwixt his nails—
His tractor’s not for sale!
— the last of the yeomanry he.
His hat reads some quaint saying Stitched into modern times.
We offered him a cigar.
But he declined.
Not far from his doorsteps, he pointed.
The earthen barriers rise man made To stem the yankee tide.
Where men dug in their hopes and fears,
And there a many died:
Protectors of their hearths and homes,
The glade down by the spring And o’er the fields Where OP Salem lies.
Now plowed under, iron and lead, and The dust of those brave men,
They rest at eventide while The yankee lads march on in song:
Other churches and farms to burn.
Others to raise alarm.
‘We march on men in blue.
Our banner fairly high!
We rape and loot and with torches alight OP Salem’s burning bright tonight.’
The women weep with babes to breast,
The children sleep in the open fields All filled with dreadful fright.
Oh the great harm the invader
Has fiercely done: Made war on women
And children, and called it ‘Glory Road.’
Can we, will we forget?
Though he writes history’s pages And ‘educates’ our young!
Can we say that what was begun Won’t end in OUR own graves ... ?
Chorus
Oh I went down to Salem town With OP Texas Jack’s grandson,
Where the yankees done come and gone,
And they won’t be cornin’ back.
Cause we chased those blue bellied looters
To the worn and heavy tracks
That carried them on back to Memphis town.
So won’t you come and ride with me—
The yankee’s on the run!!
The blue bellied looting rascals Done thrown away his gun!
It’s in the Hatchie bottoms With the patches he’s done torn Away, away.
Twas Bouton’s blacks, all brave men,
‘No quarter!’ Was their cry.
They’d bragged from Memphis down To Brice’s place,
But now their song’s undone.
And sitting wit de candles They plead quarter every one!
No Fear
by Ken Gillespie
Beyond the dark temples
Of industry’s towers
Well lighted both night and day,
Far beyond the wet streets,
The crime and the horrors,
‘Cross plains of Arkansas clay,
Out past the cotton agrowin’
The pickers rest in the shade.
While the smoke of the factories Billows and blossoms, arrays Itself out among the fair flowers,
The soil pursues its decay.
And the people do worship their false gods, Idols standing to lay Down their deceptive doctrines In mass profusion obey.
The people all rise in unison,
They are not afraid. And their Anthem a proclamation:
‘Confusion, confusion.
Confusion is the song of our day.’
Mr Ken Gillespie lives is Memphis.
I Yankees in Dixie
by Joe Scotchie (Continued from page on2)
/^Vbserving the culture wars in South Carolina, Clyde Vy Wilson noted that about half of all recent Yankee refugees to his state support flying the Confederate flag over the statehouse. Sounds encouraging, but there’s the other half. The other fifty percent are either ambivalent or worse set. unassimilated descendants of Thaddeus Stevens, people who oppose school prayer (even at high school football games), who support abortion on demand, gay rights, and in general, regard the Bubba. the rednecks, the plain folk of the Old South with the same sniveling contempt that any editor at the New York Times does. These people like the climate down South, the low real estate prices, and the architecture, but not a traditionalist Southern culture. The Bush boys, with their support of immigration, bilingual education and affirmative action are prime examples of these types writ powerful.
And yet. it is possible to have sym-| pathy for at least some of these wandering Yankees. Why? Well, civilized life in their home areas is just about nonexistent. Yes. Northerners move south for jobs and because air conditioning makes the sunny South bearable. But they are also escaping the tidal wave of Third World immigration currently swallowing up the urban Northeast. What is happening is comparable to a revolving door: Immigrants flooding in, native-born Americans heading in the other direction, usually down I -95 to Virginia. the Carolinas, Georgia and Florida.
Many Northerners who flee south are a rootless people. Their grandparents might have been European immigrants. living in what were then pleasant big city neighbourhoods in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Detroit and elsewhere. The next generation went to college and moved to the suburbs, places now as uninhabitable as the cities. Yankee transplants are like armies of little Thomas Wolfes: They can't go home again, mainly because they can no longer recognize the neighbourhoods they or their parents and grandparents grew up in. It’s a grim situation. Folks in the Northeast have been badly betrayed by their politicians, all of whom have swallowed the ‘nation of immigrants’ mythology cork, bottle, and label.
And so, some embrace the Southern tradition, realizing it is something real and lasting, fully part of their own Western heritage. Consider the case of Eugene
Genovese, a native of Brooklyn, New York. Professor Genovese is hardly as conservative as his old friend, M. E. Bradford. Still, in a 1993 lecture (published under the title The Southern Tradition), he defended the Vanderbilt Agrarians and their disciples, including Bradford and Richard Weaver, to an audience at Harvard University. Other refugees, hating anything in the classical Christian tradition, despise the conservative South and work towards its destruction. In many school districts up North, young students are taught to hate the Old South. For some, the propaganda sticks. These malcontents have to be defeated. Finally, other Northerners in Dixie enjoy the seasons, root for their favourite hockey teams on cable television stations and can’t understand what all the fuss over the culture wars is about. These are harmless folks. Their children, however, may grow up to drive pickup trucks with ‘Forget, Hell’ bumper stickers.
New South types place all value on material gain. There can never be enough commercial and real estate development, never enough professional athletic teams for their region, never enough ‘economic growth,’ never enough cheap labor, no matter where it comes from. Success is defined by economics alone. We’d be better off with stagnant economies and stable communities. For now and maybe well into the future, the South remains under siege. Yankees from the North, Mexicans and other aliens from south of the border. You’d have to say that on the balance, the latter represents the greater problem.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a published author, a newspaper editor, and a regular contributor to Southern Events.
Interview of Jack Kershaw
Mr Jack Kershaw, attorney and artist of Nashville is one of the cornerstones in the Southern Movement. He plans to file a class-action lawsuit against the US government for reparations for Southerners. (See Thomas DiLorenzo's essay on page ten).
by Ross Massey, June 2002
RM: When were, you born?
JK: October 12th, 1913.
RM: So you will be 89 this year. I remember you were I born in Joplin, Missouri. You have lived in Nashville, so how did that happen?
JK: My father had an interest in zinc mines in Missouri. RM: Your wife passed away in 1989, but she, has not been forgotten.
JK: I set up the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation to pro-
New South types place all value on material gain. . . . We'd be better off with stagnant economies and stable communities.
Vol. 7 • No. 2
mote good, traditional Southern culture. I am sure she would have approved.
RM: 1 recall you majored in geology at Vanderbilt. Did your father get you interested in geology?
JK: He got me interested in history. I found 1 like the shape of rocks more than the mineralogical content. 1 took more English than geology.
RM: 1 recall you had some famous teachers.
JK: Donald Davidson was certainly one. He was responsible for the agrarian movement. 1 did not have a class under him. I had sophomore English under Robert Penn Warren. 1 had creative writing under John C. Ransom. RM: Did you stay in contact with any of the Agrarians? JK: Davidson and 1 worked closely together in school integration cases, as his wife was a lawyer. Mel Bradford was a student, and we became friends. He was a most important contemporary force in promoting the Southern point of view.
RM: When did you study law?
JK: Not until the 1960s. I went to the Nashville School of Law.
RM: What was your most interesting case?
JK: Defending parents resisting compulsory school integration. But a more famous case was defending James Earl Ray when congress was investigating him. He was falsely accused. I showed that the rifle they had, that was supposed to be Ray’s, and the bullet they said was from King’s body, did not match. Five ballistic experts would not say the bullet had been fired from their rifle.
RM: Has anything improved in the South during your lifetime?
JK: No. It has degenerated. The Yankee invasion (migration to the South) has contaminated the fabric of our society, as some good Yankees will acknowledge. We hope they will learn good manners.
RM: Do you find any young Southerners have good manners?
JK: Yes. It is surprising.
RM: And some Yankees?
JK: Some of course. Most are aggressive and rude, and lack what some good Southern ladies call ‘refinement.’ RM: What is the best art gallery you have visited?
JK: The Met in New York, but most galleries are to be avoided.
RM: Of all the art you have created, which is your favourite?
JK: What I am working on now. The Scream 9-11. It was a cry for help that was never answered. The irony of the World Trade Center is that it was not the greatest disas-
ter on American soil. Greater disasters were the burning of cities like Atlanta and Columbia by the United States Army, during our war for independence.
RM: You were, involved in founding the League of the South. Does it have a strategy to attract members?
JK: There is a vast national concern for the leviathan monster that we have for a central government. Mishandling of immigration for instance. Many parents are concerned about the public school system, which suffers from Washington’s dictatorial control. Southern states need to control their borders, and this message should attract members. However, mere attraction of members is not the goal. The goal is to preserve the many facets of Southern culture. If that goal is realized members will appear
as a matter of course.
RM: Is the Sons of Confederate Veterans on the right track?
JK: There are signs that it is, but there seems to be an old established clique that is more concerned with antiquarian nick-nacks (medals, etc.), than with serious cultural aspects of the South. The SCV could be a powerful force on the political scene, but it is not.
RM: You and I have a problem with the word ‘indivisible’ in the pledge to the US flag. Please comment on that.
JK: I find the ceremony of saying it at a SCV meeting to be incongruous. Our forefathers fought to preserve the Constitution. The 10th Amendment contains the right to secede, so our pledge should be that we pledge to uphold the Constitution.
RM: Much of what has made the South good is agrarian roots. Our population growth is out of control with Yankees and other foreign cultures moving in. What one thing can Southerners do to maintain our society?
JK: Arm yourselves.
Dr Miguel A. Faria, MD, editor of the Medical Sentinel, official journal of American Physicians and Surgeons, debunked a number of myths in a recent analysis of old flawed studies. He said women are NOT in more danger if they carry a gun; availability of guns is NOT the cause of crime; and that gun violence is NOT the leading accidental cause of death in children. The studies, he said, were biased by the health establishment's stated objective in 1979 of the ‘total eradication of handguns.’
The irony of the World Trade Center is that it was not the greatest disaster on American soil. Greater disasters were the burning of cities like Atlanta and Columbia by the United .States Army, during our war for independence.
1 () Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 2
Ambivalent Patriotism Towards the United States
by Elliot Germain (Continued from page one)
The son represents the ‘patriot’ and the father represents the ‘Nation.’ This is a logical comparison since the root word of ‘patriotism’ is the Greek word ‘pater,’ meaning ‘father,’ and the word ‘nation’ being derived from ‘natio’ or ‘by birth’ (natal).
The son, by instinct, is loyal to his father. But if the father gets drunk and beats up the son, the son hates the father’s unjust violation of their relationship. He is loyal to his father, yet he hates his father’s misuse of authority. This is a personal analogy of the Ambivalent Patriotism many Americans have toward their national government.
Ambivalent Patriotism is no more clearly evident than in the feelings of Americans of Southern descent, i.e. Confederates. Modern Confederates were born, and grew up in the ‘American Union.’ The flag flying over the nation in which we were born was the Stars and Stripes. If we go to a foreign land and are asked ‘What country are you from’ we say the United States. But when Southerners think of ‘home’ we think of ‘Our State,’ then the ‘South’ and then the entire ‘United States.’ We are patriotic to all three, each for different reasons. A major consideration is that Southerners who identify with their Confederate heritage DO study history, and in doing so understand the true history of, and association between, these 3 jurisdictions which compete for our patriotism.
A person born in Virginia is loyal to Virginia. He studies state history and learns that it had entered into a compact with 12 other states to form a mutual government that was to resolve political problems relating to the interactions within this confederation; that government was called the United States. The confederated government was accused by the State of Virginia of assuming powers not granted to it in the compact. Other Southern States came to that same conclusion, which led to their secession from the original government and into the formation of a new confederated government. This created a new patriotism, to the Confederate States of America. The American dream has flourished in each of the 3 governments: Virginia, the United States and the Confederate States, but things change. People have had adapt to preserve liberty or see it vanish.
The United States attacked the Southern States and thus attacked their Confederacy. The Southern States were destroyed, and with it the destruction of its public property and private property to include the loss of life
to soldiers and civilians, the debacle of the monetary system, the imposition of a military government and the permanent loss of Constitutional Rights, both State and National. That very same destructive ‘Federal’ government is still in power today and has offered no true account or apology of its actions. How can one love his own State (Virginia) and still love the instrument of its destruction? My patriotism of Virginia is steadfast; my patriotism of the Confederacy (which never surrendered) is unwavering (for ‘they’ never attacked Virginia, but only defended her). And so my patriotism of the United States is ambivalent: I love the America of 1789, but I am repulsed by those who destroyed it, and by those politicians today who assume powers never rightfully delegated to them. Honest patriotism is attracted to that which best serves virtue and liberty, but is repulsed by their destruction, past or present.
Mr Elliott Germain is the chairman of the Virginia League of the South.
Sic Semper Tyrannis
by H.A. Scott Trask A Book Review
The Real Lincoln: A New Look at Abraham Lincoln, His Agenda, and an Unnecessary War by Thomas J. DiLorenzo, Roseville' CA: Prima Publishing; 308 pp., $24.95
Abraham Lincoln remains the central historical figure in modern America; the only others who can compete with him in their influence on the present and the degree of adulation accorded them are Franklin Delano Roosevelt and the Rev. ‘Dr.’ Martin Luther King, Jr. Lincoln is praised for having accomplished two things: preserving the Union and freeing the slaves. The more sophisticated of Lincoln’s defenders claim that he also ‘refounded’ the Union. True, but on what set of principles? Neoconservative defenders of Lincoln have performed philosophical somersaults, maintaining that Lincoln was simultaneously a conservative and a progressive, that he preserved the Union even while transforming it, and that he had to violate the Constitution in order to save it. Thomas J. DiLorenzo’s outstanding new book exposes these paradoxes as the ridiculous rationalizations they always were. He does so by concentrating on Lincoln’s actions rather than his words. DiLorenzo’s main theme is that Lincoln represented a militant and extreme incarnation of a certain statist tradition in American history. Lincoln’s political centralism, disregard for constitutional limitations, and
17 Southern Events
mercantilism were Hamiltonian. Lincoln differed from his predecessor chiefly because he succeeded in transforming the republic along these lines.
On what principles, then, did Lincoln refound the Union? DiLorenzo identifies four of them: political centralization; state capitalism; anticonstitutionalism; and warfare as an acceptable instrument of moral and political reform. However, he misses two of great importance -ideological nationalism and political messianism/ Pharisaism - and he denies a third: racial egalitarianism. DiLorenzo can marshal all the racist and pro-black-colonization statements Lincoln ever made, but that does not change the historical realities that, because of Lincoln and his party, slavery was abolished; blacks (and potentially all other people of colour) were made citizens; and suffrage was extended to the freedmen. For these, Lincoln will remain a hero in the eyes of Progressives.
DiLorenzo details at length how Lincoln, a former Whig and disciple of Henry Clay, used the war - and the near-total power that it invested in him - as a means of enacting the Whig mercantilist program of high tariffs, national banking, public debt, and government subsidies for big business. Lincoln had always believed in this program, and he was not about to allow the secession of the Southern states to frustrate its long-awaited fulfilment. If DiLorenzo can be faulted here, it is for failing to explain how the Republicans masked their program of corporate welfare and privilege with false rhetoric about protecting American labour, defending free soil, fighting for the common man, etc. It is remarkable how little Republicans have changed in 150 years. While the rhetoric has shifted, their true constituency remains the same.
For the leading lights of the historical profession as well as the punditocracy, Lincoln remains a mythological figure whose greatness, essential goodness, and heroism go unquestioned. They tolerate no independent analysis or revisionism; instead, they fiercely guard a set of axioms: The North was right, the South was wrong; the cause of the war was slavery and only slavery; the war was inevitable; the Southern ‘rebellion’ was wicked and had to be crushed; secession was unconstitutional; Northern methods of war were moral, appropriate, and necessary to victory; Lincoln’s economic policies ushered in a modern industrial society of unprecedented wealth. Through the marshalling of evidence and reasoned argument, DiLorenzo refutes them all.
DiLorenzo shatters five persistent myths about the period.
First myth: ‘The war was caused by slavery.’ DiLorenzo reveals that, whatever factors motivated the South to secede, ending slavery and racial injustice was not why
Vol. 7* No. 2
the North chose to fight. On the contrary. Northern elites waged war to restore the territorial integrity of the Union, regain federal tariff revenue, and prevent a free-trade confederation from surviving on their southern border.
Second myth: ‘Lincoln preserved the Union.’ The Union was formed as a voluntary association of coequal and sovereign states. Lincoln destroyed this Union, substituted coercion for consent, and transformed a confederation of states into a unitary republican empire.
Third myth: ‘The North was fighting for the American principle of self-government.’ The opposite was true. The North went to war to extirpate the right and practice of self-government, not only in the 11 states of the Confederacy but in the four border states as well, in each of which Lincoln overthrew the elected local governments and imposed military rule.
Fourth myth: ‘War was necessary to end slavery.’ DiLorenzo disposes of this fallacy with a single devastating question: Why was the United States the only country in the 19th century that had to resort to war to end slavery? That it was ended in this way, rather than through peaceful reform, should be a cause for shame, not pride.
Fifth myth: ‘The war was just and moral.’ It was just and moral only if you consider the burning and looting of private homes, farms, and plantations, the sacking of cities, the theft of private property, widespread rape (of both black and white women), and the execution of civilians just and moral. As DiLorenzo points out, centuries of Western legal and moral tradition had condemned such methods of warfare, even when the war itself was justified. By making deliberate war on civilians, Lincoln placed himself outside the canon of Western Christian civilization.
DiLorenzo will be criticized for relying mostly on secondary sources and for the polemical tone of his book, which nevertheless is far more historical and logical than most contemporary volumes on the subject. Historians and pundits tend to wander into the fogs of mysticism and abstraction when discussing Lincoln and the war. They rarely define liberty, equality, democracy, the Union, the Constitution, or the nation; instead, they conflate these various abstractions and make Lincoln their great champion. Not so with DiLorenzo, who-gives specific content to these terms and shows how the Great Emancipator was the inveterate foe of each and every one of them.
Dr H. A. Scott Trask of Missouri is an American historian working on a book on Northern opposition to Lincoln during the War for Southern Independence. This review appeared originally in Chronicles.
18 So* 4them Events
Vol. 7 • ATo. 2
The Religion of Liberalism
(Continued from page one) An Excerpt from The South Under Siege 1830-2000; A History of the Relations Between the North and the South by Frank Conner
(Collards Publishing, P O Box 71996 New nan, Georgia 30271) 752 pp. $34.95
This book examines in depth the meaning of the real history of the North and South, exposing the lies and distortions by which the northern liberals have made ideological war against the South.
Every chapter is infuriating! Better yet, it will infuriate Southrons to ACT! It is exhaustive, comprehensive,and systematically brilliant.
It is well-documented and articulate, yet it will be easily readible to the average literate person.
It is self-published, an unfortunate limitation.
ill lil SOUTH UNDER SIEGE 1830 - 2000
A llisli>r> of tile Itelntions llvtiutii the North anil the South
Frank Conner
because it needs to be sold by every Southern Patriot book-seller and in the home of every Southerner.
Thefollowing is from Chapter 6, ‘Liberalism, ’ a section entitled, ‘The French Enlightenment Produces Secular Humanism (Ideological Liberalism) ’
Secular humanism (ideological liberalism) is - and I always has been - presented very carefully to the American public as a mild, benign philosophy. Webster’s New Collegiate Dictionary defines liberalism as ‘c: a political philosophy based on belief in progress, the essential goodness of man, and the autonomy of the individual and standing for the protection of political and civil liberties.’
In fact, ideological liberalism is a religion that generates radical-left politics; and it has been around for a long time. It was bom mostly of the musings of 17th century Englishmen such as John Milton, Thomas Hobbes, and John Locke - who dreamed of new forms of government and education more than three centuries ago. Those dreams were appropriated and expanded by 18th century French Enlightenment philosophes (philosophers) such as Charles Montesquieu, Voltaire (Francois Marie Arouet), and Jean Jacques Rousseau.
The ideological liberals did propose some valuable concepts - such as (courtesy of John Locke) that political sovereignty should be vested in the people, rather than a monarch; that government should consist of three branches, with checks and balances; and that private property should be permitted and protected. But as we shall see, the majority of the liberals’ beliefs had no basis in reality, and some are extremely dangerous to the society. America’s Founding Fathers evaluated the works of the liberals carefully, incorporated their good ideas into the Articles of Confederation and then the U.S. Constitution, and junked the rest. But alas, the rejected concepts did not then go away.
Rousseau and the other 18th century Enlightenment philosophes were men of great optimism; they were not themselves scientists, but were science boosters. They were overawed by the successes of the physical scientists - such as Isaac Newton - at identifying the basic laws of nature which govern the behavior of matter. The philosophes assumed that within a few decades the scientists would also get around to identifying the laws of nature governing the behavior of human beings. When that happened, governments could then employ those laws to rule men wisely and with compassion - and there would no longer be any excuse for maintaining the tyrannical kings and bishops (still dominating Europe in the 18th century) who had always made the lives of most common men and many intellectuals so miserable.
But the philosophes could not reconcile themselves to await patiently the earthshaking discoveries of the physical laws of human behavior: they themselves began to speculate as to what those laws might turn out to be. Consciously or subconsciously, they based their speculations upon the following basic assumptions: there is no God; therefore, man himself is god; and therefore -given the correct education and the proper form of government - man can perfect himself and the society. (Those are still the defining prerequisite-assumptions of secular humanism.)
Christianity, on the other hand, holds that man is a deeply-flawed social being. The Bible traces the same formidable assortment of weaknesses in human nature back through the millennia; it counsels us always to remain aware of those weaknesses and to take full account of them in our plans; and to trust in God. With His help, we may acquire the moral strength to hold the worst of our shortcomings at bay, and thus deal fairly with our fellow humans. But humans are incapable of making themselves perfect either as individuals or as a society.
At the very heart of secular humanism lies the belief that in nature all men are born free, and of equal ability,
Vol. 7 • No. 2
and with basically-good (or neutral) dispositions which will later be shaped for good or ill by their environment. Therefore - preached the philosophes, only a society in which all men perform equally and receive equal rewards can be a moral society. (We received the bowdlerized version of this belief in the Declaration of Independence.)
However, it was as obvious in the 18th century as today that in fact people have wildly-varying physical and mental abilities - and thus cannot perform equally. And some people simply turn out to be evil - no matter their upbringing. But Jean Jacques Rousseau and the other Enlightenment philosophes arbitrarily attributed all of those differences to the corruptions of civilization: some children are raised in the wrong environments, and are educated improperly. Scrap the existing educational-techniques; invent the proper methods of education; and teach every child uniformly to adopt the proper attitude and learn the necessary skills. Then everyone in the society will be equally motivated and equal in ability; thus they will perform equally at work, and will receive equal income. This perfect equality within the society will eliminate poverty and envy and crime; and when it is accepted in every society, it will eliminate wars.
Rousseau thought he knew just how to develop this perfect education system which would end all of mankind’s problems Education must be tailored to meet the precise desires of each child, and it must always be fun. Therefore, many of the teaching methods which had worked brilliantly for centuries must be discarded, because they are not fun for the children. And children must not be disciplined in the traditional ways. (Rousseau himself was not at all fond of discipline; he had been apprenticed to a printer at age 13, but he ran away when he was 16, to be kept thereafter by a wealthy older woman.)
Until secular humanism’s education program has been universally applied-thereby eliminating crime, the society must stop punishing the remaining criminals] and instead put them through the perfect education-program. The criminals are simply the victims of a society which failed to educate them properly; and they will cease being criminals if they are reeducated correctly.
But the existing society had a fatal flaw which would have to be overcome before Utopia could be established here on earth. Rousseau concluded that no child would be able to absorb the wonderful new system of education to be provided by the state unless the child’s mind were protected from exposure to all competing doctrines. But
within any free society, the doctrines imparted by the child’s family, his religion, and his community would always fill the child’s mind and enslave him to tradition. Under those circumstances, the state’s education program could not solve man’s social problems
Rousseau had the solution. It would be necessary for the state to destroy systematically the institutions of family, Christianity, and community. When that had been accomplished, the child would then be left with an open (blank) mind and could absorb fully the state’s education program; and that child could then be perfected as a person. Of course, changing the society so radically would require the harshest concerted efforts of an all-powerful totalitarian government. However, the true believers - the liberal intellectuals - have always considered this calculated destruction of all that is best in civilized society a small price to pay for the perfection of mankind.
Although the US largely adopted Rousseau’s beliefs, values, and goals in the latter half of the 20th century, until now they have not been enforced here by a totalitarian socialist government (as has been the case in some other countries). Instead, the ideological liberals in America employed a coalition to achieve the same results. This coalition consists of: academia; far-left lawyers and judges; leftist theologians; a counter-culture youth movement; virtually the entire news-and-entertainment media; and some elements of government.
To destroy the existing society (per Rousseau’s doctrines), this coalition successfully promoted the sexual
revolution, the social acceptance of childbirth out of wedlock, instant divorce, and increasing prohibitions against the disciplining of children - all of which are aimed at destroying the institution of the family. In addition, that coalition also promoted the exorcism of any Christian morality from the nation’s laws, leaving the society amoral and crime-ridden; and the hollowing out from within of the mainstream Christian denominations by the adoption of secular humanism’s Social Gospel - both of which are aimed at destroying Christianity in America. The liberal coalition also promoted the acceptance of large-scale illegal immigration, the acceptance of the balkanization of the society by means of preferential treatment for all the ‘victim’ groups, the acceptance of the drug culture, and the acceptance of the counterculture movement and its aftermath-which are aimed at destroying the institution of community in America.
It would be necessary for the state to destroy systematically the institutions of family, Christianity, and community. . . . liberal intellectuals have always considered this calculated destruction of all that is best in civilized society a small price to pay for the perfection of mankind.
20 Southern Events
Vol. 7 • AJo. 2
In such manner, the liberal coalition has largely destroNed America's social structure (per Rousseau's doctrines) so as to increase the effectiveness of the utopian education system which - as of the year 2000 -the liberals have not yet invented, or even hinted at convincingly.
Rousseau also reasoned that man must not be left free to think for himself under all circumstances, for then he might arrive at false conclusions regarding secular humanism's doctrines. Therefore, the nation must have a government agency so powerful, pervasive, and invasive as to be able to regulate closely the thoughts, speech, and acts of the public regarding the doctrines of Enlightenment liberalism.
In the US, the almost-universally-liberal news-and-entertainment media have done much of that work voluntarily - by substituting for a totalitarian government - in the late 20th century. The media have used the weapon of political correctness to enforce their doctrines.
In addition, Rousseau believed, there would have to be another enormously-powerful government agency to provide the required ‘social justice.' This agency would ensure that each citizen was treated like every other citizen, and that no person or class in the nation could attain more wealth or status than any other - disparities which would lead to envy, crime, wars, etc.
In the US, the liberal coalition has made great strides in enforcing egalitarianism under the concepts of multicultural ism and diversity. Beginning with the blacks, the coalition has designated an ever-growing number of ‘victim' groups which must be given preferential treatment under the law, in order to provide them with a ‘level playing-field.' And in total, the taxes paid by the middle class to fund an intrusive government are now approaching the confiscatory level.
In Rousseau's utopia, one government agency or another would be directing virtually every moment of every citizen's life - dictating how he must think and act in each circumstance; and this all-powerful totalitarian socialist government would be oppressive in the extreme; but Rousseau carefully avoided mentioning any of these negative aspects of his dream. Instead he sold his dream as the means whereby man could perfect mankind, and eliminate poverty, crime, and war. He called his brave new world the ‘social-contract state.' However, he did mention one minor difficulty attached to it: when the citizenry agreed to adopt his social contract state, their decision would have to be unanimous. Any citizens who refused to accept it would have to be executed or exiled.
So it was Jean Jacques Rousseau in the I8,h century who first popularized the concept of the totalitarian state.
which would destroy the institutions of family, Christianity, and community so completely that they could no longer influence the children: only then could the state educate all of the children properly, such that they would remain free, of good disposition, and equal in ability and performance. Rousseau also justified the totalitarian state on the basis that it would be needed to regulate closely the society’s response to secular humanism. Thus he provided the moral justification for the later adoption of Marx and Engels’ communism by a number of countries, including Russia and China; of fascism by Italy; of national socialism by Germany; and to an ever-increasing extent, of socialism by the United States.
But Rousseau was not content with laying out his social-contract state specifically as the blueprint for converting one nation (in this case, France) into a totalitarian socialist state in which the ruling liberal intellectuals would dictate how each citizen must lead his life. Instead, Rousseau believed that he and his fellows should rule the world. Accordingly, he theorized that when one nation had become a social-contract state, its neighbors would soon have no choice but to do the same. As the people in the surrounding nations observed the bliss in which the citizens of France would be living as the result of government-enforced equality, those others would stage revolutions and overthrow their governments, and convert their countries into social-contract states too.
The intellectuals in each of the other nations would then recognize that Rousseau’s plans for the social-contract state were perfect; therefore, the governments of those nations would become exact replicas of his.
Because the intellectuals who were running all of those other social-contract-state governments would be all-wise altruists too, the nations of the earth would soon become indistinguishable from one another. Then all of the nations would discard their own governments and their own borders, and become one global nation with one government; and the result would be WORLD PEACE! Of all Rousseau’s dreams which the intellectuals hold dear, they revere that one the most.
That is ideological liberalism. Its doctrines had been dreamed up out of thin air (or refined from other people’s dreams) in the 18th century largely by a man who was certifiably insane. They run counter to all of man’s empirical observations over the centuries about the functioning of human nature. They have never been susceptible to confirmation via scientific experiment -although many of the social sciences were invented specifically for that purpose and have labored mightily toward that end. And yet, Rousseau’s doctrines held (and
still hold) an overpowering fascination for vast numbers of people (including many of the best and the brightest), because they promise that which the Bible cannot: the future perfection of mankind - Utopia I if the nation will only adopt secular humanism's doctrines verbatim. Thus, ideological liberalism often inspires the lifelong fanatical devotion of its followers I a degree of faith which constitutes religion.
Secular humanism - ideological liberalism I is a religion, as defined by Webster's New' Collegiate Dictionary: ‘4: a cause, principle, or system of beliefs held to with ardor and faith.’ Thus liberalism, which is supposedly based upon reason, must in fact rely purely upon the unquestioning faith of its practitioners for its continuance. Its legions of followers have simply replaced God with Rousseau as their divinity. We can see that the concepts which drive ideological liberalism are about as radical and arbitrary and contrary to the workings of human nature as it is possible to conceive. And that is why the liberals have never been eager to trot out their basic concepts for the public’s close examination.
Mr Frank Conner is a retired writer and editor, and an Unreconstructed resident of Newnan, Georgia. His 752 page hardbound book is a bargain at $34.95 from Collards Publishing, P. O. Box 71996, Newnan, GA 30271
More Left-Out Facts We Need
by Nat Rudulph
Defending Our Honor by David Allen. Alabama Division SCV Commander. $6.00
P. O. Box 1105, Tuscaloosa, AL 35403
o
ne of the best

little source books on the South, the War, its aftermath, and our Heritage.
Chock full of information, it is a short and inexpensive compliment to John Tilly's classic Facts the Historians Leave Out. This 72 page paperback has 32 pages of facts on the Articles of Confederation, Confederate and US Constitutions, the Bill of Rights, the meaning of the Republic, Lincoln's duplicity. Slavery, and other topics. Part two is 33 pages of quotes including everyone from the Founding Fathers to current writers, both friends and enemies of the South, in a compact reference form.
KENNEDY TWINS
Southern authors advocating traditional Southern values
of
States Rights, Limited Federalism, & Indi\ idual Responsibilities

THE
SOUTH
RIGHT!
lames Ronald Kennedy Walter nonaid Kennedy

America's Revolt Agafcurt Big Government
w * * par lames Roaald Kennedy
Waller Donald Kennedy

*
Jaw« RocuM fcrtmrfv
Visit us at www.KennedyTwins.com
22 Southern Events
Vol. 7 • ATo. 2
Koos De La Rey;
A Boer General as Fierce as Forrest, as Noble as Lee
Besides some remarkable similarities of Koos de La Rey to Forrest, Lee, and perhaps Jackson, there is an uncanny parallel in issues, causes and conduct of the Boer War to the WBTS. A knowledge of this history, along with countless others in the annals of human conflict, should serve warning that open door immigration policies are frequently if not almost inevitably attended by social and political upheaval and war
by Leonard M. Scruggs
In 1652 the Dutch East India Company began settlement of an area near the Southern tip of Africa, the present site of Cape Town. In 1679 the Dutch began to offer free passage and incentives to attract more settlers. In this new wave of immigration the Dutch were joined by French Huguenots and some Germans. These Boers (Boer is the Dutch word for farmer), especially after the British takeover of the Cape during the Napoleonic Wars, began migrating into the interior frontier. After 1836 this mass-migration to the frontier and away from British rule became known as the ‘Great Trek.’ These Boers developed into a distinct nation and spoke a highly differentiated dialect of Dutch, which they called Afrikaans. Their strong Calvinist faith and frontier experience developed in the Boers an independent and nationalist spirit highly skeptical of centralized, bureaucratic government, whether Dutch or British. Two Afrikaner Republics developed from these frontier people, the Transvaal and the Orange Free State. The Afrikaners considered themselves a distinct people and were ready to defend their republics against any threat, whether from the Bantu, who had been migrating into the republics from the North, or from the British.
The Boer Republics, however, were a threat to British ambitions and dominance in South Africa. In 1877 the British were able to annex the two nearly bankrupt republics, which were at least temporarily helpless to resist. In 1880, however, the Boers rose in rebellion and achieved a remarkable military victory over the British at Majuba Hill. A newly elected. Liberal government in Britain granted the two Afrikaner Republics a limited.
but acceptable independence. The British tolerance of two Afrikaner Republics was not to last long, however. In 1887 gold was discovered on the Witwatersrand. Thousands of foreigners, mostly English, immigrated into the Transvaal. This was allowed by the Transvaal due to lack of its own resources to develop the gold mining industry. Within a few years of this new shock of immigration the European population of the Transvaal was roughly 50% British. Not willing for their hard-won independence to be undermined and the Transvaal Republic to revert to British control because of this mighty wave of English immigrants, the Boers denied political franchise to these newcomers. The Orange Free State recognising that
o	o	o
their existence was also threatened allied themselves with their sister republic. The immigrant (‘uitlander’ in Afrikaans) franchise issue provided the British with a ‘righteous’ excuse to undermine the two Afrikaner Republics. When Cecil Rhodes became the Governor of the Cape Colony in 1890, the British began to agitate on the franchise issue in the Boer Republics and to undermine them at every opportunity. This culminated in a conspiracy in 1896 by Rhodes and Dr. Leander Starr Jameson for a Rhodes financed cavalry force to ride into the Transvaal with 500 men and stir an ‘uitlander’ revolt against the Boer government in the Transvaal. The conspiracy was, however, not tightly held, and the invading force, which was composed predominantly of Rhodesian policemen, was met by the Boers and quickly defeated and captured. This was a considerable embarrassment for the Empire. Relations were thereafter very tense. In 1899 the British issued an ultimatum demanding the Transvaal repeal all legislation restricting the rights of foreigners and that they cease importing weapons from Germany. The Boers demanded that the British remove the high concentration of troops on their borders. The Boers, realizing a British invasion was immanent, preempted the initiative. As the Boers were advancing to their preemptive attack on the British at Mafeking, a cavalry detachment led by Koos de la Rey intercepted a British armored train headed to that city. De la Rey’s cavalry captured its cargo of guns, munitions, and supplies, and tore up the tracks in its front. Neither de la Rey nor most of the Boers wanted war, but war it would be from 1899 to 1902.
Besides the demand for English political franchise in the Transvaal Republic, the British fought for mine owners and mining interests, tax revenues, and avenging the humiliation of Majuba, but ultimately and most importantly their motive was the growth, dominance, and stability of the British Empire. The Afrikaners simply fought for independence, the right of self-determination. The
23 Southern Events
British military strategy was to overwhelm the Afrikaners with vast numbers of well equipped and well supplied troops and to devastate the Afrikaner economy with a scorched earth policy designed to undermine civilian as well as military support for the war. The British employed not only a vast number of troops (448,000 by 1902), but some of their best trained and most highly esteemed and decorated regiments, such as the Gordon Highlanders. Churchill, who was a news correspondent in South Africa during the war, called the Gordons ‘the best regiment in the British Army, probably the best regiment that ever was.’ Also involved were an impressive array of other elite Scottish regiments: The Black Watch, the Royal Scots (senior regiment of the British Army), the Argylls, the Greys (elite cavalry distinguished at Waterloo), the Seaforths, etc. The British also made considerable use of Irish, Australian, and Canadian regiments. The number of British troops involved was almost equal to the total Boer population of the two republics. Against some of the most elite troops of the British Empire and outnumbered more than five to one, rode almost every Boer man from 16 to 60 and over that could mount a horse and fire a weapon. Despite their overwhelming advantage in numbers and equipment, the British also followed a deliberate policy of economic warfare against the civilian population, killing livestock, burning crops, bams, etc. and interned many civilians as well as POW’s in concentration camps. The Boer strategy was to make things so painful and frustrating to the British that they would quit the field. In this hope they had the encouragement that not all in Britain and the British Parliament supported the war.
Although the British were ultimately victorious with many of their regiments distinguishing themselves for valour, they paid an appalling price, more than 21,000 dead from all causes. The Boers, outnumbered better than five to one, gave such an astonishing and formidable account of themselves in tactics, dogged determination, ingenuity, loyalty, endurance, courage, leadership, and Christian nobility that they should rank among history’s most admired, even if defeated, defenders of liberty. The Boers lost about 4000 men in combat, but the total number of deaths has never been accurately determined. Very probably the Boers inflicted military casualties against the British in a ratio of about two to one despite being considerably outnumbered and less well supplied. The Boers, however, suffered indirectly a great many civilian casualties during the war due to the British scorched earth policy and the British use of concentration camps. The British had no motive but confinement for these camps and no intent to inflict casualties, but neverthe-
Vol. 7•No. 2
less, according to Afrikaner sources, approximately 20-25,000 people including about 3000 blacks perished in the camps due to unsanitary conditions, sickness, inadequate diet, exposure, and limited medical care. More than 80% of the total were children. The death rate in the camps was greatly reduced toward the end of the war because of public protest in Britain and influential members of the Liberal Party. In general the Liberal MP’s in the British parliament were opposed to the war, while most of the so-called conservative Tories were persuaded to support it for Empire, gold, or the rationalized franchise issue.
Two of the Boer generals, Louis Botha and Jan Smuts (a favorite military personality of Churchill) would later serve with the British against the Germans in World War I and later become Prime Ministers of the Union of South Africa. But one of the greatest of the Boer generals, Koos de la Rey deserves especially to be remembered for both his remarkable skill and leadership as a cavalry commander and the sterling nobility of his character. He was Jacobus Herculaas (‘Koos’) de la Rey. He had no formal military training. He was a farmer and member of the Boer Parliamnent (Volksraad). He possessed a remarkable combination of military and leadership talents and character that bring two of the most revered military figures in American history to mind: Nathan Bedford Forrest and Robert E. Lee. He was remarkably reminiscent of Forrest in the fierce determination, startling success and brilliant tactics of his cavalry raids. Like Lee, he demonstrated also to a remarkable degree the ability to command incredible and unwavering loyalty of the Boers by sheer nobility of character. Also like Lee, he projected a soft-spoken air of fatherly authority and wisdom. His Boer troops received neither pay nor regular supplies, but they were dedicated to their cause and confident of their leader. De la Rey was a reluctant warrior. He opposed war with the British until it was seen as inevitable and necessary to protect his country. In combat he was also reminiscent of the intensely religious Stonewall Jack-son. He was frequently heard encouraging his troops with T fear God and nothing else’ and ‘God is on our side.’ Despite the British war on the Boer civilians, their concentration camps, and the death of a beloved son in combat, de la Rey insisted on treating captured British soldiers with a near sacrificial degree of civility. The Boers did not have the material and additional food supplies to sustain prisoners, so after stripping them of weapons, ammunition, and valuable equipment, they simply released them following any medical treatment required. Though fierce in combat, Koos was not a man of vengeance and would not allow a spirit of vengeance to pre-
Vol. 7•No. 2
vail among his troops. The Boers themselves knew that if they were captured, they would likely be sent to St. Helena or worse. The chivalrous Koos de la Rey severely punished any mistreatment of British prisoners.
In March of 1902 de la Rey in a surprise cavalry attack on a British column killed or wounded 189 British soldiers and captured another 600. Among the wounded prisoners was his arch foe and nemesis, Lt. General, Lord Methuen. Methuen had burned de la Ray’s own farm, and his son, Adaan, had been mortally wounded by Methuen’s troops. The British had shot some Boer officers in the past. Many of de la Rey’s men called for Methuen to be shot. But the deeply religious de la Rey treated his enemy with the respect he believed all Christian men deserved.. Methuen was sent under a flag of truce, accompanied by a doctor, to the nearest British medical station. De la Rey even sent Methuen’s wife a message of sympathy, expressing concern for the seriousness of his wounds.
Despite their noble valour the Boers were eventually forced to surrender. The British were able to inflict a significant military defeat on the Boers in the last month of the war, but the primary reason for surrender was to bring an end to civilian suffering. Lack of supplies and food had also brought the Boer commando forces near the limit of physical endurance. The British surrender terms offered to release all prisoners and grant amnesty to all belligerents. The Boers agreed to and signed these terms in Pretoria on May 31, 1902. While many in Britain cheered, many in the Transvaal and Orange Free State wept, including de la Rey, his wife, Nonnie, and their six surviving children. Nonnie de la Rey asked in tears,4 Why was all this bloodshed and suffering? What was the purpose of it all?’
Although the British won the war they suffered greatly in world public opinion and in their own soul searching. The Boers lost their independence only temporarily. In 1906 aid 1907 the Transvaal and the Orange Free State were again granted a limited independence. A few years thereafter they became political divisions of the Union of South Africa. As previously noted, Boer Generals Botha and Smuts both later became Prime Ministers of the new Union of South Africa. In 1914 Koos de la Rey was mistakenly shot and killed by police chasing a band of criminals. Ironically, on his death the British honoured him more than his Boer countrymen. The British built a statue of him at the British cemetery on his farm and a hospital was built in his name. Lt. General, Lord Methuen and his famous commander. General, Lord Kitchener were the first to send donations. The British also honour him by calling some of their elite troops, ‘commando,’
the Afiikaans term for the grass roots militia organisation of the valiant Boers. We should not forget the valiant struggle and determination of the Boers, nor Koos de la Rey, a man whose Christian character and convictions should be remembered and honoured everywhere.
Mr Leonard M. Scruggs is a League of the South member from Birmingham, Alabama.
CHRISTMAS IS COMING! GIVE A LITTLE BIT OF HISTORY TO THAT SPECIAL CONFEDERATE ON YOUR CHRISTMAS LIST!! THE FRIENDS OF FORREST] INC. ANNOUNCE THE AVAILABILITY OF AN EXACT REPLICA OF THE LT. GEN. NATHAN BEDFORD FORREST BUST ON THE NBF MONUMENT IN SELMA, ALABAMA! CREATED BY PAUL D. SPAULDING, SAME SCULPTOR WHO CREATED THE LIFE-SIZE BUST FOR THE MONUMENT ITSELF.
The bust is 11 3/4”tall & weighs approximately 20 lbs. It measures 10” across the chest from shoulder point to shoulder
point. It is constructed of Bond-o-bronze & dipped in real bronze coating. It is poured by Landmark Miniatures
in Dover, PA. The bust is signed by the sculptor, Paul D.
Spaulding of Hampden, Maine. This is an exquisite work of art and will be a beautiful asset to display in the home
of those who especially hold General Nathan B. Forrest
in high esteem for his military genius and devotion to Southern Independence. The perfect gift! From the first pouring, we have 25 ordered. The first ten are already
sold.
The bust is $350 plus $6 shipping & handling. Place your PRE-PA ID order NOW! Landmark Miniatures will drop ship direct to you! Just in time for Christmas! Please send your order with check made payable to Nathan Bedford Forrest Monument Fund, c/o Patricia S. Godwin, 10800 Dallas County Road 30, Selma, Alabama 36701. All proceeds from the sales of this bust go toward the Nathan Bedford Forrest Monument Defense Fund.
The Friends of Forrest, Inc., Selma, Alabama filed a civil rights lawsuit in federal court in Mobile, Alabama on 17 May 2001 against Mayor James Perkins, Jr. and the City of Selma for the discriminatory acts committed against our Southern History, Heritage & Culture. The trial is slated to begin on 7 July 2003. Your support of this heritage defense is greatly appreciated. (See story on page 3).
‘Centre for Southern Studies’ Launched
Fighting the Education War
by Douglas Hutcheson Press Director, CSS
T'he greatest victory Lincoln’s forces achieved at the d of the War of Northern Aggression was their ability to write the textbooks. The Yankee oppressors have not taken this victory lightly either. Over the years, they have used it to brainwash the children of the South, from the earliest grade school students to the latest graduate school students; they have perverted our rich culture, our patriotic principles and our devout faith, presenting these treasures as savagery, treason and even outright evil. In just a few generations, our oppressors have made it so that a student graduating from a government high school or university—or even most private ones—is almost guaranteed to have negative feelings of hatred and self-loathing in regard to his very homeland, his ancestors and his spiritual community. The few new scholars who do escape these indoctrination centres still loving their Southern treasures dare not speak their beliefs for fear of losing their standing in mainstream academia. Truly our people have been ‘set on the stools of everlasting repentance.’
Dismal as this situation seems, there is, of course, hope. Many parents are choosing to home school their children with success, proving that in most cases education in the home education is not only competitive with government institutional education but is often far more successful when students go head-to-head on government exams Beyond that, the immeasurable value of home schooling is the parents’ ability to monitor their children’s studies, making sure that a respect for ‘home’ is not forsaken.
What can be done, though, to aid Southern patriots seeking higher education? It would seem that if in universities there can be ‘African-American’ studies, ‘women’s’ studies, ‘liberal’ studies and even ‘whiteness’ studies (through which the student learns that the white race is the cause of all of the evil in the world), a Southern studies program would only be fair. Rare indeed, though, is the school that attempts to present a balanced view of the South, and nowhere does there exist an exclusively pro-Southern university for
Vol. 7•No. 2
Southerners and other interested persons to engage in a degree-track program of study about the South. Those who have spoken up in the past for a truly Southern-run Southern studies program at institutions of higher learning have often found themselves at the end of various discriminatory actions, including the loss of jobs.
With this in mind, Nicholas Mrvos and I decided last year to found the Centre for Southern Studies (CSS), an Internet-based, educational organisation. Mr Mrvos and I, along with the faculty, staff and advisors that God has already blessed us with, believe that we have the beginnings of a solution to the aforementioned problems in the form of our institute. Drawing on a support base of proven Southern scholars and invoking the providence of the Almighty, the CSS is devoted to promoting the South: our love of its honourable heritage, our faith in its Christian beliefs, and our hope for the resurrection of its people and its sovereignty.
The CSS plans to offer courses—with a Southern perspective—on subjects including history, religion, literature, political science, sociology, art, music and much more. In its first year of instruction, the CSS hopes to offer students the option of earning a BA in Southern Studies, followed by the future development of a Masters of Arts program. Courses will be worth five hours each.
A student need not be involved in a degree-track program, however, to take advantage of any of our courses. Anyone who holds a sincere interest in the South—its history, its future, its faith—is encouraged to explore the wealth of wisdom and guidance our dedicated professors have to offer.
The CSS is also hoping to become a valuable resource for home schooled students and other students of at least high school age who are seeking an accurate portrayal of Southern culture. As a part of this outreach program, the CSS is also working to develop an on-line library of materials including many out-of-print Southern treasures.
The further future of the CSS looks even brighter. With sufficient student interest, the continued involvement of our outstanding faculty and advisory committee, and the providence of God, the CSS hopes to one day—perhaps as soon as our first year—begin purchasing property. This property would initially serve not only as an office space but also as a place to host visiting classes, retreats, pro-Southern meetings and more. As growth continues, the CSS hopes to purchase the equipment necessary to run our own press. We look forward to offering pro-Southern booklets and books as well as one day establishing a regular newspaper and/or journal.
All of this sounds fantastic, both in the sense of being a great and worthwhile endeavour and in the sense of

2^ Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 2
being a difficult and trying endeavour. Both aspects are true. When Mr Mrvos and I first conceived of this institute, we wondered how we could ever get from a dream to a reality, but we have seen similar dreams made real before. We have studied other Internet-based schools and found that they are doing very well and have followed similar timelines as the one that the CSS is currently structuring. American Military University (AMU), accredited by the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC), started as a solely Internet-based school offering courses on the ‘Civil War.’ AMU began classes in 1993 and by 1995 was able to graduate its first MA class. By as early as 1998, AMU had 1,500 students enrolled. It has since become quite a force to be reckoned with, with thousands of students each paying more than $700 per class. With such revenue, AMU has been able to purchase property and expand its faculty and its course and degree offerings. If the CSS receives even modest support and can earn even a tenth of AMU’s profits, we will be able to realize our dream of providing pro-Southern quality education, a Christian training centre, and a wide range of printed materials to aid in the resurgence of our beloved South.
Despite the mountains of bureaucracy and unbelievable prejudice we have already encountered, the dream is becoming reality. Our preliminary web page-www.pointsouth.com/southemstudies- is up and available for viewing. We have numerous Southern scholars ready to teach courses, including Dr David Aiken, who took over the presidency of CSS in November 2001. And, as of October 2001, the CSS incorporated as an S-corporation, with shares available to those wishing to support this new and needed endeavour.
The CSS is an especially strong opportunity to Southern investors. Being an Internet-based school, the CSS will have a low start-up cost and low maintenance fees. With most correspondence, lectures and other business handled on-line, postage, paper and other expenses will be minimal. The CSS also looks forward to providing space for pro-Southern advertisements. Exchanging advertisements and links will be a good initial way for the CSS to gain exposure. Other advertisements and links will generate additional revenue. We plan to sell pro-Southern pamphlets, books, and audio and video recordings for our students’ use as well.
The CSS also still has openings for professors with masters’ and doctorate degrees available. We are offering Southern scholars a chance to finally teach about their beloved Southland without fear of persecution, and with the knowledge that they are forwarding an honourable cause and a righteous faith that is in danger of extinction.
The knowledge of who we have been as Southerners is what makes us who we are and what has sustained us against invasion, war, occupation, reconstruction and continued cultural cleansing. Without this knowledge surviving, we cannot hope to steer a course for the freedom for our people. Without this knowledge surviving, we will no longer even be a people.
We ask that each of you take this opportunity to decide now how you can help. Are you blessed to be an expert in some field of Southern studies? Then we welcome you to offer advice or to teach. Are you blessed with a mind eager to learn more? Then register for courses. Are you blessed with extra cash? Then please invest or donate. Are you blessed to have time to spare? Then please help us spread the word. And, as always, pray for The Cause.
All is not lost, even if Lincoln’s demons did take that great victory so long ago and even if they do wield it so fiercely today. We can take the victory back. We can educate our children. We can give them truth and let it work through them, ensuring that our people have a sense of self, a sense of place and, most of all, a sense of duty to God. We can do these things for them, but only once we have done these things for ourselves.
Mr Douglas Hutcheson is president of the Athens area chapter of the League of the South. He and Mr Nicholas Mrvos are co-founders of the CSS. See the form below for participation in this patriotic endeavour.
i-----------------------------------------------1
The Centre For Southern Studies
Share Request Form The Centre for Southern Studies has 49,000 shares available to a total of 75 potential investors. Every investor is required to buy a minimum of six initial shares with the option of purchasing more. Shares cost $25 each. For more information on the CSS phone (770) 607-7508. You may also e-mail: CSA_edu@msn.com
Name____________________________________________
Address
I Phone___________________Number	Shares	Requested________I
I Method of Payment(check one) __Personal Check (Make check!
I to: The Center for Southern Studies) _Money Order __Visa I
I__Master Card ___Other:__________________________________|
| Card #:_________________________________________________|
I Expiration:_______________________Mail	form & payment to: I
* The Centre for Southern Studies,
117 Canefield Drive, Cartersville, GA 30120
i_________________________________________________________i
Vol. 7 •	2

Red shirts!! Red shirts!! Red shirts!! Red shirts!!
Pinpoint Oxford Twill Embroidered with your state of choice and League of the South Long Sleeve $38.00, Short Sleeve $35.00 shipping & handling included All shirts come in a wide range of colours
Golf Style shirt Red pique knit Short Sleeves 26.95 + shipping & handling
Children’s Red shirts $10.75 Birth-SX^ embroidered with your choice of CSA flag or state and League of the South $12.75 up to Juniors + shipping & handling
Hats A wide range of colors including Red 12.75 embroidered + shipping & handling
SWEET SOUTHERN BELLES j I	Rt.	1 Box 459	j
Bluefield, VA 24605 276-326-6728	\
Make checks payable to Bonnie Jamison
Electronic Service ■ Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components |	Computers
Camcorders - VCRs - TVs
1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534
Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
ROBERT WHITAKER’S CORNER(Cont. from page 9) And Craig Roberts says so: ‘College students will tell you that a university education today is a guilt trip for whites.’ And Roberts reaches a conclusion that will not surprise readers of this column:
‘Ignatiev has an idea like Hitler. A race is guilty and must go. The communists said it was a guilty class that had to go. If you thought genocide was left behind in the 20th century, be apprized that today genocide has a home in the educational system.’
Paul Craig Roberts once wrote a column in which he
pointed out that, if you love diversity, you should end third world immigration, at least to some white countries. A world without whites, he points out, is a world poorer in diversity.
Roberts knows as well as you and I do that liberals and respectable conservatives have no interest at all in diversity. Respectable conservatives like the Wall Street Journal want a wave of cheap labor. Liberals know that that wave of cheap brown labor will vote leftist and make America’s politics the same as that of the countries they came from.
But no one is interested in promoting immigration into Japan for cheap labor in that country where labor is expensive. Liberal and respectable conservatives agree on that. What non-white countries do is their own business, but the most potent argument for open borders in every white majority country is ‘racism’ because no one can say anything that might jeopardize the goal of ending the whiteness of majority white countries.
Mr Robert Whitaker is a regular contributor to SE.