Vol. 8 •	2
Second Issue of 2003
$4.50
ou
ern
Events
All Original Essays
Our Worst Enemy
by Michael Hill
Sometimes a man can be his own worst enemy. In the case of the Southern movement, I believe this also holds true. One of the worst elements of human nature is to blame anyone but ourselves for the bad things that befall us. (Continued on page 7)
Jim Kibler's New Book:
CHILD TO THE WATERS
Review by Nat Rudulph - p. 20
The Equal Gender Military vs. Saddam Hussein and Christians
by John Chodes
In the aftermath of the second war against Saddam Hussein, it has gradually become evident to the American public that women had an equal combat role alongside men in Iraq.
Uncle Sam says this is progress but in fact the equal gender military will destroy our Christian heterosexual culture. (Full essay on page 22)
The South Under Siege
History of the Ideological & Economic Domination of the South
A review by William Cawthon of Frank Conner's, The South Under Siege, 1830 - 2000: A History of the Relations Between the North and the South (Complete review on page 11)
New England: Original Hotbed of Secession
by Tommy W. Rogers
Generated primarily by the fear of power passing to other sections, threats of secession were voiced with such repetitive consistency during the nation’s infancy that historians Klos and Jones use the summary caption ‘the federal secessionist plot’ to described the various secessionist undertows emanating from New England. (Complete essay on page 15)
WRONG FOREVER ON THE THRONE
by Joe Scotchie - p. 6
Will Multiculturalism Lead to Race Wars? by Jeff Adams, page 5
Southern Events
( 2003 All rights reserved. Southern Events is published quarterly. Articles may be reproduced IN ENTIRETY ONLY and credit must be given to the author AND Southern Events, stating: ‘Subscriptions S16 yea rly, P O Box 2517, Selma, A L 36702.’ Opin ions herein are those of the author, and publication does not equal endorsement. If you submit an essay for publication, first serial rights must be given to Southern Events (if it has been published elsewhere, don't bother). It must be on PC format diskette, emailed, or typewritten. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography for cultural distinctiveness.
Editor: Nat G. Rudulph
Email: southernevents(o)postmark.net
A New Look. For this issue we have a new format with a redesigned cover and other changes.
Our goal is to give you the best. To do that we have made a commitment to avoid reprinting articles that have appeared elsewhere, but to mainly use essays where Southern Events has the first serial rights. Our goal is to be a source, not a readers' digest.
We will make an exception to that policy for poetry, editorial cartoons, short pieces, historical reprints, or if a remarkably well written essay comes our way.
We hive discontinued the 'news and commentary' section that usually appears on this page and the next. A number of our readers get this kind of ne\vs from other sources. However, Southern Events may be the only source for some folks, so before we make a final decision we'd like your input. Please take a few minutes, fill out the form below, and mail it in. Thanks for your opinion, I will pay attention. Nat Rudulph, Editor
___Please go back to having the news section that
usually begins each issue, it's important to me.
___I don't think the news section is very
important, I can do without it.
___It doesn't matter either way.
(Attach any additional comments separately.)
Name
Address	4
City	State Zip
clip & mail to Southern Events, PO Box 2517	
	Selma AL 36702-2517
As	we see	it...
Latvia, Samson, and IHennonites
Despite all the efforts by the cultural Marxists to eradicate our culture and symbols, and despite all the efforts of good compatriots to defend and advance the same, the average Southerner is apathetic.
As for the political and community leaders in the South— they are Patty Hearsts. They have taken on the cause of our enemies.
The various peoples of the Soviet Union never forgot who they were, no matter how openly the statist regime repressed them. The people whose ancestral home is in the tiny Baltic country of Latvia are very different from Russians, though a visitor might not immediately be able to tell them apart. They differ by language, religious background, temperament, and many other ways. During the Soviet years, the Russians overwhelmed the population of Latvia. They displaced them through deportation and execution, while wave after wave of Russians flooded in. The native population was reduced to nearly 50%, yet when the Soviet Union collapsed, a full one-quarter of the country’s Latvian population gathered in a massive demonstration in the capital city to show their support for independence.
How many Southerners have forgotten? Can you rally them anywhere to support their culture these days? Not even a quarter of one percent. They won’t even rally in decent numbers to support the Ten Commandments. But now, a football game, that’s another story.
Our people have been blinded, dumbed, and emasculated. They are suffering a subtle genocide, a slow boiling pot. And worse than the Soviet victims, who knew they weren’t free, our people walk around talking about how great it is to be ‘free.’
What does it mean when every vestige of a people's culture and history must be demonized? It means they are already not free, and are being dehumanized. Those who would exterminate a people dehumanize them first.
What does it mean when a society considers art to include a Crucifix in a jar of urine, or junk welded together in a public square instead of in its proper end at the landfill, but considers it blasphemy to publicly state the fact that Martin Luther King was the womanizer that he was, or the plagiarist that he was? It means that those who say they are ‘free’ do not understand that a people cannot be free when lies are the pillars of their society.
The time has already come in Europe and Canada, and is coming soon here, when a person may be put in
5 Sotil/iorn
Voi.. 8 • No. 2
jail for inciting hate crimes just because they quote from a church pulpit what the Bible says about homosexuality. In England a court ruled against a defendant in a hate crime who argued that he was only citing facts. The court ruled that ‘the truth is no defence.’
Southerners have their eyes gouged out like Samson, and are chained to the pillars of the heathen temple, kept around to serve as a scapegoat, a foil, and for occasional amusement. They are also used for their patriotism.
Southerners are extremely patriotic, but that patriotism can only take one direction with a people who perceive themselves as Americans first. Only a tiny fraction of Dixie-landers see themselves as a distinct people. The overwhelming majority are, like the band Alabama, fervently ‘glad to be an American.’
And that is really the issue, how Southerners see themselves. They see themselves as ‘free’ and they see themselves as ‘Americans,’ and only secondarily as Southerners. We cannot afford to ignore their point of view and speak as if they already see things like we do.
This is why recent anti-war opinion pieces and proclamations by some in the Southern movement have garnered nothing but animosity or curious skepticism from Southerners outside our camp, who are otherwise sympathetic to many of our political views.
There has always been a tension in the South between non-interventionism on the one hand, and pro-war fever on the other. It's the old Celtic trait: Live and let live, and stay out of other peoples’ business, but when they feel attacked or threatened, look out!
There is no way to get around the fact that 9/11 made Southerners feel as threatened as everyone else. A natural pro-war instinct has been unleashed and shows no signs of abating. Even Lynyrd Skynrd has a new ‘patriotic American’ song, ‘Red, White, and Blue.’
Southern patriots must reconsider strategy in the light of two things: 1) the profound apathy among the Southern public over loss of our culture, and 2) the‘patriotic American’ fever.
Contemporary Southern Nationalism is in its infancy. We are building for the long term. At this stage in our growth we must have a sole focus: Awaken the Southern people to who they are. Political opinions that do not serve that purpose may be important for other reasons, but we must put first things first. Are we Southern patriots or just paleo-conservatives with opinions?
Getting on the same level with your audience, and speaking to them as if you saw things the way they do is imperative for success if you want to reach people. That doesn’t mean you have to agree with them, just be shrewd with your words and your scarce resources.
Have we forgotten that it was a process that brought us here? As Southern patriots our views are different now on a whole range of issues than they were when we saw ourselves only as regional Americans.
Asking questions that cause the hearer to think and rethink, rather than taking a confrontative position is a much more effective means when emotions are involved.
And the issues we speak on should be opportunistic. Immigration is a perfect issue for us now. Prior to 9/11 it wasn’t, but that event de-marginalised it, and now people are ready to listen. In addition, if something is not done about it, our grandchildren will be a minority in their own land. It is vital for our survival.
Another issue that will resonate with many is the expanding police state and unconstitutional power grab being carried out in the name of‘Homeland Security.’
Most folks are familiar with the Mennonites. They can be immediately identified in supermarkets and various places by their attire. All the women wear head-coverings in public as a symbol of submission, based on their understanding of a part of the Bible. Most people see them as nice folks, but kind of quirky. Some of your relatives and friends might see you that way.
This would never happen, but let us suppose just for the sake of argument that when the American media was attacking the Taliban for their mistreatment of women in Afghanistan, that the Mennonites came out with a press release expressing sympathy with the Taliban position on having women wear coverings on their heads. Even if they believed that, it would be folly to advocate it as a leading point, and expect it to be appreciated in the way they intended, because the culture around them has a view that is too radically different. In the minds of most, they would have been irrevocably discredited.
The way Mennonites win friends and converts is to gradually build trust. The outsider sees the positive side that everyone can relate to. They sell high quality products or services in the community, and have a reputation for honesty. When people visit their community, they see a productive agrarian life, the family closeness and community bond, and then they are ready to be gradually educated into their understanding on the things that would be initially astonishing to the novice. I believe we can learn from the Mennonites.
I am not saying it is necessary to abandon particular political positions. What I am saying is that we must revive the national consciousness of our people, and every political issue must serve and not hinder that end.
Politics is not an end in itself, but a means to enable the Southern people to perpetuate their natural and cultural identity and integrity.
James Butler's Journal
THE DECLARATION
I’m proud to say I was present at the signing of the League of the South Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence in Montgomery in the spring of 2000. It is a truly inspiring document. I read it when I feel discouraged. It strengthens me as to the righteousness of our Cause.
Inspiring, yes, and beautifully written.
(By the way, I don’t know who wrote it, so I’m not trying to pump anybody up). It’s a brilliant summation of the crisis faced by Southerners, whose culture has been targeted for extinction.
It is a devastating indictment of the
‘corrupt and sterile’ American ‘culture’ whose media-
driven plague threatens to consume our own centuries-
old traditions. It’s a declaration of defiance that ought to
make all Southerners (especially League supporters)
proud.
The document is of historical significance. Someday it will be remembered as one of the first ‘official’ pronouncements of the South’s the 21st century struggle against tyranny.
To quote but one fine passage: Our cultural inheritance is not based upon the abstract slogans, armed doctrines, and sanctified greed that characterise the present American regime. Instead, it is based on the permanent things that order and sustain life: faith, family, tradition, community, and private property; loyalty, courage, and honour.
The Declaration presents American mass culture as ‘alien’ to the South. It calls for Southerners to ‘decline to participate’ in the ‘national mailignace.’ Rather, we should cherish our own ways and ‘nourish the goodness close at hand.’
Many Southerners have succumbed to the Invasion of the Body Snatchers type ‘culture’ that turns people into consumer zombies. Most still think the federal government embodies the Constitution. But they still have the ‘Rebel’ instinct, barely beneath the surface. All it takes a scratch to get them thinking. That’s a crucial first step, one the Declaration was designed to promote.
Indeed, an excellent way to break the ice with folks is to let the Declaration do the talking. At 24x18 inches, on ‘parchment’ paper, the Declaration (complete with
signatures) is an impressive-looking document. Have it framed and display it prominently in your home.
You might want to keep an extra copy rolled up and at the ready. Gather your friends around the kitchen table, pull out the print, and unroll it. (There’s something about unfurling a scroll that peaks folks’ interest!) Weigh it down at both ends and invite your guests to have a look.
It will be a profound experience for most of them. Latent Southern instincts will come welling to the surface. They will drink with a thirst they barely knew they had. After partaking of the Declaration’s sustained eloquence your guests will even be receptive to its politically charged climax.
Besides having this handsome and powerful document in your home, you'll have the pleasure of providing the League with a bit of financial support. For $15 the Declaration will arrive at your home in a cardboard tube, ready to grace your Southern hearth. Order from LS, P O Box 760, Killen, AL 35645, and get ready to be inspired and inspire others.
THE MYSTERIOUS EAST
We hear a lot these days about the evils of Western civilisation. Those who malign the West also tend to exalt the supposed virtues of the far East. But in their anti-Western enthusiasm they fail to notice certain unsavoury traits native to Southeast Asia, and which are the result of a fundamental difference between East and West.
In the Christian West we believe in the sanctity of life and the worth of the individual. Each person has a unique and priceless soul that was created by, and is dear to, God. Confucianism, Taoism and Buddhism, however, do not recognize the soul as a distinct, individualised entity. The ‘individual’ is merely part of a great ‘oneness’ or cosmic cycle that places limited value on earthly existence, and on human life.
In trying to fathom the extraordinary brutality of Communism in Asia, the Black Book of Communism notes the ‘indifference to human life’ native to that part of the world. As the Communist plague swept across Asia the idea of ‘indifference’ reached its extreme conclusion: the ‘radical dismissal of the idea that human
life has any value.’
This ancient predisposition has resulted in some peculiar Asian ‘traditions.’ If the West has been forceful, sometimes regretfully so, in building a great civilisation.
? Southern Events
Vol. 8 * No. 2
the Chinese and their neighbours have committed horrors that make the Inquisition look like Amnesty International.
Cannibalism, for example. The BBC notes that a ‘fascination for vengeful cannibalism echoes a very ancient East Asian archetype that appears often at cataclysmic moments of Chinese history....Similar traditions can be found all across Southeast Asia.’ Mao’s Red Guards cut their ‘enemies’ into pieces. These were ‘sometimes cooked and eaten, or force fed to members of the victim’s family....Everyone was invited to the banquet, where the heart and liver of the former land owner were shared out, and to meetings where a speaker would address rows of severed heads freshly skewered on stakes.’
In Europe, famine or siege sometimes drove people to cannibalism, but the incidents were rare and chronicled with particular horror. During China’s Great Famine (brought on by Mao’s policies) peasants participated in ‘banquets at which the families had swapped children in order to eat them.’
This may not have taken place without the urging of Communist cadres. But try to imagine the crudest of Frankish kings in 500 A.D. forcing a village to eat their children. Unthinkable.
Say what you will about the shortcomings of Christendom, vengeful cannibalism isn’t one of them.
Another ‘tradition’ that separates East from West is suicide. The BBC calls suicide a ‘traditional Chinese solution.’ According to the BBC, at least 700,000 city dwellers in China killed themselves to escape the Communists.
The BBC also refers to live burial as a ‘traditional practise.’ In 1949, 1,000 prisoners who mutinied at a Chinese work camp were buried alive. This habit pops up regularly as Communism spreads from China to Korea, Viet Nam, Laos and Cambodia.
Even as the Inquisitor tortured his victim and hauled him to the stake, the primary concern (cruel as it may seem) was the salvation of the man’s soul. Easterners not caring so much for the soul, there is little to prevent such soul destroying acts as cannibalism, suicide or burying alive from becoming ingrained in the culture.
In China, as late as 1966, ‘...thousands of detainees were systematically tortured, and children were killed and even boiled down and used as fertilizer.’
Keep that in mind the next time your local New Age dabbler starts praising the wonders of the mysterious East.
Mr James Butler of Huntsville, Alabama is a writer, musician and regular contributor to Southern Events.
Will Multiculturalism Lead to Race Wars?
by Jeff Adams
I entered the first grade in 1968. At the time, my father was a professor at Stetson University in DeLand, Florida. We rented an old house from the university so my father was close to work. My brothers and I would either walk, or ride our bikes to school. To reach the school, we had to traverse the poor, black neighborhood that lay between our house and the public school. As we lived right on the edge of the black neighborhood, and being so young, we didn’t think much of it at the time. I can remember sometimes walking back home from school with the black kids of that neighborhood, and them peeling off as we passed their homes. All the homes were in really bad shape. I remember once going inside one of the kid’s houses and being able to look outside through the spaces between the horizontal wooden panels that made up the siding on the house. I knew we were better off, even if the house we rented was part of the university’s student housing and they only rented it to my parents because it had been declared unfit for use by students.
It was a different time. The racial turmoil I heard about and saw on TV seemed to be in far away places. As far as I was concerned, it was practically in a different country, and I couldn’t understand what all the rioting was about. After all, where I lived, we all seemed to be getting along just fine. Kids went to their neighborhood schools (busing wasn’t “in” yet), and our school just happened to have kids from both black and white backgrounds.
Looking back. I’m fascinated by the fact that we could go through that all black, economically depressed part of town unscathed. Would it be conceivable today that three little white boys, ages 6, 8 and 9, on bikes or on foot, could cut through such a neighborhood now, day after day, and not at least meet with hard stares from the black residents (if not something worse)? As bad as things might have been financially for those poor black folks, there didn’t seem to be the racial animosity that permeates our society today. Considering the racial hostility I saw grow during the 1970’s, 80’s and 90’s, and what I’ve observed today, I don’t hesitate to say that if I was in the same situation today as back then, I would not allow my children to travel so freely through such a neighbourhood.Frankly, I don’t allow them to travel that freely in any neighborhood considering the way our society as a whole has declined.
(Continued on page 19)
uthern Events
Vol. 8 • ATo. 2
Joe Scotchie
+ + +
Wrong Forever On the Throne
On 20 March 2003, with the world watching, the government of the United States committed a naked act of aggression against the nation of Iraq.
It was an invasion that had virtually no support anywhere in the world outside of America. In nation after nation, public opinion polls showed opposition to the attack in the 80-90 percent range. This was why the US could not use Turkey as a staging ground for a northern invasion of Iraq. Well over 90 percent of the Turkish public opposed such actions, plus the war itself. And so, the Turkish parliament rejected having its country used for an attack on their fellow Arabs.
The US was always capable of defying the world on this war. Iraq is a small, poor nation, with depleted armed forces. In other words, it is exactly the kind of country the US goes to war with. However, there may be no longterm victory for the US and its British flunkies. The US can occupy Iraq for years or more likely, for decades to come. But this war also proved that the US will someday be forced to leave Iraq—and the entire Middle East region as well.
Mercifully enough, the war only lasted a few short weeks. Still, American troops were deceived badly by their leaders. Landing in Iraq, they expected to be greeted with flowers and dancing women. Now, as occupiers, they are still being met with grumblings and gunfire. The rallying cry back home quickly became ‘Support the troops! ’ What cad would be against that? Sure, I, for one, support the troops. That is, I support them being back at home in the US with their family and loved ones, rather than as cannon fodder for imperial adventures. Better yet, I support them on the US-Mexican border, peacefully defending their country against the ongoing Mexican invasion. Support the troops, frankly, obscured the real question: Namely, do you support the president of the United States? Do you support what your government is doing in Iraq? Think of all the people— American, British, or Iraqi—who had human life prior to March 20 and who now have lost it. Think of the
4
American parents who lost their only son wives who have lost husbands, and the Iraqi children weeping in hospitals after learning their parents were dead.
It was hard to get excited over the mighty US military bombing the stuffings out of an impoverished desert people just so the rest of us can pay a few cents less at the gas pump. This war was never a fair fight. The US has a Gross National Product of $5.4 trillion dollars. Iraq, on the other hand, has a GNP the size of the state of West Virginia. The US ^ spends $400 billion per annum on war f preparations. Iraq’s military budget is $1.4 billion. Bush Junior went to war for two reasons. One, he wanted to avenge his father’s defeat at the hands of Saddam Hussein in the first Gulf War. Second, the Bushies wanted to grab Iraq’s plentiful oil fields. Iraq could not be implicated in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Nor has that nation ever been found guilty of any terrorism against the US. Iraq had never invaded the US nor did it ever have any designs upon a country in far-ofTNorth America. Finally, Iraq never had the ‘weapons of mass destruction’ that scared the stuffings out of the American public. Bush Junior got away with his lies and pulled off his war because the media has successfully portrayed Saddam Hussein as an Arab Hitler, or as Bush Senior once claimed, someone ‘worse than Hitler’ no less.
Even here, there ought to be some history. In 1976, the CIA helped to install Saddam and his Baath Party to power, seeing him as an up-and-coming militaiy officer. In 1980, the State Department encouraged Saddam to invade Iran, then ruled by America’s archenemy, the Ayatollah Khomeni. Throughout the 1980s, the Reagan administration provided Saddam with much military hardware to win that war. I distinctly remember a 1986 cover story in a conservative weekly on Saddam, one that showed him in an heroic light, a brave warrior fending off hated Iran. Finally, in 1990, April Glaspie, the US ambassador to Iraq, told Saddam that her government would have ‘no opinion’ if he invaded Kuwait.
Sure, Saddam was a tyrant despised by numerous Iraqis. But those same people don’t want to live under the American boot, either. Those sentiments are being expressed daily right now in Iraq, and they will eventually prevail. In the meantime, the rest of us are
Vol. 8 • AJo. 2
stuck with paying for the destruction of Iraq, its material renovation, and finally, the long, long night of American occupation. The cost may run into the hundreds of billions. All of us, for the rest of our days, will be paying for this war, but even that pales next to the human tragedies now being suffered by untold numbers of people in three different continents.
The war was wrong. It will be wrong 50 years from now. In the year 2100 A.D., when the American empire is no more, the war will still live as a day of infamy. As with other Americans, Southerners supported this war. At the same time, they ought to consider that the world’s peoples now hate Yankee imperialism with the same intensity that their Confederate ancestors once did.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a regular contributor to Southern Events. He is the author of Revolt From the Heartland: the Struggle for an Autehntic Conservatism. & Street Corner Conservative: Pat Buchanan and His Times. and other books.
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Computers
Camcorders - VCRs - TVs 1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
Our Worst Enemy
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE) by Michael Hill
We tend to blame anyone but ourselves for the bad things that befall us. My father once told me that the best way to identify the source of most of my problems was to look in the mirror. I didn’t want to hear this, of course, but I know now that he was right.
This is not to say that the Southern movement does not have real, external enemies who wish to see us fail. However, we often tend to over emphasize the external and ignore the internal threats to our well being. What are these internal problems that sometimes make us our own worst enemy? Three readily come to mind: 1) fear; 2) self interest; and 3) apathy. Let’s take them seriatim.
Fear obviously has always been a prime cause of action or inaction, as the case may be. Looking at fear and the Southern movement, I’m prone to think that fear moves men to either studiously ignore the fact that our cultural inheritance as Southerners is being destroyed right before our eyes or to cheer it on (with varying levels of enthusiasm) in hopes that such behaviour will curry favour with the Establishment (broadly defined) and/or assuage their own personal guilt for being bom a white Christian Southerner. By ignoring our cultural perils, the fearful Southerner will not have to explain to his friends, neighbours, or boss why he otherwise might defend a cause and its symbols that the guardians of cultural conformity have condemned as positively retrograde. Such behaviour is not good for business, for promotions, or for acceptance into the country club. I once encountered a fellow who belonged to a rather well known Southern organization who told me he liked what the League stood for, but that if this were known to the public it would be bad for his business. Best to keep quiet, and a word not spoken against one’s fathers means that in a roundabout, negative sort of way that we’ve upheld the fifth commandment, doesn’t it?
Fear also can motivate Southerners to actively speak out against their cultural inheritance and their, ancestors in hopes that such kowtowing will put them in favour with the 'powers that be.' The self.hating Southerner is indeed a pathetic creature (e.g. - the recently disgraced NY Times editor Howell Raines of Alabama) who will usually suffer the fate of all who destroy their own roots.
Cooperation with the South bashing Establishment has become a main route to respectability and wealth for many Chamber of Commerce type Southrons. I once heard it said that these sorts of folks would sell Grandma
South
10m event*
Vol. 8 • No. 2
for enough Yankee dollars (I believe I ought to credit Charley Reese for this one).
Self interest in some ways is related to the fear factor. It is often the obverse side of the same coin. When fear is overcome, then positive self interest often takes over. Many Southerners learn, directly or indirectly, that being a true Southerner comes with a price tag. While in many cases there may be no overt punishment linked to celebrating one’s Southern heritage, there is surely lost opportunity. For instance. Southern Chambers of Commerce are quick to point out the supposed high cost to business development of publicly displaying the Confederate Battleflag. Though these claims are always highly dubious (e.g. see Mercedes’ attitude about operating in Alabama while the flag still flew above the State capitol), it is often accepted as gospel truth by the media, and as such, is transmitted to the general public, who then acts upon the false information. Therefore, what becomes 'true' for the corporate culture in the South is forced upon individual Southerners who might wish to avail themselves of the financial rewards of being part of that culture. Thus Southerners are forced to pay lip service to a lie (at least those who are aware of the lie) that their own culture is evil and must be eradicated if they and the South itself are to be financially successful. This Siren’s Song of wealth and prosperity is frequently
too strong for our people to resist. Therefore, self interest (or at least a perceived self interest) trumps principle.
But the most widespead problem plaguing the Southern movement is apathy. There are millions of Southerners out there who could care less what happens to their cultural inheritance and liberties. How do we reach these seemingly 'unreachables?' As long as they have their three Bs: beer, bass boats, and ball games, the world is a happy place. Perhaps it will take nothing less than the wolf at the door to get these folks motivated to defend what is important; however, by then it may be too late for meaningful action.
Our task is to convince Southerners to put aside their fear and apathy and redefine their self interests in such a way that the defence of the South and our way of life will be central to every thought and deed. Indeed, this will be a difficult task. But we do not need to convince every Southerner. After all, the Founders managed quite well with the support of about fifteen to twenty percent of their fellow colonists in 1776. A determined and well led minority can accomplish much. Let’s remember how General Forrest won his battles: by 1) preparing meticulously; 2) choosing the time and place to fight; and 3) hit the enemy hard with everything you’ve got.
Dr Michael Hill is the President of the League of the South and a published author.
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
'Truth is error's best antagonist!'
The Myth of American Slavery 288pp by Donnie Kennedy, co-author of The South Was Right	24.95
A Constitutional History of Secession 460 pp by John Remington Graham	24.95
The Jewish Confederates 544 pp by Robert N. Rosen	39.95
The Civil War Flags of North Carolina (pb) 208pp by G. Dedmonte	20.95
Requiem for a Lost City: A Memoir of Atlanta and the Old South 228pp by Sarah C. Clayton	32.95
Kate: The Journal of a Confederate Nurse (pb) One of the best journals of the War! 321 pp by Kate Cummings	17.95
Doctors in Gray: The Confederate Medical service (pb) 339 pp by E. Cunningham	17.95
I Acted From Principle: The Civil War Diary of Dr. William McPheeters
Surgeon, Army of Trans-Mississippi 304 pp Edited by Pitcock & Gurley 34.95 Repairing the March of Mars: Civil War Diaries of John Samuel Apperson, Hospital Steward 654 pp Ed. by Roper 45.00 Union and Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun 656 pp Edited by Lance	25.00
Queen of the Confederacy: The Innocent Deceits of Lucy Holcombe Pickens 288 pp by E. W.	Lewis	24.95
Field Artillery Weapons of the Civil War The authoritative volume on artillery 322 pp Hazlett, Olmstead, and Parks 49.50 Christ in the Camp Account of Spiritual Work in the Confederate armies 624 pp by J. W. Jones	28.00
Defend This Old Town: Williamsburg During the Civil War 440 pp by C. K. Dubbs ____________________________ 49.95
Dr. C. F. Baker
652 Sixteenth Avenue. NVV Birmingham. Alabama 35215
// SJ.50. hirst I'd/tunc. S/.50 thereafter: /yersn/ju/ ( hec/iies \\e/cottic. \<> ( redit ( tiix/s.
(205 >854-2690 (205 )853-0%7
Vol. 8 • AJo. 2
Mike Scruggs Southern
"I’::.
+ + +
Brave Hearts Under Red Skies
Col. Jeff O’Leary’s new book.
Brave Hearts Under Red Skies -Stories of Faith under Fire can be ordered on line from Amazon.com.
As the subtitle suggests,the book is thoroughly Christian, so I do not expect to see it promoted in the major media or publishing channels.
It covers stories of faith in the crucible of war from the French and Indian War of 1755 to 9/11.1 was rather flattered to have my own story, 'On Fire and Bringing It In' about my experience during the Vietnam War, in the same book with stories about Alvin York, George Washington, etc.
The stories are not for the faint of heart. They tell of faith, courage, and God’s remarkable providences and grace, but do not spare the details and horror of infantry and tank warfare.
I found the most touching to be the stories about a young Dutch girl and her family during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II, and of the young girl captured by the Delaware during the French and Indian War circa 1755.
If I can be pardoned for saying so, though I am the author of about 14 of its 250 pages, the book is well worth reading. I hope it honours the author and finisher of our faith, the Lord of Hosts. Soli Deo Gloria.
MEN OF HARLECH
And the Spirit of Southern Resistance to Tyranny.
In 1468, during the thirty-year War of the Roses, Harlech Castle in Northern Wales was held by the Welsh, allies to the English House of Lancaster against the Yorkist Edward IV. Edward sent the Earl of Pembroke with a formidable English army to storm and capture Harlech. The defenders of Harlech met the English with such fierce and enduring resistance that they and their fortress have become storied in poetry, prose, and song. The Welsh battle hymn, Rhyfelgyrch Gxvyr Harlech (Men
of Harlech), which has over the years become a rallying cry for maintaining Welsh identity and culture, commemorates that battle.
You might ask, what does the Welsh defense of a castle in Northern Wales against an English King in the 15th century have to do with the South, the Confederacy, or the spirit of Southern resistance to tyranny?
I rejoin: everything, both in the past and in the present, and in the future as well. The parallels are very strong to 1861 and to 2003. In 1861 the South fought for its independence, the right of its people to determine for themselves their political destiny, economy, and culture. They fought to defend their right to a government of Constitutional Law won by the courage and sacrifice of their forefathers. They fought for their liberties, their honor, their blood-sacred land, their homes, the faith of their fathers, and their families. We are still fighting though by words. We are still fighting for our identity, our symbols, and our liberties. The Welsh are still fighting to maintain their identity, culture, and liberty within the United Kingdom. We both look back to heroic examples of resistance to tyranny. We are kindred people in culture and outlook. We are also kindred in blood. Much Welsh blood runs in Southern veins, still more of kindred Scots and Irish.
The politically correct forces now arrayed against the South, its heritage, its symbols, its dominant Christian orthodoxy, and its philosophies of limited, constitutional government, and federalism are even more formidable than in the past. Our detractors and their allies control most of our media, educational institutions, and the large corporations that influence our economy. More than ever we need to regain the spirit of Jackson and his Stonewall Brigade, standing like a stone wall against the invader. More than ever we need to recapture the spirit of Southern courage and resistance to tyranny. More than ever we need to stand like the Men of Harlech.
The Welsh have a gift for words and a gift for music. They are also renowned for their steadfast religious faith and steadfast courage in battle. This and deep cultural and ancestral connections make the words of Men of Harlech particularly meaningful and inspirational to the Southern patriot.
It is easy to find on the Internet at least eight different versions of Men of Harlech owing to many verses being added over the years, differences in translation from the
10 Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 2
Thou who noble Cambria wrongest Know that freedom’s cause is strongest Freedom’s courage lasts the longest Ending but with death!
Welsh, and many arrangements and combinations accorded by centuries of rendition. There are some verses that probably hearken back further in history than the 1468 battle. Some verses seem to hearken back to Celtic Kings defending the West of Britain against invading Saxons. The tune and one version of Men of Harlech are familiar to Americans from the movie, Zulu. The movie depicts the courageous and successful stand of a small detachment of 139 British soldiers against thousands of Zulu warriors at Rorke’s Drift in South Africa in 1879. Most of these soldiers were from the 24th Foot, a regiment of the Welsh Borderers. Eleven Victoria crosses, more than for any other battle in British history, attested to the valour of these men. Seven of the VC’s were awarded to men in the Welsh 24th Foot. Others may be familiar with the tune and a slightly different version from the 1999 album by the young Welsh soprano and international vocalist sensation, Charlotte Church.
With this all this in mind it would be well to see how some of the verses of this great Welsh battle hymn apply to the South, its history, and its symbols. Men of Harlech is sung with the strong voice arid spirit for which the Welsh are so famous. My eclectic example is composed of verses from several versions. I have chosen to use ‘Cambria’ in these verses which is a somewhat Anglicized version of the Welsh ‘Cymru,’ meaning Wales or in some verses translated as Welshmen or even Britain in the earliest sense of that word. Those who might want to get the full flavor of this battle hymn would do well to purchase Charlotte Church’s version which summons us to Cambria’s call first in Welsh and then in English. See for yourself if these verses do not speak to those who would defend liberty and dethrone tyranny everywhere. ‘Cymru fo am byth!’ Cambria (Wales) will never yield! Let that be said of the South as well.
Men of Harlech
Men of Harlech, stop your dreaming.
Can’t you see their spear points gleaming.
See their warrior pennants streaming To this battle field.
Men of Harlech stand ye steady.
It can not ever be said ye For the battle were not ready.
Cambria ne’er will yield.
Men of Harlech on to glory.
This will ever be your story.
Keep these burning words before ye.
Cambria ne’er will yield
Hark, I hear the foe advancing.
Barbed steeds are proudly prancing.
Helmets in the sunbeams glancing Glitter through the trees.
Upon their soil we never sought them.
Love of conquest hither brought them.
But this lesson, we have taught them,
Cambia ne’er will yield.
Men of Harlech! young or hoary,
Would ye win a name in story?
Strike for home, for life, for glory!
Freedom, God, and Right!
Men of Harlech, on to glory See your banner famed in story Waves these burning words before ye,
Cambria ne’er will yield!
Again, this great Welsh battle uymn, the informal national anthem of Wales, known and loved throughout the world, speaks to their kindred Southerners of mutually cherished liberty and freedom. Men of Harlech speaks to the modern Southern patriot at several points. First, it points to the necessity of constant vigilance. Not a week passes these days without some outrage against our heritage, either by those who for political or economic advantage have made themselves our enemies, or those who have been intimidated by the tactics of their aggressive Cultural Marxism. Southerners need to wake up or they will see their heritage and symbols and even their faith shouted down and trampled under foot. Secondly, hurling back a formidable enemy is going to
Vol. 8 •	2
/ / Southern Events
require a formidable effort. That effort must be courageous and resolute. It is not for the faint of heart or for those who are easily intimidated. It is not for those who want to remain safely politically correct. It is not for those who have an excessive fear of being misunderstood or who quickly wither and retreat under the favourite attack words of the liberal press. It is not for those whose loyalty cannot weather the heat of criticism or who faint in controversy. Victory is the reward of valor. Fortune favours the bold and resolute.
Thirdly, although I have not included in my example all the verses in the various versions of Men of Harlech that pertain to religious faith, the orthodox faith of Scripture is central to our true heritage. A Bible verse in recent years made more famous in the movie. Chariots of Fire, frames the issue very well.
In I Samuel 2:30b we find: ‘Whoever honours Me, I will honour. Whoever despises Me will be lightly esteemed.’ (NKJ)
Finally, it points to the necessity of enduring moral courage. Ultimately all courage, including political courage and courage in battle, is moral courage. Moral courage more often than not is tested principally by time, often a long period of time. We must steel ourselves to persistent vigilance and an enduring faith and courage that will outlast our foes. Perseverance must be our constant prayer and watchword. So the Men of Harlech have left a legacy, not only to the Welsh, and to Britain, but also to the South. Let us remember their battle ciy and ours. Cambria ne’er will yield!
Mr Mike Scruggs is a former USAF.officer and combat veteran of Viet Nam. He holds the Distinguished Flying Cross, Purple Heart, Air Medal, with oak leaf cluster, and served as an intelligence officer during the Cuban Missle Crisis. He is a Ruling Elder of Oak Mountain Presbyterian Church in Birmingham, Alabama and chairman of the board of Oak Mountain Classical School
SOUTHERN HERITAGE NEWS & VIEWS Dedicated to the preservation of Southern Heritage and to defend the honour of our Confederate ancestors. Sent FREE via E-mail.
To subscribe send blank e-mail to: SouthernHeritage-subscribe@topica.com SOUTHERN HERITAGE NEWS & VIEWS STAY ON THE CUTTING EDGE WITH OUR NEWS, OPINIONS AND UPDATES
The South Under Siege
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE)
A Review by William Cawthon
Frank Conner, The South Under Siege, 1830 -2000: A History of the Relations Between the North and the South (Newnan, Georgia: Collards Publishing Company, 2002). 752 pp., $34.95
Frank Conner’s work, The South Under Siege, 1830 -2000, is a noble and stimulating effort on the part of a layman to explain the current predicament of the traditional South and what Southerners can do to turn the tide and restore the values and the culture of our beloved Southland.
To do so, Mr Conner traces the history of the relations of the North and the South from 1830 to 2000, covering in great detail the political and economic relations, often with fascinating background information. Much of this material will be new to many readers.
His central thesis is that the North has waged two wars against the South during this period, an economic war by Northern capitalists to control the Southern economy for the North’s benefit, and an ideological war ‘to discredit the history and heritage and culture and religion of the South, and convert the white Southerners into Northern liberal-wannabes,’ with the ultimate objective of this ideological war to discredit Christianity in order to establish the religion of secular humanism (ideological liberalism). Mr Conner believes that today we are being prepared for a totalitarian socialist government, eventually to encompass the world. He defines socialism as ‘a political system which employs social engineering on a massive scale to regulate rigidly the beliefs, behaviour, and economics of its citizens, thereby controlling tightly most of their activities — regardless of whether, the businesses in that country are owned by the government...’ (p. 263).
The major underlying thesis of Mr Conner’s work is that the ideological basis of Northern policy for these 170 years has been guided by the belief of secular humanism (liberalism) that man is basically good by nature and that man has the ability to create an egalitarian Utopia on earth, with God basically irrelevant or non-existent. The traditional South, on the other hand, has the wisdom, as taught by the Bible and the Southerners’ knowledge of human nature, that man is imperfect and that it is folly to attempt an earthly Utopia. Individuals are capable of a successful, satisfying life
by their own self-reliance, under a minimum government which has the duty of providing for the safety of its citizens.
Mr Conner modestly calls his book an historical essay. At 713 pages of text, however, with extensive and very valuable information, his work is a history with a very decided interpretation. Mr Conner lists an extensive and impressive bibliography, and for most chapters lists the works on which he most relied. He has read widely for a layman, and has been preparing this book with much obvious thought and effort for years, and for this Mr Conner is to be highly commended. The book is at its best in delineating how the North has held the South in economic bondage, and in depicting the terrible degeneracy of the decent Christian Southern society under the onslaughts of ideological liberalism, which Mr Conner believes is well on its way to winning its ideological war against the South.
1 particularly like Mr Conner’s short chapter, ‘What the South has Lost,’ in which he describes, all too briefly, the ‘unbelievably sweet’ life of the Old South, which he considers to have lasted until the late 1950s. I too remember this life, and I agree with Frank Conner. On my grandparents’ farms and in the small town of Jackson, Georgia where I went to high school this life lasted at least until the mid 1960s. It is a tragedy that the young generation thinks its life is so superior, with many seriously alienated from their historic culture, and the vast majority likely unable to identify with so much in the life of their parents and grandparents.
Mr Conner correctly sees white Southerners as the main antagonists of the North (though he emphasizes that blacks have also suffered severe harm from Northern policy), and frequently calls our attention to the obvious, though, often unacknowledged, fact that it is the white Southerners as a people whose honour and integrity and worth and very existence are threatened. He asserts that the North has from the 1830s onward used the rights of blacks as its major weapon in its ideological war against the South. Mr Conner dwells at length upon the abuses and the il logic of the way integration was forced upon the South during the Civil Rights era, and how this continues to harm both blacks and whites. This perspective, which has largely been whitewashed or buried, even among Southern conserva-tives, has long needed telling in depth. It needs its own book. However, the Northern feeling of cultural superiority and disdain for Southern society goes well beyond racial issues and deserves more
consideration than is given. Religion, violence, and sports addiction are the main other cultural issues addressed.
Mr Conner depicts a South today without a moral center to sustain it, since the mainstream Protestant denominations have adopted secular humanism and are promoting socialism and multiculturalism. The South is essentially leaderless, with the politicians and the business interests promoting economic policies which are leading the South and the US to Third World conditions of an extreme imbalance in wealth among classes, and are working to destroy the values, history, and culture of the traditional South.
The future of the average Southerner is very bleak, with a much lower standard of living, and with cultural genocide facing the Southern people. ‘It is a sad and bitter — and to me — infuriating story,’ writes Mr Conner, and this sense of loss and outrage is imparted to the reader.
Mr Conner offers a detailed plan qf action to restore the values of the Old South. Noting that all previous attempts to defend the South have failed, he firmly believes that the only hope we have is to go on the offensive, by attacking and discrediting liberalism and its many myths, which, after 35 years of failed liberal policy in action, is a conservative ‘revolution’ that can be successful.
His plan has a number of merits. Perhaps most important, he recognizes that we must reach ‘large numbers of-locally-influential Southerners.’ We cannot
continue to preach to the choir and expect to succeed. He proposes a campaign that would be implemented in phases, and he emphasizes that it must be practicable. The Southern philosophy ‘must describe the decent society, functioning under limited government in a republic that can deal satisfactorily with the complexities of today.’ (p. 658).
In the first phase, the existing Southern patriot oiganizations would conduct an educational campaign aimed at the movers and shakers of Southern communities to spread the word of the true history of the South, our present predicament, and the wisdom of returning to our traditional values. This phase would anger Southerners, but would in itself not be enough to cause them to throw off the shackles of liberalism. To find the key, Mr Conner proposes a very small coterie of brilliant and highly talented leaders composed of four or five Calvinist ministers, young Southern geniuses recruited by the ministers at Southern universities, and
It is the white Southerners as a people whose honour and integrity and worth and very existence are threatened.
13 Southern Events
Vol. 8 • Wo. 2
four or five extraordinarily effective orators to spread the arguments and the slogans developed by the geniuses. The ministers would be the intellectual fathers and the chief planners.
Though I understand Mr Conner wants to keep the Southern movement oriented to first principles, to involve ministers so closely in what is a cultural and an ideological campaign departs from the Southern experience and invites discord, disagreement, and ultimate failure. Many true blue Southerners are not going to be comfortable with a movement led by Calvinist ministers. Though Mr Conner is not altogether clear what he means by Calvinism, he seems to equate belief in the sovereignty of God with Calvinism. Methodists and Roman Catholics also believe in the sovereignty of God. It is basic to Christian faith.
Mr Conner is advocating no less than the restoration of the world view of the old Christian based European civilization as it was lived in the historic South, of the enduring values, which he enunciates. He believes that without changing the values and the culture first, that we cannot change the politics or have any hope of restoring Christian values and limited republican government and the society of decency that was the South.
To change the dominant Zeitgeist (spirit of the age) and Weltanschauung (world view) of the modem world is what we Southern traditionalists ultimately need if our values are to be truly restored to the society at large, but this would be such an earthshaking transformation which any number of brilliant thinkers of the twentieth century were unable to spark, that we should not think in terms of all or nothing. God in our time may not allow us to prevail. We can, however, persevere as a remnant. M. E. Bradford described our struggle as a Thousand Years War. Let us take this long view. It is our task to keep the flame alive and augment its strength until such time as conditions are ripe for the flowering again of our values and our Southern nation.
While Mr Conner believes that the South has the resources to defeat Left-liberalism within the South and even within the US, he does not believe that the South now has the resources to successfully bring about Southern independence. My view is the exact opposite. To my way of thinking, Southern independence is much more likely of accomplishment than changing a world view. In attempting to change the Weltanschauung of our society, we would be swimming against the tide of the modem world. In attempting Southern independence, we would be in harmony with the growing movements
world wide for greater autonomy and independence of long suppressedvpeoples. Our people, however, do not have the will, because they are too satisfied with their material prosperity, they enjoy too much the prestige of belonging to the mightiest power on earth, and they are brainwashed or neutralized. But as the US fractures under the growing pressures of multiculturalism and foreign immigration, a practical chance for Southern independence of one sort or another may come sooner than most people think. Mr Conner does not rule out Southern independence, but he believes the time is not ripe for a Southern independence movement.
The immigration issue, however, which Mr Conner barely touches upon, can lay waste any hope of a Southern renaissance, either of a restoration of our values and culture within the US, or of an independent Southland along traditional lines.
And this brings up a critical point in Mr Conner’s strategy, and in much of the rhetoric of the Southern movement. Mr Conner argues for an ideological attack on Left-liberalism, and much of the primary thrust of the politically oriented Southern movement is also ideological. But the discrediting of Left-liberalism can be done intellectually and rationally without reference to the South. Preserving and reclaiming a specific, historic South is what we are about, and this is at base a cultural and not an ideological movement. We are advancing a specific culture and people with their own history, memories, and traditions.
Mr Conner provides much perceptive analysis. He sees the big picture. He notes how Northern philanthropic efforts in the South paved the way for liberal influence in the South’s colleges and universities. He correctly notes that the attacks on the Confederacy ‘are really aimed at discrediting and obliterating every shred of the heritage, culture, and values of the traditional white South.’ (p. 576). He points out, contrary to the belief or hope of many Southern traditionalists, that the next economic depression or social upheaval will likely result in even greater governmental control by the Left-liberals, because they will still control the media and much of the government, and are clever enough never to acknowledge their conquest of the US but always blame problems on ‘conservatives.’ Hate crime laws are actually designed to control speech and thought. The Southern movement needs ‘to develop an integrated philosophy which will identify the wide array of practical benefits to the individual and the nation that will result from limited government.’ (p. 693). These are just a few of many examples.
The next economic depression or social upheaval will likely result in even greater governmental control by the Left-liberals.
/./ Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 2
Mr Conner writes in a polemical style, and takes an exceedingly strong stand on a number of issues which is bound to generate disagreement. He pushes his points so far that he has a strong tendency to overstate the case, sometimes going so far as misstatement, seriously weakening his work thereby. For example, he states that liberals ‘have guilt-tripped most white Southerners into the belief that their Confederate ancestors were an evil
people...while the Northern liberals and the various
‘victim’ groups were and are as pure as the driven snow.’ The guilt-tripping has strongly influenced many Southerners in leadership positions, but a large majority of Southerners still admire their Confederate forebears. A recent poll in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution found 72% of white Georgians saying the ‘Confederate flag’ stands for heritage, as opposed to about 15% saying it stood for racial strife.
Another example is the assertion that without the support of Northern Jewish intellectuals and activists ‘there would have been no 1960s Southern black civil-rights movement.’ Mr Conner provides abundant evidence of Northern Jewish intellectuals supporting the Civil Rights movement, but clearly the Civil Rights movement would have occurred anyway.
Mr Conner reveals the same tendency to overstate by characterizing all of William Faulkner’s work with the ‘hate the South’ literature, though when Absalom, Absalom is the only Faulkner novel taught, one can understand this belief. Faulkner has been used by the Left-liberals to undermine belief in the traditional South. He is a complex author. Faulkner’s The Unvanquished is a sympathetic portrayal of the Confederate cause. On the other hand, Mr Conner provides a valuable service by pointing out the Leftist, and in some cases outright Communist, affiliations of well known authors, including John Dos Passos and Erskine Caldwell.
The South Under Siege could have greatly benefitted from a proper sympathetic and judicious reading before publication.
There is, Mr Conner asserts, not ‘even one well-written book on the market today describing the conservative Christian values and the culture of the Old South in such a way that the reader can develop a comprehensive overview from it.’ The clerisy would say, there are many — 77/ Take My Stand for sure. A relatively recent work
Order THE SOUTH UNDER SIEGE - $34.95, postpaid. Georgia residents must also pay state sales tax for a total of $37.40, postpaid, check or money order. Coilards Publishing Compahy, P.O. Box 71996, Newnan, Georgia 30271
is James Kibler’s Our Fathers * Fields. Clyde Wilson has compiled an outstanding annotated bibliography of works which help form this understanding. But I think Mr Conner means a book to which the average Southerner, not of literary or academic inclination, can turn for a comprehensive understanding of the values and culture of the traditional South in an easy to read, clearly understandable form which gets the message across to him, yet which goes to the heart of what the South has always stood for, and been.
If you are serious about saving our Southland from the utter ruin of the modem fallacies of Left-liberalism and from the cultural genocide which gathers its momentum every day against us, The South Under Siege is well worth your consideration. It investigates many of the facets of the South’s political history, often with penetrating analysis. It seriously challenges the reigning views. If read carefully, it can stimulate a broad discussion of our plight and strategies for the survival and restoration of the South that we love. Mr Conner has devoted himself to this noble quest. Are we as serious?
Mr William Cawthon lives in Athens, Georgia. He is a regular contributor to Southern Events.
Non-fiction, pro-Southron Books Confederate Music (Basic Gray & Bobby Horton)
Celtic Music (Carl Peterson) Flags; Fabric w/ Battle Flag Design Maurice’s BBQ Sauce
http://www.pointsouth.com/c-shoppe.htm
confederate@wwisp.com 928 Delcris Dr. Birmingham, AL 35226 Phone 205.942.8978 205.942.7881 (fax)
/ 5 Son thorn Hvonls
Vol. 8 • /Vo. 2
Threatened Secession by New England Over Purchase of Louisiana And Other Grievances
by Tommy W. Rogers
The Story-Webster-Lincoln myth that the Constitutional compact of 1787 was accomplished by a national body politic which parceled out some domestic responsibilities to states as inferior political subdivisions is a peculiarly New England doctrine. However, prior to the Webster-Hayne debate, and even later,
New England spokesmen repeatedly repudiated inseparable consolidation whenever they thought disunion in their sectional interest. Generated primarily by the fear of power passing to other sections, threats of secession were voiced with such repetitive consistency during the nation’s infancy that historians Klos and Jones use the summary caption ‘the federal secessionist plot’ to described the various secessionist undertows emanating from New England.
When it suited the purpose of New Englanders the doctrine of State liberties glowed with white hot ardor, and their statements were garnished with terms like ‘compact,’ ‘partnership,’ and the States as ‘original sovereignties’. Although the misnamed Federalist Party was the consolidationist party in practice, and generally showed a strong disposition to deny State sovereignty, the New England federalists were foremost in threatening to pursue happiness without threat from Southern and Western interests. Labouring under what John S. Tilley described as ‘grandiose delusions of superiority and importance,’ New Englanders ‘were constantly warning that national action unblessed by their approval would bring their withdrawal.’ John Taylor reported being approached by Senators King of New York and Ellsworth of Massachusetts in 1794 with a plan for consensual dissolution on a line somewhere from the Potomac to the Hudson because of the different ethos of the Southern and Eastern peoples. Alexander Hamilton claimed that the creditor states would secede if the rest of the new government did assume colonial war debts. Hamilton was said to have privately admitted that assumption of
New England was the hotbed of secession-including secession with treasonous aroma ...
State war debts would have the desirable effect of ‘an accession of strength to the national government,’ a position which Albert Taylor Bledsoe assessed as leading to the logical conclusion that ‘a national debt is a national blessing’.
Threats of disunion were warned if opposition to Hamilton’s plan were made by the Southern States. The man who assured readers of The Federalist that State legislatures would be able to protect State citizens from violation by the federal government reacted to the Virginia Remonstrance by describing it as reflecting a ‘spirit to be killed,’ and sought to raise a militia to put muscle behind his verbiage.
The purchase of the Louisiana territory threw New Englanders into frenzied umbrage. Napoleon thought it advantageous to strengthen America as a maritime rival of England, and the US was able to purchase the territory of Louisiana. Rep. Cutler declared that such an egregious
act ‘in all probability will lay the foundation for a separation of the states.’ Sen. Plumer of New Hampshire stated: ‘The Eastern States must and will dissolve the Union and form a separate government of their own...’.
Seaton and Gales’ Annals of Congress shows that, on 3 November 1803, Sen. Samuel White of Delaware declared that ‘when I contemplate the evils that may arise to these States, from this intended incorporation of Louisiana into the Union, I would rather see it given to France, or to Spain, or to any other nation ... upon the mere condition that no citizen of the United States should ever settle within its limits ...’. White thought the admission of Louisiana ‘will be the greatest curse that could at present befall us ...’. The most ‘productive of innumerable evils’ White feared was that new territory would present such prospect of opportunity to ‘the adventurous, roving, and enterprising temper of our people’ that ‘Louisiana will become settled ... with very population that would otherwise occupy part of our present territory ... will form other commercial connections, and our interests will become extinct’.
New England apprehension over what Sen. Tracy of Connecticut expressed as rendering New England ‘insignificant to the union’ set in motion ‘a deliberate plan for the secession of the New England states’. House federalist leader Roger Griswold (Conn.) and Sen. Timothy Pickering (Mass.) promoted what Pickering articulated as ‘a new Confederacy exempt from the corruption and corrupting influence of the ... South* by a Northern Confederacy inclusive of New England, New
/() Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 2
York, Pennsylvania and the British provinces of Canada. Proponents of disruption saw advantage in the election of Aaron Burr as New York governor as increasing the likelihood of New York involvement and told Burr that he would be the head of the new nation. Burr sought to accommodate by organizing New York Federalists into a secession power. Delaware was proposed as the dividing line for a newly formed aristocratic government.
John S. Tilley observes in his monumentally exquisite The Coming of the Glory that the Pickering I Griswold -New England conspiracy had an ingredient of treason in the form of seeking British compliance and agitation among Southern negroes to accomplish British seizure of Louisiana. The Embargo Act (1807) sought to counter England insolent disregard of American rights on the seas but was detrimental to the commerce of the carrying states. Federalist such as Pickering and Quincy were enraged to the point at Pickering notified a British agent that English partisans in New England would see to it that the embargo was nullified. Tilley reports that Rev. Timothy Dwight joined in the secession cacophony by taking the text ‘Come out from among and be ye separate’ as basis for promoting New England’s secession.
In the war of 1812 New Englanders provided supplies for British soldiers in Canada. Massachusetts’s senator Pickering expressed hope that a British victory at New Orleans would cause a collapse of the US government and open the way for the Northern states ‘to make a solid peace with Great Britain.’ Rep. Josiah Quincy stated in House debate on 14 January 1811, that if Louisiana was admitted to the Union ‘it is virtually a dissolution of the union’ which will ‘free the States from their moral obligation and, as it will be the right of all, so it will be the duty of some, definitely to prepare for separation, amicably if they can, violently if they must.’
Review of the records of House for 14 January 18111 show that Mr Quincy advised that statehood of Louisiana would ‘justify a revolution in this country’. Quincy professed that he yielded ‘to no man in attachment to this constitution,’ etc., etc., as ‘the light which is destined to gladden his own day, and to soften even the gloom of the grave,’ etc., etc., but admission of Louisiana would be ‘an act contemplated which lays ruin at the foot of all these hopes.’ Admission of the Territory of Orleans was said to represent a principle ‘before the operation of which the bands of this constitution are no more than flax before the fire, or stubble before the whirlwind.’ House records reveal that upon this prolegomenon Mr Quincy made the pointed declaration of dissolution, and
that he was thereon called to order by Mr Poindexter (Mississippi Territory). At that point, Mr Quincy, in the words of the House journal, ‘repeated, and justified the remark he had made, to save misapprehension, he committed it to writing, and, ‘[ajfter some little confusion,’ Mr Poindexter ‘required the decision of the Speaker’ for a member to declare ‘the right of any portion of the people to separate.’ The Speaker determined that Quincy’s statement ‘That it would be the duty of some States to prepare for separation ...’ was contrary to the order of debate. Mr Quincy then appealed with request for yays and nays on the question of ‘Is the decision of the Speaker correct. The decision of the Speaker was reversed 56 nays, 53 yays.
Mr Quincy then stated that when he spoke of ‘a separation of the States as resulting from the violation of the constitution ... there is no low intrigue; no secret machinations. I am on the people’s own ground — to them I appeal concerning their own.... liberties, their
own intent in adopting this constitution.’
Mr Quincy further declared that ‘Touching the general nature of the instrument called the Constitution ... there is no obscurity — it has no fabled descent... from the heavens. Its origin is not confused by the mists of time, or hidden by the darkness of past unexplored ages; it is the fabric of our day. Some now living had a share in its construction — all of us stood by and saw the rising of the edifice. There can be no doubt amount its nature. It is a political compact’ (emphasis mine).
Mr Quincy then reviewed the terminology by which the people of these United States had designated themselves from ‘the Colonies and Provinces of North America’ (1774) to ‘the United Colonies of North America’ (1775) to the ‘United States of America.’ Arguing that the first phrase of the preamble made it clear it that the Constitution was for ‘we, the people of the United States ... ; not for the people of Louisiana; nor for the people of New Orleans and, contending that ‘reasoning concerning their liberties, their rights, their constitution’ should not be premised on ‘the inevitable obscurity of general terms,’ but on ‘the intent of the American people ... when they agreed to this article,’ Quincy declared that the admission of new States contemplated by the Constitution did not include Louisiana. Quincy continued that admission of a new partner outside of the original limits of the United States ‘without recurrence to conventions of the people, in the States, or to the Legislatures of the States,’ would be ‘a manifest and atrocious usurpation of power; of a nature,
Pickering articulated as ‘a new Confederacy exempt from the corruption and corrupting influence of the ... South’ by a Northern Confederacy inclusive of New England, New York, Pennsylvania and the British provinces of Canada.
1 / Salt thorn Events
Vol. 8 • AJo. 2
dissolving, according to undeniable principles of moral law, the obligations of our national compact’ (emphasis mine).
Quincy objected to what he described as ‘the principle of the bill,’ namely, that the national government of its own accord could admit new partners situated beyond the old limits of the United States.’ He argued that ‘the very name and nature of the old partners [would] be overwhelmed by new comers into the Confederacy.’ Quincy recognized it ‘goes to the very root of the power and influence of the present members of this Union.’ The gravamen of the complaint of New Englanders was that saddling New England’s comparative power with the influence of the ‘mighty theatre’ of new States outside of the ancient limits of the United States would diminish the power of New England; therefore, ‘when the three branches of this Government usurp upon this constitution particulars vital to the liberties of this people, the deed is at their peril.’
With respect to reactions of some gentlemen of the House to ‘the moral and political consequences of usurping this power that it would be a virtual dissolution of the Union,’ Quincy was pointedly specific that the ‘true source of terror is not the declaration I have made, but the deed you propose,, whereby, in Quincy’s words, ‘the scepter of power in this country is passing towards the North-west ... Already the old States sink in the estimation of members.’
Quincy spoke of a usurptacious ‘changing all the proportion of the weight and influence possessed by the potent sovereignties composing this union’ as a power ‘that never could be delegated; never was delegated.’ He asserted that: a people so wisely vigilant concerning their rights would not have transferred to Congress any power to balance the political power of any one State at its will by admitting new States; that such a power was ‘not pretended to be within the scope of the constitution or the conception of the people, at the time of passing it; violated the original intent by assuming powers which result ‘neither from the general nature, nor the particular provisions, of the Federal Constitution;’ breaks down all the proportions of power guaranteed by the constitution to the States, upon which their essential security depends, [and] utterly annihilates the moral force of this political contract;’ and, is utterly inconsistent with ‘the safety of the States which established the association’ (emphasis mine). As Quincy put it:
‘This is not so much a question concerning the exercise of sovereignty, as it is who shall be sovereign. Whether the proprietors of the good old United States shall manage their affairs in their own way; or whether they, and their constitution, and their political rights, shall be trampled underfoot by foreigners.... What is the practical
difference to the old partners whether they hold their liberties at the will of a master, or whether, by admitting new states arbiters ... by availing themselves of the contrariety of interests and views which in such a confederacy will arise ... In both cases there is an effective despotism. But the last is more galling, as we carry the chain in the name and gait of freedom’ (emphasis mine).
Mr Quincy’s reference to the constitution as a compact was a common expression of the era. The terms confederacy and confederation continued to be used after adoption of the Constitution just as Union and Constitution were sometimes used to describe the relationship of the States with each other via the Articles of Confederation, which was, in fact, a written constitution. Senator Uriah Tracy (Conn.), speaking against the acquisition of Louisiana in Senate debate on 3 November 1803, objected because ‘the relative strength which this admission gives to a Southern and Western interest’ was regarded as contradictory to the ‘true construction ... of the principles of our original Union’. Those principles were the compactual and contractual nature of the cooperative Union from which the partners could withdraw as to themselves when they considered in it in their interest to do so.2
The Hartford Convention (15 December 1814) was explicit that in the absence of a common referee the States ‘must be their own judges and execute their own decisions’. Indeed, Daniel Webster, the noted spokesman of the Websterian fallacy of a consolidated union, appeared on a list of New England notables fingered by John Adams as having been involved in an 1807 conspiracy to sandbag the United States. When Webster’s prior sentiments were exposed at the time of the Hayne-Webster debate, the son of Hebraic-Puritanism in its necrotic stage instituted suit against Theodore Lyman. Lyman’s counsel, later a Massachusetts Supreme Court justice, argued that since ‘Every state has a right to secede from the Union without committing treason;’ therefore, ‘a confederation of the New England states to confer with each other on the subject of dissolving the Union was no treason.’
Southern Events
Our Website: www.southernevents.org
Southern Events
Yearly subscriptions to this quarterly $16.00 - P 0 Box 2517Selma, AL 36702-2517
IS Southern Erents
Vol. 8 • iVo. 2
Prior to the nullification controversy, Massachusetts, the leading State of the federalist party, recognized the Constitution to be a compact to which the States had acceded. The Massachusetts legislature, in its manifesto of opposition to the Virginia Resolutions (1798), spoke of the Union with ‘its Confederate States’ and described the Constitution as ‘that solemn compact’. Albert Taylor Bledsoe somewhat ironically and caustically observed that, Webster’s subsequent lugubriosity to the contrary, Massachusetts apparently was not then aware that the States United was not a confederacy, or that its Constitution was not a compact. In 1803, the Massachusetts legislature, mortified by the purchase of Louisiana, resolved thus such egregious act ‘formed a new Confederacy to which the States United by the former compact, are not bound to adhere’.
Senator White of Connecticut, speaking in the Senate in 1803 ‘with a view to the Constitution, and the nature and principles our government,’ stated that ‘[a] number of States, or independent sovereignties, entered into a voluntary association, or ... partnership, and the Constitution was agreed to as the measure of power delegated by them to the Federal Government, reserving to themselves every other power not by them delegated.’
White thought that ‘The object of the original sovereignties, or partners to the compact’ was obvious; ‘they united as equals in power, to promote the political welfare of all.’ White thought that the power of admission of States was restricted entirely to those ‘domestic States, who were all parties to the Revolutionary War, and to the compact.,’ In his view, the ‘nature and principles of our association’ precluded Congress from admitting a new State ‘by a majority only ... without the consent of the old partners, when two-thirds of all the members are made the requisite for the least alteration in the Constitution.’ White stipulated that while the ‘original sovereignties, or partners to the compact’ gave certain powers in acceding to the covenant of Union, ‘but no one partner can be supposed stupid enough to give power transfer for itself, without and against its consent, to the Government of Algiers, or any other despotic government’.
The New Englanders were not limited to pre-Websterian consolidationist claims in asserting the compactual nature of the union nor of the right of dissatisfied sections to withdraw from a counterproductive alliance. John Quincy Adams was among the New Englanders who announced that session of the New England states might be the proper remedy for the annexation of Texas. In 1844 the Massachusetts legislature formally resolved that annexation of Texas could result in secession of the New England States. In 1845 the same legislature declared that admission of
Texas ‘would have no binding force whatever on the people of Massachusetts’.
Whereas Southrons a half-century later had not the slightest intention of conducting any hostility to invade or overthrow the Union, the rumblings of secession in New England attendant to the Territory of Orleans and to the War of 1812 reflected a treasonous aroma nowhere contemplated by the Southerner’s exercise of the ancient rights of sovereign political communities. Edgar Lee Masters observed that the Southern ordinances of secession were strictly regular and in perfect conformity to the American system as the American States returned their status as to themselves to what it had been at time of accession to the Constitution. As Charles Francis Adams adroitly observed, Robert E. Lee was a traitor in exactly the same sense and degree as was George Washington.
ENDNOTES
1	The statements of Rep. Quincy are contained in Abridgment of the Debates of Congress from 1789 to less (Washington: D. Appleton & Co., 1858), 328-335, and the Annals of Congress
(Washington: Gales & Seaton, 1853), 523-542.
2	McDonald suggests that ‘moderate Federalists’ called the Hartford Convention to head off rather than achieve secession by the New England states (Forrest McDonald, A Constitutional History of the United States [New York: Franklin Watts, 1982], 97-97). Even if that perception is accurate of the role of‘moderate Federalists,’ that itself underscores the depth of the agitation of disunion which festered in New England. In his treatise on Webster, Hemy Cabot Lodge noted that during the infancy of the experiment of the States, with a consolidated union for the exercise of specifically limited powers, the right of State voluntary withdrawal was taken for granted. Lodge observed that this sentiment came primarily from New England and was fueled by fear of other sections of the nation being able to exert power over New England.
Tommy W. Rogers, M.A., M.S., M.C.J., LL.B., J.D., Ed.S., Ph.D. former professor of sociology at Northwestern La. Univ. and Ga. Southern Univ., in academic exile for over five and twenty years, is reportedly seen periodically in a Southern state. Dr Rogers is a member of the Mississippi State Bar, the bar of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, and the bar of the Supreme Court of these United States.
THE PATRIOTIST News, Commentary http://www.patriotist.com/
/Q Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 2
Will Multiculturalism Lead to Race Wars?
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5) by Jeff Adams
Today, we are blasted with a constant beating of the racial drums from the liberal media, the liberal entertainment industry, and the liberal educational system. Socialist leftists that spend a large part of their time insisting that whites are racist and that minorities should be upset dominate these three arenas. Doesn’t matter what minorities are upset about, but they should be upset about something, according to the liberals, and they should blame white folks for it. This constant effort to agitate minorities against the white majority has produced a fruit that we will all end up eating, and it is a very bitter fruit.
As people are desensitized to violence through movies, TV shows and the news, and the pursuit of selfish pleasures replaces the traditional ideas of civilized society, we are raising a nation of barbarians that look at one another and judge purely on the color of their skin. People are more violence prone today, and coupled with the growing animosity that liberals promote between the races, I wonder how long until a race war breaks out. Will it be sudden, or will it be something that gradually escalates? Who will actually start things? Will it be minorities who have been guaranteed government handouts based on nothing more than the color of their skin, all the while being told that they have been denied their 'equal rights' even though the laws are slanted in their favor concerning hiring, college entrance, and even consideration before the law? Or will it be whites, who in a fit of frustration decide that they’ve had enough of being told how 'bad' they are, and are tired of being denied opportunities because of the color of their skin, or denied equal protection under the law because politicians and law enforcement officials are afraid they might appear 'racist' for simply enforcing the law?
It is actually ironic, considering that we live in a time in America when people as a whole have much more, materially, than they’ve ever had. Success is open to anyone regardless of their race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, or their gender. We are at a point in our history where whites are more accepting of other racial groups than ever before. But with all this, minorities are growing more and more angry and antagonistic towards whites. Can any of these minority people, as individuals, actually point to something specific in their lives to be angry about that can be blamed on a specific white person? I mostly hear about the past, but those old issues have been addressed through various government actions (welfare, affirmative action, set-asides, etc.) and should be put to rest.
How many times can a group of people continue to come back to another group of people and request a debt be paid, have it paid, and come back and say it isn’t enough after all, and more must be paid? At some point people must be accountable only for themselves, not foi the past, and those wanting payment must realize that the debt they claim is no longer owed to them, if it ever really was to begin with.
Liberals have used multiculturalism to divide us as a people. They have worked to break us down into tiny, manageable parts that can be used against one another so they can control us as a whole. It’s not unlike how Saddam played the different ethnic and religious groups of Iraq off of one another to keep them all under his control. Through their efforts, socialists have convinced the various racial and ethnic groups that make up our population that we have nothing in common and that most everyone should be aggrieved (with the noted exceptions of Southern white males and Christians). You can’t keep pushing and pushing at people without eventually one group or the other reaching a breaking point. What then?
I fear that my children will be forced to take up arms to defend themselves in their own land. Not against foreign invaders (although that is possible, with the 'Reconquista' going on), but from their fellow Southerners and Americans who turn on them in open hostility. Will it be a race war that we see in the not too distant future?
The demonization that is going on right now, of Southerners in general, and white males in particular, is similar to what northern abolitionists did prior to, and during the War for Southern Independence, and what Hitler did to the Jews during WWII. All was in an effort to de-humanize the specified opponent, thereby making them less than an equal, and thus making it easier to motivate people to kill them. The more civility crumbles in our society, and the more minorities are pushed to be angry and upset, the more likely we are to see war break out within our own land. Once this happens, what will become of us all?
Mr Jeff Adams is a Souhern Patriot. He writes from his home in the Lone Star State of Texas.
JOIN THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and Independence of the Southern people by all honourable means. Regular Membership $40 per person annually, $60 for husband and wife. To join send a statement thal you support our purpose (stated above) with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to L.S., PO Box 760, Killen, Alabama 35645
20 Southern Events
Vol. 8 • No. 2
A review by Nat Rudulph
James Everett Kibler, Child To The Waters (Gretna, Louisiana: Pelican Publishing Company, 2003). 206 pp., hardbound,
A folk singer once said, ‘In my tribe, music is blood memory.’ Music touches the deepest parts of our being. It is bigger than the individual, and somehow resonates in a way we don’t consciously understand. The same is true when folk tales are repeated. Stories that are handed down over generations have a lot of the same myth-like power to convey larger connections.
I am not talking about some pagan Jungian concept of a collective unconscious. I mean a factor that is partially cultural because of generations of shared bonds, and probably genetic as well.
I can appreciate almost all kinds of music. But there is something special I feel when I hear Appalachian music, or old-time Country. Perhaps it reminds me of music that my grandfather used to enjoy. A real treat to me is listening to non-enhanced recordings made bn a front porch in Appalachia in the 1920s.
A friend and I were discussing the fact that most Southerners today with their contemporary sensibilities find music like this too rough, too raw, too old. I told him these were the very things that endured the music to me. It was the pure, unpretentious, unpolished creative expression of the soul of a people, made to tell a story and to be enjoyed, not to make money or win fame. My friend said he liked it because in the music he could hear his ancestors talking to him.
If you’re from Dixie and you can’t hear your ancestors talking to you in James Kibler’s new book Child to the Waters, then you’re deaf. This collage of stories calls out Southern virtues and foibles, all that is noble, and all that is ‘quar’ about us. Many of the stories are drawn from actual folk-legends that have been handed down in the author’s native South Carolina.
Story seven, ‘Singin’ Billy, the Song Catcher’ is based on a man who was born in South Carolina in 1809 and collected, or caught songs, as well as composed. He set in musical notation many songs of his day.
And this is the true story of Tyger’s own son, our "own Billy Walker, ‘Singin’ Billy’ he’s called. He caught up the songs and passed them on down through his books and his own singing schools.... Now we sing him today like the voice of the old vanished forest, rhythms of stars, or the motion of seasons, like the blood in our veins, or the rock of the cradle...
Child to the Waters harnesses stories, phrases, images and feelings that are at the very core of what it is to be a Southron. From Celtic dreams and fables, flying up from some deep ancient past in Europe, a sense of oneness with nature, to Christian virtues and vision, to African cross-cultural influences, Kibler has put together a remarkable collection. One story seems like a fairy tale, the next could be an event you can see happening down the road, and so funny you’re rolling on the floor, like ‘Transistorized Resurrection.’ Then there is ‘The Magnolia Fay’—as you read it aloud, sweet butter and pearls seem to roll around your tongue and the syllables spring into the air bringing something fragrant to life.
Kibler’s words seem to have their own music bound up in them. The words combine and reverberate and rhyme as they ebb and flow in what often feels like a delightful prankster of a poem. I might add that the book is liberally interspersed with actual lyrics from a number of handed-down songs.
‘The Revenge of the Great House’ was quite amusing. Was it a close-to-life story of the author’s own tribulations and annoyances with visiting agents of a ‘Great Northern Publishing House’ who were considering publication of
Child to the Waters
A review by Nat Rudulph
2! Southern Events
his previous epic Our Fathers - Fields? They had taken considerable umbrage at his lack of suffering slaves, cruel chains, and similar PC claptrap in the book. I suspect a good portion of this tale may be true, but the part at the end, where the house gets revenge on the nogood Yankee by giving him a close encounter of the worst kind with a demon or a nightmare, and a landslide of Southern literature in the form of a collapsed bookshelf on his head is something I’ll just have to ask Jim about the next time I see him. Probably just wishful thinking.
In ‘How Jakob Emig Encountered Old Scratch’ it won’t come as too much of a surprise to Georgians and South Carolinians in particular to read that the devil himself incarnate came visiting in the form of one red-bearded Union general bent on pillage and destruction. Hero Jakob Emig mysteriously protects his property, but not without a little dose of humility from the Lord, so that his victory doesn’t go to his head. Using tales, still current in the Dutch Fork area (Deutsche meaning German) after 3 centuries, are the basis of this story.
One of my favourites was ‘The Fool Killer: A Fable for Academics*’ Lowell Beecher is the fool killer, the enforcer of Autonomous Man’s dream.
He particularly held the religious as pious great fools, the kings of them all. As for himself, his god was God-Science-Reason, and he worshipped at shrine every day. Mystery and deep mumbo-jumbo he just could not abide.... He saw then in vision of light: with enough accumulated knowledge of dismembered parts, nature would bend pliantly to enlightened man’s will, and enlightened new man would run shining utopian world— but for the likes of undammed rivers and fools. And as for Saints, sainted damfools, more the like. Superstitions all, powerless before God-Science’s sway. Such superstitions were the folly of children of woods, rivers, and fields.
Fool Killer raises his hand to kill using a hornet’s nest, but something in nature that he hasn’t calculated causes him to immediately reap what he was about to sow. The mysterious things, the fool things, the permanent things and Christianity still abide, and Fool Killer is gone.
Someone asked me if Kibler’s new book had anything about Southern Nationalism in it. I said it was nothing about it, yet all about it.
The Irish song ‘Four Green Fields’ depicts the loss of four provinces to the British. In the song Ireland is ‘the old woman’ who mourns her losses, but gives hope for future recovery. When I first heard it I thought it would be a perfect song to adapt to the South, and as one of those projects we start but seldom finish was a plan to
Vol. 8 • l\To. 2
write ‘Thirteen Green Fields’. (Ask a knowledgeable Missourian or Kentuckian what the 12th and 13th stars on the Confederate flag represent.)
Kibler has painted an unforgettable picture of the South as ‘the old woman,’ in ‘The Golden Cup and Bowl.’
The teller of the tale is Odell, who stops by for a visit with Hamp Cullen. As they sit in cane-bottom rockers there in the broom-swept yard (Both of my Grandmothers kept yards like this), Odell begins to tell the story of the poor old woman who came to his door. Hamp’s son Rob-Emmet is nearby listening.
Odell begins his tale by recounting her response to his offer of help. ‘It will be help I’ll be requiring of many, and help that will not come easy, and help from some not at all till the last.’
She tells of her 13 children and their 13 fields which were taken by strangers and divided for spoil. Her children are ensnared, she says, held by force and have had all that rightfully belongs to them taken away.
Odell sees something more than a poor beggar in this woman, that she was once noble as a queen, and is still a lady. But thoughts of his own current obligations and pleasures make him wish the old lady would go away. To break the lady’s strange ‘power’ that he senses she has over him he begins to ask what he can give her (to send her away).
He offers food, then gold. The lady replies both times that she is the one who would give great abundance and wealth to her children kept from her, and it is not these she requires. Then he offers fame and standing in the world and respectability. Odell says he has ‘position with the law and in the town. The merchants know me, and even some fear. Important people ask advice and do my bidding every day. If I told your story, you’d have honor back and not be walking in tatters and rags.’
She rebuffs him. ‘It’s I who would bestow standing in the world to those who seek it now in devious, less than honest ways, foreswearing and belying their homes. It’s I who’d give great fame to all my children kept from me. I’d nourish with the strength of heritage fine. No, fame and standing it is not I require.’
Odell begs to know what she requires, or ‘I’ll never be happy more.’
She obliges. ‘You were not happy when to your door I came, nor are you now I see. You miss and lack your own. For you are oldest of my children bom. They took you from me small; they tore you crying from my arms when only four years old.... despoiled my house, and burned it all. They only left us eyes they said, that we might weep....’
(Continued on page 27)
_?_? Southern Events
The Equal Gender Military vs. Saddam Hussein and Christians
by John Chodes
In the aftermath of the second war against Saddam Hussein, it has gradually become evident to the American public that women had an equal combat role alongside men in Iraq.
Uncle Sam says this is progress but in fact the equal gender military will destroy our Christian heterosexual culture since it parallels the ideology of both the ancient Spartan society and the 20th century’s Third Reich. Sparta was a homosexual culture. Nazi Germany was emerging as one.
One of the characteristics of Sparta and Hitler’s regime and all other totalitarian nations is that they reduce men’s and women’s roles to a uniform one-dimensionality. Since both sexes are considered to be exactly the same, under the guise of equality, both men and women are deemed equally fit to be slaughtered for the glory of the all-powerful State. Traditionally, women have been excluded from war for they represented society’s peace constituency.
Israel and the former Soviet Union have utilized women for their armed forces but only in support roles.
In 1991, in reponse to America's euphoria over our quick success in Desert Storm, Congress repealed the ban against women flying warplanes in combat.
In December 1992 an American combat force, which included women, landed in Somalia to aid the United Nations in that ravaged country. This operation further legitimized women’s status as combatants.
By the mid-1990’s the Navy backed a full combat role for women on all warships. And since then, women have become paratroopers and platoon leaders over men.
Advocates of the equal gender military fail to address the consequences of all these radical steps, particularly its effect on our civil rights and our current moral values as they apply to man-woman relationships. This includes the right to a private life, a family, and the basic Christian spiritual traditions that uphold these values.
Equal gender advocates also do not mention the longterm effect of giving the military the same life-and-death power over women that they have always had over men: the armed forces will control the nation politically.
Preparing women to be warrior-killers makes it necessary for churches and the media to be manipulated by the Pentagon. How else can the armed forces ensure that women will be properly trained from child-hood in
Vol. 8 •No. 2
the emotional and physical ethos of killing, just as boys have always been, through toy weapons, and injurious sports.
All this challenges the Christian tenets regarding the validity of opposite gender relationship. Marriage and spiritual values cannot exist when ‘kill or be killed’ is the highest moral code.
In cultures where an equal gender military has existed, heterosexuality, marriage, and a commitment to peace did not survive. Everyone was part of the war machine. Those against ‘kill or be killed’ were traitors.
‘Educational Amendments’ Expand Militarism
The equal gender military has grown steadily within America since the 1970s, when the armed forces first recruited women on an ‘equal opportunity’ basis. This meant putting them into leadership roles as officers with advancement potential that never existed before. This required putting women through the same basic training as men. This exposed a glaring deficiency in female physiology. All the military services’ statistics verified the same fact: women are 67% weaker than men in upper body strength.1
This is a life-and-death factor in combat. It means, for instance, that women cannot carry or even drag a wounded comrade to safety. They cannot lift most artillery shells or haul a box of desperately needed ammunition.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff addressed this major shortcoming through the public school systems. They persuaded Congress to add ‘Title IX’ to the ‘Educational Amendments,’ which ex-panded the powers of the already existing Higher Education Act of 1965 and the National Defense Education Act of 1958. This new segment of the law mandated greater emphasis on schoolgirl sports and the integration of physical education classes, supposedly to end discrimination against women. In fact, it was designed to offset women’s strength disadvantages when they entered the armed forces.2
Within less than a generation women’s sports programs had expanded to such a degree that their basketball leagues were televised nationally.
Homosexual Sparta. The American Role Model
Ancient Sparta had the world’s first equal gender militaiy. As a result it was a society totally organized for war, and only homosexuality was officially sanctioned. All three factors are related and should serve as a warning to contemporary Americans how the equal gender military will transform our opposite-sexes Christian culture into its antithesis.
In Sparta, both men and women were used as human sacrifices for the all-encompassing war machine. From the age of seven all Spartan children lived away from
23 Son thorn Events
Vol. 8 • No. 2
home, in barracks, where both boys and girls were organized into troops to be hardened to physical pain and strict discipline. From eighteen to twenty years old, both sexes were trained for war. Until thirty, they continued to live in the barracks. Then, unless there was war, their military service was complete.3
This total warrior creed compelled a nationalized cult of death. Today this vision is seen as a positive model to be emulated. Elizabeth Mann Borgese, a contemporary equal gender activist, said: ‘In Sparta, women gave birth thoughtlessly. If the child was not perfect, it was disposed of. “Wet nurses” made the child anonymous in State nurseries. They were “death conditioned” by seeing their heroes and heroines fighting bravely. And when the battle was over, the valiant women were honoured and celebrated no less than the valiant men.’4
This Spartan ideology created an absolute conflict between the goals of the individual and the family, with its diverse roles for men and women and the fostering of private, peaceful goals, and the State’s view. Plato, in The Republic, said’, ‘Abolition of the family is important for the equality of the sexes...The family system thwarts sexual equality. State nurseries will replace the family. Thus Guardians (the leaders) can be bred on scientific lines.’ 5 Breeding people like domesticated animals dissipated distracting loyalties, values and affections.
This brutal picture directly relates to Sparta’s notorious homosexual culture. The equal gender philosophy and institutionalized same-sex relations are not only immoral but are really one and-the-same process: the total glorification of war.
As far back as The Iliad, homosexuality was a warrior doctrine. The Iliad celebrates war and violence. It is largely a Spartan story. Manelaus was king of the Spartans. Agamemnon was his brother. When Achilles’ comrade Patroklus was killed by Hector, Achilles was overcome by grief because they were lovers. Achilles vowed to stay at Troy to avenge Patroklus. This doomed him. He was killed by Paris.
Spartan youth saw in Achilles the ideal of manly love. Loyalty was at the heart of the bond. A youngster learned courage from an older lover, who was called ‘The Inspirer.’ The youth was ‘The Hearer.’ In battle they were posted side-by-side. 6
Plato confirmed that homosexuality was bound up with national honour and the warrior spirit. In the Symposium Phaedrus says: ‘I know not any greater blessing to a young man beginning life, than a virtuous (male) lover... Of the sense of honour, without which. States or individuals never do any good or great work. And I say that a lover who is detected in doing any dishonourable
act, or submitting through cowardice, will be more pained at being detected by his beloved than by being seen by his father or his companions ... And when fighting at one another’s side, although a mere handful, they (the male lovers) would overcome the world... Who would desert his beloved or fail him in the hours of danger?’ 7
‘Education Amendments’ Create An American Sparta Contemporary America is on the threshold of being another Sparta, with all its inherent moral degradation. Beginning with sexual equality legislation in the workplace. Congress and equal gender activists have pressed forward with relentless pressure to make the one-gender philosophy the national standard. To do so, the Federal government has spent huge sums on research for a broad range of scientific disciplines to discover ‘the truth’ about gender.
Often this research focuses on dominance using the findings of anthropologists, sociologists, biologists and political scientists to demonstrate that heterosexual male supremacy in Western societies is phenomenon and not biologically true of all males. They point out the almost limitless variability of human behavior patterns. This research equates dominance with men abusing women, with racism and poverty.8
Many equal gender proponents believe that the abolition of stereotypical roles and barriers between men and women would end dominance. Yet Robert Paul Wolf,
a well-known activist, did perceive that ‘this non-differentiation which we worship is also what we hate because it creates complete alienation and de-humanization.’9 Since dominant heterosexuality is perceived as a reactionary evil. Congress has gradually made homosexuality the only logical or legal alternative ‘Gender discriminatory’ classes (like shop or home economics) are discouraged; there is no more gender-based counseling. Physical education classes are being integrated. Through this process, one gender, one view of men and women’s purpose, is being created by the State.10 One federal workshop teachers' handbook states: ‘Child-rearing is not a woman’s only or most important or even necessary role.’11 This implies that child-rearing is now the government’s function, like in Sparta.
Public schools also foster the one-gender ideal through what is known as ‘sex education.’ These programs are less concerned with the moral or spiritual or even physical significance of children engaging in intercourse, than with the redefining of boy-girl relations to eliminate ‘differ-nce.’ One government guideline called ‘Sex Education in Perspective,’ describes how the teacher
The equal gender philosophy and institutionalized same-sex relations are not only immoral but are really one and-the-same process: the total glorification of war.
2 1 Southern Event*
should present the idea of gender to 7th graders. The teacher must explain that who we are depends on what we choose to be in terms of gender. The children will see that they do not need adult opinion to define them in terms of gender. The training is geared to not letting adults define them. The societal image is not final.’12
If traditional societal views of male and female are not final, then homosexuality is merely a ‘preference,’ and as legitimate as any other choice. From this perspective, homosexuality breaks down ‘reactionary’ heterosexual stereotypes and is a necessary and revolutionary prelude to the one-gender Utopia.
‘Education Amendments’ Parallel Third Reich
Nazi Germany was also committed to an equal gender military. This is not the result of a desperate attempt to win a lost war. It was inherent in basic Nazi philosophy, although Hitler is viewed as the supreme male supremacist. He stated in 1934: ‘We National Socialists have for years guarded against the intrusion of women into political life. We do not consider it right that women should intrude into the world of men.’13 But men and women being different was incompatible with Nazi doctrine. They viewed all human beings as undifferentiated cogs in a great social machine.
From his first day in power Hitler pursued two contradictory policies. The first proclaimed that women belonged in the home. Simultaneously, the second created a revolutionary social order, where gender roles and classes would be eliminated.
Hitler’s equal gender military began as a function of Germany’s national education system and a government bureau called the ‘Labour Service.’ It would fulfill the revolution of a nation without class or difference. Incorporating both boys and girls, the Labour Service overcame class conflicts by having, for instance, the children of a corporate director and the children of a common worker wear the same uniform and eat the same food at the same table. The Labour Service dissolved gender difference by having men and women live and work in the same way.14
Constantin Hierl, a retired army officer, headed the Labour Service. In 1935 he declared that it was mandatory for men and women to join in order to gain college admission. And what did the Labour Service teach? Nazi ideology, of course, and the ethos of war. for women it taught a new kind of morality befitting the ‘New Social Order.’ One Labour Service girl member recounted: ‘An important person would speak on racial problems and on raising the birth rate. We were told to prepare for motherhood and rear the new generation. These lessons created many illegitimate children, bom
The one-gender military ideal is really the cult of physical and spiritual death, debasing Western social and religious civilization.
Voi.. 8 •No. 2
at the Hitler Youth Home. The girls felt they had done their duty and were remarkably unconcerned about the scandal.’ 15
Constantin Hierl said: ‘The Labour Service and the Wehrmacht (the armed forces) are the essential educational institutions. This compelled all girls under 25 to perform one year of military service.16 Thus, one girl described her pre-war experience in the Labour Service as being ‘crammed with marches with heavy packs. We marched up and down like soldiers, with a girl leader barking orders like a regimental sergeant-major.’17 A Nazi spokesman said: ‘Girls must be educated as Spartans in the Labour Service. They must be accustomed to the palliasee (straw mattress), to renounce all cosmetics, to wear simple dress that makes individual coquetishness impossible, in order to be wholly
hardened.’ 18 In 1939, before the war, the Nazis mapped out military plans including preparations for a unified effort by all German women. This meant that 8 million boys and girls, aged ten to seventeen, were compelled to join various Nazi youth organizations. The German newspaper, ‘Frankfurter Zeitung,’ called upon this reserve to ‘take its place in the country’s military program, shoulder-to-shoulder with the regular armed forces and the Labour Service. Germany’s enemies have no such army.’ 19 By 1942, ‘politically reliable’ women (meaning Nazi Party members) could achieve at least a lieutenant’s rank in a combat zone unit. Many were assigned to Army Group South on the Russian front. The German High Command did not officially recognize their existence. During the Soviet winter encirclement at Stalingrad, most of these women were captured, killed or froze to death. In February 1943, after the fall of Stalingrad, Hitler spoke at the Berlin Sportspalast. He asked the audience a series of questions as a plebescite. One question was: ‘Do you want the government to see to it that you German women too, give your whole strength to the war effort?’ The answer was affirmative. 20 Afterward, more women moved closer to a combat role. Some were designated ‘News Assistants’ to disguise their assignment to forward positions as engineers, a role that required them to build bridges and clear mines while under enemy fire. This job has the highest casualty rate percentage in ail the armed forces.21
Then the following ambiguous edict actually meant that women could now pass the combat medical and fitness tests; ‘All individuals not involved in critical military work are to be drafted without regard to age or medical qualifications. Fitness criteria are to be simplified.’22
25 Southern hrents
Vol. 8 • No. 2
By 1944 all young women were enlisted. One Hundred Fifty Thousand of them manned searchlight and antiaircraft positions. These were combat roles. Allied bombers specifically attacked these emplacements. Women commanded the batteries and were officially designated ‘Flak Leaders,’ a military title.23
In October 1944 a quarter million German women were assigned combat zone duty. This was during some of the most desperate fighting of the war.24 Then Hitler ordered the formation of all-women battalions in the final stages of the war. They were slaughtered in the defense of Berlin.25
The Third Reich: A One-Gender Homosexual Society
The legends say that in the 7th century BC, Lycurgus began the transformation of Sparta from a land of wealth, culture and great poets, into a war machine. It took at least a century for the one-gender homosexual warrior vision to become fixed.
The Third Reich was pointing in the same direction but only survived for twelve years.
Before the Nazis took over the German State, Gregor Strasser was the second most important person behind Hitler. Starting out as a stormtrooper in 1922, he eventually became Propaganda Chief of the National Socialists, formulating and disseminating its ideology.
Strasser, Hitler and most of the other major characters in the Nazi inner circle shared one common experience. They had been ‘frontline swine’ in the 1914 war. This dominated their political outlook.
Strasser believed that the comradeship of the trenches could be translated into a true National Socialist community in civilian life. He said: ‘The coming dictatorship will be a dictatorship of the front soldiers... In the war it became clear to me; with a person who one understands absolutely, and with whom one has thrown back one hundred attacks, must we become deadly enemies on account of different economic interests?’26
The classless state of war and its supposed unity and spiritual closeness as a metaphor for the new social order, was a major Nazi ideological theme. It contains the basis of the Spartan warrior homosexual ethic.
Gregor Strasser was assassinated in the famous Ernst Roehm purge,* the ‘Night of the Long knives,’ in 1934. Both men hoped to overthrow Hitler. Boehm and Strasser felt the Fuhrer had compromised the Nazi revolutionary principle that all citizens, male and female, were ‘political soldiers.’27 Roehm was Chief of Staff. He headed the S.A. stormtroopers. He lived the Spartan ideal. A life-long professional soldier, he had a bullet-scarred face to prove it. T love war and unrest more
Stocks versus Gold & Silver,
June 7,2001 - March 3,2003
<SILVER
<Nsmoo
NSD100
Seriesl
49.5%
NSDGom
41.7%
S&P500
-35.0%
V\*lsi5000
-33.2%
EJIA
-26.7%
GOLD
313%
SILVER
7.9%
“One Graph is worth 1,000
words
99
-Franklin Sanders
The Moneychanger Gold & Silver Investments P O Box 178 Westpoint, TN 38486 (888) 218-9226
email: moneychanger@compuserve.com website: www.the-moneychanger.com
than good bourgeois order.’ His notorious homosexuality with his stormtroopers was due to his belief in the comradeship and intimate trust with his fellow warriors. He was influential among the rank-and-file Nazis. His homosexual life-style spread throughout the party.28
After Roehm was killed in his failed coup, Hitler said over national radio: ‘It is not only terrible that he (Roehm) himself should violate all laws of decency and modest behavior, but it is still worse that now this poison began to spread in ever-widening circles.’29 Conclusion
Simon de Beauvoir, the famous writer and feminist, graphically expressed how the one-gender military ideal is really the cult of physical and spiritual death, debasing western social and religious civilization. She does not seem to realize that men and women have a more noble purpose to fulfill than butchering their fellow human beings. ‘The warrior put his life in jeopardy to elevate the prestige of’ the clan. In this he proves dramatically that life is not the supreme value for man, but on the contrary, that it should serve ends more important than itself. The worst curse that was laid upon women was that she should be excluded from those warlike forays, for it is not in the giving of life but in risking life that man is raised above the animal. That is why superiority has been accorded in humanity, not the sex that brings forth life but to that which kills.’30 John Chodes is a former Chair of the League of the South s New York chapter. He is also an author and playwright who often writes on military issues. Endnotes
1.	Helen Rogan, Women in the Modern Army (New York: G. Putnam and Sons, 1981) pp. 63 - 75.
2.	For the exact legislative language of Title IX
(‘Prohibition of Sex Discrimination’) of the Education Amendments, see Mary Ellen Verheyden-Hilliard, A Handbook on Sex Equality in Education (Washington D.C.:	American	Personnel	and	Guidande
Association, 1976) p. 37.
3.	Plato, The Republic, translated by Desmond Lee (Middle-sex England: Penguin books, 1955) from the introduction, IX.
4.	Elizabeth Mann Borgeses, The Ascent of Women (New York: George Braziler, 1963) p.120.
5.	Plato, p. 174.
6.	John Addington Symonds, Male Love: A Problem of Greek Ethics (New York: Pagan Press, 1983 centennial edition) p. 13.
7.	Plato, Symposium, translated by Benjamin Jowett (Indianapolis: The Bobbs-Merrill Co., 1948) p. 20.
8.	Dr. Ruth Bleier, Science and Gender (New v
Pergamon Press, 1984) p. 1-14.	0r^:
9.	Carol Gould and Mark Wartofsky, Women Qn(, Philosophy (New York: Capricorn books, 1976) pp.
129.
10.	Verheyden-Hilliard, p. 17.
11.	Ibid., p. 21.
12.	‘Sex Education in Perspective - Guidelines for Program Development and Implementation’ (Harrisburg: Bureau of Curriculum, Pennsylvania Department of Education, 1973) p. 13.
13.	A Guirdham, Revolt Against Pity (London : bognnor, Regis and Loudon, J. Crowther Ltd., 1943) p. 7.
14.	David Schoenbaum, Hitler’s Social Revolution-Class and Status in Nazi Germany 1933 -1939 (Garden City: Doubleday, 1967) p. 44.
15.	George Mosse, Nazi Culture - Intellectual, Cultural and Social Life in the Third Reich (New York: Groset
and Dunlop, 1966) p. 277.
16.	Schoenbaum, pp. 45 and 204.
17.	Mosse, p. 277.
18.	Rolf Tell, Nazi Guide to Nazi ism, (Washington DC: American Council on Public Affairs, 1942) p. 84.
19.	E. Y. Hartshome, German Youth and the Nazi Dream of Victory, No. 12 in a series of books entitled ‘American In A World War’ (New York: Farrar and Rinehart, 1941)
p. 80.
20.	Harrington McHandle, ‘Cities of Destruction - A Study of National Socialist Ideology And Its Influence On the German War Effort, 1939 to 1945 ’ (Minneapolis, University of Minnesota doctoral thesis, 1957) p. 241.
21.	Marlis Steinert, Hitler’s War and the Germans -Public Mood and Attitude During the Second World War (Athens: Ohio University Press, 1977) p. 200.
22.	Ibid., p. 228.
23.	Earl Beck, Under the bombs - The German Home Front, 1942 -1945 (Lexington- University Press of Kentucky, 1986) pp. 113-165.
24.	Ibid., p. 155.
25.	Hugh Trevor-Roper, editor, ‘The Goebbeis Diaries’ (London: Martin Seeker and Warburg Ltd., 1976) P. 41.
26.	Peter Stachura, Gregor Strasser and the Rise of Naziism (London: George Allen and Unwin, 1983) pp. 13, 15.
27.	Ibid., pp. 103-120.
28.	Louis L. Snyder, Encyclopaedia of the Third Reich (New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1976) pp. 297-298.
29.	Adolf Hitler, ‘My New Order,’ speeches edited by Raoul de Roussy de Sales (New York: Regnal and Hitchcock, 1941) p. 265.
30.	Rogan, pp. 295-296.
Child to the Waters
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 21)
After more of this Odell replies, ‘And this, then, Mother, this, the place I live, is it not my home? The books I read to children on my knee, the clothes in closet, talk I hear, songs sung, not my own?’
The fields were taken for the strangers’ own, she tells him, and the books, the songs, the clothes are ‘truly foreign to your soul.’
Odell laments his loss, realizes he has filled his emptiness with getting and spending, pleasures and all. He asks her ‘Ah, Mother, true, I must know all, though knowing might now blast the eyes. What can I do; what must I know?’
What was her answer, and the rest of the story? You’ll have to buy the book and read it to find out. As tempted as I am to summarize or insert those next two brilliant pages here. I’m not going to, because I don’t want to spoil your reading of the whole story, from beginning to end. It is just too great a read.
Child to the Waters should be read aloud to be fully enjoyed. Buy this book. Many of the stories are short enough even for the little one’s attention span, so you can read it to your children and grandchildren.
As you read, you may find, as Kibler ends his prelude: ‘And a river of memory wells up from the dried riverbed to whisper distinctly the ghosts of its waves. Listen. It speaks the swirl of a new-risen wind.’
Mr Nat Rudulph is the editor of Southern Events.
'We need intimate knowledge of the past. Not that the past has any magic about it, but because we cannot study the future, and yet need something to set against the present, to remind us that the basic assumptions have been quite different in different periods and that much which seems certain to the uneducated is merely temporary fashion. A man who has lived in many places is not likely to be deceived by the local errors of his native village: the scholar has lived in many times and is therefore in some degree immune from the great cataract of nonsense that pours from the press and the microphone of his own age.'
- C. S. Lewis, 'Learning in War-Time,' in The Weight of Glory.
The Land We Love
by Father Abraham Ryan
Land of the gentle and brave!
Our love is as wide as thy woe;
It deepens beside every grave Where the heart of a hero lies low.
Land of the sunniest skies!
Our love glows the more for thy gloom;
Our hearts, by the saddest of ties.
Cling closest to thee in thy doom.
Land where the desolate weep In a sorrow no voice may console!
Our tears are but streams, making deep The ocean of love in our soul.
Land where the victor’s flag waves.
Where only the dead are free!
Each link of the chain that enslaves But binds us to them and to thee.
Land where the Sign of the Cross Its shadow hath everywhere shed!
We measure our love by thy loss,
Thy loss by the graves of our dead!
Father Abraham Ryan was known as the Poet Laureate of the Confederacy. During 'Beast' Butler's occupation of New Orleans, Butler called on Father Ryan after it was reported that Ryan said to his congregation that he would not give a burial for a single Yankee. Father Ryan said, 'Why, General, I would be more than happy to buiy ALL the Yankees in New Orleans.'
His poetry was published in several volumes including Father Ryan’s Poems. Through the end of his life he offered no apologies for the South and never conceded anything to the conquering North. He died on 22 April 1886 - a priest, a Confederate, and a poet.