Vol. 6 No. 4
Unreconstructed
Last Issue of 2001
OU
ern
Events

The Dangers of False Patriotism
by Steve Wilkins
In the public square there is an identification being made between those who hold historic Christianity and fanatical Muslim terrorists. Biblical Christians are being linked in the national psyche with murderous Muslims. Both are seen as equally dangerous and equally unwelcome.
The only religion that will be tolerated today is the religion of toleration— which is tolerant of everything except biblical Christianity. Christians who believe the Bible are going to be forced to recant, compromise, lie, or face the hatred of the citizenry. What has happened to Pastor Jerry Falwell illustrates this. Mr Falwell had the audacity to suggest that the terrorist attack could be God’s judgment upon us for our sins (and he made the mistake of identifying some of them, homosexuality, immorality, abortion, feminism, etc.). (Entire article on page 18)
Why Should God Bless America?
by Wayne Carlson
IVIany people today, even well meaning Christians, act as though we all still live under a government guided by Christianity. But the Saviour of mankind, who died on a cross for our sins, was noticeably absent in the invocations uttered in the National Cathedral in Washington DC, just days after the attack on 11 September. (Entire article on page 16)
Fool’s Gold - One Man’s SPLC Hell! -by John Hall, Jr. (p.8)
Super Profitable Lawsuit Center Celling Smugness* (p.6)
Review of Mike Grissom’s New Book by William Cawthon
(an The South Survive? It will enrage a liberal on every page, (p.20)
Southern Events looks at 9/11 (Three views: pages 11-13)
‘The Bloody Cost of Empire’ by Joe Scotchie; ‘Southern Loyalty and Islamic Resentment’ by Nat Rudulph; ‘The Great Patriotic War* by Mike Tuggle
Protesting Morris Dees (Successfully!)
by Mike Tuggle
In suburban Charlotte, NC, a local bookstore was unwittingly promoting the Southern Poverty Law Center, a so-called ‘civil rights’ organisation founded by Morris Dees. This is the same Dees described in Harper’s Magazine as ‘the Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker of the civil rights movement.’ The Harper’s article (Nov. 2000) revealed that Dees’ ‘Teaching Tolerance’ program is part of his ‘relentless fund-raising campaign, peddling memberships in the church of tolerance with all the zeal of a circuit rider passing the collection plate.’ Harper’s found that these tactics have made the SPLC one of the most profitable charities in the country. (Continued on page 4)
Vol. 6* No. 4
2 Southern Events'
Southern Events
€> 2002 All rights reserved. Southern Events is published quarterly by the Alabama League of the South. Articles may be reproduced (in entirety only) if credit is given to the author and Southern Events along with this line: ‘Subscriptions $15 yearly, P O Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517.’ Articles express the opinion of the writer and are not necessarily League positions nor the positions of this journal. Ad rates are $80 full page, $50 half, $30 quarter. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Also known as Oxford Standard or British Orthography, it was commonly used in antebellum Dixie prior to the loss of self-rule and the ensuing cultural ruin.
Protests Continue Against Rewriting History at the First Capitol of the CSA. The proposed project would extend the Capitol Grounds to reach where Martin Luther King spoke on Bainbridge Street at the end of the 1965 Selma to Montgomery march. After this extension the rewriters will claim King spoke on the Capitol Grounds, then apply for National Historic Landmark status. They will then erect pictures and monuments to march leaders both inside and outside the Capitol. It is now solely designated as a National Historic Landmark as the Birthplace of the CSA. The best solution is passage of the Monument Protection Bill that Representative Bob McKee will introduce in the next Legislative Session.
Alabama’s Legislature Poised to Go Pro-Battleflag with the change of a couple of votes, Roger Broxton,of the Confederate Heritage Fund said, ‘For 4 years we’ve fought an uphill battle in the Legislature, because not enough money was available to win at election time. The CHF does not give money to politicians. We produce and place our own advertising exposing the candidates’ position to voters. We are State-registered and non-profit with no salaries and little overhead; donations go directly to elect or unseat these politicians.’ The CHF address is P O Box 771, Andalusia, AL 36420; the website is www.confederateheritage.org
New Chairman of the Alabama League of the South. Steve Fitts of Selma said he will be bringing new strategies in the state, and commended the work of the outgoing chairman, Ken McGhee for adding many new chapters.
H. K. Edgerton, a Black Supporter of Confederate Heritage, and board member of the SLRC, spoke to the board of the Lawrence County school system in Moulton, Alabama in January in defence of the 19 students who were suspended in October for wearing Confederate symbols. Edgerton said, T want to teach our students, who share the same ancestry as I do, about the honour and dignity that black folks earned under the Confederacy. ... I am a Confederate Southern American, and proud of that fact.'
Tim Meadows of Mobile Arrested for Displaying a Battle Flag at the Veterans Day parade after authorities had forbidden its display. The SLRC is preparing a lawsuit against the city of Mobile, the Veteran’s Day Commission, and VP Richard Cashdollar for violating Meadow’s rights.
Wyatt Willis Arrested at the Capitol For Displaying Alabama Flag. The Prattville League member and SCV brigade commander went there in December to hold a vigil protesting that no Alabama flags, only US flags were on the state Christmas tree. Police told Willis to move, he refused, and was jailed for disorderly conduct. Willis says the arresting officer told him that Gov. Siegelman ordered the arrest. Siegelman denied knowing anything about it.
Ethics Complaint Lodged Against Selma City Council Member Who Voted to Dishonour Forrest. Ms Jean Martin was charged with voting on matters affecting her employment and security. She claimed it was retaliation for casting the deciding vote and for being the only white Council member to vote to move the Forrest monument. She is employed by the city at the Old Depot Museum, under the Mayor, who wanted the statue removed.
Texas Compatriots Are Holding a Vigil on every 2nd & 4th Saturday in front of the Texas Supreme Court Building on the Capitol grounds to continue the protest against the July 2000 removal of the Confederate plaques.
Georgia’s ’Project Wave’ Erects Real Georgia Flags on 24 foot poles across the state. Anyone can sponsor one for the material cost of $33.00 each. Send your donation to SCV Camp 1639, Project Wave, P O Box 2082, Mableton, GA 30126. www.southemmessenger.org/flag_poles.htm.
Georgia League Member to Run For State Senate. Georgia LS Board member James Gamer will oppose state Sen. Nathan Dean, who was one of the Scalawags who voted to change the state flag in 2001.
Posse Comitatus Act May be Repealed. Bush has recently discussed asking Congress to repeal the act, passed in 1878 at the end of Reconstruction. It forbids using American military as a domestic police force.
Gun Control Book Fraud. Last year's award-winning Arming America: The Origins of the National Gun Culture by Emory professor Michael Bellesiles was hailed by gun control freaks. Turns out it was full of completely fabricated evidence. The New York Times called it ‘one of the worst academic scandals in years.’
University of West Florida Campus Gestapo Manhandles Retiree Upon Signal From Morris Dees by Connie Ward
Pensacola (SNS) — Two University of West Florida policemen physically removed a Southern heritage advocate from a reception after a speech by Dees.
(Continued on page 4)
Southern Events
Vol. 6 • No. 4
My ‘High’ Dive Into Country Music
by James Butler
Ok, I confess. I’m a rock ‘n roller. The night those English boys played on that strange Irishman’s show, Sullivan, I picked up a guitar and haven’t put it down since.
The British Invasion was what you might call my cultural awakening. I was vaguely aware that there was something called country music, but us city boy rockers were above that. We were part of a musical revolution, you see. We looked down on country music from on high.
Now, I’m not talking drugs. I never ran into that. Never found the sexual revolution either. I guess we were too busy putting on rock operas to have a good time.
Anyway, after about 1967 rock went decidedly down hill. Not that I noticed it much at the time. I continued to ‘progress’ with rock music for some years. Then I gave up on finding anything new worth playing or hearing.
Me and a lot of other folks. There’s way more oldies and classic rock stations on the radio nowadays than contemporary rock or pop. But they are mind-numbingly repetitious. The never ending rotation of a couple dozen ‘classics’ is like water torture.
Looking for some relief, I checked out a contemporary country station. I liked it! For about a week. Then the sheer repetition of the latest twelve hits sent me fumbling for the dial, back to the land of doo-wop, Paul Simon and dirty white boys.
Even so, I was impressed with my first serious brush with country. To use an old college term, it was life-affirming. Songs about the fields, rivers and forests of the South. Songs honouring fathers and mothers. Songs about loving your neighbour, keeping your word, and being faithful.
Quite a switch from the raunch ‘n roll packaged out of London, New York and LA! I was beginning to notice the essential goodness of country music. Southern music. The music of my own People.
Then one day I was shootin’ at some food. (Actually I was hog hunting, having begun to occasionally trade out my gee-tar for a rifle). I came out of the woods and turned on the radio. The dial came up on WYAM Pure Country. Old country!
And there it was again, the music of the South shining like a white church against the materialist gloom of ‘American culture’.
Songs about how it’s better to be poor and in love in Dixie than ‘rich’ anywhere else. Songs in praise of farm life, marriage, family, Jesus. There’s even a song praising
virginity and one that warns against drunk driving. Imagine Led Zeppelin singing about abstinence and moderation!
No chance, of course, seeing as how ‘rock ‘n roll’ had long become the voice of‘liberation’ and consumerism for the 60’s, Pepsi, Blank, .com and X generations.
Sure, country has its drinkin’ and cheatin’ songs. But they’re uplifting too, seeing as how all the ciyin’ is founded, after all, in religion. A lot of New Country sounds like Fleetwood Mac with a fiddle, but there’s still some fine songs. And compared to the to the urban Styx that rock has become, country remains as refreshing as a clear, cool Alabama stream.
Now my radio is set to Pure Country. No more Frankie Valli! No more Supremes! No more Norman Greenbaum!
When I consider the destructive powers arrayed against the South, I think of country music and the millions of Southerners who are heirs to that great tradition. In country music, and in Southern culture, are the seeds of a real Revolution.
Mr James Butler of Huntsville, Alabama is a Musician, Songwriter, and Regular Contributor to Southern Events.
MUSIC TO ABJURE THE REALM BY
Basic Gray's new CD now available! 14 original compositions by Larry Smith & Nat Rudulph
What kind of music is it? Alternative Folk. 'Folk' means not made by professionals, but it is defined as 'music made and handed down among the common people.'
It is 'Alternative' because it is neither the music of the 1960s-70s called 'Folk' (which was often a creation of professional writers), nor is it re-enactment music.
The instruments are Southern traditional, including the guitar(6 and 12 string), mandolin, banjo, harmonica, flute, dulcimer, jew's harp, and Celtic cooter shell.
It is for our people today. A part of reclaiming our culture is abjuring the realm artistically, and this music does that.
Basic Gray: For the Past, the Future, the Truth includes:	
-Cracker's Last Stand	-Southern Man
-Our Father's Fields	-Towers of Sorrow
-Something That Lasts	-Flowers of Evil
-Have You Counted the Cost?	-Tannehill
-When the South Has Risen Again	-Tablets of Stone
-Weather Is Changing	-Permanent Things
-Carpenter's Helper	-Flag
$15.00 ea.+ $1.75 shipping (cheque or money order) Allow 4-6 weeks for delivery to Basic Gray P. O. Box 1875,
Panama City, Florida 32402
SPLC GESTAPO TACTICS (Cont. from p. 2)
Dees, attorney and co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center was in Pensacola as part of the university’s John Pace Symposium Series.
An estimated 300 people, most of them baby-boomer-age UWF alumni, along with a dozen or two current students, attended the speech in the centre for Fine and Performing Arts. A handful of Southern heritage activists was also on hand to monitor any misrepresentation of their movement by Dees and to distribute copies of The First Freedom, an alternative newspaper published in Baldwin County, Alabama.
At the reception afterward, held in the Fine Arts building lobby, Olaf Childress, editor of The First Freedom, approached Dees for an interview. Childress said he had asked only one question when Dees poked him in the chest with a finger and the policemen, instantly and in tandem, as if they had been signaled, grabbed Childress and removed him from the building.
Tommie Lyn Blackburn, a Southern heritage advocate, was an eyewitnesses to part of the incident and reported that the two campus policemen had Childress by the arms and were shoving him backwards.
They shoved him backwards through the lobby and pushed him into the door to open it, and continued to shove him out to the sidewalk in front of the building. I couldn’t believe those two young, strapping campus cops would physically manhandle an older gentleman like that,' Blackburn said.
Outside, Childress attempted to ascertain why he had been removed. One campus policeman said Childress had 'caused a disturbance,' but refused to elaborate or say anything further whatever.
'1 said something about getting the cops’ names off their badges,' said Blackburn, 'and this guy crossed his arms and kept hunching them up higher and higher so you couldn’t see his name plate.'
The two policemen who had manhandled Childress out of the lobby, a third which arrived on the scene after the removal incident, and a probable plain-clothes security officer of unknown affiliation who appeared to be monitoring the situation, refused to answer any further questions from Childress or any of his compatriots who had gathered in front of the building.
A Southern heritage advocate who asked not to be identified reported that she pointedly asked each security person in turn to relate what had taken place inside, and to identify Childress’s transgression.
'They would just look all around, like they hadn’t seen or heard me- like they didn’t even know I was there. I
said, “My gosh, has everybody suddenly gone deaf?” and one campus cop finally looked at me, shrugged and said, I just got here. I wasn’t in there when it happened, so I don’t know what happened.'
Childress repeated his conversation with Dees for his compatriots. 'I said to Morris Dees, “Sir, I was in Montgomery, Alabama yesterday with a heritage group, celebrating the secession of Alabama from the Union in 1861, across the street from your huge palace where you’ve made a lot of money in this tolerance game,”' Childress said. 'I told him, “I love the people in this hall is much as you. Therefore, my question is, why do you continually attack us Southern heritage groups and try to make it out that we are racists, when we are not racists?”'
The unidentified compatriot said, 'I wanted to ask the campus cops about that. Is asking a question now the same thing as causing a disturbance? But while Mr. Childress was relating his encounter with Dees, the campus cops quietly slipped away.'
That signaled an end to the incident.
'There weren’t any injuries or arrests and only two casualties,' said the anonymous Southron. 'The truth and the first amendment.'
Ms Connie Ward is the publisher and editor of 180 Degrees True South and The Southern News Service. She is a former staff writer for The Florida Sun, and a member of The League of the South.
Protesting Morris Dees Successfully
(Continued from page 1) by Mike Tuggle
IVIorris Dees’ deceptive advertising was right there on the front window of a Charlotte book store! Unsuspecting shoppers were being exposed to the propaganda of what civil rights attorney Stephen Bright called ‘a fraud and a conman.’ Dees and his lawyers smear Southern Heritage groups as — you guessed it — racist!
3 Southern IE vents
Vol. 6 * Mo. 4
In the Southern Poverty Law Center’s Summer 2000 Intelligence Report, the Southern Heritage movement is said to have ‘links to militias and other antigovemment “Patriot” groups. But what may be most remarkable of all is the way that racism, a visceral dislike for black people, has come to characterize the movement.’ As proof, the Intelligence Report says this of the Sons of Confederate Veterans: ‘... it has also had, and still does have, a number of prominent members with white supremacist leanings.’
‘In 1996, Peter W. Orlebeke, the SCV’s then-leader, said that slavery could be defended biblically, and wasn’t really so bad ...’ (So, if you read the Bible’s statements on slavery literally, you are promoting ‘white supremacy.’ But what kind of group with so many alleged ‘white supremacists’ has black members and black speakers at its meetings?)
The SPLC’s exposd on each group within the Southern movement said this about the United Daughters of the Confederacy: ‘Although the UDC promotes an image of genteel Southern ladies concerned only with honoring their ancestors ... its publications sometimes belie that benign appearance. In a 1989 article in UDC Magazine, for instance, Walter W. Lee argued that “the enslaved African lived an idyllic existence in an unspoiled Disneyland, complete with self-mowing lawns.’”
Now, how does publishing a saccharine view of plantation life make the UDC guilty of having ‘a visceral dislike for black people’? Morris Dees and company would have you believe they have uncovered bloodthirsty attitudes hidden beneath the UDC’s respectable shawl.
It was in response to these and other unfair characterizations that Charlotte SCV members Terry and Lisle Crayton and Mike Tuggle presented a petition to the management of the bookstore. The petition bore the signatures of more than 130 SCV members and read: Please stop supporting Morris Dees We the undersigned hereby request that you remove the advertising from your store entrance for Morris Dees’ inflammatory and grossly unfair fundraising scheme called ‘Teaching Tolerance.’ As exposed in the November 2000 issue of Harper’s Magazine, Dees has been condemned as a ‘fraud and a conman’ who uses scare tactics and McCarthyism to make himself rich.
We, the undersigned, are all members and supporters of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, one of several respectable Southern Heritage groups falsely accused of racism by Morris Dees. We are strictly a heritage organisation, we cherish our history, and we buy many books. Please consider our request to remove the advertising for Dees’ money-making scheme from your
store. Thank you.
Our meeting with the book store management was polite but to the point. We presented the petition, showed them the names and addresses it contained, and gave them a copy of the Harper’s article. Finally, we were direct about the reason we had approached them: we believed they were inadvertently supporting a group that had unfairly characterised all Southern Heritage organisations and the Southern people. The management of the book store assured us they did not ‘intend to promote any organisation that maligned any group of people,’ and promised to take up the matter with the owners.
A few days later... the advertising had been removed! What the Southern Poverty Law Center does is no different from what other liberal agitators do — they promote racial-divisiveness for their own private gain. The politicians keep black and white Southerners divided and weak, thereby more easily manipulated, while people like Morris Dees exploit this divisiveness for money.
Gloria Browne, a lawyer who resigned from the SPLC along with many staff in the late 1980’s told reporters that the Center’s programs were calculated to cash in on ‘black pain and white guilt.’
Think Ms Browne’s characterization is unfair? Here’s a quote from the Southern Poverty Law Center web site: ‘As a white Southerner for eight generations, my heritage is the Confederate past,’ says Yale history professor Glenda Gilmore. ‘My ancestors fought for the Confederacy and owned slaves. But I know that my heritage is based on hate, on the hatred that grew from owning other human beings and fighting one’s countrymen for the right to own those human beings.’ So there you have it—it’s not just particular Southern organisations; all Southerners share a heritage ‘based on hate.’ If you are white and Southern, you are guilty of hatred. If you are black, you are a passive, helpless victim. But Mr Dees has a cure. To quote the Harper’s article again, ‘In the eyes of Morris Dees, we’re all sinners, all victims, and all potential contributors.’
If we are truly serious about solving the racial problems we face in this country, then exposing and discrediting those who would profit from unrest should be our top priority. Identify those businesses that promote Morris Dees and his ‘Poverty Palace’ with free advertising. Draw up your own petition. Approach your compatriots, friends, and church members, and ask them to sign your petition. Then let these local business owners know that all Southerners of all races are tired of race-based hustling and Politically Correct McCarthyism.
Mr Mike Tuggle is the North Carolina League of the South chairman, and a regular contributor to SE.
Selling Smugness(TM)
Fighting hatred and intolerance... one million-dollar lawsuit at a time
Another altruistic service from the morally pure folks at the Super Profitable Lawsuit Center(TM}
only one color matters to us . $$$$$GREEN$$$$$
EXPOSING THE HATE!
Your handy-dandy visual guide to hate crimes across the country..._
Explanation of HATE crimes depicted on map:
“ indicates states where Nielsen ratings for ‘Friends’ went down after black character added to cast indicates states where two or more Bibles are found in some homes
indicates states where interracial marriage rate is less than 5% of total number of marriages
0 shows states where Confederate flags have been sighted on passing vehicles or in museums
K shows areas where the KKK has at least .0000001% of the political influence of the NAACP (none located yet, but with your continued financial support, we’ll find ‘em!)
7 Southern Events
Vol. 6 • AJo. 4
And now, a testimonial from one of America’s caring educators ... on the value of Selling Smugness(TM)
My name is Lucretia Snott-Head. I teach Radical Queer and Lesbian studies to 6th graders. For most of the school year, these lily-white, ethnocentric, racist larvae simply ignored me as a role model.
I am an HIV-positive, hunchbacked lesbian witch with a masters degree in Afro-centrism--everything these pygmy white supremacists need. But I couldn't get through to them. Here's what one future male oppressor turned in when I assigned the class to write a paper entitled, "A Critical Self-Analysis of the Exploitative Patriarchal Hierarchy":

y
‘My Dad took me fishing this weekend, and we spent the day at Tuckertown Dam trolling for catfish. I caught a 20 pounder, & Dad helped me pull him in the boat. Then he showed me how to gut it & clean it...
s---- ----1-------------------------------;--------------------------
Isn't that sad? I was getting nowhere! The anti-progressive attitudes of the past were planting themselves in a new generation. Finally, my gay shaman told me about the "Selling Smugness" program offered by the Super Profitable Lawsuit Center. I made the principal's life pure hell until we mandated it at the school. After only two months of intense re-education, the children learned how much fun arrogant self-righteousness can be! Here's a paper from the same little boy after taking the "Selling Smugness" program:
\___________________________;________________________________________
‘THEY tried to get me to go to something THEY called a “family reunion,” which is a code word for an exclusivist, lily-white enclave. But I did just like Uncle Mo told me, and squinted my eyes, raised my head up, and announced that I did not attend segregated social functions. 1 put on my FUBU shirt and went out with my friends instead, who are much more diverse than the racist holdover THEY call a ‘family.’
See? It works! With "Selling Smugness" we can eradicate every vestige of hate and genocide and individuality in this country—and the Super Profitable Lawsuit Center can add to its meager $120 million bank account!
Thanks to the North Carolina League of the South: www.tarheels.com



Fool’s Gold
A Chilling First Hand Account Of One Man Being Terrorized By the US Government; The Perils of the FBI and Justice Department’s Relationship With the SPLC
by John C. Hall I Jr.
Recently in the press there have been quite a few references to what are being called ‘Domestic Hate Groups.’ In light of the 9/11 terrorist attacks many Americans are willing to get behind the ‘War on Terrorism’ by taking information coming from the Southern Poverty Law Center or ‘SPLC’ as if it were as the Gospel. I for one am all for getting the bad guys, but based on my personal experiences, the public should temper their current Patriotism with a little skepticism when it comes to relying on the SPLC. The problem is that the Justice Department and FBI are relying on the SPLC as if they were a credible source.
The SPLC is a so-called civil Rights organisation founded in 1971 by Morris Dees and Joe Levin, and based in Montgomery,
Alabama. The organisation’s founders were actively involved in the Civil Rights movement of the early 1960s. Its first President was Julian Bond, who is now Chairman of the NAACP.
However, the perceived public need for the SPLC’s kind of activism in regards to civil rights has passed with the implementation of equal rights laws all across the American Continent over the past 40 years. As with any organisation that has outlived its original purpose, the SPLC in recent years has tried to find a way to justify its continuance. The SPLC strategy to accomplish this has been to position itself as a supposed ‘watchdog for America.’ It has been actively working with the Justice department and the FBI (A holdover from the Clinton era) in an effort to keep track of various so-called ‘Domestic Hate Groups.’
A part of the recent effort by the SPLC has been to include a new category in what it has determined are ‘Domestic Hate Groups,’ called the Neo-Confederates. Beginning with the SPLC’s Summer quarter of 2000 magazine known as the ‘Intelligence Project’ the SPLC
has sought to deem all groups which express any interest or advocacy of Southern Heritage or Southern Rights as a part of these alleged ‘Domestic Hate Groups.’ Of course, the SPLC is not really helping to identify those who are a threat to the country, but merely trying to silence what it perceives as an ideological threat to its own existence.
Approximately 10 years ago I became involved in what I like to call the Southern Heritage Movement. This Movement arose in part because of the NAACP’s efforts to remove the Confederate Battle Flag from all public properties (begun by a 1991 resolution passed at the NAACP’s National Convention). I joined several organisations at that time, including the League of the South, and I am still a member. The League has been prominently mentioned in the recent press reports regarding ‘Domestic Hate Groups.’
As my involvement has grown over the years, I have had several events happen that made me a personal target of the SPLC, Justice Department and the FBI. The first of these was in Atlanta where I live in the Suburbs. After the 1996 Olympic bombing at Centennial Park I was paid a visit by two FBI agents at my home. A male and female agent came to my house each with weapons attached to question me about a letter I had written the
Wall Street Journal regarding the Olympic Torch Run. I had written the letter which basically said ‘Wait until the Torch gets to Atlanta and see what we have for the Olympics.’ As many Southerners know, the 1996 Olympics did not allow any Confederate Symbols or Culture including the Georgia State Flag be a part of the Games.
The FBI wanted to know what I meant in my letter and I must say I was shocked that a simple letter would cause such a reaction. I proceeded to inform them that I helped coordinate an effort across the South and in Georgia to have Southerners display Confederate Flags in communities where the Torch was passing through. Many of those who participated dressed in Confederate Uniforms and Bell Dresses. The idea was to put a little South into the Games that was sorely missing. I went on to bring out a large set of files showing my communications and plans along the Torch’s path. The FBI agents left knowing they didn’t have the Centennial Park Bomber.
The second event that occurred was when the FBI again visited me at my place of business in the Summer of2000. Once again two agents from the FBI showed up. This time they wanted to know why I was organising a protest
As my involvement has grown over the years, I have had several events happen that made me a personal target of the SPLC, Justice Department and the FBI.
Q Southern Events
Vol. 6 • ATo. 4
I told them I had grown tired of the NAACP using Tax Free money to wreak havoc on Southern States such as South Carolina, Mississippi and Georgia; each of which displayed a Confederate flag in either its State flag or on top of its Capital. I also told them I was proud of my Great-Great-Grandfather Captain Stephan Alphestus Corker of the Third Georgia and him leading the 3rd Georgia’s charge at Gettysburg! After hearing my answer, snooping around my office and asking me if I owned any weapons; they left. Later at the NAACP convention we went on to having a peaceful protest.
Soon after the NAACP convention the SPLC came out with their Summer 2000 ‘Intelligence Report’ which had the title ‘Rebels with a Cause - A Special Report on the Neo-Confederate Movement.’ Imagine my surprise when I found out that my picture was on the front cover of the magazine. The picture shown was of myself and several others on the steps of the South Carolina Capital at the January of 2000 rally of 10,000 Confederates rallying to keep the Battle Flag on top of the Dome. I was dressed in my Confederate Uniform and the angle of the picture captured me in a pose that fit their title of Neo-Confederates. I had my arm raised while waving a small a Georgia Flag and it was obvious the SPLC was trying to make me look like a Neo-Nazi giving a fascist salute. Most certainly they were trying to demonize those who support Southern Heritage.
Almost the entire magazine dealt with the threat of the ‘Neo-Confederates.’ As 1 flipped through the publication I saw my picture again in the contents page. But the real shocker was when I turned to the lead article and standing all alone was another picture of me in my uniform with this statement underneath: ‘A Neo-Confederate movement, increasingly rife with white supremacists and racist ideology, is growing across America.’ In a nutshell I had become the SPLC’s poster boy for the ‘Neo-Confederate movement!’
I decided at this point that I had had enough and subsequently tried to contact the FBI. I had several questions I wanted answered. Were they bugging my phone? Staking out my house? Following my Children? Sharing personal information with the SPLC? The only way I knew to try and get these answers was to file a request under the Freedom of Information Act. This act is supposed to guarantee Americans that their Government is not sneaking around and harassing innocent citizens without cause.
After three attempts to get a response from the FBI and getting my Congressman Johnny Isakson involved, the FBI stated that they would not release any information regarding my file. An exemption under the FOI Act was
mentioned in their response and the reason that they gave was that they had an ongoing investigation which would be jeopardized by releasing information. Apparently for the average citizen there is no real Freedom of Information when it comes to finding out what the FBI is up to. The government can just make exclusions and keep their activities secret.
It looks like we are in a new era of McCarthy ism. And the SPLC looks a lot like the good old Senator from Wisconsin with the Justice Department and FBI going right along with it. The SPLC just keeps finding fool’s gold and the Justice Department and FBI are buying it. Who knows if the Justice Department and the FBI hadn’t been so busy relying on the SPLC, investigating an Irish-American citizen bom in the South with over 200 years of ancestry here, a business owner and Christian married father of two home-schooled children, then maybe 11 September could have been prevented and we wouldn’t have had over 3,000 Americans murdered by those who pose a real threat.
Mr John C. Hall, Jr. is a C.P.A., residing in Georgia. You may reach him by email at GrldOhara@aol.com
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Satellite Systems - Computers Camcorders - VCRs - TVs 1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
Vol. 6 • No. 4
Every nonwhite race either slaughtered or enslaved the locals when they moved into new land.
In Africa 2000 years ago, the ancestors of today’s Hottentots occupied almost all of sub-Saharan Africa. This ‘Capoid’ race occupied the continent all the way through Nigeria. Today Hottentots have been wiped out everywhere but in a tiny area of southern Africa.
Black Africans took Africa from the Hottentot race (the ‘Capoids’) and slaughtered them. In other words, the poor, innocent blacks did the same thing in Africa that the Indians did in America.
These are the people whites are supposed to pay reparations to for colonialism and for slavery.
The only reason there are any Hottentots left today is because of the white Aff ikaaners, the Boers. These whites moved into Africa just as the black Zulus were finishing off the Hottentots. This murdered race was being driven to the end of Africa, to be slaughtered as the others had been. But the whites who moved into Africa stopped the advance of the blacks and saved the remnant of this ‘Capoid’ race from them.
Every race has routinely wiped out other races. Only whites ever SAVED one.
Mr Robert Whitaker of South Carolina is a published author, a former writer for the Voice of America, and a regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS.

Can the South Survive, by Michael Grissom, paperback SEE REVIEW IN THIS ISSUE, P. 20	$19.95
Jefferson Davis, American, by William J. Cooper, hardbound, 757 pp.	$35.00
The Real Lincoln, From The Testimony Of His Northern Contemporaries, by C. L. C. Minor, hardbound,
273 pp. (Author, first president of VPI, did his homework well.) Reprint of 1904 edition, $16.00 Robert E. Lee on Leadership, by H. W. Crocker	paperback $14.95; hardbound $22.00
Destruction and Reconstruction, by General Richard Taylor, (Personal experiences) paperback	$15.95
Flags Of Civil War Alabama, by Glenn Dedmondt, paperwork, 160 pp., 119 color illustrations & photos	$19.95
The Southern Nation: The New Rise Of The Old South, by R. Gordon Thornton, 256 pp.	$19.95
Our Father’s Fields: A Southern Story, by James E. Kibler, hardbound, 444 pp.	$29.95
America’s Caesar: The Decline And Fall Of Republican Government In The USA, by Greg Loren Durand.
Forward by Dr. J. Michael Hill; paperback, 542 pp.	$28.00
“Co. Aytch”: A Side Show Of The Big Show, by Sam R. Watkins, Private CSA
Deluxe hardbound edition, photos, dust cover, 231 pp.	$25.00
The Gallant Pelham, by Philip Mercer, hardbound, 189 pp. Extra nice edition	$28.00
Cultures in Conflict; Union Desecration of Southern Churches & Cemetaries by Charles Jennings, pb $12.00

652 Sixteenth Avenue, NW	P&H	^.50,	First	Volume,	$1.50	thereafter;
Birmingham, Alabama 35215	Personal	Chec*ues	Welcome,	No	Credit	Cards.]
(205)854-2690^205)853-0967	^
| Robert Whitaker’s Corner
THE BIG SECRET REVEALED: WHITES ARE UNIQUE ONLY IN GOOD WAYS
Every race had slavery throughout its entire history.
No white ever captured blacks for the slave trade, as Roots says they did. It made no sense. Blacks were happy to sell other blacks into the hell of slave ships, and they did it very cheaply.
But whites did one thing that no other race ever did.
Whites FREED their slaves.
Whites did something ELSE that no other race ever did: they forced others to free THEIR slaves. Britain forced Kunte Kinte’s homeland to free its slaves in 1905. If Kinte was as high a person as ‘Roots’ claims, it is likely that his family owned slaves.
When the poor innocent ‘Native Americans’ (the ones we pay reparations to) came to America, they did what every other people did when they came in: They slaughtered the locals and took their land.
The only thing whites did to the Indians that was unique was to provide reservations to the natives they were driving out. No other race ever did that.
Vol. 6•No. 4
The Bloody Cost of Empire
9/11 Seen From the Diaspora
by Joe Scotchie
This Tar Heel exiled in New York can never forget when the reality of the terrorist blast hit home. I was driving from Long Island to Queens to pick up my niece from school, and there it was: The New York skyline, the Empire State Building to the centre and to the left, the World Trade Towers, only this time, there was but an enormous, growing cloud of black smoke in its place.
Even Southern states felt the scare from the terror attack. Virginia, home to the Pentagon, went into a state of emergency. Government workers in West Virginia were sent home, as were employees with nuclear power plants in South Carolina. North Carolina shut down its border to certain trucks. Charlotte is the nation’s second largest banking centre. Apparently, officials were concerned that a terrorist attack might take place in one of the Queen City’s money centres. It was later learned that the terrorists had scouted out nuclear plants in southeastern Tennessee, home to the TVA.
After that attack came the mindless rhetoric, the calls for war, the sonorous declarations that freedom, democracy and our materialistic way of life were under attack. However, somber observers of the American Empire had been fearing a September 11 for years. During the past decade, that empire has been on quite a roll, hasn’t it? Bombing wars in Iraq, Bosnia, and Yugoslavia. Invasions of Haiti and Somalia. Economic sanctions against dozens of nations, none of whom pose any threat to the US. The war with Iraq in 1991 truly was a turning point. Not only did America go to war in the far-off sands of Arabia, it kept fighting after terms of surrender were reached. For the past ten years, the US and its sole ally in London has been bombing Iraq on a regular basis. Worse, has been American sanctions against Baghdad. True, Saddam Hussein is an evil dictator. But recall that George Bush claimed America’s war was not with the Iraqi people, but with Saddam only. It didn’t turn out that way. Over a million Iraqis, including up to 500,000 young children have now died, due in part to stubborn American sanctions. The United States can overthrow governments all throughout the Middle East. But if the Arab street seethes with anti-American
resentments, then the trouble never ends.
The irony is that in recent years, America has supported Islamic terror insurgencies in Southern Europe: Bosnia, Kosovo, and Macedonia, in order to both curry favour with the Muslim world and to stick it to Christian Europe. The desire to be ‘balanced’ hasn’t worked. Much of the Muslim world thinks the decadent West is at war with them. On the other hand, is Islam at war with Christianity? Meanwhile, America’s suicidal immigration policy has once again come to the fore. Several of the suspects were, in fact, illegal aliens. They came to America on various student and tourist visas, then overstayed their welcome. Most, however, were in the country legally at the time of the attack. We’re not alone. Western Europe has also gone soft, allowing millions of Muslim immigrants ofi its own soil. What happens if they become radicalized?
Throughout their nation’s existence, and especially over the past decade, Americans have acted as if they were immune from history and all its terrible turns. No matter how aggressive America’s behavior has been in recent years, nothing could justify such a slaughter. That is certain. Still, the great tragedy is that this clash of civilizations, to borrow a cliche, had to take place at all. A better alternative is available to us all: Namely, the foreign policy of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson: No entangling alliances, free commerce and good will toward all nations. No ruinous pursuit of empire, either. Instead, we have demagogues like Zell Miller who called for bombing runs even if they killed innocent people. If we can’t regain the vision of our ancestors, then it’s time to head for the hills. Right now, it’s every man for himself. That probably is the most striking lesson to be learned from September 11 th.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a League member, an author, and a regular contributor to SE. His books include Barbarians In the Saddle, The Paleoconservatives, The Vision of Richard Weaver, and Thomas Wolfe Revisited.
Southern Invents
Proud To Be Unreconstructed For a one year subscription mail $15 cheque or money order
to
SOUTHERN EVENTS,
PO BOX 2517,
SELMA, ALABAMA 36702-2517
12 Southern Events
Vol. 6 • No. 4
Southern Loyalty and Islamic Resentment
Rethinking Strategy After 9/11
by Nat Rudulph
The images of 11 September are tattooed on our memory. The reactions to those events and the interpretations of them are also clearly present. Three of them from fellow Southern Patriots I find troublesome:
1 Statements that the abundant display of the Stars and Stripes in the South is a shallow, thoughtless phenomenon.
2)	Failure to accurately reappraise, for strategy, the thinking of the typical Southerner in the aftermath of 9/11.
3)	Declarations that 9/11 would not have happened if the US government had not pursued a policy of interventionism and meddling.
Southerners have always been a patriotic bunch. Their record in military service is unparalleled. But their perceived nationalism is just an expression of their sense of LOYALTY. And Southerners’ loyalty to a set of ‘ideas’ is only tertiary to the bonds of kinship and place (indeed, it is an empire, not a nation, which has ‘ideas’ or ‘propositions’ as its predominant glue). Many ideas that Southerners have loved and fought for, such as States Rights, were not espoused solely because Southerners liked the idea of‘live and let live’ but because those ideas augmented and reinforced the underlying loyalty to kith and kin and place.
It is LOYALTY that makes them slower than other peoples to abandon customs and morals handed down to them. It is this loyalty that drives their respect for their elders, their politeness, and their family-oriented culture.
We laugh at how so many of our folks take college football too seriously. But that is evidence of the need for an outlet for that strong loyalty!
It is this same sense of loyalty that made Southerners defend segregation and not want to relinquish it. Thoughtful Southern whites disliked the burdens that state-enforced segregation brought to Southern blacks, but they considered it the lesser of two evils. To them, the greater evil was the inevitable destruction of their own ethnicity and culture that state-enforced integration would bring, and they saw no alternative between the two. They were not expressing hatred at all, merely loyalty to their own. (In a Gallup poll taken in the 50s about 40% of Southern blacks also preferred segregation, even with the burdens, because they saw forced integration as a threat to their own institutons and culture.)
Loyalty starts with the family and proceeds outward in increasingly larger spheres of relationships. Like gravity, the strongest loyalty is near the centre with the next of kin. The degree with which we share common things (such as
kinship, history, religion, language) determines the intensity of those loyalties.
Those with whom we SHARE MANY THINGS (though notably less than with fellow Southrons) were attacked on 9/11 by those who are VERY DIFFERENT in many ways from either of us. It was a natural reaction, derived from the sense of LOYALTY, for Southerners to respond by expressing solidarity with those who were attacked.
The display of the Stars and Stripes is one of those expressions. One might make the case that it is temporary, or perhaps misdirected, but it is not shallow.
Yet Southerners have not responded to the vision for an independent Southland. Dozens of polls indicate the abstract idea is a good one to millions of Southerners, perhaps as many as one out of six, but no one has yet found the key to apply the idea in a way to capture the peoples' imagination.
If the same SOUTHERN LOYALTY had, by some turn of events, been directed to Southern Nationalism, and Confederate flags were abounding, then we would have judged it as profound and deep. But because it is directed in a way that APPEARS to reinforce US ‘indivisibility’ and highlights the APPARENT failure of Southern Nationalism to gamer a large following, we say it is superficial.
I emphasize APPEARANCES, because what it really means is nothing more than Southerners having a strong sense of loyalty. And far from being a death blow to Southern Nationalism, it has actually strenghtened the core group of committed Southern patriots, and made it obvious, as Connie Ward so aptly put it, that the genie of Southern Independence is not going back in the bottle.
But we have not focused on these positive aspects. Instead, the cynicism about flag displays sounds like sour grapes to the ears of those who have heard our point of view and are interested, but as of yet are uncommitted. While we get an amen or two from the choir, the average Southerner reckons this kind of declaration as an insult. They conclude that those who say such things are out of touch at best, perhaps secretly Leftist Radicals at worst, and our credibility in the minds of those we must win goes down by several notches.
If, in my neighbourhood, a catastrophe befalls another family and some of my family respond with help and solidarity, even appearing to neglect our own for awhile, I understand it is only a temporary expression in a time of need. But what if, as a member of the ‘giving’ family, I were to challenge those who expressed solidarity with our neighbours. If I declared that their acts were superficial, and that they ought to be tending to OUR family instead, I would not only outrage and alienate my own family members for insulting them, but would also APPEAR to be woefully lacking in both common sense and compassion.
This is exactly how some of the statements coming from Southern patriots appeared to fellow Southerners.
(Continued on page 15)
The Great Patriotic War
The Southern Rift Over 9/11
by Michael C. Tuggle
‘We Are All Americans Now’*
*The vampire Louis to the vampire Lestat, after General Benjamin Butler has captured their hunting ground. New Orleans. Quoted from the movie ‘Interview with the Vampire’ based on the novel by Anne Rice.
The current rift over Bush’s War to End Terrorism rivals even the Southern Party free-for-all in splitting the Southern movement. Connie Ward, author of the lively and insightful 180 Degrees True South e-zine, even foresees a resulting division on the Dixie Perspective forum. In her October issue, she questioned whether the ongoing red, white and overblown display of Federal flags is a genuine outpouring of patriotism.
She has a point.
After all, the War to End Terrorism highlights so many incongruities between word and deed flowing from Washington that one has to conclude that things are not as they seem. While Dick Cheney scurries hamster-like along Habit Trail bunker paths, and Congress and the Supreme Court scramble for cover, we, the people are told to stand firm on the front lines, which continue to shift hourly. No place is safe, but the ruling class is going to make dam sure it’s protected. Despite its obviously self-serving, negligent, and cowardly behaviour, despite the massive Federal blunders that directly led to 911, we, the people trust Washington more than ever, and gladly surrender our basic rights in the name of security and patriotism.
So what’s the deal? Is the Southern movement washed up? Has 911 transformed us all into good Germans? I mean, Americans? How else can we interpret our countrymen’s new-found reverence for the Stars and Stripes even as the government that claims it erases our freedom?
When confronting contradictory behaviour, it’s a good idea to get professional advice. When crisis blows away illusion, people often respond in contradictory, irrational ways. One of the best accounts of such behaviour comes from Dr Judith Bardwick, a clinical professor of
Vol. 6 • ATo. 4
psychiatry at the University of California. In her book. Danger in the Comfort Zone, she shines a hard, cold light on the same type of irrational responses in corporations we’re seeing nationwide.
Americans, says Dr Bardwick, have insulated themselves in an unreal sense of security and omnipotence. The boom years from the end of WW1I to the present shaped the attitudes of three generations. Prosperity, by definition, is short-lived. But because of a convergence of trends, including a high birth rate that staffed expanding businesses, American prosperity seemed limitless. This artificial prosperity created a cult of ‘Entitlement’ that has steadily poisoned our business and governmental institutions. The nation and its businesses were doing so well that they could afford to let bureaucracies of non-productive employees grow without end. Our affluence bred an institutionalised security that maintained itself through rules and regulations. The resulting super-bureaucracy, with the public school system as its core model, spread throughout society, and bred a top-down, centralised culture of passivity, conflict-avoidance, and conformity. In a system where hard workers were not rewarded and nonproducers were tolerated, a ‘heavy complacency’ set in. Yes-men do well in such cultures.
Although she does not delve into these topics in her book, it is easy to extend her analysis to other areas, notably politics. The steady decline in the percentage of Americans who vote, the increasing legalism that has replaced common sense and a common culture with step-by-step instructions for everyday behaviour, and the steady erosion of free speech and free thought through political correctness and ‘hate speech’ rules are all the result of a bureaucratised, complacent society. Bit by bit, we have surrendered our freedom to act and freedom to think in exchange for security and luxury. Now that the factors that created that security have vanished, our capacities for judging, choosing, and acting are a little rusty, and we’re scared at the prospect of having to take responsibility for our own lives.
What group behaviours do we see when reality destroys a false security? Dr Bardwick tells us that people will cling even more tenaciously to the supportive structure they’re used to. Long accustomed to conformity, they conform even more, and try to avoid all risk by clutching more desperately to the rules. Even when the old rules no longer make sense, anxious people will cling to the letter of the old rules more than ever. ‘When people are scared,’ writes Dr Bardwick, ‘they keep their eyes on the people in power. The ratio of ‘yes people’ rises
14 Southern Events
exponentially... They will focus on ... pleasing their superiors, and they’ll avoid the differences in opinion that are the substance of real work.’
The attack on the World Trade Center and Pentagon were horrific events, taking thousands of innocent lives, and permanently snatching away our illusion of security. In desperation, people are clinging to the comforting old forms, and look to their leaders for some sense of control. Conformity and unthinking trust offer another fix of safety to addicts long dependent on the rule givers for their security. Displaying the Federal flag at home, at work, on cars, and on everything in between makes frightened people feel less alone, and a little less frightened.
It’s ironic that prior to 911, the ruling classes in Washington waged total war against the whole idea of patriotism. Special feelings for one’s own countrymen, or so we were constantly scolded, was a throwback to a less enlightened age. Individual gratification through the global economy trumped fellow feeling for one’s countrymen. Even the idea of a country was often ridiculed in a glorious new age of open borders and multiculturalism. The Wall Street Journal, that shining beacon of neoconservative globalism, questioned the legitimacy of sovereign nations in its 27 December, 1999 editorial entitled ‘Sovereignty’s Power,’ and raised the spectre of Milosevic as an example of what evil can be committed ‘under cover of sovereignty.' It and other neoconservative publications heralded open borders — the globalist equivalent of internationalism — as the inevitable wave of the future.
Maybe history is repeating itself. Internationalist Communism failed to sufficiently motivate Russians to fight the Germans; many, especially in Ukraine and the Baltic states, initially welcomed the Germans as liberators. Only after Nazi brutality revealed itself for what it really was, and after Moscow recast the war effort as a patriotic crusade, did the tide turn. Stalin even admitted to US envoy Averill Harriman that the Russian people fought ‘for their homeland, not for us.’ The Great Patriotic War, as World War II was called in the Soviet Union, is one of many historical examples of a people’s natural patriotism supporting a corrupt and harmful regime. We are presently providing another such example.
This brings us back to the Southern Cause. Its modem spokesmen maintain that the ruling regime’s present course toward globalism and materialist consumerism violate both history and human nature. They are right. Modem society has lured people into believing that individual gratification is all that counts, and that other people are interchangeable economic units with no
Vol. 6* No. 4
particular emotional value. Yet, when tragedy strikes — as it always will — we reach out to each other. There is a need to belong to something greater than oneself, and the reasons are not just practical, but spiritual as well.
And yet, while it is true that humankind has a God-given nature incorporating social and spiritual dimensions, and is capable of patriotic sacrifice and nobility, it is equally capable of self-delusion and greed. Southerners collaborated and compromised with their Yankee exploiters, and overlooked Northern transgressions for generations before they finally seceded from a voluntary union that had long turned against them. Despite hundreds of years of cruel exploitation, most Irish put up with English rule. By the end of the 19th century, only a handful even considered independence. However, Irish culture had enjoyed a vigorous renaissance, thanks largely to the efforts of the Gaelic League, which fueled a budding independence movement. Arthur Griffith, who founded Sinn Fein, desired nothing more than autonomy under the English monarch. The Irish Republican Brotherhood, the League of the South of its time, was regarded as a handful of zealots hopelessly out of touch with the vast majority of Irish.
The Easter Rebellion of 1916 attracted maybe 3,000 volunteers, while over 100,000 Irishmen volunteered to fight with the English in WWI. When the Rebellion was quickly snuffed out, the people of Dublin spat on the rebels as they were being led through the streets by English troops. Many were bitter because the Rebellion had delayed the delivery of their pension checks from London. In this atmosphere, the English decided they could eradicate the last vestiges of the Irish independence movement by executing its leaders. But when they did, suddenly the ‘rogues’ and ‘terrorists’ became martyrs, and their pictures decorated parlors all over Ireland. The poet Yeats proclaimed that ‘a terrible beauty is bom,’ and in a few short years, the Irish Free State emerged from centuries of English rule.
Human nature is too complicated to capture in a few formulas. The lessons of history and Providence impel us to fight for the Southern Cause, but nowhere in those lessons do we see a timetable. For now, we must keep the Southern flame alive, because our people deserve to live as a people. And as we struggle for them, we must admit their weaknesses and errors even as we celebrate their strengths. After the war, Robert E. Lee faced both defeat and personal hardship, yet his faith burned as strong as ever, as we see in these words:
‘My experience of men has neither disposed me to think worse of them; nor indisposed me to serve them; not in spite of failures, which I lament, of errors, which I
Vol. 6 • AJo. 4
now see and acknowledge, or of the present state of affairs, do 1 despair of the future. The march of Providence is so slow, and our desires so impatient, the work of progress is so immense, and our means of aiding it so feeble, the life of humanity is so long, and that of the individual so brief, that we often see only the ebb of the advancing wave, and are thus discouraged. It is history that teaches us to hope.’
History teaches us not only to hope, but to beware of excessive unity. It was political unity that produced the totalitarian megastates of Nazi Germany, Communist China, and the Soviet Union. The political unity that grew out of 911 produced the Patriot Act, which defines a domestic terrorist as anyone who ‘appears to intend to change government policy through intimidation.’ What is ‘intimidation’? Carrying the real Georgia State Flag in front of sell-out politicians at a rally? Signing a petition? Who knows? 911 also spawned an Orwellian-sounding US Office of Homeland Security, as well as military tribunals to try anyone suspected of supporting terrorism, and we’ve already seem how conveniently vague that is.
Yes, America needs Southerners now more than ever. The American Way, at its best, recognised the right of dissent, protected by a system of divided powers where individual rights could always look to separate spheres of local autonomy for protection. However, in an all-consuming centralised regime, the dissenter stands alone in a sea of intolerant conformity. We Southerners, by standing as Southerners, are the last best hope of preserving what remains of the true American Way.
Mr Mike Tuggle is the North Carolina League of the South chairman, and a regular contributor to SE.
Southern Loyalty & Islamic Resentment
Rethinking Strategy After 9/11
(Continued from page 12) by Nat Rudulph Pronouncements of ‘blame’ for 9/11 directed at US policy come across to the typical Southern ear with the same impression as justifications for rape that have been sometimes heard: ‘she was asking for it... she was a slut anyway’ or the like. Even if true, it doesn’t justify the crime, and to bring it up, especially at a time when the images of horror were still fresh in everyone’s minds, seems to indicate a lack of perspective. We cannot afford to be in a Tiall of mirrors’ with the tunnel vision of a
'Confederate subculture' so that we have a:
2) Failure to accurately reappraise, for strategy, the thinking of the typical Southerner in the aftermath of 9/11.
A better way to handle it would be to NOT cynically dismiss the patriotic fervour, but to positively compliment it, then use it as a starting point to encourage Southern patriotism, and to educate Southerners who are ignorant of who they are, where they have come from, and where they ought to go.
The Apostle Paul, when trying to win converts to Christianity in Athens saw many altars to idols. He was no doubt grieved by seeing all the idolatry, but instead of condemning them for it, he found something positive to comment on when he saw one of the altars, called ‘The Unknown God.’ He complimented them by saying, ‘I perceive that you are very religious. For as I passed along, and observed the objects of your worship, I found also an altar with this inscription, TO AN UNKNOWN GOD. What therefore you worship in ignorance, this I set forth unto you.’ And he went on to win converts there. He chose not to challenge their religion directly. Instead, he complimented them for being ‘very religious’ while carefully not approving the actual object of their worship. He then proceeded to dispel their ignorance and direct their affection in the proper direction.
We must carefully choose which of the issues we should focus on. Ask yourself, ‘Is this a hill to die on?’ Wise warriors attack at the point of their enemies’ weakness, not in their strength. We should emulate General Forrest, not General Hood. No one could question Hood’s bravery, but bravery is never enough. Speaking the truth to power is just like a military attack. There are places where both can be effective, and there are places, like Franklin, where they are bound to be disastrous, no matter how brave.
The trashing of superficial 'patriotism' or calls for Southern Independence are not arguments that will get a listening ear anywhere in the South at this time, because circumstances have made it so. But we dont have to relinquish our vision. We know that times will change and our day will come, but circumstances HERE and NOW is what we have to currently deal with.
This is a call to my fellow Southern patriots to be stark in honesty, and realistic in assessing all things, not only in the world, but also in the mirror. We cannot let preconceived notions obscure wisdom.
And our vision is more than just ‘independence’ for the sake of it. It is that which independence would bring.
A great many of those things have to do with cultural renewal, so if we put the greatest focus into cultural renewal right now, perhaps we will find there is ‘more than one way to skin a cat.’
if) Southern Events
Vol. 6 • No. 4
There are also different political issues where our opponents are weak right now, and we need to take the opportunity to exploit them. Immigration and the Right to Bear Arms are two.
The deceit being practised should be highlighted. They are calling this a war when it is not. And one of the most ridiculous statements is that 'these people hate us because they hate freedom.' This takes all the insight and deep analysis of the National Enquirer mentality. It is a smokescreen to keep people in the dark and to avoid having to face some of the issues in the light.
Another glaring weakness that few have mentioned is a potential bombshell. It is the statements authorities keep making about how ‘peaceful’ Islam is, and the real weakness is the philosophy behind these statements.
Of course, on the surface it is just a tactic to keep Muslims from galvanizing against ‘the West’ and it is flat-out ridiculous. The Koran commands believers to kill the infidels who will not convert. Those who take Islam seriously in Indonesia are engaging in jihad right now where THOUSANDS OF CHRISTIANS HAVE BEEN MURDERED SINCE 9/11 and whole Christian villages wiped out. Have we heard anything about this in standard news channels? Of the 30 current world conflicts, 28 concern Islamic countries. Two-thirds of the world’s political prisoners are in Islamic jails.
Joe Sobran said it better than I could concerning the philosophy of the New World Order which is undergirding these pronouncements about ‘peaceful’ Islam:
‘In sum, religious differences— and the cultural differences stemming from them— aren’t serious. All religions preach the same great truths, the virtues of peace
and tolerance---If you think your religion is ‘better’—
truer— than other religions, you are intolerant and bigoted.
‘In other words, liberalism is the natural fruit of all religions. Nobody puts it that badly, but that’s what it comes to. I prefer to put it another way: Multiculturalism is the negation of all cultures. It means that cultural and religious distinctions are merely superficial.
‘Needless to say, this idea is as novel as it is preposterous. Until fairly recently sane people took religion seriously. . . . When John F. Kennedy became president in 1960, it proved chiefly that religious differences no longer mattered as much to voters, not that genuine tolerance had triumphed. Liberals trusted Kennedy because they knew he didn’t take his own
religion too seriously....
‘It now comes as an unpleasant surprise to Americans
to discover that our own liberal rot hasn’t affected the Muslim world, which still takes religion very seriously. It still believes God has revealed himself to some men and not others; that some things are true and others are
false____(O)nly the Christians(if you can even call them
that anymore) are naive enough to believe that vague “values” matter more than real religions.’
What a great opportunity to expound on the religious aspects underlying this! Those in authority in this country, who were sworn in with their hand on a Bible, surrounded by Scripture engraved in a thousand places, do not even dare to pray out loud(only a moment of silence will do), much less intone the name of the Son of God in public because, even though they profess Christianity, they dare not reject the multicultural god of the age.
There are many, many Christians in America who DO take the Scripture seriously, but many of them have been befuddled into going along with this because it is so pervasive in the culture and because other Christian ‘leaders’ go along with it. (Did you note that Billy Graham issued two disclaimers before he presented the Gospel at the big service immediately after 9/11 ? He said something to the effect that, ‘now what I’m about to say is for Christians only, not those of other faiths.’ Funny, the last time I looked, the gospel was for the unconverted.)
All this presents ammunition to shake Bible-believing Christians out of their shell, as well as to highlight how much has been lost of true Christian culture in the post-Christian West, and that the SOUTH is STILL the last bastion of that culture.
3) If the US government had not pursued a policy of ‘Empire’ with its interventionism and meddling then 9/ 11 would not have happened.
This has a lot of appeal on the surface, and there is no question that it was a precipitating factor. But the conflicts that underlie 9/11 predate the US by more than a thousand years. And one of the main focal points of those ancient conflicts has been Palestine, a veiy, very long time before Israel existed.
There is great resentment in the Islamic countries toward Christendom because Islam was at one time on the verge of dominance in the world but was displaced by the West. Islamic armies came close on several occasions to crushing Europe and forcibly converting our ancestors to Islam.
Thankfully, they failed and began to decline in power many years before the Southerner George Washington led the successful military struggle for our ancestor’s independence.
Could you guess when Islam’s LAST ATTEMPT to
17 Southern Events
Vol. 6 • No, 4
overrun Europe ended in defeat? A familiar date, the 11th OF SEPTEMBER, but in 1683, when the Polish army defeated them at the gates of Vienna. Coincidence? Maybe.
To make US foreign policy the main culprit is like saying slavery was THE reason for the War for Southern Independence. In both cases, it was only ONE of the precipitating factors. Just read some of Bin Laden’s older tirades and it becomes clear that it is the worldwide dominance of Western culture, and the decline of Islamic dominance centuries ago that has really pushed his button. Bin Laden (and hundreds of others like him) have spewed venom about the West, going on and on about the crusades, well before the Gulf War, and before US troops were perched on his Saudi homeland.
I dont excuse US policy, it is exceedingly meddlesome and needs to be changed. But even if the US government foreign policy had embodied the ideals of our ancestors to live and let live, and had been ten times as reclusive as China in its most reclusive moment (and it should have been!), I believe that American media and business would still be as dominant and intrusive in the world as it is today, the Islamic world would still have its resentment over lost empire from hundreds of years ago, and it is a good probability that 9/11 would have still happened just like it did.
The case could also be made that those who live in ‘the big mansion on the block’ cannot be very reclusive and limited because their sheer size and footprint makes it impossible. A part of that equation is that the global interests of big business, concentrated as it is in the US, would necessarily drive government policy in a way that would protect those interests.
But a Western culture which was more traditionally Christian, salted by good morality and humility, would also tend to reign in some of the problems created by big business. The culture is the foundation where the fault really lies, for cultural change would in turn change politics AND business. Not only in international dealings, but HERE!
So again, we find ourselves back at the culture.
It is in the South where the hope of resurrecting the culture remains the best.
Our focus has not been in the culture as the proper starting place, but we have too often focussed on politics, as if we already had dominance in the culture. Cultural counter-revolution must come first, and then political counter-revolution will certainly follow.
Mr Nat Rudulph is the editor of Southern Events.
Why Should God Bless America?
by Wayne Carlson
The phrase, ‘God Bless America,’ has become as common a public fixture in recent days as the ubiquitous US flag. We see it heralded on buttons, bumper stickers, pins, poster, banners and billboards. We hear it from political pundits, commentators, columnists, journalists, and the various aspirants to political offices that cover the landscape of America just now. In short, it appears America has called on God to bless her in a ‘jihad’ (holy war) of her own, to rid the world of ‘terrorists’ and ‘evil’. It is worth noting that President Bush gathered in the National Cathedral in Washington DC, just days after the attack on 11 September, political, social, and religious leaders of every conceivable stripe, praying for divine assistance for the course they would take in the days ahead.
Many Presidents before him had called the nation to prayer during times of war or national mourning. This was to my knowledge, however, the first time in America’s history that the triune God of the Bible, whose son Jesus Christ declared himself the one and only way to God the father, was clearly not the focus of this gathering’s prayers. In his place, America’s leaders have embraced a ‘universalist’ God that people of every religion are supposed to embrace in the name of diversity and multiculturalism. The Saviour of mankind, who died on a cross for our sins, was noticeably absent in the invocations uttered. Based on this gathering, I believe Christians can disabuse themselves of any notions that their faith, or America’s traditional culture on which it is based, will hold any more importance in the future than Buddhism, Islam, or any other religious faith. America’s Christian era is clearly past, so far as our elites are concerned. Serious Christians ought to ponder the language now being used in connection with those being described as ‘terrorists’ today. I keep hearing that the only problem with Islam is its ‘fundamentalists’, which are routinely described as ‘extremists’. Have any of you ever heard the media, or some of our political leaders talk about Christian ‘fundamentalists’ as problematic, or extreme? What does this portend in terms of how these Christians are treated in the future? Perhaps they will come under the scrutiny of the new Department of Homeland (fatherland) Security.
In the early days of our first War for Independence,
/ S Sou them Even ts
Vol. 6 • No. 4
George Washington issued the following declaration to the men under his command, ‘The Continental Congress having earnestly recommended that Thursday next be observed by the inhabitants of all the English Colonies upon this continent as a day of public humiliation, fasting and prayer, that they may with united hearts and voice unfeignedly (sincerely) confess their sins before God, and supplicate the all Wise and Merciful Disposer of Events, to avert the desolation and calamities of an unnatural war.’ George Bush, as well as the rest of America, seems to have forgotten the part about humbling ourselves and confessing our sins before asking God to bless us, and presumably the war we’ve decided to make on anyone in the world we say supports terrorism. My Bible tells me that only under God’s conditions can we expect him to bless us.
Have we, as a nation, no sins in need of forgiveness? In some circles today, to suggest that we do is considered un-American. I think precisely the reverse is true. Any Christian worthy of the name should recoil in horror at the thought of the 4,000 abortions that take place in this country every day. Just this morning I heard a well- respected Christian minister say that over the course of the past 28 years, 43 million babies have been murdered with our government’s sanction. Even if he were wrong by half, we are talking about a holocaust that makes every other pale in comparison. In a truly Christian society, much less a civilized one, it shouldn’t matter what a majority of 9 justices of the Supreme Court says on such an issue, what should matter is the sanctity of human life and attempts to undermine it. Abortion is nothing more than the deliberate killing of an innocent human being and is condemned by the sixth commandment. For a Biblical justification of this position you can read Psalms 139:13-16, Genesis 2:7, and Exodus 21:22-25 for starters.
I have heard it said that because there is no afterlife for nations, they must be judged in this life. Does anyone think this is cause for some concern? II Chronicles 7:14 says, if my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.’ History clearly teaches us that people from Christendom established the land we think of when we say ‘America,’ they confessed their submission to the God of the Bible, seeking his blessings upon them. There is no question that God did indeed bless his people here. It is just as clear that the political, social, and religious liberties we have long enjoyed grew out of Christianity and is part of
an inheritance we are rapidly losing. Is there a connection between America’s turn away from the God of the Bible and the gradual loss of those liberties? I certainly think so.
A question all of us should ponder today is whether or not an America that has clearly rejected God’s commandments is deserving of his blessings. America cannot be neutral on this question. Our founders knew this and spoke of it. God himself proclaims that he is a jealous God. He blessed Israel only so far as they remained faithful to him, and when they sinned, by seeking after mammon, the flesh, or other God’s, judgment always followed.
In Proverbs 8:36, God reminds us that ‘all they that hate me, love death.’ Abortion, AIDS, the high crime rate, our never-ending military adventures around the world, and lately, consideration of Euthanasia as ‘an idea whose time has come’, leaves me to wonder if indeed we live in a culture of death. Many people today, even well meaning Christians, act as though we all still live under a government guided by Christianity. They deceive themselves. Jeremiah 17:5 says, ‘Cursed be the man that trusteth in man and maketh flesh his arm.’ Perhaps Americans are convinced that they no longer need God. After all, they might tell themselves, look at how rich and powerful we are. Is this the American pride we hear so much about? If so, remember Proverbs 16:18, ‘Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.’ As Paul Proctor wrote in a recent editorial, ‘It is not pride in ourselves that will restore God’s blessings to America. Pride in self is what destroys men and nations’. No, if we are to be delivered from the enemies we have made as the result of our constant foreign meddling, we must humble ourselves and confess our sin before the one true, triune God, and seek to restore him to his place of sovereignty over our people. We delay at our own peril.
Mr Wayne Carlson is a Virginia Patriot and a League of the South member who writes a regular column.
'It cannot be emphasized too strongly or too often that this great nation was founded, not by religionists, but by Christians, not on religions but on the gospel of Jesus Christ.' - Patrick Henry
'It is impossible that a nation of infidels or idolaters should be a nation of free men. It is when a people forget God that tyrants forge their chains.'
-	Patrick Henry
'Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery?*
-	Patrick Henry
The Dangers of False Patriotism
by Steve Wilkins
We are not Americans first and Christians second. We are Christians first and foremost, and our supreme allegiance is always to Christ the Lord. Nevertheless, Christ demands that we love our neighbour and show gratitude for our heritage. The fifth commandment implies that we will honour our families and the law of the covenant demands that we seek the good of those around us while we do so. Patriotism, love and gratitude to country and kindred is required of us as Christians. But the true patriot understands that the best way to be a true friend of this country is to be a faithful Christian. If we make an idol of our country, we become part of the problem and increase the condemnation of our country before God.
True patriotism is fine, fanatical nationalism is not. Nationalism of the sort we have witnessed recently is nothing but idolatry and God will judge it as He does all other idols. Eric von Kuehnelt-Leddihn has written (in hjsbook Leftism Revisited, p 199): ‘the nationalist will insist on the superiority of his nation by pointing to its unique characteristics, its achievements, virtues, qualities, institutions, traditions. The patriot, on the other hand, is not contentious just as an intelligent man would never try to say that his parents were ‘the best in the world’ so the patriot considers his attachment to his country a matter of loyalty.’ A patriot, Dr Leddihn says, ‘will naturally defend his country against patently unjust accusations— loyalty demands this; but he will not try to convince others that his nation has the highest qualities in the world, the most gifted inventors, the most profound philosophers, the best writers, the finest painters, the fastest trains, the most beautiful women. (This uncouth boasting is reserved for the traveling salesman after a 3rd drink, or the likes of a National Socialist or a Russian Communist.)’
Mindless patriotism is a destructive force. It is the sworn enemy of biblical Christianity. To serve the Lord above the country is then viewed by the nationalist as blasphemy and treason. We are clearly headed in this direction.
You must take notice of the identification that is being made between those who hold historic Christianity and fanatical Muslim terrorists. Those who believe the Bible to be the Word of God and the infallible, absolute truth, are called ‘Fundamentalists’-the same term this is used
Vol. 6 • No. 4
for those who receive the Koran as the Word of God. Biblical Christians are being linked in the national psyche with murderous Muslims. Both are being viewed as equally dangerous and equally unwelcome.
The only religion that will be tolerated today is the religion of toleration— which is tolerant of everything except biblical Christianity. Christians who believe the Bible are going to be forced to recant, compromise, lie, or face the hatred of the citizenry. What has happened to Pastor Jerry Falwell illustrates this. Mr Falwell had the audacity to suggest that the terrorist attack could be God’s judgment upon us for our sins (and he made the mistake of identifying some of them, homosexuality, immorality, abortion, feminism, etc.). Mark Morford, a writer and commentator for The San Francisco Chronicle described Mr. Falwell as an ‘aging and small-minded, pasty, and terminally unpleasant, religious zealot.’ The epitome of kindness and tolerance, no?
Morford then observed that Mr. Falwell’s comments were evidence of‘rabid intolerance’ and ‘narrow-minded religious bile’ which was ‘rooted in the same acrid fundamentalist soil that spawned the ‘Attack on America’ in the first place.’ This, Mr. Morford concluded, ‘makes us all realize how little room there is in the world for shallow isolationism and ignorant dogma, for hilariously mangled moral principles.’
Plainly, Christians who refuse to honor the State above God, who refuse to pretend that the Bible is not true, who will not grant unprincipled toleration of immorality, are now being branded as purveyors of hate, equivalent to terrorists, and unfit to live in this country-indeed, there is not even room for them in the world!
As Steve Schlissel has written: ‘America is PROUDLY redefining herself as the safe haven, not of truth and righteousness, but of tolerance and diversity— a tolerance that is a fraud and a diversity which curiously accepts outspoken feminists and homosexuals but excludes outspoken Christians.’ This is the case. We are in a dangerous position.
But this is precisely what our Saviour said would happen to His people (John 15:19-21). This animosity is coming because of the hatred of the world of unbelief against Him (John 15:18). We must not panic but rather humble ourselves before the Lord, confessing our sins and devoting ourselves afresh to live for His glory. Then we can pray as the apostles prayed when they were threatened similarly. ‘Now Lord, look upon their threats, and grant to Your servants, that with all boldness they may speak Your word.’ (Acts 4:24-30).
Rev Steve Wilkins is a Director of the League of the South and a Presbyterian pastor in Monroe, Louisiana.
20 Souther *n Events
Vol. 6 • No. 4
Can the South Survive?
A REVIEW OF MICHAEL ANDREW GRISSOM’S NEW BOOK (Nashville, Tennessee: The Rebel Press, 2001) 705 pp (This book in stock at Dr Baker's Books of the South - See Ad on page 10)
by William L. Cawthon, Jr.
IVIike Grissom was the first man brave enough to publish a forthright book of popular appeal defending the South in the post Civil Rights era when he published Southern By the Grace of God in 1988. Now he has done it again, being the first in our era to boldly publish a book defending the traditional racial code of the South and the traditional morality of veiy many of the religious people of the South, without flinching. This latest work by the author of two other books on the South, When the South was Southern, and The Last Rebel Yell, is phenomenal not only for its faithfulness to the old Southern world view but also for its candour. Mr Grissom concedes nothing to the modem world. Can The South Survive? will enrage a liberal on every page.
There is nothing like Mr Grissom’s book in print. His book is in essence a modem jeremiad, a lamentation for the loss of the old values and a warning that the hour is very, very late to save our Southern civilisation which has blossomed and grown over many generations. He assembles in vast detail abundant evidence of our collapsing civilisation, from the endemic moral decay which has sapped the foundations of our society to the inversion of roles and the confusion of values to the advancing Third World cultures penetrating our land.
Mr Grissom succinctly describes the modem plight of the South. ‘Today, Southerners find themselves in a monstrous predicament. With their newspapers owned in near totality by the Eastern establishment, their public education system controlled by liberals who work to establish and maintain the socialist state, their churches promoting a radical theology, and their public officials intimidated into silence, the land of their fathers is becoming untenable.... their political future lies not in their own hands. Without public expression of sentiment
-	whether in politics, religion, or pride of accomplishment
-	they toil from day to day, automatons in a world of stark fundamentals: working, eating, paying tribute to the government.’
Unlike so many of the defences of our Southern culture, this one does not assume that in the end we will be
victorious. Rather, it looks at the steady erosion of Southern cultural ways and traditional morality and the seeming inability of the Southern people to stem the severe losses, and asks, do Southerners have the nerve and the character of their ancestors to turn the tide and preserve their rightful inheritance?
Acknowledgement that the South may not survive should bolster the efforts of Southern people to live as one of the peoples of the earth. You do not motivate people when you constantly reassure them that they will come out all right in the end. You motivate them by persuading them that their actions and involvement are critical to success. Frankly, we cannot pretend any longer that the South is not in the most perilous of circumstances, its life literally hanging in the balance. Many examples are offered that amply document this.
Mr Grissom’s pen rips into so much that has come to be accepted by our modem ways that his work will upset many people. For example, he severely chastises Southerners for their wholesale acceptance of modem decadent society, including their addiction to mass sports, TV, and the movies. He calls mainstream religion to account for its acceptance of egalitarianism. He reminds Southerners in no uncertain terms that they have strayed into an alien territory of dispossession by accepting integration and interracial intimacy. He abhors the reversal of gender roles. He lambasts the Republican Party for selling Southerners out.
The work is an ambitious undertaking, as it attempts to introduce the traditional South and its values to the modem Southerner who has been denied access to them, to briefly review the dismantling of this Old South from the late nineteenth century through the Civil Rights crusade, and to inform Southerners of their current wholesale apostasy from the ways of their fathers.
Michael Grissom often puts things succinctly and bluntly in a manner straight to the point loved by the common man, driving his point hard into the enemy. An example: ‘Although liberals refuse to admit their absurdities, one can trace the rise of radical feminism and the decline of the family unit in one uniform movement.’ (p. 323). Many of the photographs, placed at the beginning of each chapter, capture the alien decadence to which our society has submitted. Mike writes in a felicitous manner which weaves the story of Southern decline for all to understand.
Mr Grissom has the best presentation of the viewpoint of the vast majority of Southerners of the fifties and sixties regarding the racial revolution that confronted them that this reviewer has seen in the post Civil Rights era. He points out quite correctly that the Civil Rights Revolution
Vol. 6 * ATo. 4
was a black empowerment crusade. He connects the Civil Rights movement with the other revolutionary crusades of the era intended to dispossess the white male of his authority and thereby destroy the foundations of Western civilisation. He cites a study of the roots of political correctness in Frankfurt School Critical Theory whereby Marxist revolutionaries sought the inversion of all major Western values in order to destroy white male power and thereby engineer a non-violent social revolution, (p. 329).
Mr Grissom effectively demonstrates the advanced state of this social revolution, and its often unthinking acceptance by large elements of our society. Who can deny with such evidence as Mike Grissom offers that the changed perceptions of Americans and Southerners since the 1960s revolutions in values has caused serious inroads into ‘... the main elements of Western culture such as Christianity, capitalism, authority, the family, patriarchy, hierarchy, morality, tradition, sexual restraint, loyalties, patriotism, nationalism, heredity, ethnocentrism, convention and conservatism....’(p.304). He notes that the decadence influences everyone.
Berkeley was the harbinger for this moral slide. It also provided the author with a first hand experience of the radical transformation of America which he conveys with telling effect. His Aunt Avis who moved there in the late forties from the cotton fields of Oklahoma warned him that all he saw in Berkeley would move east. It did. She at first loved Berkeley. ‘Everything was wonderful there. No place on earth could hold a candle to her city by the bay. But, before she died ... she would be tear-gassed in her own home; she would see riots in the streets ... she would be afraid to venture out at night; and she would quit attending the Methodist Church because hippies and druggies ... were sleeping in the halls and cavorting in the bathrooms.’ (p. 119).
By standing firm for traditional Southern values Mike Grissom sears into our consciousness how radical the modem South is. Mr Grissom shows how so many of the barbarians’ demands of the ‘sixties have actually come to pass. American and especially Southern history are routinely reviled. The sexual revolution succeeded with its wreckage of romance, family, and children. Pornography proliferates. Vulgarism abounds. Nonwhites and women are glorified and on a constant mission to root out the white man. Here Mr Grissom quotes Paul Craig Roberts to telling effect: “... If you are a white heterosexual able-bodied male... you need to understand that affirmative action is not about levelling a playing field. It is about levelling you.” (p. 358).
Nothing more effectively illustrates how thoroughly
the South has fallen from the old ways than the racial issue. Here the left/liberal reconstruction of the South has been most complete, and to many a young Southerner the South of the fifties and sixties must seem unfathomable. The young Southerner has probably never heard the Southern position of those years defended. Mike Grissom presents the South’s case as the Southerner then would have presented it, from the standpoint of a decent, unoffending people seeking to prevent alien ways from being forced upon them by unconstitutional and tyrannical means; a people who sought to prevent the descent into decadence and cultural genocide and the gathering momentum toward racial genocide which we see all around us today. ‘I had always admired people who resist oppressive authority,' Michael writes. ‘I admired the South, the underdog of history’ which ‘managed to persevere and maintain its culture in the face of military defeat. Reconstruction, and perpetual psychological persecution.’ (p. 181). Michael shows the tyranny and hatred forced upon the South at Ole Miss, and the hypocrisy and moral decadence of the Selma to Montgomery march. He unveils the blackout of news concerning Ole Miss to show travellers on the highway, hunters in the woods, even a wedding party - 73 people in all incarcerated in a probable hog fattening pen ten by twelve feet for twenty-four hours forced to sit on the floor with arms locked around their drawn up knees, eyes straight ahead, without sleep, food or water. The federal marshals vented their anger with abusive language, and clubbed a twelve year old boy who fell asleep so badly that the resultant deep gashes bled profusely. When the boy’s father attempted to intervene, he was beaten senseless.
The effect of the dismantling of the old Southern social order cannot be overestimated. As Mr Grissom notes, ‘When the deeply held taboo against racial intimacy was swept away with such surprising and universal effect, there followed a general pervasive sentiment that opposition to the dismantling of traditional customs, beliefs, and ancient practices was futile.’(p. 419). Michael sees the Civil Rights Movement as having a very baleful influence on America, spreading the malicious concept of egalitarianism - ‘nothing is better than anything else’ (p. 386), and overthrowing tradition and established order.
One would think that in a day when the discrimination is against white folks, when reparations are more and more seriously discussed, when interracial dating and marriage is blossoming, and when white population growth is lagging far behind all nonwhite groups, that the concerns of the people of the South in the segregation
Vol. 6•No. 4
days would be taken more seriously. Of course everyone is too afraid of being exiled to Siberian public hell to dare even hint at such thoughts. Brave Michael Grissom, one of the most courageous men I know, tells us over and over we should maintain the racial codes of our forebears by keeping the distance between the two races, or else the South will become one multicultural unrecognizable blend. This should be commonsensical, but it is not anymore. Our forefathers knew where racial intimacy and social equality would lead | to the blending of blood and cultures, the corrosion of the Western inheritance and the end of the South. Under current trends, we will eventually be reduced to remnants, irrelevant to whatever regime and whatever cultures dominate in our land.
How Southerners, or any people, could be willing to accept their own demise, is unfathomable to healthy, normal, reasonable people. To desire justice for blacks is a fine and noble generosity. To seek justice is always right. To put your own people on the path of suicide is against the most basic human instinct which God has placed in the heart and head of man. It is itself injustice of the most fundamental kind.
The swamping of the Southern States by masses of * Third World immigrants, who bring different life styles, different values, different religions, and different histories, is even more of an immediate threat to the survival of the South, because of the vast numbers of immigrants, their high birth rates,-and the very low birth rates of whites. US whites have not been having enough children since 1972 to replace themselves, while blacks and Hispanics are more than replacing their populations.
At the current rate of percentage decline of US white non-Hispanics, the US will be majority non-white before 2030! Texas will go within a year or two, if it has not already, and Georgia, within fifteen years!
‘The physical dispossession of the current population of every Southern state is imminent if streams of immigrants cannot be stopped.’ (p. 661). A Mexican construction worker told his Atlanta employee recently: ‘You know, one of these days, there are going to be more of us than there are of you.’ The increasingly likely dispossession of the South follows the inexorable law of demographics and culture and race which modern Southerners seem incapable of understanding.
Can The South Survive? is a clarion call to action. Far too many Southern patriots even view the South either as a museum piece which is quaint but must yield to the modem world or are content to intellectualize or bemoan our fate. The South is not an intellectual commodity nor a museum, but a flesh and blood culture and people in
the direst danger of dispossession from its historic homeland. Mr Grissom’s book is an attempt to jolt the Southern people from their mesmerized and paralysed state of inaction into a full scale revolt at their demise.
Mr Grissom concludes that the only way the South now has to save its historic culture is through separation from the decadent and all powerful American regime by the secession of the Southern States. For anyone who considers this fantastic, let him consider the alternative, continued subservience to the Leviathan US government and the gradual demolition of all that has made the South a distinct culture. Though admitting secession is a recourse fraught with danger, Mr Grissom sees no alternative if the rights of the Southern people are to be regained. But, to be successful, whites must ‘throw off their morbid fear of being called racists’ and pursue like every other race an agreeable future for their descendants.
While Mr Grissom’s work is ground-breaking in tackling head on the issue of Southern racial survival, his idiom is frequently not familiar to the young Southerner. This generation gap is unfortunate. Even to discuss the issue in forthright terms has been enough to send nearly all Southerners scurrying for the closet. And many Southerners today who consider themselves traditional in all other respects have, under the withering influence of incessant Yankee propaganda and egalitarian doctrine, either abandoned the old Southern racial views, or become confused. But let all Southerners of all persuasions consider where the current egalitarian regime and ideology are taking us - down an inexorable slope of dissolution of the South and all that it has been. The issue of Southern racial survival must be faced squarely. If the Southern people do not survive, the South does not survive. All of the egalitarian and politically correct phraseology in the world cannot obliterate the fact that the Southern people are in serious jeopardy of becoming one of the lost peoples of the earth. Perhaps, if Mike Grissom’s book does nothing else, it will open a critical debate on all aspects of the South’s survival.
What this book needs most of all is wide distribution, as it issues a heart felt and much needed wake up call to the South while Southerners still have the numbers to save their historic culture in their own homeland. It needs a major publisher. It could also use more thorough documentation. If liberals ever perceive this work as a threat, they will attack with harsh viciousness. Mike Grissom will need support at that point from his Southern brethren whom he has so bravely defended. Southerners can no longer afford to be paralysed with doubt and fear, and to attack one another.
Can The South Survive? is a major work in its scope
23 Southerii Events
Vol. 6 • ATo. 4
and in its challenge. It does not refrain to discuss issues from an intransigent and hard core traditional Southern perspective when everyone else has for years considered such an approach to be too old-fashioned and too susceptible to demolition by liberal thought. Mr Grissom is both principled and bold to restake the old Southern positions.
Mike Grissom’s ardent plea is to act now to save the South, while it is still possible. But he paints such a realistic picture of Southern retreat and submission to his aptly described moral rot that characterizes much of modem America that one must ask, is the South as a whole past the point of no return? Digesting his book only confirms in this reviewer’s mind that we Southerners who are receptive to actually restoring the values of the traditional South and care to actually do anything to preserve our Southern culture are already a remnant. Mr Grissom offers a few practical suggestions for a Southern offensive, the most fundamental of which is the establishment of a major communications media -particularly a newspaper - to voice the viewpoint of the traditional South, in order to reach the everyday people of the South.
Southerners need to face the very real possibility that we in not very many years will be a minority in our own land. We are in fact facing a psychological, intellectual, and policy war of cultural and in effect even racial genocide aimed at destroying our culture and people beyond hope of recovery. Instead of rallying to the cause of the South in the long standing war for our survival, we as a society are blindly rallying to the Leviathan Jy regime that seeks to destroy us.	5;
The recent terrorist attacks on the US are very under-IE standably engendering calls for national unity to combat jg this very serious threat originating overseas. But the internal danger is a much more serious threat than any jg? possible overseas danger. The United States is thej? undisputed military power of the world. It cannot in the if foreseeable future be destroyed from without. Will people ignore the pleas of this book, even more than they already have, in order to concentrate on an external enemy, all the while doing nothing to stop the truly devastating corrosion on going within our own society? The danger is very real that in our zeal to defend America against terrorism, we will further erode liberty at home and promote even more the alien, destructive concept of ‘one America,’ which means Yankee left-liberal dominance and the end of the South as we have known it, not to mention, with current political and demographic trends, the end of America as a European and Western dominated society.
As Maggie Gallagher, a New York syndicated columnist has written since the terrorist attacks, the real threat to Western civilisation is not from terrorists or foreign arms but from the ‘dramatic, sustained collapse’ of the birthrates of the Western countries, together with the immigration of non-Westerners to our lands. Within a century, under current trends, Spain and Italy will become majority Muslim. The West is committing the unthinkable — a slow, steady suicide, and the South is blindly following suit.
Now, in the midst of the clamouring for ‘one America’ in the war on terrorism, more courage than ever will be required to save even a remnant of our ancient culture and land we love so much. The South, at least much of it, could still be saved. But Southerners will have to seriously assert themselves within the next decade or so to save any more than a remnant of our culture and people. The South cannot wait to act for the conclusion of a war on terrorism, which may last for years or decades, or even longer. At the very least, a remnant can be preserved, but surely that is an unacceptable and unhonourable result people who have truly been one of the great peoples e earth.
Tr William Cawthon is one of the founding members he League of the South and resides in Georgia.

Subscribe today
he Edgefield Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC 29824
An independent newspaper for all the Confederacy, believing in the cause of constitutional government. Send $12.00 for one year, and $24.00 for 2 years. Clip & mail
Name
Address