Sou 9 • No. 1
Ftrsi Issn: oi 2004
$4.50
Passion Nation
by Joe Scotchie
Prior to its release date, anyone could see that the Mel Gibson's deeply moving film. The Passion of The Christ, was going to be a huge success. How big it has been, however, went well beyond any and all expectations. It may end up being the highest grossing motion picture in film history.
How'd it happen? First, there was Gibson's savvy public relations campaign. He allowed harmless conservatives such as Rush Limbaugh to view and then praise the film, thus giving it respectability to those millions of Americans who have no respect for the corporate media. (Continued on page 14)
The Fallacy of Scapegoating
by Reinhard Dearing
Southerners have long been the scapegoats for most of the perceived ills of America. Our history, motives, and way of life have become a convenient caricature, a place to put the blame, thereby avoiding honest logic and real issues. If anyone should understand the fallacy and destructiveness of scapegoating, it is the Southern people. (Continued on page 18)
b> George Tonic/.sko
I hese two schemes of thought must be classified as intellectual toy s, as ideas to tease and educate us as we mature, but to be put aside with the things of childhood when we become serious students of life, (entire essay p. 22)
LEAGUE of THE SOUTH announces GREY BOOK (p.2)
BEREATH the SOUTHERNCROSS
by Mike Scruggs (p, 9)
WHAT HAVE YQU LEFT BEHIND? by Jeff Adams (p« 7)
Poetry- ''* >•|||||j PIBROCH of SOUTHERN FEALTY by Art Livingston (p, 20) SECESSION HILL '	$	'
by Deborah Brinson (p.24)
Hollywood’s ‘Southern’ Accent
by Randall Ivey
The recent release of two major studio motion pictures. Cold Mountain and Big Fish, serve to remind movie-going Southerners of the peculiar relationship Hollywood has had with Dixie since the inception of cinematic art more than a hundred y ears ago. The first directorial master, the first great movie director, was a Southerner. D .W Griffith of Kentucky . Griffith's narrative innovations and stunning experiments with editing and (Continued on page 15)
Southern Events
< 2003 All rights rcsenwi Southern Events is published quarterly. Articles may be reproduced IN ENTIRETY ONLY and credit must be given to the author AND Southern Ewnts, stating: ‘Subscriptions S16 yearly, PO Box 2517, Selma, AL 36702.’ Opinions herein are those of the author, and publication does not equal endorsement If you submit an essay for publication, first serial rights must be given to Southern Events. It must be on PC format diskette, or emailed. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography for cultural distinctiveness.
Editor NatG Rudulph
Email: southerner entsTo;postmark.net
---'• - - ' '
The League of the South announced the completion of The Grey Book, a long awaited compilation of strategy and wisdom on reclaiming Dixie.
The League will hold its 2004 Annual Conference as well as the 1st annual Southern National Convention in Montgomery. Alabama, on Friday and Saturday. 15-16 October. Call 800.888.3163 for the details.
Political Correctness Turns to Victory in Selma, Alabama. With the efforts of Pat Godwin and others, an act of PC was transformed into an opportunity to advance Confederate heritage. The local historical commission had removed the word "Confederate' from the site of the naval foundry just prior to a local weekend-long event highlighting antebellum homes and other local attractions. Thanks to Pat's call for pickets to 'mess up' their ev ent, and the response of hundreds of folks from die area and as far away as California, the committee asked. ‘What do we need to do for you to call off the pickets. Pat?*
Pat told them she wanted a sign as big or bigger than the original, reading 'Original site of Confederate foundry and ironworks. 1861 - J865', with a sketch drawing of the CSS Tennessee, the Brooke Camion and Commander Catcsby Jones with historical information printed on the sign, a walking interpretation tour with informational kiosks depicting our view of the War Betw een the States, and die importance of the Confederate Foundry to the cause All this was agreed to, illustrating how much can be accomplished by a few who are willing to take the time to write a letter, make a phone call, send an email, or show up to demonstrate
America Culturally Divided. A recent Zogby poll discovered that the Red states (who went for Bush in 2000) and the Blue states (Gore) arc 'deeply divided by {xjIi tics and v a lues Among other things, the poll asked whether you accept or reject the ‘values' of former
President Clinton and his ‘wife' Hillary. 56% of Red state inhabitants reject the Clintons. Almost half of the Blue state folks embrace them. 70% of Reds reject the idea of same-sex 'marriage.’ 42% of Blues support the notion. A 51% of Reds say they own a gun, while 64% of Blues do not. Red state folks go to church more often than Blues. Of the 29 Red states, 13 (counting Missouri and Kentucky) are formerly Confederate.
Christians(?) Say There is No Absolute Truth. A recent poll showed 66% of Americans no longer believ e there is such a thing as 'absolute truth.' More disturbing, though, was the fact that 53% of those not believ ing in absolute truth identified themselves as born again Christians; 75% of whom were mainline Protestants.
Pollster George Gallup Jr. noticed this in ‘The People's Religion: American Faith' in the 90's. 'While religion is highly popular in America,' he states, 'it is to a large extent superficial. There is a knowledge gap between American's stated faith and the lack of the most basic knowledge about that faith.’
In short, self-identified Christians in the 90s are Biblically ignorant. Doctrine has become less important than good feelings; indeed, a USA Today survey found that, of the 56% of Americans who attend church, 45% did so because ‘it s good for you,’ 26% went for peace of mind. Specific doctrines, the pollster noted, seemed unimportant.
If the notions of ‘truth and ‘doctrine are becoming unimportant to Christians, can the idea of ‘sin hope to surv iv e? Probably not; 25% of Christians polled in 1993 believed sin to be ‘an outdated concept.’ (National Coalition for Children and Family)
Bathhouse Buzz. New York City can boast of a new fad: the use of methamphetamine is 'sweeping through Manhattan's gay ghettos.' Crystal meth helps queers to indulge in days-long sex binges in New York's numerous bathhouses. The drug seems to be contributing to increased cases of AIDS and syphilis amongst New York's 'gays.' One AIDS specialist says the drug is ‘destroying our community, and no one is doing any thing about it.' Recent research shows that more than 75,000 New Yorkers have AIDS, a level of infection ‘usually seen in Third World nations.’
Pilgrimage Stampede. Over 300 people were killed in February in a stampede in Mecca during a ritual (part of the Moslem holy celebration Hid a-Fitah) where Moslems stone three pillars believed to be the personification of Satan. 270 were killed in a 1994 stampede, and over 1,400 in 2000 1,500 were crushed to death in 1990 With up to two million near-hy sterical pilgrims swarming the site, the Saudis are reluctant to
Sou thorn I iron is
Vo L. 9 • No. 1
lake the blame Saudi officials say the deaths arc ‘God's una\oidablc will.' Fid was recently commemorated on a LIS postage stamp.
Discrimination? A debate is raging at the Morgan-tow ip W est Virginia Islamic Center as to whether women can pray in the same ‘space* as men. Daily prayers have become a source of stress at the Mosque, where certain Moslem females arc refusing to pray upstairs, separate from the men Women are also required to enter through a back door One woman expressed fear that ‘some man might throw acid on my face.' An expert on Islam says ‘they are trying to hold onto their culture.' Turmoil is beginning to spread into the community, as altercations are being reported to the police.
Assimilation Under Siege. An early 2004 protest march in Paris turned violent as Muslim extremists car-bombed a Muslim ‘senior public official.'The Muslim's appointment to a high government post was meant to show that Mohammedans can advance in French society. But probably half of France's Muslims object to a Muslim becoming ‘ French.' The French government has since passed a ban on w earing of Islamic headscarves (hijab) in an attempt to ‘integrate' Muslims into French society. Thousands of Muslim women across France marched in support of the scarves. Reports say that Muslims are becoming increasingly polarised on the issue of assimilation.
CAIR Discovers Alabama. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has received reports from Alabama that license departments are requiring that Muslim women remove their Muslim-mandated headscarves before posing for the their license photos. CAIR say s that the scarves are not equivalent to ball caps and would not hinder a peace officer from identify ing the driver, as the women wear them all the time. After an enquiry by the Washington-based Muslim civil rights group, it appears that Alabama will direct that the scarves may be worn.
A Monument Displaying The Ten Commandments was removed from a city park in Boise. Idaho. The City Council made the decision when threatened with a lawsuit by anti-homosexual militant Rev. Fred Phelps of Topeka. Kansas The reverend had been denied a permit to erect an anti-gay monument in the same park Phelps cited a I Oth U S C ircuit Court of Appeals ruling that a city displaying the fen C ommandments must also display monuments espousing other beliefs Rather than submit to the suit and the legal wrangling that would no doubt wind up in federal court, the city removed the monument
No Bill of Rights for DC? A federal judge says that Washington DCs 28 year old gun control law is
constitutional.' The judge dismissed a lawsuit backed by the NR A, saying that ‘the Second Amendment does not confer an individual a right to possess firearms Rather, the Amendment's objective is to ensure the v itality of state militias.' The judge went on to say that the Second Amendment was designed to protect the citizens against a potentially tyrannical federal government. U S. District Judge Reggie B.Walton also ruled that the Second Amendment was designed to protect state citizens, and since DC is not a state the Second Amendment does not apply to its citizens.
A Federal Judge Had Said It Could Go To Trial, but a jury of citizens in Kansas showed better judgment. They ruled that Southwest Airlines was not guilty of discrimination and causing phy sical and emotional distress to two passengers. The alleged injury ? A flight attendant, in trying to get passengers seated, said over the intercom, 'Eenie, meenie, minie, moe; pick a seat, we gotta go.' Two black women claimed they' were "humiliated and degraded' by what they thought to be a racist rhyme popular during the hateful days 'before the civil rights era.'
United Nuwaubian Nation of Moors leader Malachi York was convicted in Brunswick. Georgia of child molestation and racketeering. The sect's headquarters is near Eatonton, Georgia. The good people of Eatonton have been putting up with the Nuwaubians since 1993. when the pseudo-religious cult of African Americans moved to central Georgia from New York. The Nuwaubians are a mutated form of the Nation of Islam. They dress themselves up as Egy ptian pharaohs, mummies and birds. They have also declared themselves to be Jews and American Indians. York blames his ordeal on racism. Residents hope that the conv ictions mean ‘it's over with.'
Meanwhile, Back in Africa, liberated South Africa is experiencing an increase in the of the persecution of women as witches. An academic study found that ‘deteriorating social relations in black communities' is responsible for the escalation. Many women have been killed and others chased away from their homes. The report notes that rural folk need to be taught that such natural phenomena as illness and lightning strikes arc not caused by witchcraft.
Untouchables. Cities such as Los Angeles. San Diego. New York, and Houston have 'sanctuary laws' that forbid police officers from enforcing immigration laws. Officers cannot enquire about or report a suspect's immigration status, even though the action might result in the (often repeat) criminal's deportation. Police can be severely disciplined for arresting an illegal alien for
being illegal, or for reporting the illegal to the INS. These policies Reflect the growing power of immigrant activist ami lobbying groups, and the fact that politicians arc afraid of alienating the Hispanic vote. Currently, 95 Bsiibt of all outstanding homicide w arrants in Los Amicles arc for illegal aliens.
Imperial Perks. Chalmers Johnson, in a new book called The Somms of Empire: Militarism. Secrecy; and :|-End of the Republic, reveals the following factoids about the U S military. The Defense Department Maintains a fleet of 71 Lear jets. 13 Gulfstream Ills and 17 Cessna luxury jets. The DoD also keeps a ski resort in the Bavarian Alps, and 234 golf courses around the
mm?
world The Secretary of Defense is entitled to a private Boeing 757. The U S maintains (through maintenance and service contractors) 702 overseas bases in 130 countries (not counting recently occupied Kosovo. Iraq.
Afghanistan. Kuwait. Kyrgyzstan,
Qatar and Uzbekistan). Over 250,000 uniformed personnel are deployed overseas
Western Men Rule. The author of the 1990s best seller The Bell Curve (which made a genetic case for why blacks generally have lower IQs than ‘whites' and Asians) has published a new book arguing that Western (as in Western civilisation) men are responsible for the vast majority of the greatest cultural, scientific and artistic achievements in history Charles Murray documents that 95% of these achievements and inventions of the last thousand years I come from the people of four countries: England, Germany France and Italy. Part of Murray's motivation for writing Human Accomplishment: the Pursuit of\ Excellence in the Arts and Sciences. 800 BC to 1950\ was to counter the current trend disparaging dead white males ' Wh> read Toni Morrison when we have Joseph Conrad'** asks Murray Stating the obvious, of course, has earned him the rage of feminists, multiculturalists, and globalists in general.
Neutered ( ulture. C hronicles (via the Washington} Times) reports that the Bush administration is moving forward with something called the International Baccalaureate Program for American schools. The US Department of Education is funding the United Nations-
designed program, which teaches 4a set of culturally neutral universal values to which all people aspire' Secretary of Education Rod Paige announced, "We are ever mindful of the lessons of September 11, one of which is that all future measures of a rigorous K-12 education must include a solid grounding in other cultures...’.
Protecting Our Children. The U S Department of Health and Human Services has begun a new campaign to prevent "bullying' and "youth violence' in schools. "Bullying is something that we cannot ignore,’ said HHS
THE EMPIRE’S FOREIGN POLICY AND DOMESTIC MISMANAGEMENT HAS LED TO ANOTHER FINE MESS THAT AFFECTS ALL OF US...AGAIN!
Secretary Tommy G. Thompson. The campaign, called Take A Stand. Lend A Hand. Stop Bullying Now'! is designed to put an end to the 'imbalance of power' between bullies and the bullied. Targeted behaviours include pushing, shoving, gossiping, cold-shouldering and teasing. In recognition of the seriousness of the bully crisis. Secretary Thompson did not waste precious time explaining how the Constitution authorizes the feds to involve themselves in such matters.
Protecting Marriage. President Bush announced a new program designed to promote health} marriages.' He wants to use $1.5 billion worth welfare fluids over the next five years for TV and radio ads extolling marriage, and to provide for government-run marriage counseling.
Vol. 9 • No. 1
As a sop to ‘religious conservatives' (who apparently have no more idea than Bush of how the Constitution is supposed to function) Bush also proposed a constitutional amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman. He did not address how the welfare system has been destroying families for 40 years.
Judge Roy Moore Says Proposed Amendment Will Fail and proposed other amendments, one of which would remove public religious expressions from court jurisdiction and another which would restrain activism.
A Federal Appeals Court Upheld Florida's ban on the adoption of children by homosexuals. The judges ruled that the Supreme Court's decision striking down the Texas anti-sodomy law does not establish a right for queers to adopt children. The judges, in a statement that showed a rare understanding of the Constitution said. ‘The legislature is the proper forum for this debate, and we [will notj award by judicial decree what was not achievable by political consensus.' These guys are no doubt the laughing stock of the federal judiciary. Judicial rectification, similar to the next item, is sure to follow.
A Federal Appeals Court Struck Down Virginia's partial-birth abortion ban. The judge said the law violates women's ‘privacy rights.’ A spokeswoman for the Center for Reproductive Rights said, ‘Courts across the country - including the US Supreme Court - have been clear that such bans are an unconstitutional threat to women's health and lives.' The Virginia Attorney General (the idea of resisting federal tyranny apparently never having entered his head) says he will appeal to yet another federal court.
Decrepit Dogma. The State of Ohio approved a science curriculum that critically assesses evolution and includes the theory of intelligent design. The central (and empathically atheistic) tenet of evolution (more accurately called neo-Darwinism) is that life began by accident and evolved to its current state through mutation and natural selection. The intelligent design theory says that elements of life (a cell, an eye, a brain) are too complex and well ordered to have developed through random forces. The scientific establishment is in panic mode as its decrepit dogma collapses. Insight into the debate is provided by Phillip Johnson in Darwin on Trial. 'Prominent Darwinists such as Harvard's Richard Lcwontin and Stephen Jay Gould have proudly claimed Marxist inspiration for their biological theories.'
Bill Pryor Got His Judas Money by Chuck Baldw in. After Pryor's betrayal of Chief Justice Moore, many people were left wondering, 'Who or what got to Bill Pryor?' The answer is obvious:
Karl Rove and a promised federal judgeship.
The Bush White House, through Rove, had clandestinely opposed Roy Moore since he ran for Alabama Chief Justice. When they could not defeat Moore at the polls, they decided to defeat him through the federal courts. To accomplish this, they needed a Judas from inside Alabama. Enter Bill Pry or.
It quickly became obvious to Rove that Pryor was their man. With the promise of a federal judgeship, lie would turn against Chief Justice Moore and help assure Moore's removal from the bench. Pry or lived up to his end of the bargain and now Bush and Rove have lived up to their end. Last Friday, President Bush used a recess appointment to install Pry or as a federal appeals court judge. The Judas money has been paid.
When you read Bill Pry or's remarks at Chief Justice Moore's 'trial,' you will be instantly impressed with the fact that Pry or is a firm believer in transjudicialism. He actually believes that federal judges do not merely interpret the law, they are the law. Pryor suffers from the same disease that many in the judiciary' seem to suffer from these days: the belief that a judge's opinion, not the Constitution, is law of the land.
In Pry or's world, there is no freedom of conscience. In Pry or's world, a judge's ruling is superior to moral, natural, or even divine law. In Pryor's world, a federal judge is a de facto king.
However, Bill Pryor is even worse than a judicial t>rant. He is a Judas turncoat who obtained his position by lying to Governor Fob James and the people of Alabama and by betraying a man far greater in honour and character than himself.
Eliminate All Your Bank Credit Card Debt!
We did not say ‘Reduce It!’ We did not say ‘Consolidate It!’ Read Clearly:
Legally Eliminate All Your Credit Card Debt Now!!
100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!
For more information please call Julie at 864.639.0604
6 5i>«moro
Vol. 9 •	1
Joe Scotchie
+++
The Hunted Ones
Till debate o\cr affirmative action has. t\ picallv enough, caught Beltway conservatives off-guard and flat-footed.
The left, to the right's consternation. gladK plays the race card, claiming that in college and graduate school admissions, in hiring and promotions, race should 'matter.' And why shouldn*t thc> I As America speeds towards a Third World future, the multiculturalists have all the momentum on their side. Conservatives, meanwhile, are stuck talking about a 'colorblind society' quoting Martin Luther King. Jr., without acknowledging, as Paul Gottfried points out. that King himself supported affirmative action, quotas, and reparations.
Most conservatives shy away from the race issue, preferring to dwell on cultural differences and above all, economic matters. The issue is an ancient one, a matter of tribalism People, for the most part, prefer to be among their own kind. Congregating in tribes, they seek protection from an alien, hostile, and predatory world.
While East Coast conservatives have alienated themselves from the real America, the other side has put the pedal to the floor. Is the US government antiwhite? For sure, there are bureaucrats in Washington who view the 21 st century as payback time for all that occurred in centuries past. Moreover, the government’s policies are demonstratively antiwhite. Those aren’t Martians filing class action suits against various affirmative action programs. Furthermore, there is the ongoing campaign of culturM genocide, one all too familiar to Southern patriots Paramount to this is the rewriting of textbooks and calendars ~ At a diner in my neighbourhood, one with artifacts of the 1940s and *50s on the walls, there is a calendar for 1956. which shows dates for January and February The birthday s of Benjamin Franklin. Robert E. Lee, William McKinley, Douglas MacArthur, Franklin Delano Roosevelt in January , plus Abraham Lincoln and George Washington in February were marked by color portraits of all the above men on their respective birth date The calendar also listed the dale of the Battle of New Orleans (Jan 8). the birth date of the Southern Confederacy (Feb 4). and that year’s Ash Wednesday, plus a fish image for meatless Friday s.
Regardless of what we think of FDR and Lincoln, at least a spirit of goodwill existed between the regions.
4
4
America was a nation that could honour both Lincoln and Lee without rancor towards either side. Here was a nation that did not hate its past. Americans have not yet come to terms with the fact that such a nation no longer exists. Worse yet, millions and millions don't care.
Multiculturalism is driven by immigration and changing demographics. Euro-Americans, the media and political elites believe, are a terminally racist people who, given half a chance, would return to the segregation of yore. Plus, EA's, decadent as most of them are, have, for the past several decades, been the driving force behind what anti-big government movements there have ^ been in the country. Such movements have f alarmed the elites greatly. Therefore, immigration and the coming 'non-Hispanic white' minority' represent the 'final solution' to America's tribal situation. EA's will he put in their places for good, an impotent and insignificant minority incapable of ever doing any harm again.
The idea that the US government is anti white terrifies EA's. It just can't be so. Why do they hate us? EA's might ask. After all, EA's are a highly patriotic people. They support America's wars, they pay their taxes, and they obey each and all judicial edicts imposed on their communities. They get teary-eyed at renditions of Lee Greenwood’s comball tkGod Bless the USA” They are somber during Memorial Day gatherings and festive on the Fourth of July. This fear, if it does exist, is understandable. Alter all, the American government is the mightiest engine the world has yet seen. If it’s against you, you’re finished. Uncle Sam has a way of intimidating people into silence.
At the same time, a state of denial is, frankly, flat-out cowardly. Those folks who have some idea of what is happening have opted to drop out of a losing game. That would include the Amish, the homeschoolers. plus parents who send their children to good Christian academies or parochial schools, and those who have discarded the television set for a set of children s classics. Homeschoolers have their own networks, as do farmers, who. according to Wendell Berry; 'are working regionally or nationally for land conservations, better farming^ practices, community preservation, local marketing of food and other farm products. |and the] preservationJM agricultural breeds and varieties.' Such indcpendejjjl minded people move forward without regard to whateveg political party happens to be in power. They are tajj| the first baby steps towards regaining old-fndjT liberties. The rest arc just running as fast from a future they desperately seek to avoid.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a regular contributor to SE.


Vol. 9 • No. 1
Jeff Adams
+++
What Have You Left Behind?
One of the joys of having kids is watching them grow and seeing w hat complex 3 people they are even at a very Ij young age. To see yourself in your children, the good and bad qualities, is fascinating. Without a doubt, one of my greatest roles in life is that of “father," as I've come to realize my children will be the most valuable legacy I w ill leave behind in this world.
A couple of years ago. my then 8-year-old son and I were practicing our guitar lessons. We take lessons together, and I'm glad he's chosen to do so at a y oung age rather than blowing it off. as I did when I was a kid, and doing it now so late in the game. As to how I got hooked into taking guitar lessons. I'll save you the details. Let's just say I'm doing it for my son's sake.
My son was having some difficulty with positioning his fingers to make a particular chord, and was getting upset and wanted to quit for the evening. I told him, 'Don't get so discouraged. It may seem hard now, but if you keep practicing, when you are older, it will be easier and you'll enjoy playing the guitar.' Jokingly, I added, 'And besides, the girls will love it.' My son's response was, 'Daddy, I don't care about girls, I just want to be famous.' My son's statement brought back some memories from my own childhood.
When I was nine, I remember reading a book about Babe Ruth. I thought about how here was a guy who had been dead for years, but people still talked about him. and his life seemed to have mattered. I told my mother that I wanted to be famous and do something that people would remember. My explanation to her consisted was that if I did something great, then people would remember me, otherwise, once you were dead, that was it and it would be as if you w ere never bom.
My mother was taken aback by my comments. I still don't know how much of her shock was because she didn't think a little boy could, or would, think of such things, and how much it was because she felt I was setting myself to be focused on things in life that weren't necessarily of a Christian bent. Either way. this idea of needing to accomplish something “important" so as to be remembered ate at me throughout my youth, and
even to a certain degree in my early adulthood. As time went by and I matured and experienced my share of successes and failures, I came to the same realization that the majority of people do: 'I'm not going to be famous, and I'm not necessarily going to do anything great I'll be remembered for.' Like most people, I got on with my life, and it's been a pretty good one so far, with no real regrets. However, I was wrong about my not doing something great.
I've come to understand that people don't realize just what an impact they v Siill can have on others and how this can :*:'**™* have a lasting effect, even if they aren't recognized for their actions. As an example, think about that great Jimmy Stewart movie It 's a Wonderful Life. It show s how one seemingly insignificant man can have a radical impact on the lives of hundreds, even thousands, of people. Every one influences others daily when they interact with people. I might not be remembered by the world, or ever have a book written about my life, but I still have the ability to affect some people's lives for the better.
Here's an example: At my ten-year high school reunion, my best friend from high school wanted to 'have a good time' and was drinking. I wasn't interested in drinking. He kept pushing and I kept declining. He got mad. but eventually dropped it. I thought nothing of this scenario.
Months later, my buddy called me and said that the fact I wouldn't drink that night made him think about his own actions. He took an assessment of his life and decided that he needed to turn in another direction. Eventually; he left his job as a police officer and entered a seminary. He put behind him the life of a law enforcement officer, and facing the daily grind of the dark side of humanity'. In its stead, he pursued becoming a minister.
Eventually, my friend and his wife both went through seminary and ended up taking their kids with them as they went overseas to be missionaries (which had been a secret wish of his wife's even before they married). Today my friend runs a missionary school overseas that educates locals who have been saved so they can minister to their fellow country men. What started off as a mission with just he and his wife has grown into hundreds going around that country spreading the Gospel of Christ.
I can't take any credit for what God has done through my friend and his family. All I can say is that my one small action pricked the conscience of my friend and he reconsidered his life choices. It caused him to open up his heart and listen to God. One small, seemingly insignificant act helped cause a chain reaction that has led to the salv ation of hundreds, and hopefully eventually
VOL. 9 • No. 1
millions in another country.
1 didn't do anything great in this scenario. I was being m> self that night (definitely my better self, which is not alw a> $ the ease) I 'm happy for my friend and his family. Thev most likely won't ever become famous, but they are doing a great work. Their lives have meaning. I don't feel led to become a missionary, but I can look back and see that God used me in a small way to move His sen ant, m> friend, to take a leap of faith and do great things. This helps give my life meaning, knowing God used me. no matter how small the part. The fact that from that night at our high school reunion until they hit the shores of Thailand was seven years only shows that things happen in God's time, not ours. I had a small role in these events, but it seems to have been a key role.
Looking around at people alive today that society proclaims as "great." or "famous," I see much that isn't worth having. 1 don't want the divorces that seem to follow celebrities and highly successful people, I don't want die press peering into even little aspect of my private life. I don't want to sacrifice time with my family for work and the pursuit of material things, and I definitely don't w ant photographers follow ing me around try ing to catch me picking my nose or scratching myself. Most of the so-called famous people of today appear to be actually very7 shallow and troubled. I wouldn't trade
places with any of them.
I realize that my desire to leave something behind of myself that has meaning is natural. My mistake in my youth was in thinking that it could only be something big that I did myself. I now know that I've got something much more important to leave behind than my own personal deeds. I’ve got two children that will hopefully be here when I leave this earth. What they do in their lives will reflect on how well I’ve raised them.
The most important thing I can do to impact the world is to set a good example for my kids and do my best to raise them up to be good, honest, Christians who will go out into the w7orld to be the “salt and light'’ for others. By being a good husband, I set an example for my son how to treat women, and show my daughter what qualities she should look for in a man. By having a solid marriage, my wife and I show7 our kids what they should aspire to concerning their hopes for marriage one day. The ripple effect of raising up two kids who will go out into the world, touching the lives of others is a great legacy. I won’t get famous for doing it, but I will have a tremendous impact on the lives of countless others due to my efforts. I don’t need to be famous. What matters is that I will know, and so will God. That should be enough to make any life worth living.
Mr Jeff Adams is a regular contributor to SE.
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
■V; ■
Truth is error's best antagonist!'
From Union To Empire: Essays in the Jeffersonian Tradition 343pp by Clyde Wilson, selections from 300+ articles & essays 24.95 Hampton & His Redshirts: South Carolina's Deliverance in 1867 460 pp PB by A. B. Williams-An Account of Reconstrucion 18.00 The Birth of a Nation first full length movie ever made, highly acclaimed (1915-Silent) 160 minutes. video18.00, DVD 20.00 The Truth About Slavery 250pp by Gary C. Walker, Yankees wrote the history - here's the truth !	33.0^
North Against South: The American llliad 1848-1877 PB 301 pp by L. Johnson Vicksburg & The War 160pp (11 x 8.5) 122 photos, 72 illus. by Cotton/Giambrone
Quantrill of Missouri: The Making of a Guerilla Warrior: The Man, the Myth, the Soldier 504 pp by Peterson Hunter's Fiery Raid through Virginia Valleys 450pp Only detailed account of Hunters Campaign by Gary C. Walker Union and Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun 656 pp Edited by Lance Gentleman & Soldier:The Extraordinary Life of Gen. Wade Hampton 366 pp by E G. Longacre Stonewll Jackson: The Spiritual Side PB 94 pp by E. T Myers
A Confederate Catechism PB 63 pp by Lyon G. Tyler - the Author is the son of President John Tyler
General Kirby-Smith 293 pp by A H Noll - Reprint of the 1907 edition
Defend This Old Town: Williamsburg During the Civil War 440 pp by C. K. Dubbs
652 Sixteenth Avenue. NW Birmingham. Alabama 35215 (205)854-2690 (205)853-0967
Vol. 9 • No. 1
Mike Scruggs
Southern
Commentary
+++
Beneath the Southern Cross
by Mike Scruggs
f | tie Confederate Battle Flag, sometimes called the X Southern Cross, is held in disfavour by many who are unfamiliar with its origin and true symbolism. Many have been taught to treat it as an object of moral horror and political infamy. A deadly combination of ignorance and arrogant self-righteousness is constantly engaged in shouting down its true history and meaning. Demagogues freely defame it, while moral cowardice acquiesces to their outrageous distortions of the truth. The apathetic allow its true history to be buried under decades of slanderous propaganda. It is incumbent upon those who value truth, fairness, good will, reasonable tolerance, and charity in society to educate themselves on the true history and meaning of this famed banner.
In order to understand and fully appreciate the meaning and heritage of the Confederate Battle Flag it is necessary to reach back far into history and then come forward to the battlefields of its fame. Finally we must v isit the hallowed resting-places of the fallen and of the veterans of that historic struggle.
The salient design feature of the Battle Flag is its diagonal cross or saltire. This has for many centuries been a preeminent Christian symbol. The first language of the New Testament was Greek. In the Greek alphabet the name of Christ begins with the Greek letter "X”or "Chi.” Early in the history of the Christian church the Greek letter "X” or "Chi” became a symbol for Christ and Christianity.
Furthermore, the unique martyrdom of Andrew, the first Apostle of Christ and brother of Simon Peter, reinforced the association of the letter "X” or diagonal cross with Christianity, especially among those people in Europe who would make Andrew their patron saint.
According to ecclesiastical history, on 30 November AD 60. during the reign of the infamous Roman Emperor. Nero, in the town of Petrae in Greece. Andrew was put to death by Roman authorities by ty ing him upside down to a diagonal or X-shaped cross. This was later to influence the Christian symbolism of far-off Scotland. About 357 AD. during the reign of Constantine, some of the bones and relics of Andrew were removed from Petrae to Constantinople. According to various legends some of these were eventually moved to a monastery near |a small Pictish village on the East Coast of Scotland. Some legends have these relics coming as early as 362 AD. A more reliable account has them arriving in 733, brought by Acca. Bishop of Hexham, a collector of such relics. The town that grew up there was renamed St. Andrews and became the ecclesiastical capital of Scotland and a center of learning. Hence there began to be an identification of Scotland with St. Andrew and the diagonal cross on which he was marty red.
In the year 832, Angus MacFergus, King of the Piets, with a combined army of Piets and Dalriada Scots, repulsed Athelstan, King of the Northumbrian Angles, driving them out of Scotland and back into Northumbrian England. Various legends attend this battle, including the appearance of a white diagonal cross in the blue sky on that day. Whatever is behind the legends, the bottom line was that Angus, the Piets, and the Scots attributed their victory and route of the Angles to the intercessory assistance of Saint Andrew. All this is clouded in the fog of history and legend. There is also another reason that Angus MacFergus might have felt a particular connection with Saint Andrew. The meaning of Andrew, of Angus, and of Fergus is "strong” or "steady.” Saint Andrew was eventually recognized as the Patron Saint of Scotland.The Scottish national flag, also called the St. Andrews Cross, is a white diagonal cross or saltire on a field of blue. It has been the national symbol and flag of Scotland at least since early in the 12th centurv.
The important thing about the St. Andrews flag to the Scots was that it was an identification of themselves as
Vol. 9 0 JVo. 1

I Christian people Many European nations chose thd cross in various designs to identify themselves as Christian nations The English flag is a red perpendicular cross, called St Georges Cross, on a field of white.
Saint George's Cross The English Flag
The British national or union flag contains the English St Georges Cross with the diagonal St. Andrews Cross of Scotland, and the red diagonal St. Patricks Cross representing Northern Ireland. All the Scandinavian countries including Finland use a cross in their flags. The Swiss and Greek flags also contain crosses. This was meant to identify themselves as Christian nations.
Saint Patrick's Cross	The	Union Jack
Flag of Ireland	British	National Flag
The Southern Cross or Confederate Battle Flag with its white trimmed blue diagonal on a red field is a descendent of the Scottish Saint Andrews Cross. As we shall see it w as meant to be a preeminently Christian self-identification of the Southern people.
On 20 December 1860. the elected delegates of the South Carolina Secession Convention met in St. Andrews Hall in Charleston. Note the irony of their meeting place. One of the 169 delegates was US Congressman and future Confederate Congressman. William Porcher Miles. William Miles had a very7 keen interest and knowledge of heraldry Besides their famous Palmetto Flag, the South Carolinians had prepared a special South Carolina Sovereignty Flag for the occasion. This flag was to be raised over the convention hall and at the same time at Yale University7 by Southern sympathizers on the day of the convention. The South Carolina Sovereignty' Flag, which probably had the touch of William Miles, was a white trimmed, blue St. Georges Cross on a field of red. It had a white Palmetto and Crescent in the upper left canton. On the blue cross were 15 while stars, probably representing the hope of a 15 state Confederacy . Again, the important thing about this flag was that its symbolism identified with Christianity.
One of the underlying causes of the war, which may have been peripheral to many people, but central to others. w7as the grow ing religious difference between North and South. By 1850 the original Calvinism of New England Puritans had been in steep decline for generations. The Calvinism and orthodox Christianity of the Puritan fathers was being eroded and displaced by Deism. Unitarianism, Universalism, and Transcendentalism, the antecedents of modern liberalism and humanism. A few strong bastions like Princeton remained, but the authority of Scripture, the sovereignty of God, and the centrality of Christ's redeeming grace were fighting a rearguard battle against secularism and various heretical "isms.” The Pelagian and man-centered preaching of Charles G.
Finney further weakened the theology of Northern Christianity. The godly zeal of the first Puritans had been replaced by zeal to reform society by government force.
The South on the other hand was not only holding fast to its orthodox faith, the authority7 of Scripture, and the centrality' of Christ, but w as experiencing dramatic revival, culminating in more than 150,000 conversions in the Confederate Army* alone during die w ar. A moderate to strong Calvinism prevailed in most denominations. These growing religious differences caused considerable anxiety and mistrust of Northern goodwill in the South, especially after John brown’s 1859 raid on the arsenal at Harper's Ferry, Virginia (now West Virginia). John Brown, a self-righteous fanatic and cold-blooded murderer of innocent Kansas fanners in 1856 was hanged bv federal authorities, but he w as made a hero and martyr in the North by the press, and also, most alarmingly, many famous Northern preachers. Many famous Northern pulpits compared John Brown s hanging to the martyrdom of Christ. Here for example are the words of Unitarian Transcendentalist, Julia Ward Howe, who composed the words of The Battle Hymn of the Repubtkjm ’John Brown will glorify the gallows like Jesus glorifieaj the cross.' A few other famous admirers of this terrongj that became important in the liberal propaganda ver$«| of American history and culture were RcvcrendJB Ward Beecher, Henry7 David Thorcau, and RalpfolB Emerson. Those interested in knowing more abilifHI shameful truth of the matter should read Otto Scott's thoroughly researched 1979 book. The Secret Six-John Brown and the Abolitionist Movement. Manv statements glorify ing such lawless violence in the name of abolition
Vol. 9 • No. 1
alarmed the South and intensified their desire to disassociate themselves with the North. It also further intensified in Southerners their desire to identify themselves as a distinctively Christian people.
Because of his knowledge of heraldry, the now Confederate Congressman from South Carolina, William Porcher Miles, was appointed Chairman of the congressional committee to select a national flag for the newly formed Confederate States of America. On the deadline date of 4 March 1861, the work of the committee was presented to the Confederate Congress. Out of numerous suggestions the committee had narrowed the field down to four choices.
One of these choices was William Miles' own. It was essentially the South Carolina Sovereignty Flag except that the cross was changed from a St. Georges Cross to a diagonal St. Andrews Cross, and of course, without the Palmetto canton. There were only seven stars on it, however, because on March 4th only seven states had properly seceded and joined the Confederacy. This made it asymmetrical and was one of the reasons it was rejected as the new National Flag. The flag chosen was the “Stars and Bars'' which had a circle of seven white stars on an upper left, blue canton and three horizontal bars red, white, and red. One of the main reasons this flag was chosen over Miles' St. Andrews Cross was that the “Stars and Bars’* was close in resemblance to the United States Flag. At that time the Confederate Congress wanted to keep its identification with the 1787 US Constitution. They believed they had been faithful to it, but the Northern states, especially the Northeastern industrial states had continually tried to undermine it for Northern profit at Southern expense.
economy. The Confederate Congress passed over William Miles' St. Andrews Cross for the Stars and Bars, but Miles did not give up promoting his choice for some honourable Southern use.
In the early battles of the war, it was noted that there was often confusion on the battlefield because of the similarity of the Stars and Bars to the US flag. After the First Battle of Manasas both Generals P. G. T. Beauregard and his commander, Joseph E. Johnston were convinced that there was a need to change the flag. Battlefield commanders needed to be able to identify their troops and positions on the field despite the smoke and dust without confusion. As it happened Congressman William Miles was now serving on Beauregard's staff, and was also now Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee. As the Confederate Congress did not favour changing the national flag. Miles suggested the Army of the Potomac (later renamed the Army of Northern Virginia) should have a special battle flag. Hundreds of suggestions were received from Confederate officers and officials. Most of these were crosses of some sort. Miles prevailed in his suggestion that his original St. Andrews Cross choice for the national flag be used as the needed battle flag for the regiments of the Army of Northern Virginia (ANV). It was modified by putting a white border around the edges. Now that there were more states in the Confederacy the stars were more symmetrical and the flag was very attractive. Johnston determined that the ANV battle flag would be square at the suggestion of the Quartermaster, General William Cabell, in order to save cloth and money. The Southern Cross was officially accepted as a battle flag on 1 October 1861. It was not used as the battle flag by every regiment in the ANV, however. Some already had battle flags they wished to keep. The first battle flags had only 12 stars, but the 13th was added in early 1862, making its symmetry complete. The ANV battle flag eventually spread to the Army of Tennessee and other Confederate Armies. The Army of Tennessee used a rectangular version without the white edging, which also became the Naval Jack and is the most common Battle Flag today.
The Stars and Bars Our First National Flag
This is itself a clue to two other important causes of the war. The Southern belief was in a government of Law, i. e. strict constitutionalism versus majoritarian rule and manipulation of the Constitution. In addition the North had imposed enormous tariffs on manufactured goods that protected Northern industry at considerable expense to Southern agriculture, trade, and the Southern
Army of Tenn. Battleflag	Army of No. Va. Battleflag
There can be no doubt that the Confederate Battle Flag or Southern Cross was intended to be a banner
13 St tut horn Hvon is
Vol. 9 • No. 1


stgnifv mg the Christian heritage of the Southern people. The saltire or diagonal cross is the signal feature of that symbolism and is connected with the Christianity of ages past and of the marts rdom of the Apostle Andrew. The red field signifies courage. The blue of the saltire signifies truth In Scotland it had conic to have a special association with the truths of the Reformation. The w hite bordering of the cross signified the purity of their cause. One of the heraldic meanings of the saltire is strength, connected to the meaning of Andrew A letter written by William Porchcr Miles to Samuel Barrett of Georgia during the summer of 1S61 clearly indicates the reasoning and intent of its principal designer and sponsor:
The flag should be a token of humble acknow ledgement of God and be a public testimony to the w orld that our trust is in the Lord our God.'
This meaning was widely understood by Confederate soldiers and the Southern people. That is why they frequentlv referred to it as 'our Southern Cross.'
On 1 Ma> 1863 the Confederate Congress changed the national flag to '‘The Stainless Banner." This flag featured the square Battle Flag in the top left canton on a field of w hite.
The Stainless Banner Our Second National Flag
There was so much white in the fiag. however, it was feared it might easily be mistaken for a flag of surrender or truce. On 27 February 1865. just weeks before the end of the w ar. The Confederate Congress added a wide, vertical, red bar to the fiv end of the Stainless Banner, and elongated the canton slightly. This was the third and final CSA national fiag and contained the Battle Flag in the canton.

Tlic Southern Cross then had a very strong Christian association to Confederate soldiers and the Southern people. As celebrated Southern historian. Shelby Foote, has said, it also came to stand for Law. in the sense of a government of Law rather than a gov ernment subject to the whim of tyrants or majorities. In that regard it stood for a strict rather than opportunistic interpretation of Law and Constitutions. It also came to be a symbol of defiance against tyranny and the right of a free people to determine their own destiny. This may be one of its most enduring meanings. The flag has been seen all over the world in this regard, on the Berlin Wall, and in the capitals of the Baltic republics and Eastern Europe, wherever free people must resist tyranny and the modem scourge of political correctness.lt stood for limited government and federalism (States Rights) against the dangers of concentrated and centralized power. It stood for the principles of the constitutional federal republic
of 1787 that the South felt were threatened by Northern political philosophies and economic ambitions. It stood for the Rights gained and blood-sacrifices their forefathers had made in the Rev olutionary War. If there was one word used more often than anv other in the secession conventions, it was Honour. The Confederate Battle Flag came to signify the honor of the Confederate soldier and the Southern people. It has come to svmbo-lize the South itself with all its culture. These are not dead issues. It still symbolizes all of them. More than anything it must forever symbolize the sacrifice of fallen Confederate soldiers on the battlefields of their War for Southern Independence and also to the v eterans of those fields of honour.
The Confederate Battle Flag ought to be the honoured heritage of not only every Southerner, but every American.
Yet there are those who are willing to accept an ignominious degradation of truth and v enomous slandfi^ against the honour of the Confederate soldier in order maintain social peace in this and perhaps futi generations. There are those who arc willing to on the honor of noble ancestors, even | ancestors, in order to promote such a s There arc those to w hom heritage and nothing compared to present lav or with powerful political constituencies know no gods but current prosperity, their own personnel peace and But how long would a prosperity Of on such disrespect for truth last? peace based on suppres^m heritage last? How ttHT

Our Third National Flag
Vol. 9 0 JVo. 1
suppressing the memory, valour, and virtue of the revered forebears of a great number of the Southern people last? Docs anyone outside of madhouse believe such villainous stupidity would not in a very short time reap a whirlwind of social destruction? What could possibly be a surer cause of immense strife, bitterness, and economic and political turmoil? Can anyone believe that peace and prosperity can be achieved by discarding the heritage of a numerous people to gain the political favor of another? It is more likely to shatter all hope of peace. Can a society set itself against tolerance and mutual respect and have peace? Nay, no fair-minded person could believe such idiocy.
There are those who say that the display of the Confederate Battle Flag is insensitive. They say it is a symbol of slavery and offends many people. But their offense is based on ignorance of its true origin and history. Their offense and sensitivity is based on decades of unquestioned propaganda attempting to justify an unjust war and its deplorable tyranny and conduct. The men who carried the Southern Cross into battle never meant it to be a sy mbol of slavery. Their letters and diaries prove it was far from their minds. Not many of them owned slaves or favored its continued existence for very* long in the future. Less than 25% of Southern households owned slaves. Only about 20% of Confederate soldiers owned slaves, and only about one-third came from slave-holding families. So far as slavery w as concerned they only wanted the right to deal with it in their own way in their own time state by state, just as the Northern states, all of which had slavery in 1776. had done. The Union Army did not invade the South to free slaves. They invaded the South to enforce political unity and Northern economic and legislative dominance by bayonets. Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, on January 1, 1863, came after more than 19 months of war and did not actually free any slaves in the Union or Union held areas of the Confederacy . It w as done as a w ar measure in hopes of causing disorder in the South. Onlyr later was the slavery issue used in an attempt to give tyranny a pious justification. The Reverend James Power Smith, the last surviving member of Stonewall Jackson's staff had this to say in 1907:
No cowardice on any battlefield could be as base and shameful as the silent acquiescence in the scheme which was teaching the children in their homes and schools that the commercial value of slavery was the cause of the war, that prisoners of war held in the South were starved and treated with barbarous inhumanity, that Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee were traitors to their country and
false to their oaths, that the young men who left every thing to resist invasion, and climbed the slopes of Gettysburg and died w illingly on a hundred fields were rebels against a righteous government.
What the Confederate Battle Flag did symbolize to Southern soldiers and their families was their Christian heritage and resistance to tyranny. They were fighting for the right of Southern States and their people to determine their own political destiny, just as their Revolutionary War forefathers had fought the British. They were defending the rights won in that war and guaranteed by the Constitution of 1787. which they believed had been betray ed by their Northern invaders. They were fighting against the evil of unjust taxation and many other abuses of power perpetrated by Northern political factions. They w ere fighting to free themselves of a Northern political dominance that had enriched the Northern states and oppressed Southern states. After many years of hardship and blood spent on the battlefield, the Southern Cross came to symbolize the courage and blood sacrifice of the Confederate soldier and Southern people. They believed in the justice and righteousness of their cause, and when the surrender at Appamattox came, they gave up their regimental banners with tears and weeping.
To the great credit of Union General Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain, a brave, honest, and compassionate Christian soldier, the Union troops at Appamottox gave a salute of anus to the surrendering Confederate regiments as they passed in final review before the Union victors. They had been their adv ersaries in war, but now these Union soldiers who had made blood sacrifices of their own, saluted the courage and honour of the defeated Confederate soldiers.
We must ourselv es honour the memory of our fallen heroes and of all that served in that great struggle beneath our Southern Cross. The words of the South Carolinian journalist and poet Henry Timrod (1829-1867) in his mov ing Ode at Magnolia Cemetery should move our hearts to resolve:
Sleep sweetly in your humble graves, sleep marty rs of a fallen cause.
Though y et no marble column craves the pilgrim here to pause.
In seeds of laurel in the earth.
the blossom of y our fame is blown.
And somewhere, waiting for its birth, the shaft is in the stone

Meanwhile, behalf the tardy years.
which keep in trust your storied tombs.
Behold! Your sisters bring their tears, and these memorial blooms.
Small tributes! But your shades will smile, more proudly on these wreaths today,
Than when some cannon-moulded pile shall overlook this bay.
Stoop, angels, thither from the skies!
There is no holier ground Than where defeated valor lies, by mourning beauts crowned.
But now there are many w ho for political or economic gain w ould rather see every memory7 and symbol of that noble army destroyed and desecrated. There are still others who though being descendents of those noble soldiers by their indifference and moral cow ardice would acquiesce to that destruction. In dishonouring the Southern Cross and suppressing a noble Christian heritage they heap dishonour on themselves.
Yet I cannot believe that Providence will suffer the memory and sacred honour of valiant men and righteous principles to be blotted out. I cannot believe their heroic banner will be suffered to be discarded and forgotten. I cannot believe that the blood of valorous heroes, still coursing in the veins of their sons and daughters and their future generations, will not continue to inspire and encourage the friends of liberty everywhere. Is there a heritage more honourable? Whatever storms may come, be our friends few or many; whether cannons roar or sabers flash, we will not surrender the honour or our gallant flag. We will take our stand beneath its starry waving glory. Let us first remember and honour Him, our immortal Saviour to Whom our banners point. Then God w ill vindicate our cause, the memory' of our noble fathers, and our beloved Southern Cross.
SUGGESTED READING
Charles Adams. When in the Course of Hum an Events, 2000.
W. W. Bennett, The Great Revival in the Southern Armies, 1877.
R. L. Dabney; A Defense of Virginia and the South, 1867.
Thomas J. DiLorenzo, The Real Lincoln. A New Look at Abraham I,in coin. His Agenda, and an Unnecessary War, 2002.
Eugene D. Genovese, Tl'ie Southern Front, History, Politics and the Cultural War, 1995 John Remmington Graham, A Constitutional History of Secession, 2002 Jeffrey Hummel, Emancipating Slaves, Enslaving Free Men, 1996.
Ludwell H. Johnson, The American Iliad 1848-1877, 2002 edition.
James Ronald Kennedy and Walter Donald Kennedy; Was Jefferson Davis Right? 1998.
Walter D. Kennedy, Myths of American Slavery, 2003. James M. McPherson, For Cause and Comrades-Why Men Fought in the Civil War, 1997 John C. Perry, Myths & Realities of American Slavery-The True History of Slavery in America, 2002.
James I. Robertson, Stonewall Jackson, the Man, the Soldier, the Legend, 1997.
Otto Scott, The Secret Six-John Brown and the Abolitionist Movement, 1979.
J. Steven Wilkins, Call of Duty-The Sterling Nobility of Robert E. Lee, 1997.
J. Steve Wilkins and Douglas Wilson, Southern Slavery> as It Was, a Monograph, Cannon Press, 1996.
You have given a banner to those who fear You, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Psalm 60:4 (NKJ, NASB)
Passion Nation
by Joe Scotchie
(Continued from page one)
Secondly, Gibson subjected himself to only a handful of interviews with that same media, giving each one the air of being an 'exclusive’ event. Thirdly, there w as the wild overkill on the part of the liberal intelligentsia. Americans dimly knew' that Mel Gibson was filming a pro-Christian movie on Jesus’s final hours. For Christians, their Saviour would be portrayed in an heroic light. They also knew that the liberal elites, many of which had not even seen the movie, were attacking it from limb to bloody limb. Therefore, pay ing to see the film became a moral imperative.
If Ihe Passion had been released in say; 1958, there would, in my view, be no great controversy. Back during Hollywood's Golden Age, pro-Christian films were not at all uncommon. Think of, among many others, Quo Vadis, Boys Tow n, The Bells of St. Mary's, and The Greatest Story Ever Told. Christianity was celebrated as a courageous, cheerful, compassionate, and noble way
Vol. 9 • No. 1
of life. Those days, needless to say, arc long gone. In fact. 'Hollywood' did not make Vie Passion—nor would it ever dream of doing such a thing. Mel Gibson spent $25 million of his money to complete the project. He made it all back on the first dav of the film. Why? Well, people who don't go to movies (such as myself) couldn't wait to sec this one. But again, when the Hollywood people make movies, they don't view traditional Christians as a target audience.
The success of Vie Passion represents one of those few victories in the cultural rout. Will it. as some have hoped, herald the beginnings of another Great Awakening? Time will tell, but simply the movie's existence dramaticizes some sharp dividing lines. Here in America, there is a Passion Nation, but also a Pagan Nation and in many respects, a satanic America. Millions of Americans have view ed and been inspired by Vie Passion. On the other side, there are that many Americans who get their kicks by watching Madonna and Britney Spears kiss and make up on national television. Among that same element are still others who are either too lazy to be foot soldiers in the culture w ar. too squeamish to see the movie ( it's too violent ), or those who, frankly, hate and despise what the film stands for. There is a Passion Nation that aspires to live in Christian societies, part of which means saying No to deviant behavior. There is also a materialistic America, a nation that dumbly accepts the judicial tyranny of abortion-on-demand and various homosexual 'rights.' Put together, the latter crowd represents the majority. Americans who are citizens of Passion Nation are, for all their intensity, a minority , even though I fear most of them don't yet realize that awesome reality.
Meanwhile, rumors are rampant that the Hollywood elite intends to blacklist Gibson as punishment for the film's success. But alas for Hollywood, the deed is done, the film completed. At least one review I read understood the other genius of the movie. By shooting in Aramaic, the film will have universal appeal. No voice-overs are needed, just subtitles. Thus, the film can be exported to a w aiting world. Vie Passion is the cultural event of our lifetime and by that, I don't merely mean this country . It is an event of worldwide significance. Vie Passion is a movie for all peoples, in all nations, even though in most places it will only be purchased via the black market and viewed in the modem-day catacombs. No matter As true Christians know; the movie's message will prevail. In the meantime, the doughty Gibson has struck a mighty blow for the cause of global Christianity.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a published author and a regular contributor to Southern Events.
Hollywood’s Southern Accent
by Randall Ivey (Continued from page one)
camera work in classics such as Intolerance and Vie Birth of a Nation helped revolutionize movies by relieving them of their largely static tendencies. Did Griffith reap rewards from the nascent film industry for such accomplishments? Hardly. By the time of his death in 1948, Griffith was a broken man, a recluse, consigned to such meretricious projects as co-directing the 1940 potboiler One Million B. C.
Griffith's fate underscores the rather tenuous love-hate relationship Hollywood has had with the South in the intervening years. Yes, of course, there is the glorious exception of Gone With Vie Wind. still the most beloved movie ever made, which enjoys popular runs on such cable outlets as Turner Classic Movies. Yet GWTW has proved something of a mixed blessing. While we may cheer for the heroic Georgian Scarlett O'Hara in her quest to survive and to counter the atrocities of the invading Yankees, we may frown to consider that GWTW has done more than its fair share to perpetuate certain stereotypes of Southern life and character that have lapsed into lazy cliche and have become the staples of too many contemporary movies and too much television fare. Even worse, Vivian Leigh's performance as Scarlett, while certainly undeniably brilliant, has served succeeding actresses as a textbook for Southern 'speech' and Southern 'mannerisms.'
Whereas Leigh pulled off the act, owing much, I think to her being British-born, other actresses have not fared so well and have come off as, at best, florid and. at worst, phony and unintentionally comic. Take a fairly recent movie, for example, Herbert Ross's Steel Magnolias, with an all-star cast of non-Southern and Southern actresses (Sally Field and Dolly Parton and Shirley McLaine too, if you can think of her as a Virginian, and Julia Roberts, if y ou can bear to think of her at all) slinging verbal barbs and one-liners at each other in accents thick as molasses and exaggerated for full comic effect. The same thing hurts the popular Driving Miss DaisyI otherwise a fine movie, and Forrest Gump and the John Grisham adaptations, in which such distinguished thespians as Gene Hackman and Jon Voight come off as too cornpone cretinous for even the most
l6S outhom Invents
Vol. 9 • No. 1




extreme Erskine Caldwell fantasy. Even Ronnie Maxwell's much-lauded Gods and Generals docs not escape this syndrome (see Robert Duvall as Robert E. Lee). In ( old Mountain both Nicole Kidman and Jude Law. neither American-born, skirt precipitously the fine line between verisimilitude and exaggeration in their performances as young Southern lovers during the War Between the States. 1 winced to see the movie's trailers and to hear the actors' lines delivered with the same old honey-thickness. Watching the whole movie, however,
1 relaxed some: Kidman's and Law's roles require them to act as much w ith their bodies as their voices; most of the movie's truly powerful moments do not require speech at all. Big Fish does not enjoy the same suspension of disbelief. While the redoubtable (and British) Albert Finney passes in his turn as a dying, blowhard storyteller, Welsh actor Ewan McGregor's performance as Finney's younger alter ego buys too much into the Forrest Gump-style. open-eyed, drop-jawed naivete that borders on the ignorant and the obtuse. And McGregor's accent is often embarrassing. To his credit, Billy Crudup, playing Finney's son. attempts no Southern ‘accent' and comes out of the film the least scathed. We trust his performance because we cannot see him acting.
Have there been actors who have managed to avoid the pitfalls of ‘playing Southern'? Certainly. The one who leaps immediately to mind is Arkansas-born Billy Bob Thornton. His 1997 Oscar-w inner Sling Blade is an enthralling depiction of Southern speech and character. Yes. one may quibble at the main character Carl's being mentally handicapped (and thus perpetuating the stereotype of Southerners' being mentally as well as vocally retarded), but Thornton's performance is sheer genius; he does what all true actors do and disappears inside his character so that no hint of Thornton himself is to be found. Furthermore his script features an astonishing display of the Southern idiom. For example. Sling Blade has the distinction of being the first and onl\ time 1 have ever heard the phrase ‘stove up,' meaning stiff, used in a movie. I did not even know the phrase existed outside my own upcountry South Carolina hometown until I watched Thornton's movie, and I still recall the delight I felt in the theater hearing it. Of course one can go back even further and cite Clark Gable for his naturalistic portrayal of Rhctt Butler; his performance endures as a classic because it is unforced and unmannered. And there is Robert Duvall in Tender Mercies and Gregory Peck in To Kill a Mockingbird and Geraldine Page in 'The Trip to Bountiful, each a recipient of the Academy Award and each an example of an actor avoiding annoying accents and mannerisms to give the
viewer a real person. Southern or otherwise, on screen.
One of the problems is we no longer have a Southern artist of D.W. Griffith's stature and sensibility at work in contemporary movies. For many Southerners, the storytelling medium of choice remains the printed page. Even worse, scriptwriters have failed to find out what a real Southerner sounds like and how a real Southerner behaves before they dive into the same cauldron of cliches and produce the same untasty, untruthful screenplay thousands of writers before them have written. They really believe there is only one Southern accent and that all Southerners say ‘chay-uh' instead of 'chair' and Avah-tuh' instead of ‘water.' Each of them needs to be set down in front of a screening of Sling Blade and watch a master at work.
Mr Randall Ivey is the author of The Shave of a Man: A Novella and Five Stories as well as numerous essays. He teaches English at the University of South Carolina and is active in The League of the South.
The Shape of a Man: A Novella and Five Stories by Randal Ivey is storytelling in the grand Southern tradition of Robert Penn Warren, William Faulkner, and Flannery O'Connor. In the title novella a young boy seeks to emulate the courage of his father as the two of them attempt to unravel the mystery of a ghastly crime against a simpleton fieldhand in 1950s rural South Carolina. In 'Laissez Faire Redux' a traditional South Carolinian and his liberal brotehr argue over the flying of the Confederate flag. 'Another Woman's Ring' depicts late-life romance, while in 'Midnight' a middle-aged housewife is tempted by a mysterious stranger. 'The Liberation of Marian K.' takes place in fashionable Manhattan: a man comes to admire an eccentric socialite he once despised. 'Family Portrait' partakes of the old Russian literary tradition of depicting life in miniature: a woman risks madness and ridicule to preserve the heroic memory' of her dead son.
JOIN THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and Independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
Regular Membership $40 per person annually, $60 for husband and wife. To join send a statement that you support our purpose (stated above) with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to L.S., PO
Box 760,
Killen, Alabama 35645__
Vol. 9 • No. 1
James Butler fs Journal

+ + + Justification For War?
The idea takes some getting used to. but the Bible does not condemn slavery. The Old Testament is full of slave stories and slave laws. The New Testament also treats slavery as part of every day life. Paul says for slaves to obey their masters and for masters to treat their slaves well. Nowhere in the Bible is slavery pronounced evil, sinful, immoral, or a "crime against humanity.'
Probably ninety -nine percent of Westerners now feel that slav ery is evil, and assume that the Bible is "against slavery.' But in the years preceding the War Between the States many Southern theologians held that the Bible was on their side.
Dr. James H. Thornwell, a Presbyterian minister of South Carolina (The Church and Slavery) noted that the Abolition movement derived "most of its fury, and all its power, from the conviction that slavery; essentially considered, is a sin and repugnant to the will of God.' But seeing as how the Bible doesn't condemn slavery,
Thornwell view's Abolitionism as "sprung from the misguided reason of man.'
In fact, the idea that slavery' is "wrong" is recent, never taking hold, during 3,000 years of Judeo-Christian history, until the 1600s and the European "Age of Reason. ’ Thornwell sees the antislavery crusade as an exaltation of human Reason over the Word of God, and a rejection of the ’providential education' of history in favour of a mad rush into ’visionary schemes of reformation.' He has in mind that bloodbath of Reason, the French Revolution.
Thornwell records that the Abolitionist movement involved "Jacobins, Atheists, Socialists, Communists, and Red Republicans.* Their rejection (or at least strenuous interpretation) of the Bible, and their evasion
Thornwell does
Even if Lincoln had shared the Abolitionists’ fervour ... to what extent would the Bible actually justify a war to end slavery, particularly against fellow Christians, for whom those same Scriptures justified the institution?
of the Constitution threatened ’the fairest fabric of government the world has ever seen.'
He senses that the spirit of Abolitionism would unleash forces that, though cloaked in presumed righteousness, would result in the destruction liberty: "They who join the unhallowed crusade against the institutions of the South have set an engine in motion which cannot be arrested, until it has crushed and ground to powder the safeguards of life and property among themselves.'
Thornwell sees Abolition as something akin to social engineering, and foresees the results should government assume such power: "Experiment after experiment may be made, disaster succeed disaster, in carrying out the principles of an atheistic philosophy, until the nations, wearied and heart-sickened with changes without improvement, shall open their eyes to the real causes of their calamities.’ That cause being the reckless abandonment of the Bible and the Providence of the Constitution.
recognise that "God has not permitted...the unanimity of the civilized world, in its execration of Slavery7, to take place without design.' And he relates a formula that may have provided a w ay out of the crisis: "That our Saviour was content to leave the destruction of whatsoever was morally wrong in the social fabric to the slow progress of changes in individual opinions, wrought by the silent influence of religion, rather than endanger the stability of government by sudden and disastrous revolution.'
But Lincoln's war was indeed a disastrous revolution, one which overthrew the Constitution and cleared the way for accumulation of power by the central government. The idea that "freeing the slaves' motivated Lincoln to start the war is debatable, if not laughable. But even if he had shared the Abolitionists' fervour, it is questionable to what extent the Bible would actually justify a war to end slavery, particularly against fellow Christians, for whom those same Scriptures justified the institution within their own sovereign lands.
Mr James Butler of Huntsville, Alabama is a writer, musician and regular contributor to Southern Events.
f O C - . j/-_________ C______
Fol. 5? • JVo. 1
The Fallacy of Scapegoating
by Reinhard Dearing (Continued from page one)
The scapegoating of Jews is a growing phenomenon among both the Left and the Right politically, and, sad to say. including some in the Southern movement. Recently anti-Zionism has been used to promote Jew-bashing around the globe. Many people in groups such as Hamas, other Pan-Islamic movements, as well as Neo-Nazis. claim that the true aim of Zionism is global domination.
Rather than opposing Zionist ideas, however, the target of the attack is all Jews.
It is certainly possible to have disagreements with Zionist ideas, without being a Jew-hater, as there are many Jews who also disagree with Zionism. But from some quarters it is not ideas, but the people as a whole w ho are seen as the source of evil. Southerners and all honest people should avoid this misguided tactic.
Southerners interests may not coincide with the interests of other peoples, and to defend our interests we may have to oppose them, but we should never fall into the trap of attacking people as an entire group. The battle is with ideas.
Scapegoating is a form of disinformation. It misdirects the one deceived by it from the real battle and real solutions. It gives the lazy thinker an easy solution. If one believes a particular group is corporately and entirely to blame for all the evil we face, then they can just direct all their focus to subduing or removing the group, and then evil will disappear.
Southerners have been the scapegoats for everything w rong with America since before the War that was fought to subdue us. This continues to this day. We are the Yankee's foil. Should we imitate them?
Critics may accuse Southern patriots of scapegoating Yankees, but it is a Yankee mindset we rail against. In fact, we would like to exchange a few Southern scalawags for some Yankee Copperheads.
Scapegoating can do nothing positive for our Cause, which is a free and independent Southland. Those who claim to be Southern patriots, yet seek to pull others away from the goal of independence muddy the water, and are misguided at the least. Some are without a doubt
agent provocateurs, planted agents sent to discredit the Southern movement.
The First Freedom, a monthly newspaper w hich, from its inception, appeared to be partly pro-Southern, partly pro-US Nationalist (in the John Bircher vein), has become increasingly strident in its language and obsessed w ith Zionism. E. G. - ../Ziomaniacs controlling the mediacracy never show7 their faces...' Publisher Olaf Childress recently wrote in a fund-raising letter:
\ .. in 1940, America got duped into joining Stalin and Churchill to crush the only regime on earth fighting communist indoctrination. The Bolshevists then proceeded to undermine every sovereign government including our own with spies and subversives, the Jews behind them aiming to rule the world.' [emphasis in original]
Is Olaf suggesting that the Nazis should not have been crushed? Those who claim to be Southern patriots, but sympathize with Nazis destroy our Cause. And Southern patriots who let their picture and name and writings be used in publications w hich express this kind of sympathy will destroy themselves and their organisations.
So what if the Nazis were anti-communists? They wanted to control every aspect of life from the top, no less than the communists, and would be quite amused at the idea of’local autonomy’. They believed in socialism as exuberantly as Stalin, only they were National socialists as opposed to the International variety (the communists). They were occult-minded pagans who wanted to revive the pre-Christian religion of Europe. They murdered many Christians, and would have sought to completely eradicate Christianity had they achieved enough power.
So w hat if they were nationalists? There is a difference between a wholesome love of kith and kin. a dev otion to one s own people, and the perversion of that godly trait into idolatrous, cult-like worship, mixed in with a Nietzschean philosophy.
Many of these people are more interested in an American nationalism, or a M'hite nationalism, not Southern Nationalism. If Childress has ever been an unabashed Southern Nationalist, in favour of a separate and independent Dixie, I have never seen it in any of his writings. Perhaps he has had another agenda all along, since Southern issues fade from The First Freedom as its thinly veiled Jew-bashing grows.
Southerners and so-called Southern publications who espouse Jew-bashing, masked as virulent anti-Zionism, max’ allow the Southern Cause to be damaged beyond repair. What stake does Dixie have in what happens in Palestine anyway? In what possible way docs taking
Vol. 9 • No, 1
sides advance the Southern Cause? It is a very complex issue with right and wrong on both sides. It plays into the hands of the very people who w ish to destroy us and in the end. is nothing more than scapegoating. How very, very sad for all of us who wish to defend our proud culture and advance our civilisation.
Jew-bashing (as well as Catholic-bashing) is historically alien to the South. From the Know-Nothings to U. S. Grant's order expelling Jews, from the revived 1920s Klan which had its greatest membership in Illinois and Indiana (the original Klan of the 1860s had no anti-Jew or anti-Catholic bent, in fact many Jews and Catholics were members; it was a movement to deliver the South from Reconstruction), it is in fertile northern ground that this phenomena has flourished. American Nazi Parts leader George Lincoln Rockwell lamented in the 1960s that he had never received an invitation to speak in any Southern state except Virginia, although he had been invited elsewhere all over the countrv.
In the medieval era, many Christians believed that Jew s possessed demonic pow ers. This type of highly ignorant and superstitious fear of Jews still persists in some quarters. Further, during the medieval era, many people believed that Jews unfairly took away jobs and money from Christians. What needs to be pointed out is that the medieval Church had a prohibition against usury, defined as the practice of loaning money at interest. Because there remained a demand for the receipt of loans, non-Christians (primarily Jews) became the practitioners of money lending and the great Jewish banking houses such as the Rothchild's and Erlanger's (of CSA bonds and loan fame) were born and remain with us to this day. It was a simple fact that the Church and government restricted what type of jobs could be held by Jew s, closed off many alternatives, thereby leaving banking and finance as one of the few areas open to the Jewish population for gainful employment.
During the era of industrialization in the early 19th and 20th centuries many of the early industrial entrepreneurs were of Jewish origin. This was a direct outgrowth of the afore mentioned medieval restrictions. These Jews helped improve the local economies. However, the local population was often not happy to work for what they considered 'foreigners' enriching themselves using national resources. It is a fact that Jews are often in positions of power and wealth. It is also a fact that this situation is largely the result of restrictions and laws previously imposed on Jews.
One of the most damaging anti-Semitic tracts published is the infamous Russian literary hoax, Jbe Protocols of the Elders of Zion. This piece of 'literary'' garbage was
written by Tsar Nicholas' secret police with the intent of allowing the Tsar to unleash his infamous ‘Black One Hundreds' to sow terror among the Russian Jewish population at the end of the 19th century in order to draw attention away from the massive economic and social problems facing the Russian Empire. It also encouraged the local peasantry' and many uneducated and ignorant Russian Orthodox priests to engage in pogroms and other anti-Jewish actions against the local Jews. The pogroms w ere meant to distract the local population from their real problems - lack of food, lack of money, lack of freedom and lack of opportunity. Jew-bashing was used as a scapegoat for other problems.
Scapegoating is anti-Southern and anti-Christian. Good Southerners should despise all forms of scapegoating, especially Jew-bashing. During the time of our greatest achievement, the creation of a true Republic known as the Confederate States of America, Southern Jews played a prominent, positive, vital and patriotic role. President Jefferson Davis knew and understood this. He fought Anti-Semitism whenever and wherever it appeared in the CSA. ('Jefferson Davis and the Jew?s.' Civil War Times, March 2000). In addition, as a percentage of their population in the South, more Jews fought and died for the Confederate cause than members of any other ethnic group. In fact, the Confederate Jewish Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia is the only military' cemetery in the United States dedicated solely to Jewish American veterans - those who lost their lives in the War for Southern Independence fighting on behalf of the Confederacy - and it is the only Jewish military' cemetery outside the state of Israel.
Before the war Judah P. Benjamin was a successful attorney, planter and much loved Senator from the State of Louisiana. During the war he was the most brilliant member of Jefferson Davis’ cabinet and also one of Davis' closest friends. He served the Confederacy with dignity and honour as Attorney General, Secretary' of War and Secretary of State. He never surrendered but chose instead to seek asylum in Great Britain.
The breadth of Southern Jews participation in the War and the strength of the Jewish commitment to the Confederate cause is truly remarkable. Most members of the established, prominent Jewish communities of Charleston, New Orleans, Richmond and Savannah volunteered for service quickly and vigorously. They loved the South. In addition, the majority' of recent Jewish immigrants from the German states. Central Europe. Poland, Hungary and Russia also eagerly answered the call to arms. Their reasons for supporting the cause of Southern independence were as complex as their roles
ill Southern society Suffice it to say, they all loved their states, their homeland, their neighbours and wished to defend them from Northern aggression. These men and women were businessmen, shopkeepers, politicians, peddlers, nurses, seamstresses, rabbis and doctors. They all became soldiers in defence of the Confederacy. Some of the more prominent ones were Colonel Abraham C. Myers, quartermaster general of the Confederacy. Major Adolph Proskauer of the 125th Alabama. Major Alexander hart of the 5th Louisiana and Phoebe Levy Pember of Richmond’s Chimborazo Hospital. After the War ended, these Southern Jews suffered through Reconstruction along with their neighbours. They then helped to rebuild the South.
Anyone interested in acquainting themselves more intimately with our Southern Jewish neighbours should read Judah P Benjamin by E. N. Evans, The Jewish Confederates by Robert N. Rosen and Rabbi Max Heller: Reformer and Southerner 1860-1929 by Bobbie Malone.
For those of us w ho are try ing to preserve our culture and advance our cause by honourable means, this recent flurry of Jew-bashing as portrayed in such publications as The First Freedom is truly distressing. If we and our Cause become identified in the Southern public mind w ith this sort of thing, we will never succeed. We then may as w ell strike our colours and dig our graves because we will surely be just as dead.
Anti-Semitism and similar philosophies have no place in the Southern movement. Let us not besmirch our good cause by associating w ith haters, ignoramuses and evil men! Let us pursue our true goals honestly and with dignity worthy of Southern Gentlemen and Ladies.
Dr Re in hard Bearing has a Ph. D in History. He is the Chief Administartive Officer of Slidell Louis ana, and a member of the League of the South, the SCV, and the Military Order of the Stars and Bars. His family has been in the South for ten generations.
Southern Pride Fabrications Specializing in SEWN Confederate flags NOT MADE IN CHINA P O Box 200154, Cartersville, GA 30120 770.383.8908
THE PATRIOTIST News, Commentary
http://www.patriotist.com
PIBROCH OF SOUTHERN FEALTY
by Art Livingston
O Lost, and by the wind, grieved ghost, come again!
Owl hours yestreen I heard upon the breeze A skirling ghostly drone; forgotten shouts Bookended notes of bonnie blue, sad teared Lorena letting clouds roll by, look away.
These faded dissolved one tone polyphony.
Feuding clansmen descending rough rilled hills Mingled lithe leveled, saddle loping horsemen. Thoroughbreds all, black mountain, blue grass.
They caught the drone and held it high aloft.
Then jumped an octave, howling Chairlie's loss.
Then geisting wails assailed a piedmont planter Whose blood absorbed the loss of "46,
Hacked plaid along the road to Inverness;
That voice, though stilled a century and more Re echoed through the orchards and the rice.
Tory bluff merchants spread that joy of ache Though long removed from homeland bogs and moors, And nearly yeomen brothers sworn in plan and sword. Yes my kinsmen too took up that cry;
Prepared for battle, left their homes to die.
Next some cracker swampland mossy voice And shoremen hearing yet Spanish tinge and chant. Swelled that catch. The air then washed the soil With stark resistance, growing new land flowers Heralded upon a time as white cockade.
Gulf bay sailors, protecting, spread west New' lands where first our capitol forsook Encroaching greed though foreign temptings fueled Peremiial shame of evil be my good.
His wings still shadow, blur all liberty.
Delta blue and delta silt they came.
Rich soiled and father watered intellect And will where demos crossed palms w ith servile chains To free where all to freedom keeps right that boat That saves our levees.
saves each one who bags the flood.
21 Southern Events
File* spicemen pirogued with taut patois
And those who added overtone to throat
And plea, o tree evangeline, they mourn
The loss of arcady Yes, one strides forth at dawn
To shell the rendezvous, the new armada's fort.
Some more, mission fort still remembered.
Breaking free the land become their own To enter one star cross starred abandon hope When first you enter; leaving's not so keen A proposition as the getting in.
Three voices strand the rope and hum. encharmed; Each through each they weave, becoming one An ethnogenesis? spilled guts of Wallace?
Where somehow foreign forest syncopations Make whole two tribes. Can day be without night?
By side they plow which mastering which when weeds Need tugging? Who could watch then and say “Owner, bondsman"' so like sprouted plants Together sewing, reaping adopted kind.
In church, old blue light's family sat with him
What can I say of those whose patrimony Drowned across a middle passage? That God Brings good from evil? Shamed are we who utter Raw truth that jars but does not satisfy;
Some died, some shackled but what alternative?
Before these hillsides flowered butternut.
They came, they took their stand, and lived, and...
The> looked away. They shouldered muskets, rent The air with screams of ancient hills and verse.
Beside a fire, their voices sang of brother bands.
I still hear those spirit voices chant and charge;
At night, when stink of city dies enough To scent the unseen rose, the cannons' beat A tympani; the strings lay lapped, the bass Quick swells; a chorus blares it high staffed note.
Enraptured forebears seem to bid me come And dodge the minnie balls. I sojourn dreamed.
A whistle doplers over me. I cringe.
Can I summon what I can to join their list?
Can MY lungs emit those notes that send them forth?
Vol. 9 • No. 1
Returned to room, a form appears, his sword Drawn and honed, “Son of my son of my son And once more yet, we can no longer speak Nor loft our banner. Tell me, will you, sir.
Have our people risen, honour filled?”
“Usurpers lie who deem unjust those breaking bonds That once enknotted one to each; our sin Too long maintaining others' bonds too slow. Entombed with filth, ricocheted and struck Our bone, for even yet, our fight’s mistold.
“Discharging you to put aright that crooked Portrait, I shall not rest until our soil Unsalts.” He sheathed, he left, his throat ablaze Of Celtic longing, just, a triune shout.
Upon the night I saw a starry' cross.
This screech 300,000 times rebounded:
“Modish goblins gabble corpses where we snowed The fields in butternut and red;
Each April, when the wind ghosts right, you will hear us Defending Shiloh, Friedricksberg, and Chickamauga
“Forgive our enemies. Do not forgive Unshriven ridicule until they beg Your pardon.” Awash with light the dawn Unfurled a firmament in faded gray.
A banshee rattle plunged both earth and sky.
And last I heard a thousand thousand times reechoing Slow, shrill bagpipe dins that startled hills Facing the instrument which flung that battlecry.
These fathers, brothers raise it yet tonight.
I hear the Southern army's rebel yell.
Southern Events
Yearly subscriptions to this quarterly $16.00 P O Box 2517 Selma, AL 36702-2517 Our Website: www.southernevents.org
22	Stntthorrt hrottis
VoL. 9 • No. 1
The Connection Between Marxism m and Libertarianism
by George Tomezsko
ibertarianism and Marxism, despite some .Ly differences (most notably the Marxian notion of history as a dialectical process, which is not found in libertarianism), share some common philosophical roots that first found anchor and nourishment in the Enlightenment. These are: the denial of any objective standards of moral right and wrong, as taught by Christianity (which argues that the standards to guide human conduct are God-given, and by classic philosophy (which taught that those standards are given by Nature). To support this 'subjective' view of morality, the Enlightenment denied that Reality contained a spiritual component. In.short, the fundamental reality of the observable world in which man found himself was wholly Materialistic and mechanistic, in which natural events were created by forces operating more or less at random.
Marxism has been plausibly described as a Christian heresy; it is also plausible to describe libertarianism as a Marxist heresy. That said, both Marx and the exponents of libertarianism used the philosophical foundation prov ided by the Enlightenment to derive 3 philosophical axioms concerning the nature and purpose of human life to build their worldviews. These axioms are as follows, and all three are demonstrably false:
I)	The assumption that human happiness and pleasure seeking are equivalent, or put another way, there is no difference between these two qualities. This is actually an old belief, predating classical Greece and Rome. A line of thinkers 500 years long, from Socrates to the Roman Stoics to the Church Fathers, roundly condemned this belief and correctly refuted it with ingeniously simple and subtle arguments. Yet it persisted, perhaps because, as Niecolo Machiavelli pointed out in the 16th Century, 'for men accustomed to a certain mode of life arc reluctant to change it,
especially when they themselves have not noticed the evil in question' (Discourses. Book I , chapter 18).
So, for Marx, this philosophical vagabond from the classical age became the cornerstone to his notion of the future destiny of the human race. Marx had been a student of the German thinker Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, who taught that History was a dialectical process moved forward by clashes between contradictory spiritual forces that would one day conclude in the formation of a worldwide human brotherhood so united in happiness that each individual human consciousness would be blended into one master Consciousness, like drops of water being added to a larger volume. This World Consciousness would, at the conclusion of history, be blended into the Divine Consciousness, or God.
Marx, ever the Materialist, disagreed, claiming that the true driving force in History was the clash of contradictory economic forces that would one day culminate in the formation of what he called man as a 'species-being' in classless, communistic society. As Friedrich Engels would put it, 'we found Hegel standing on his head, and set him up right-side up again.' Marx wTote about man as a species-being at some length in his 1844 manuscripts and discussion is rather obtuse and obscure, and deliberately so, for Mr. Marx's logic leads to a fantastic and truly bizarre conclusion: since he created what might be called an exact Materialistic counterpoint to Hegel's Idealistic worldview, Marx's species-being, in contrast to Hegel's notion of a World Consciousness in which individual conscious-nesses no longer exist, is a creature formed by the physical combination of all of the individual bodies making up the human race into one master organism, in which each would draw strength from the whole! The species-being may be thought of as collectivism taken to its logical, if extreme, conclusion. No wonder Marx left his notion of the species-being ambiguous; he would have drawn even more public derision upon himself than he actually did.
This is why Marx advocated the abolition of all social classes, national borders, religions, and morality: all of these serve to keep people physically apart and therefore prevent the emergence of the species-being. But most Leftists today have little knowledge of their Master's teachings, and operate at a much lower theoretical level, they seek only to produce 'equality.' To achieve this, they employ a whole litany of propaganda terms to dcory evils whose prevalence is wildly and deliberately exaggerated (racism and class conflict), or which simply do not exist ('sexism,' 'lookism,' 'homophobia,' 'speciesism'). Modem Leftists use this shrill name-calling to coerce the broader society into accepting this goal.
23	Southern Iz vents
all the while remaining ignorant of the true reason why their Master wanted to remove any and all barriers that kept peoples bodily apart.
For Marx, one key component of his scheme was hedonism, and the corresponding overthrow of all notions of sexual restraint because this pleasure, the key to bringing together couples in present society, was now to be used, in conjunction with the removal of all other barriers in classless society, as the primal force to literally bring everyone together physically. Over the long run, it may be implied that he had even intended that sexual differences themselves disappear eventually. I have it on reliable authority that when the Bolsheviks seized power in Russia in 1917, the very first act of the very first session of the new Bolshevik parliament was to repeal all laws that placed restraints on sexual behavior.
Incidentally, the only thinker of the Nineteenth Century to fully understand Marx's project for the future was also a German, Friedrich Nietzsche. His response was an even more radical individualism; Nietzsche’s project for the future was the ubermensch (literally, the overman), an individual who has become more than human and is therefore totally free because he is no longer bound by the merely human concepts of religion, morality, custom, history, law, or government. This Nietzschean project is, at least in part, his answer to Marx's notion that an extreme collectivism is the final goal of human history.
While libertarianism has no notion of man as a speciesbeing (in fact, its goal is precisely the opposite, a radical individualism), it too, holds out pleasure-seeking as the highest good, as the goal of human life. When this ideology first emerged in the mid- 1800s, it concerned itself mainly with the acquisition of private property' and consumer goods, because of the pleasure such ownership brought to an individual. More recently, libertarians have concentrated on defending the right to privacy, and if one reads between the lines, that usually means bedroom privacy, and the appeal to hedonism is obvious. Hence their desire to remove all legal restraints on sexual behavior, and their support for attempts to redefine marriage to include any form of sexual coupling.
2)	The belief that all human beings are essentially equal, having no significant differences in talent, ability, or even bodily characteristics. While a simple glance around shows this to be manifestly and obviously false, Marx and Engels wrote reams of text attempting to prove that such differences were the product of poor economic and political organization caused by pre-socialistic or pre-communistic societies. For example, capitalism caused the poor to suffer from inferior education because
■ Vol. 9 • No. 1
wealth was not properly distributed; this also caused them to suffer bodily deformities because they were denied good food and nutrition. Marx's scheme needed to rest on this axiom because critics raised the question of how could the proletariat, at the very depths of degradation in the final stages of capitalism, have the wisdom and foresight to successfully overthrow their economic and political masters.
Marx also needed this notion of equality to instill a sentiment of 'fellow-feeling' among all peoples in all places to create a sort of emotional foundation upon which the species-being could be built.
While this notion of equality is not as explicit in the libertarian scheme of things, it nonetheless is present because critics also pointed out that, if individuals were to be completely free to compete for wealth and consumer goods, the system would fail because inequalities of talent and ability would cause some to acquire more at the expense of everyone else, meaning that the next generation of libertarians w ould start out on the road to acquisition on an unequal footing, effectively ending the system and creating the very' same widespread economic misery that produced the Marxist and socialist movements. Thus libertarians had to adopt this false notion of equality to save their system, if only on paper.
Moreover, the libertarian could then argue that, due to this fundamental equality, any inequalities in the distribution of wealth caused by the workings of the free market could therefore be ascribed more to random chance, and not by any deliberate or malicious exploitation. And, it must be noted, this axiom would function in much the same way in a libertarian society; it would create the same 'fellow-feeling' among the populace, and thereby prepare them emotionally to accept the libertarian system.
3)	The belief that human nature is shaped by preexisting social, political, and economic forces. Or put another way, there is no fixed human nature that remains constant over time. Marx used this axiom to justify his conclusion that happy, self-contented human beings can be created by building the proper social, political, and economic arrangements. For both the classical philosophers and for the Church Fathers, the opposite was true; happiness was to be created by training individuals in virtue, so they would then chose the mode of life best conducive to self-fulfillment. While the social, economic and political transformation advocated by libertarianism is less radical than that advocated by Marx, libertarians, like Marx, do argue that the way to happiness is to transform society by removing the 'dead hand' of
24	Sou thorn Izt>otits>
Vol. 9 0 No, 1
government from the individual. In neither scheme is there a notion of pointing the individual to happiness by means of moral education; Marx, as we saw previously, argued vehemently against it, and libertarians argued that moral education, while not to be suppressed, is not to be gi\en any public recognition and is to be removed from all law codes.
Where does all this leave us? Since these axioms are false, whenever and wherever Marxism came to power, it could only create a limited amount of economic development where none existed previously. I daresay that a libertarian society would do not much better, because the same limitations on human nature that render socialism impractical also tend, over time, to limit the workings of the free market.
We can now say with confidence that since these three axioms did not produce happiness when they were applied during the Great Experiment known as the Soviet Union, they will likewise fail in a truly libertarian society. Moreover, libertarianism has a defect not found in Marxism, namely, that while the individual would be free, his or her life has no sense of purpose. Instead, human life is simply a meaningless series of sexual encounters and acquisitions of consumer goods and other property that would begin at maturity and end in death. Or, as the late Leo Strauss once wrote in criticism of Thomas Hobbes (an intellectual grandfather, so to speak, of the Enlightenment): life would be 'a joyless quest for joy.' The libertarian is at heart, just as hostile to religion as the Marxist, but that hostility' is more subtle and oblique than Marx's bluntness on the question. Libertarians make much of the 'separation of church and state,' by means of w hich they intend to remove religion from public life. But to achieve their ideal, a free individual dedicated to the acquisition of wealth and material goods, and unfettered in his pursuit of sexual enjoyment, also requires the removal of all restraints imposed by religion from private life as well.
Interestingly, Marx (and here he proves the better thinker than any libertarian) could answer the meaning-of-life question; the sum of all of your life actions has meaning, he could logically say, only if you dedicated yourself to nudging History toward its final goal. A satisfying answer? Of course not, and we can easily disagree with this notion of the meaning of life, but we cannot disagree with the fact that all of us seek an answer to that question. And since the libertarian provides none, any society built on his principles would be marked by widespread mental depression, anxiety, and despair. Such a society would prove, I venture to say, much less stable than the old Marxist dictatorships, and equally bound to
fall.
These two schemes of thought, then, must be classified as intellectual toys, as ideas to tease and educate us as we mature, but to be put aside with the things of childhood when we become serious students of life.
Mr George Tomezsko is a Christian who edits a prolife newspaper from Pennsylvania. He is also an historian of the War Between the States and a sympathizer in the South s struggle to preserve its heritage in the face of Northern ideological hostility.
Secession Hill
by Deborah Brinson Here I stand on Secession Hill,
As dawn breaks o’er the world.
All is still and silence reigns Save the echoes of the past.
My fingers tremble as they touch the rock. And my feet as they tread the ground.
For gathered here, so long ago.
Were those who loved the South.
They gathered in the name of justice.
And grasped the word of truth.
Pledging their lives and fortunes To country, state and God.
Secession from the despot’s chains Or Dixie would not survive.
This they knew and so they met.
Upon Secession Hill.
Now I stand on this sacred spot.
And my land is not yet free I pledge my life and fortune To freedom once again.
I'm holding fast unto the dream
Of a nation all our own
But this I know and to this I hold,
I've seceded in my heart!
928 Delcris Dr. Birmingham, AL 35226
Toll Free 866 -244-0869 205-942-7881 (fax)
confederate@wwisp.com
One Has an Obligation to Seek the Truth
Read!
Our Political Systems
By the Southern patriot
Author, Dr A. H. Krieg ISBN# 1-93085-991-0 From: Amazon.com
or
www.a2zPublications.com
or
Your local bookseller
or
1-800-431-1579
WE ARE BUILDING A COMMUNITY OF SOUTHERN CHRISTIAN PATRIOTSI
We’ve built one new home and are starting another plus remodeling yet another. We have over a mile of new roads and two miles of bridle trails under construction using the Colony’s own equipment. Come and see beautiful Spring Creek, the Swimmin’ Hole, Patriot’s Park, and our “hills ‘n hollers.”
We’re moving ahead! You need to consider this wonderfulplace nestled in die great hill country of South Middle Tennessee at Pea Ridge near the city of Lawrenceburg.
The Confederate Colony, 457 Waterloo Road, Westpoint,TN 38486.
Call 931-762-9972 today!
www.confederatecolony.com
THE SOUTH UNDER SIEGE 1830 - 2000
Bv Frank Conner
1
CHAPTEft HEADINGS
Chapter 1. Why this Book
Chapter 2. The Seeds of Sectionalism (1620 - 1861)
Chapter 3. Federalists Junk the Constitution (1776 - 1824)
Chapter 5. Some Points about Slavery and Abolition (3500 BC - 1865 AD Chapter 6. The Antebellum South’s Deadliest Enemy: Rousseauvian Liberalism Penetrates the North (1700 - 1865)
Chapter 7. The Evolution of the Republican Party (1820 - 1856)
Chapter 8. The Critical Election of 1860
Chapter 9. The Secession of the Deep South (1860 - 1861)
Chapter 10. Lincoln’s Dilemma (1860- 1861)
Chapter 11. Lincoln Starts his War (1861)
Chapter 12. The Politics and Mechanics of Lincoln’s War (1861 - 1865)
Chapter 13. The First Modern War and its Result (1861 - 1865)
Chapter 14. Lincoln’s Power Struggle with Congress about what To Do with the South (1861 - 1865)
Chapter 15. Why the Radical Republican Congress Freed the Slaves and Gave them the Vote (1861 - 1870
Chapter 16. The Immediate Impact of Reconstruction upon the South (1865 - 1876) Chapter 17. The North Keeps the South Barefoot and Pregnant (1877 - 1912) Chapter 18. The South Rides the Roller Coaster (1912 - 1941)
Chapter 19. After World War II, the Liberals Gear Up for Reconstruction II (1941 - 1954)
Chapter 20. The Judeo-Christian Beliefs Are Replaced by those of Secular-Humanist Socialism (1860 - 2000)
Chapter 21. The First Phase of Reconstruction II ((1955 - 1980)
Chapter 22. A Liberal Coalition Expands Reconstruction II into its Second Phase
(1980-2000)
Chapter 23. Where the South Stands Today (1990 - 2000)
Chapter 24. What the South Has Lost (2000)
Chapter 25. Identifying the Myths by which Liberalism Controls America (2000) Chapter 26. How the South Can Wage a Successful Ideological War Against Liberalism (2005 - 2025)
For further details, or to order THE SOUTH UNDER SIEGE 1830 — 2000 by credit card, visit http^	To	order	by	mail, US residents (except
Georgians) please send check or money order for $34.95 (Georgians send $37.40) to Collards Publishing Company, P.O. Box 71996, Newnan, Georgia 30271 Postage is prepaid.