Summer 2000
Vol. 6 No. 3
The War for Our Survival as a People
by William Lamar Cawthon, Jr.
In 1867 Edward A. Pollard of Virginia became the first Southerner to write a comprehensive history of the Confederacy. Even though the South was materially devastated and its hope of independence crushed, the South, he wrote, insisted upon “a war of ideas,” a war to preserve State Rights, constitutional liberty, and Southern culture. Pollard noted that “The Confederates have gone out of this war, with the proud, secret, deathless, dangerous conviction that they are THE BETTER MEN....”
Listen to his words, which are so foreign to our ears today:
It would be immeasurably the worst consequence of defeat in this war that the South should lose its moral and intellectual distinctiveness as a people, and cease to assert its welbknown superiority in civilization, in political scholarship, and in all the standards of individual character over the people of the North. That superiority has been recognized by every foreign observer, and by the intelligent everywhere; for it is the South that in the past produced four-fifths of the political literature of America, and presented in its public men that list of American names best known in the Christian world.
Pollard urged the South “to cultivate her superiority as a people; to maintain her old schools of literature and scholarship; to assert, in the forms of her thought, and in the style of her manners, her peculiar civilisation....” (Continued on page 16)
The Boycott That Worked
by Greg Kay
Boycotts happen all the time. Southerners boycotting Walmart, Baptists boycotting Disney, the NAACP boycotting anyone who won't publicly drop to their knees when they enter the room - it happens all the time, and it seldom works, for a variety of reasons. (Continued on page 211)_________________________________________
Robert Whitaker asks: When Have You Seen A Newspaper Article About Anyone Using A Weapon in Self-defence? And he defines “Respectable Conservative”(p. 8) Dr Tommy Wayne Rogers “On Being Southern: Deep South-Mid f950s”(p.l2) Southern Writer Tito Perdue- the Lost
Literary Genius (page 26)_________
Don’t Dump Bama’s Constitution!(p. 30)
Casting New Light On The Federalist Papers
by Jim Langcuster
John Taylor of Caroline, one of history's most gifted, but least remembered, political theorists, once observed that if The Federalist Papers had been published immediately after the convention, it would have entirely changed history. (Cont. p.19)
The Connecting Thread
Southerners and America’s Founding by Clyde Wilson
Many Northerners (not all) have no felt historical connection with America, which they regard in abstract terms as “a proposition nation.” They do not know what Southerners are talking about when they defend their heritage, the real experience of their own families, because they do not know what a real heritage is. (Cont. p. 22)
2 Southern Events
Southern Events ft ☆ Southern Events is published quarterly by the AlsbsmH League of the South. Articles may be reproduced (in entirety only) if credit is given to the author and Southern Events along with this line: “Subscriptions SI 5 yearly, P 0 Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517." Articles express the opinion of the writer and are not necessarily League positions nor the positions of this journal. Ad rates are $80 full page, $50 half, $30 quarter. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography for cultural distinctiveness. Also known as Oxford Standard or British Orthography, it was commonly used in antebellum Dixie prior to the loss of self-rule. Five of the Top Ten “Most Entrepreneur Friendly” states are in Dixie according to the sixth annual “Small Business Survival Index 2001.” Texas, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee all ranked in the top ten. Rhode Island beat out several other northern states for dead last. The index examines “major government-imposed or government-related costs” that affect small to medium size businesses. The CSS Hunley’s Prowess Startles Investigators. Archaeologists working on the recently raised Confederate submarine, the Hunley, say that the engineering design of the craft, the first of its kind to sink an enemy ship in war, was astonishingly advanced. Stephen Wise, Marine Corps historian, said it was clear evidence that “The South was not as limited as people say it was ... the Hunley didn't prove to be a viable weapon, but that does not take away from her technical advancements. It was far more technically advanced than anybody had ever thought.” Historians admit that a long tradition of regional insults aimed at the CSA’s poor equipment now seem misplaced, as researchers study the Hunley’s advanced bellows, propeller, and planing systems. The secrets that sunk with the Hunley weren’t devised again until the Germans developed them almost 50 years later. Tennesseans Stop Government Theft. A shouting throng of more than 1,000 anti-tax protesters, fearing an 1 l*-hour approval of a state income tax, stormed the Capitol building, pounding on office doors and breaking a few windows. A rock was tossed into the office of Democratic Gov. Don Sundquist, who pushed the tax. Bessinger Sues Grocery Giants. Maurice Bessinger filed suit in late August against 9 corporate groceiy chains for violations of the South Carolina Unfair Trade Practices Act. Named as Defendants are Wal-Mart, Sam’s Club, Bi-Lo, Food Lion, Harris-Teeter, Kroger,	Piggly Wiggly, Publix, and Winn-Dixie. I After carrying Bessinger’s products for years th chains decided to drop his brand last year after his vie^ in support of the Battleflag received wide publicity * The SC Unfair Trade Practices Act prohibits anyone I in the state from taking action in the field of business or commerce, which is offensive to public policy. Bessinger’s attorneys argue that there is no public policy in the state more fundamental than freedom of speech. Any citizen should be free to express their opinion without fear of reprisal against their livelihood. I It is undisputed that Bessinger’s products were popular and of the highest quality. The decision to remove them was made solely because these corporations did not consider his expressed views to be “politically correct.” ! Alabama Historical Commission Meeting Shut Down. Commissioners were shouted down at the end of the August meeting in Mobile by citizens who had not been allowed to speak concerning a $6 million Capitol grounds project which would alter the historic site. The Montgomery project would convert the First Capitol of the Confederacy site to share it with a civil rights memorial. SCV, League of the South, and Council of Conservative Citizens members joined in the protest. South Carolinians Defy Scalawags. A crowd of 600 celebrated the Aiken, SC Confederate monument on it’s centennial anniversary, and the Battleflag flew where the City Council had forbade organisers to fly it. Earlier this month, the Council voted down a request from the SCV to fly three Confederate flags on city property. In defiance, flags were placed on the Aiken County Judicial Center flagpole; on a temporary flagpole in front of the monument; and on the monument itself. “Civil disobedience is as American as apple pie,” said Lourie Salley, an attorney representing the coalition. SC Attorney General Condon Supports the Aiken Protesters. In a landmark opinion, Charles Condon stated that local governments might not be the only authority that governs land on which monuments stand. He said that in this case, it could apply to heritage groups that have a vested interest in the monuments. Jay Mowery, the chairman of the SC League of the South said, “Part of why we’re here is to support the SCV and part of why we're here is to say to the city of Aiken and all other South Carolina government that you cannot infringe upon our guaranteed liberties of freedom of association and freedom of speech.” Vandals Strike Nashville Forrest Statue Again. In late August, 26 flags surrounding the statue were stolen. Designed by Jack Kershaw, and on private property near the interstate, it has often been the target of vandalism
3 Southern Events
Late 2000
AH Over Georgia, Protesters Continue to Greet Gov. Roy Barnes to show their displeasure for his part in changing the state flag without a vote of the people.
At Moultrie, near the end of July, the governor came to celebrate good news: the opening of Farmland National Beefs newest plant. But Barnes was faced with 30 residents demonstrating against the new state flag.
“We hope to recognise the displeasure that Georgians have with the failure to vote on the flag,” said one.
North American Vexillological Association Says New Georgia PC Flag is Butt Ugly. The flag afficionados voted it dead last in a survey of 72 official banners, including the 50 US state flags, Canadian flags and those of some other North American territories.
“Take Back Georgia” Hits State Capitol. Members of the SC V, the League of the South, and the Southern Party of Georgia met at the capitol the first week in August for the opening day of the reapportionment session. The two events, one outside and one inside the capitol, took both the media and legislators by surprise.
Over 100 people responded to the True Georgia Flag Rally. All 4 entrances were covered and chants of “No Votes For TumCoats” could be clearly heard inside.
Rutherford Institute Joins Fight for Virginia SCV License Plates. John Whitehead, Rutherford president, said they will oppose the state's appeal of a judge's decision to allow the SCV logo on license plates.
Attorney General Mark Earley filed the appeal after a judge ruled that the General Assembly’s decision to ban the logo was a violation of free speech. The appeal argued that the plates represent the speech of the state. Whitehead said, “Any Virginian with a vanity license plate or logo knows they are making their own personal statement, not serving as a government mouthpiece.”
Southerners Have Filed More Than 60 Legal Actions Against Confederate T-shirt Bans in schools as well as civil rights complaints with the US Department of Justice. More lawsuits are expected.
Federal Judge Temporarily Upholds Flag Ban by the Seminole County, Georgia school district. Nine high school and middle school students, all white, were made into examples because they wore Battleflag T-shirts.
“There’s an institutional bias against Confederate symbols with most school administrators in the South,” said Kirk Lyons, of the SLRC.
The ACLU also protested, stating that the policy violates the right to free speech, and in May asked for an injunction against the school district’s ban.
“This is a pure free speech issue,” said ACLU lawyer Robert Tsai. “There are a few instances where schools can restrict free speech, but the standard is very high.”
Tsai cited a 1969 Supreme Court decision affirming the rights of student protesters in Iowa to wear black antiwar armbands to school, despite fights that later broke out among students.
AP Retracts Story That Kirk Lyons Defended “White Supremacists” Organisations. Relying on misinformation from Morris Dees of the SPLC, the story was 1st published in the Birmingham News. The AP picked it up and both were forced to retract the story.
Lyons, chief counsel of the SLRC, said, “Dees, who hates Southern Heritage, hates Christian values, who has made a career of suborning perjury (and was thrown out of Federal Court in North Carolina in 1975 for doing so) is given undeserved credibility by the 4th estate. Dees should not let his hatred of me and proponents of Southern heritage get in the way of telling the truth, and newspapers like the Birmingham News need to stop giving Dees and his hate agenda a free ride.”
Student Beaten Unconscious for Confederate Flag Picture. Reported by Neill H. Payne of the SLRC.
Another student fell victim to the escalating campaign for the ethnic cleansing of Dixie. Ryan Zane Oleichi, a 13-year-old student at Labay Middle School near Houston, Texas, was hospitalized after a vicious assault.
This outrage was the direct result of a hostile learning environment created by the school administration.
Back on 19 February, Ryan's mother Melinda Hill was called to the school. The Assistant Principal, Ms Cheryl Morrison met with Ryan's mom to tell her that Ryan was to start 3 days detention as punishment for wearing a one and a half inch Confederate patch on his shirt. Although the rulebook only calls for a one-day penalty for infractions of the dress code, Ms Morrison told Mrs Hill, “We must make an example of Ryan. He is a racist.”
Mrs Hill was confused by this turn of events. Ryan, who is half Lebanese, was a good student, and had worn this shirt several times before without incident. He is proud to wear the Confederate flag because of his love for his Southern Confederate heritage.
Ms Morrison would only say that an “extreme example” must be made. Ryan would be given 3 days detention and then forced to apologise publicly to all the black students for being a “racist.” Afterwards, students began verbally and physically abusing Ryan.
On 26 April, which is Confederate Memorial Day in Texas, Ryan was working on his book report in his first period class. He had checked out a book about Robert E. Lee from the school library, which had a Confederate Battleflag on the cover. A black student, Andrew Foster, asked, “What's that?” Ryan said, “It's a book.” Andrew then asked, “Why do you have that flag on it?”


At this point an Hispanic student, Leonardo Suarez chimed in, "You racist! I’m gonna kick your ass!”
In a display of how diversity is their strength, this multi-ethnic duo later caught Ryan outside the school fence. Foster got to Ryan first and began punching him in the face and stomach until Ryan hit the ground. Suarez kicked Ryan in the head with his steel toed boots as Ryan lay on the ground, and continued kicking him as he had threatened to do until Ryan lay unconscious.
At no time did Ryan fight back even though he holds a black belt in Tae Kwon Do. Even at the age of 13, Ryan understands the political landscape of the Political Correctness Empire. He knew that if he were to do anything against this pair he would be painted as the aggressor. He now bore the scarlet ‘R’. He was a racist according to the judgment of an assistant principal and by virtue of his own coerced confession and apology.
Unfortunately, even his refusal to fight back did not help his cause. The school, when it learned of the assault, did nothing, stating the “incident” had occurred away from school grounds. In spite of witnesses, they declared it was “mutual combat,” because Ryan had the audacity to put his hands up to protect his face. The local DA has refused to file charges.
Ryan’s mother could get the school or any official to intervene on Ryan's behalf.
Ryan spent 3 days in the hospital, was treated and released to convalesce at home. When he returned to school he received more verbal abuse and death threats.
One week later, his mother decided to withdrew him and school him at home.
Movie “C.S.A.” Slams the South. Kevin Willmott, assistant professor of film at Kansas University, has made a low-budget, mean-spirited satire about life in America if the South had won the War.
In the Ken Bums’ style mock documentary, done as a TV program, all non-whites in the 20th century South are slaves and all Jews have been expelled. Christianity is the only tolerated religion, and the CSA starts WWII by a sneak attack on Japan. There are occasional commercials for products like “The Shackle,” an electronic device to keep track of slaves.
NAACP Targeted by Black Boycott. The black group Brotherhood Organization of a New Destiny (BOND) has asked blacks nationwide to protest the NAACP’s left-leaning politics, which have thrust the group into the “socialist wing of the Democratic Party,” says Rev. Jesse Peterson, BOND’S president.
“Pay the NAACP no money. Pay it no mind,” Peterson wrote in announcing the boycott. Conservative black groups such as BOND and Project
21 are breaking ranks with the NAACP amid char that the NAACP pursues non-issues. Peterson asked “What are they doing about our schools, where our kids know more about condoms than mathematics?”
US Opposes Slavery Reparations. A meeting in ' Geneva to set an agenda for a South African conference on racism ended in deadlock over the issue. The US opposes reparations, while the group Human Rights Watch called for so-called “truth-telling” panels to examine “crimes,” followed by redistribution of wealth.
Legendary Southern Rock Band Lynyrd Skynyrd Loses Another. Bass player Leon Wilkeson, 49, died of natural causes according to Judy Van Zant Jenness, widow of the Jacksonville band's founding member.
Politically Correct Sports by Bill Montgomery.
The recent trade of John Rocker from the Atlanta Braves to the Cleveland Indians involves much more than just the business of baseball. There is an underlying message that smells worse than three-day-old garbage.
To understand the situation, one has to go back to last year when the trouble started. Rocker, a high strung and sometimes short-tempered relief pitcher, and a mighty good one at that, confided to a Sports Illustrated reporter that he didn't care for New Yorkers, homosexuals, immigrants and others. It didn't take long for the politically correct wolves and the media to call for his head. The season ended last year with Rocker's apology.
This year finds Rocker doing excellent with saves in 19 out of 23 games. He is a hard throwing left-hander, which is very hard to find and considered one of the best closers in baseball. So where is the problem? The problem is that the Braves have been sold to AOL-Time Warner and the freedom of certain types of speech is not allowed. There was constant grumbling by a few players, the others weren't asked, only Brian Jordan, Tom Glavine and Chipper Jones. Jordan, who is black and is under-performing, called Rocker a cancer. Glavine, who is from the home of the Kennedy's and very liberal, was unforgiving. Glavine by the way is having an off-year. And Chipper, whose off the field track record is less than perfect, has a personal grudge against Rocker. Chipper is a bona-fide super star but still a jerk. Throw in Hank Aaron working behind the scenes against Rocker and we have a no-win situation. Aaron is well known for his racial shoulder-chip.
The result is that one of the best pitchers in baseball gets traded because he offended those that deserve offending. There are others in sports that can do drugs and you never hear the outcry that you'll hear over someone speaking the truth. I wonder if being white and from the South had anything to do with the uprising.
5 Southern Events
Late 2000

Jeff Davis Birthday Celebration by Olaf Childress. On 2 June, bathed in beautiful sunshine in Montgomery, Alabama, the huge battle flag covering those broad landings and steps leading up from the terminus of Dexter Avenue to the plaza and capitol porch on which Jefferson Davis once stood and was sworn in as President of the Confederacy, Dr Michael Hill now rose to deliver the commemorative address for Davis’ birthday. Flags were everywhere - Confederate flags, real Georgia flags - all flying in the breeze.
Dr Hill, standing on that bronze star where President Davis had stood, said, “Southern men... aren't cowering in a comer like brainwashed children any more.” Montgomery activist David Bozeman was heard urging afterward at a lunch party attended by this writer: “Let us celebrate the birthday of Jefferson Davis here each year in increasing numbers. We must get behind Dr. Hill as our leader for the entire movement, stop infighting - and agree, alone on the power of his command presence, that this is our man of the hour.” South Carolina League of the South Building and Southern Cultural Centre Dedicated. Report by Jim Kibler, League of the South Cultural Chairman.
More than 200 folks joined in the celebration of the purchase of The League Building in Abbeville, South Carolina on 28 July. Donald Livingston, head of the League Institute offered a toast and was followed by Patrick Calhoun of Little Rock, Arkansas, a direct descendent of the Calhouns of Abbeville.
The marked pews at Trinity Church, where Calhoun family members worshipped with signers of the Ordinance of Secession in a parish that gave more officers to the Confederacy than any other in the South, all reinforce our feelings that Abbeville is a special Southern place, and is the right choice for the first League building. From its front door, we see the Confederate monument to the right and the Armistead Burt Mansion to the left.
Our upstairs rear windows frame historic Trinity Church. Trinity Cemetery is just a few minutes walk away. Geographically, our building stands at the centre of this triangle of Confederate heritage sites. The last Confederate war council and cabinet meetings were held in the Burt Mansion in May 1865. Burt was Jefferson Davis’ good friend. His pew is marked in Trinity, and he is buried within sight of the League building. His house is a major Confederate shrine. The Jefferson Davis bedroom there is one of the most evocative places I have been. The Mansion’s excellent tour guide has been often heard to say: “This is where our president slept after that agonising day when he
could not persuade his generals to continue the effort for Southern freedom. We have had no president since.”
The League Building will be our SC headquarters, but much more. We will disseminate League information, and recruit members. We want the building to pay its own way, so it will also serve as a shop.
The shop will sell only items made in the South - and not South China, as SC League chairman Jay Mowery adds. This “Sam Walton” kind of idea is sadly not practised in any of the major stores North or South -including most particularly Walton’s own Wal-mart.
Our building will display and sell fine Southern art, as well as Southern books, new, used, and antiquarian. We plan a reading and book signing each month, and displays in the large storefront windows.
Our gifts will include shirts, local honey, preserves, linen and cotton items, flags, tapes, CDs, garden items, antiques, and specialty items. We will have a special display of historic Edgefield pottery, which will be a hallmark of the shop, and a popular, recognisable item worldwide. The philosophy for selection is that the items evoke the South in a positive way.
We plan a “Local history” room that will focus upon South Carolina’s rich history. Abbevillians have pledged historic items for housing there. This will be one of our several gifts back to the community. Another will be a first-rate period restoration job on the building itself.
Various displays and lectures on Southern themes will often coincide with visiting speakers, book readings and signings, and with the art exhibits.
We desire to serve several purposes at once in as efficient way as we can - to practise what we preach about Southern cultural and economic independence, to place the League in its proper cultural context, to provide us a gathering place and home, to display historical exhibits from our own Southern vantage points, to be a good community member, to be a safe repository for Southern historical documents. Owing to disenchantment with universities, several donors have already promised collections. These will become a part of our archive. We hope one day they will find their way to our own 4-year college- a real College of the South.
In the meantime, we need donations for restoration. The quality of restoration, and the displays presented therein will depend upon you. Donations of $1,000 or more will place your name or honoree upon an “Honour Scroll” in the building. Donations are tax deductible.
Send donations made out to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation “for the Abbeville League Building” and mail to the Building Coordinator, Dr Jim Kibler, 211 Peters Creek Road, Whitmire, SC 29178.
Patriot Walter Bryant Passes Away His State Flag Bill Becomes Law
Report by “Cape" Caperton, writer for the Coosa News.
Patrons of Dixieland Flea Market near Columbiana, Alabama, will notice one of their favourite venders, who sold many Southern items, is no longer there.
But outside of the market something is there that has not been there very long— the Alabama Flag— and it is because of Walter L. Bryant.
Walter L. Bryant, director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative, passed away following complications after heart surgery. But he had lived to see the law passed that he helped write and had pushed for several years, requiring the state flag to fly at all state facilities.
While working as assistant director of the ASFI, Walter and 1 had became good friends. His death leaves me and many others with a great sense of loss.
Walter Bryant grew up in the Hanover/Flint Hills area of Coosa County. He was descended from a group of Cherokees who refused to obey Federal orders to move to Oklahoma on the Trail of Tears, and who later sided with the Confederacy to oppose that same Federal Government. Walter learned from his grandparents the oppression that Southerners and Native Americans had suffered at the hands of the Yankees, and to not believe “those peoples” version of history. Walter, known to many in Coosa County when he was growing up by the name of Lebrun, later moved to Columbiana, Alabama.
He served Alabama during the 1960s as a State Trooper. After retiring, it disturbed him greatly to note that many state facilities no longer flew the Alabama Flag. Walter started the Alabama State Flag Initiative, using profits from his flea market booth to help finance the endeavour of getting our state flag back up.
Walter was not a politician, but he knew how to persuade politicians. The fact that the State Flag Bill passed the House and Senate without opposition testifies to this. Walter did not consider his work over I by any means.
Walter was buried at Popular Springs Cemetery in Hanover, in the Alabama soil below where he grew up. The funeral procession from Columbiana was about a 1 mile long. He was given a Confederate burial with a speech by former Alabama Sons of Confederate Veterans commander Ronnie Simmons, followed by musket salutes by the Pettus SCV Camp, and laid to rest with both the state flag and Confederate Battleflag.
Some say there are no more Southern Heroes, but Walter L. Bryant was a true son of Alabama and son of the South.
League of the South
8th Annual National Conference at the
Hilton in Jackson, Miss. 11-13Oct200l
You do not have to be a member of the League of the South to attend. We especially invite members of the SCV, HPA and other conservative, constitutional organisations to attend this grand Southern event. SPEAKERS: Dr Michael Hill, League president; John Cripps, key leader in the MS State Flag victory fight; Roger McCredie, the Chief of Heritage Defence for the SCV; Rev Steve Wilkins of Monroe, LA, pastor & noted author; Charley Reese, the national syndicated columnist; Dr Clyde Wilson professor of Southern history at The Univ. of South Carolina & the world’s foremost scholar on John C. Calhoun. WORKSHOPS AND OTHER EVENTS: Several living history, culture, and art displays; workshops on fundraising, media relations, etc. Maurice Bessinger will sign copies of his new autobiography. Basic Grey will perform. Frank Walsh of the 12th Louisiana Band will give a presentation on Southern musical heritage. The main program will run from 9am until 5pm, Friday and Saturday, the 12th and 13th. The Jackson Hilton (1001 E. County Line Road) has set aside a block of rooms for us. The hotel number for reservations is 800-774-1500. Make reservations at the Hilton before 28 August and be sure to identify yourself as a League member to receive the special rate. Other area hotels: Ramada Limited, 6058 1-55 North, $59-69 per night; Suburban Lodge, 5731 1-55 North, $45-53 per night; Extended Stay America, 5354 1-55 North, $45 per night; La Quinta Inn North, 616 Briarwood Dr. (Exit 102), $66 per night; Comfort Inn, 5709 1-55 North, $80 per night.
Pre-registration discount extends until 1 Sept. Member pre-registration:
$50 each; $75 per family Member late registration:
$60 each; $90 per family (after 1 September) Non-member pre-registration:
$90 each; $135 per family Non-member late registration:
I $110 each, $155 per family (after 1 September)
Please make checks & money orders payable to The League of the South and mail to LS, PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207 or telephone the registration to 1 -800-888-3163 & mail the check to the above address.
7 Southern Events
Late 2000
fa CORRESPONDENCE
To Mike Tuggle on “Patrolling the Cliffs.”
For some years I have noted that the Southern-patriot movement is singularly lacking in leaders with the necessary combination of intelligence and street smarts, so I was delighted to read your take on the overall situation in the movement in the last issue of Southern Events. I agree wholeheartedly with much of what you say; but human nature being what it is. I'll spend my time talking about the few parts that I disagree with.
Given our past history—in which the “conservatives” of every stripe from the other regions of the US have gone to incredible lengths to repudiate at every opportunity our cause as being baggage too heavy for them to tote—and the abject terror of every present-day conservative when contemplating the slightest possibility of being called a racist or a bigot by the liberals/black activists, as a practical matter I don't believe we would get very far in any coalition.
Instead, I think that Lenin's tactics in the second congress of the Social-Democratic party in 1903 are instructive: there he said that he only wanted followers who believed exactly as he did, because the people who only agreed with some of his goals and part of his strategy would surely destroy his revolution; and he conquered Russia by starting out with a handful of Bolsheviks who had signed on to his vision.
Were I running a Southern revolutionary organisation, I would recruit by invitation only; and I would do my dead-level best to sign on each new recruit to my vision.
My second point: in researching a book about the relations between the North and the South which I intend to publish within the next six months, I read a poorly-written circa-1965 book by C. Gregg Singer (a Cab inist) entitled, “A Theological Interpretation of American History,” which reshaped my thinking considerably. His thesis is that religion shapes culture, and culture shapes politics. (He and I regard secular humanism as a religion.) In that view, electoral politics codifies the shape of the contemporary culture; it does not shape the culture; and it refuses to conflict with the beliefs or values of the culture.
Therefore I believe that the real opportunity for the Southern-patriot movement lies in changing the nature of the Southern culture—not in electing politicians. Although I haven't run into Don Livingston since 1996, and I could very easily be wrong about what he thinks,
I suspect he probably shares that belief. And in that view, mass education of the public and then successful manipulation of the culture are the keys.
In any event, I really enjoyed “Patrolling the Cliffs,” and I shall look forward to your future articles.
Frank Conner of Georgia
Mike Tuggle Responds.
Mr Conner, I want to thank you for your thoughtful reaction. You raise valid points we must address.
Your assessment of political struggle is correct, but I'd go a little further. Yes, a political contest only gauges what the people already think, but I think it also demonstrates the seriousness and potential of a dedicated group that, if sufficiently successful, will draw in more potential supporters. Further, political action will enable us to establish contact with the sensitive pressure points from which we can mold the system. It's not a matter, in my view, of changing Southern culture in order to save it. I think the goal is to strengthen that culture, including its grip on the present power structure, to achieve its goals, the first of which is pure survival.
The “democracy” movements in both the USSR and China provide excellent examples. The Soviet reformers had established connections throughout the existing power structure, from hundreds of local party bosses, thousands in the military, and all the way up to officially powerless, but still well-connected Boris Yeltsin. When the old guard attempted its coup, the reformers were able to resist with practical instruments of resistance within the existing system, and they prevailed. In contrast, the reformers in China, though they had the “truth” on their side, did not establish comparable contacts within the existing system, and they were whisked away in a matter of hours. I believe that in every serious movement, you have to be intimate with the terrain you wish to exert control over, and to use that knowledge to utilise the existing “traffic patterns” of power that already exist to achieve what you want. The only alternative is to create your own power structure, which is slow and extremely risky. Better to make the existing powers work for you. I agree up to a point about the analogy with Mr Ulyanov. True, we have to be sure we maintain a consistent agenda, otherwise we'll behave the way the Southern movement has been behaving, with everyone doing his own thing, achieving nothing but endless squabbles. You're absolutely right about what our organisation should look like. When we find that leader who possesses both vision and that magnetic type of personality that can unite us philosophically and spiritually, we will have that movement you describe.
My only dissent is the idea of changing the culture. To me, the culture is an end in itself. Gramsci, trying to resurrect Marxism, recognised that to win the level of power he and his other friends wanted required a transforming “march through the culture”, would agree with that goal; I do not. We have to pursue power for our people, as they are, or it's all just another power grab, and we have plenty of those already.
Looking forward to your book.
Mike Tuggle
Robert Whitaker’s Corner
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU SAW A NEWSPAPER ARTICLE ABOUT A PERSON
USING A WEAPON IN SELF-DEFENCE?
The right to bear arms cannot survive tragedy after tragedy being reported in the news as a simple failure to control guns. We never read about the two million times a year that private guns are used to prevent crime.
Professor John Lott of the University of Chicago did extensive studies of FBI statistics and wrote a book called More Guns — Less Crime. It gave instance after instance of how armed, HONEST citizens prevent crime. He did statistical studies proving this fact. The book lived up to its title.
Let me tell you how effective Lott is. I saw a 1990s debate between him and gun control advocates on public television. No one is going to accuse public television of not giving the left all the odds it can. Lott was outnumbered, but he made an unbeatable case that when the honest public is armed, crime goes DOWN. His case was so good that gun control advocates were reduced to arguing that allowing honest people to carry concealed weapons had NO EFFECT on violent crime!
Now here is the CRITICAL point: this occurred in the mid-nineties. This was when concealed weapons permit laws were being passed that gave the public more access to firearms. In response to these proposals, these exact same anti-gun people were shouting “BLOODBATH!” They were saying that if these new concealed weapons permit laws were passed, “It will be Dodge City!”
Respectable conservatives don't remember that, but I do. The very second a roomful of these anti-gun screamers had to face a knowledgeable scholar, they were reduced to arguing that the permits shouldn't be allowed because they didn’t MATTER.
The laws they were screaming against were passed and they have worked beautifully.
If the nonsense they were screaming in the midnineties were repeated today, the anti-gun nuts would be laughed to shame. If respectable conservatives had any memory at all, the gun-grabbers would be in very deep trouble. But respectable conservatives are an intellectually inbred bureaucracy of city people who know nothing about guns. Whenever the subject comes up, they are truly pathetic.
The problem is that they speak for us in public debate, and we never object.
ONL Y RIGHT- WING MCCARTHYISM IS EVIL
Between 1945 and 1950, Russia under Stalin took control of half of Europe. Communists also seized control of China with one-fifth of the world’s people.
And Communists were not just winning OUTSIDE the US in the 1940s. In that same period Stalin’s spies stole the secrets of the atomic bomb for the USSR.
Another bombshell hit in the late 1940s- a* a i ii* ii*	•	case	of
Alger Hiss. Hiss was a mainstay of America's ruling
Yankee elite. He was head of the Carnegie Foundati^
and one of the American founders of the UN.
Hiss was caught spying for Stalin and went to prison. There was panic about American security. It turns out that it was fully justified. Recently released KGB files show that Communist agents had penetrated every level of the American Government back then.
Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin took over the search for Communists in the early 1950s.
Exactly like today's conservatives, Senator McCarthy took a genuine concern, a winning issue, and totally fouled it up. He made charges he couldn't back up. As so often happens, the Dumb Rightist saved the Leftists.
So now all a Communist has to do to avoid being called a Communist is to shout “McCarthyism!” To be respectable today you aren't allowed to call anybody a Communist. That includes people who ARE open supporters of Castro, Red China, or North Vietnam.
In fact, “McCarthyism” is applied especially to people who call ACTUAL Communists “Communist.”
What McCarthy did was called “guilt by association. He would ask witnesses if they were or ever had been members of the Communist Party. This question brings out gasps of horror today.
On the other hand, it is always open season on anybody who ever said anything Politically Incorrect.
Nixon nominee Judge Haynesworth was denied Supreme Court confirmation in the early 1970s. His crime was that he had made a segregationist speech thirty years before in his native Florida.
Actually, a lot of the senators who voted against him had made the same kind of speech in the late 1940s. But, like all conservatives, they were more anxious to lynch Haynesworth than the liberals were.
Anything Politically Incorrect you did 50 years ago is the latest news. With Tom Jefferson, it’s two centuries.
And nobody supports leftist McCarthyism more fanatically than respectables conservatives. Anything leftists declare “racist” brings out the respectable conservative lynch mob.
And each year, the term “extremist” is applied to people who are less and less to the right. If you oppose open borders today, both “neoconservatives” and liberals join together to call you a racist. That label is now applied to opponents of affirmative action and busing. It applies to English Only advocates.
What is happening is exactly what any person who knows political strategy would expect. The respectable right has given the “extremist” weapon to the left, and the left is using it more every day.
Today the term “extremist” is applied to Bush's Court nominees. They never uttered a Politically Incorrect word in their whole careers, but the label now sticks
Late 2000
THE ‘SOUTHERN PARTISAN’ TRIES TO DEAL WITH LEFTIST MCCARTHYITE A TTACKS
In the battle to prevent John Ashcroft from becoming Attorney General, leftist McCarthyites were in full cry. One thing they came up with was that Ashcroft had given an interview to the Southern Partisan magazine.
So an all-out leftist McCarthyite attack was launched on the Partisan. Members of the usual PC chorus read through every issue of the Partisan over the last two decades to find Political Incorrectness.
Of course they quoted me. I am not Politically Correct, I have never been PC, and I'm proud of it. But they also quoted other Partisan writers who, I can testify, were among the most desperately Politically Correct respectable conservatives I have ever met.
This is important, because it shows that if you go along with the leftist McCarthyites, no amount of care will save you from them in the end.
The statement I made that shamed the Partisan was that I was proud to be white and I hoped my descendants would be. This statement was in a 1985 issue of the Partisan.
This gives you another demonstration of why the left demands that people like me, who attack them frontally, must be silenced completely. Unlike Respectables, we make sense because we are consistent.
I knew how Politically Correct the other Partisan writers were, so I had been watching the Partisan like a hawk for the time when one of those PC respectables would attack Southerners for being Evil Racists.
In 1985, a Partisan article did indeed make a gratuitous attack on the South as racist. The Partisan now handsomely admits they should never have published that article.
I answered the author of that article. In fact, came down on his statement-not him personally-1 ike a ton of bricks. The Partisan didn't want to print my article. So why did they print my article anyway?
They're Southerners. It was a matter of honour. They owed me for years of free help when they were starting up, including an article in every issue since its beginning, when they needed it.
Both in 1985 and in their recent fight to defend their respectability, the Partisan was very fair to me.
I had been a Senior Editor at the Partisan since the beginning, and they had been able to use my name on the masthead when they really needed it. It is traditional for a senior editor to be allowed to take exception to an editorial opinion he strongly disagrees with.
THE LESSON THE PARTISAN CANNOT LEARN
But what makes the position of the Southern Partisan hopeless in the long run is not by publishing Politically Incorrect people like me. The statements and affiliations of their most desperately Politically Correct writers were used even more effectively against them.
The lesson is that once you start letting the leftist McCarthyites dictate to you, it is a only a matter of time before they get around to calling YOU the “extremist.”
No one tried more desperately to be respectable than the Southern Partisan did. But now that the leftist McCarthyites have condemned them as “extremists,” not one single respectable conservative group or publication has come to their defence.
Is anyone surprised?
DEFINING RESPECTABLE CONSER VA TIVES
I have been asked to define respectable conservatism.
It is very important to understand that a more correct term would be “conservative respectable,” because “conservative” is the modifier here. The first real aim of respectable conservatives is respectability inside the present liberal-conservative political system.
The commentators you see on television and read in. the syndicated columns are selected by a bureaucracy. Bureaucracies always choose people who "fit in."
Liberals run the media bureaucracy, and they only want to talk to conservatives they feel comfortable with.
This is the problem with “conspiracy” theories. Routine bureaucracy ACTS like a conspiracy, but it is nothing of the sort. A conspiracy is run by the head. You can remove the head men of the media bureaucracy and the body will act exactly the same.
Don’t think of “bureaucracy” here in terms one would usually picture it. I am not using it to refer to a single organisation of bureaucrats run from top to bottom.
The “media bureaucracy” simply means those who produce our media commentary. They all answer to each other, argue with each other, and select each other, so they constitute what amounts to a single bureaucracy.
For example, William Buckley became a champion media bureaucrat, though he never worked directly under anyone else. Buckley was selected for his role because he "fit" into the media bureaucracy. He was the perfect respectable conservative with just the right combination of criticism and respect for liberals.
The obvious question here is, who is NOT part of the media bureaucracy?
Well, to start with, Matt Drudge is not a media bureaucrat. He selected himself, and the media bureaucracy hates him bitterly for it. As long as he succeeds by going directly to the market the way he does, he will not be declared "respectable." Any rightwinger who has not gotten this "respectable" title from liberals is blocked from the mainline media.
If you are not a right-wing Uncle Tom, you are not allowed to open your mouth. Meanwhile, the Uncle Toms themselves are going to make sure those who refuse to be Uncle Toms are kept in their place. As you would expect, nobody is more fanatical in shouting down "right wing extremists" than respectable conservatives themselves. You can count on Jack Kemp
10 Southern Events
or Orrin Hatch or John Inglis to jump right in on the attack on anyone the media call "racist." The Bushes and the Doles are at the head of any liberal lynch mob.
Bless his souk Jeffrey Hart reviewed my book, A Plague On Both Your Houses, in 1976 in National Review, under the title, "Read This One!" In this review, he freely admitted that even people like him had to make truly bad concessions to respectability in order to get their case to the public through the media.
But Jeffrey Hart never became a full-fledged respectable conservative. He is allowed media access, but he will never be "one of the boys" like Bob Novak or Pat Buchanan or William Buckley.
A conservative respectable will not hang onto real world truths that are uncomfortable for liberals, and they can be sidetracked very easily. You can count on Novak to be an economic theologue, and Buchanan will end up as a harmless religious nut.
While rewriting this, I was watching MSNBC. A conservative laughed at a liberal who was giving the same old routine spin. The liberal was terribly upset. I have noticed this many times - when he is going through his routine silliness and a rightist LAUGHS, the liberal commentator gets terribly upset. Watch and you will notice this, too. In the end it will be LAUGHTER that will RID US OF THE LEFT.
The left will only be destroyed when people start calling their nonsense nonsense, and denounce the morons who keep repeating this bilge as the morons they are. As long as there are conservative respectables who will look stem and serious as "progressives" recite their nonsense, the left is safe. As long as conservative respectables say what True Intellectuals and Honest Patriots leftists are, liberals will survive and dominate our national dialogue. Conservative respectables live to oblige this leftist need. Paramount to a respectable conservative is to maintain his respectability.
Clinton's use of frivolous court privileges is very much like the routine liberal use of frivolous labels to throw conservatives off. When the heat was on, he used what liberals always use, fast footwork to get attention off the problem. Few people noticed that it worked — again. In January, almost everybody, from Moynihan to Ginsberg, agreed that if Clinton indeed had sex with an intern in the White House, he should go. No more!
As always, not one conservative respectable confronted these people with their earlier statement about demanding Clinton's impeachment for using his office to have sex with an intern in the Oval Office.
If a respectable makes a point that bothers liberals, the "progressives" simply throw frivolous labels at him like "racist" or anaziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews. By the time he has saved his respectability, he has completely forgotten the point he was making.
This is not a conspiracy to select kooks and
Late 2000
lightweights. It is simply that, if you had someone there
who would not let liberals get away with silly stuff, the debate would collapse.
A man who worked with me on the House Education and Labor Committee appeared once, just once, on a national debate. The debate concerned increasing federal aid to education. My friend would not get off the point that, the more federal aid there is, the more student scores fall. The two liberals were furious. They accused him of saying that giving money could actually HARM education - which was exactly what he WAS saying -and they were shouting that this was impossible. They said education money HAD to help. My friend pointed out that Federal money goes with federal regulation, and federal bureaucrats are ruining education.
There was a respectable conservative on the program. He was supposed to be on the same side as my friend. But this conservative respectable knew better than to join in this exposition of liberal silliness. The liberals were furious about it, and he had to satisfy them first.
He did so, and took their side against my buddy.
My buddy was, not surprisingly, never invited for another national debate anywhere. But you will see that conservative respectable on national television a lot.
Mr Robert Whitaker of South Carolina is a published author, a former writer for the Voice of America, and a regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS.
“Conservatism's history has been that it demurs to each aggression of the progressive party, and aims to save its credit by a respectable amount of growling, but always acquiesces at last in the innovation. What was the resisted novelty of yesterday is today one of the accepted principles of conservatism; it is now conservative only in affecting to resist the next innovation, which will tomorrow be forced upon its timidity and will be succeeded by some third revolution, to be denounced and then adopted in its turn.
American conservatism is merely the shadow that follows Radicalism as it moves forward to perdition. It remains behind it, but never retards it, and always advances near its leader. This pretended salt hath utterly lost its savor: wherewith shall it be salted? Its impotency is not hard to explain. It is worthless because it is the conservatism of expediency only, and not of sturdy principle. It tends to risk nothing serious for the sake of truth."
-Dr Robert Lewis Dabney, 1889, Presbyterian minister and scholar, former Chief of Staff for ‘Stonewall’ Jackson.
11 Southern Events
Late 2000
The Moral Issue of Our Time
by Joe Scotchie
With the past election, Buchananism has come and gone without leaving much of a trace on the body politic. Now that Pat Buchanan is gone from the political arena, it may be respectable to talk of immigration restrictions. Then again, it probably won't. Consider the babbling Bush we now have in power. Without much in the way of explanation, the GOP's puny 2000 platform gushed over immigration as a great asset to the country. On the campaign trail, Bush echoed Ted Kennedy by declaring the US to be one of the largest Spanish-speaking nations in the world. In his forgettable inaugural address. Bush intoned that blood and land do not define what’s left of the American nation. In other words, if northern Alabama were populated by say, 500,000 Indians and Pakistanis, it wouldn't matter; it would still be Alabama. Or so Bush and his conservative flunkies believe.
The unchecked immigration of the 1980s and '90s has already done its damage. It has ruined, probably forever, the “common culture” conservatives once waxed over. It has made discriminatory policies such as affirmative action and quotas a permanent feature of American law. It has given rise to militant anti-Western ideologies and reading lists. In fact, such is one of the arguments against the Confederate flag: How can one fly a distinct Christian banner in this multicultural paradise?
All this has not been the South's fault. As Bill Cawthon pointed out in his groundbreaking study on congressional voting patterns. Southern lawmakers, in past decades, have consistently voted for immigration restrictions. Most of them voted against the catastrophic 1965 reform bill, the one that opened the floodgates to the Third World invasion. But there is no Southern front on this-or other- issues, only a Southern majority. Even if Southern lawmakers were united on key social issues, it wouldn't matter. Pols from the rest of the country would simply come together to beat it down.
Over the years, restrictionists have made numerous arguments—economic, cultural, political, and moral-against the cult of immigration. The cultural one is probably why Southern politicians have opposed such reckless policies. For the South is not only a region with a vital, identifiable folk culture, it also is the only region with at least one foot in the old America. Everywhere, the US is strictly a 20th century creation. In the West, Midwest and Northeast, traditionalist rural folk are outnumbered by their decadent cousins in the city, or in the case of the West, by the liberals on the coast.
This is not yet true of the South. Rural and small town
people can still trump the New South city slickers. But such an advantage won't exist forever. The moral case against immigration remains a most potent argument. Americans have never voted for such a demographic revolution. In 1965, they were told by their leaders that no such changes would even take place at all. The moral argument has fallen on deaf ears, but its brilliance is still with us. It may take the loss of Texas and Florida for folks in the Southern heartland to snap out of it. Arguing for independence on the grounds that massive immigration is certain to destroy one's ancient culture may someday become a moral issue, too.
Mr Joe Scotchie is an author and a regular contributor to SE. His books include Barbarians In the Saddle, The Paleoconservatives, The Vision of Richard Weaver, and Thomas Wolfe Revisited.
® MOVIE REVIEW ®
O Brother, Is It Good or Bad?
by Connie Chastain Ward
There's a lot about the film O Brother, Where Art Thou? for Southrons to object to. It reflects the "good is evil and evil, good" mindset so frequently portrayed in the Empire's pop culture these days- e.g., the heroes are escaped convicts, the bad guys are authority figures-cops and politicians and a Bible salesman. The story also trivializes baptism and the script is liberally sprinkled with profanities.
Neither the good guys nor the bad guys are very bright, and they're all Southern men; or rather, they are stereotypes of Southern men.
With all that against it, I probably shouldn't like O Brother, Where Art Thou — but I saw it twice and thoroughly enjoyed it both times, before I realized it. Frankly these flaws are quite minor compared to many movies being churned out by Tinseltown these days. And despite the flaws, there's a lot about the film to like.
For those who haven't seen it, the story, set in 1937 Mississippi, centers on three convicts who escape a chain gang to retrieve a stolen fortune before construction of a reservoir buries it at the bottom of a lake. To persuade his two chain-mates to escape with him, the self-styled leader of the trio, Ulysses Everett McGill (George Clooney) has promised them a share of the booty from an armored car heist. In their striped prison togs, McGill, cantankerous Pete (John Turturro, a New Yorker who gives an amazing Southern performance) and personable but dense Delmar O'Donnell (Tim Blake Nelson) slip away from the chain gang, strike out across a Delta cotton field and gallop into nonstop adventure. (Continued on page 29)
On Being Southern:
I Deep South-Mid 1950s
IIBl	Part II
(Continued from our previous issue) by Tommy W. Rogers
Where Forrest Plaved Havoc with the Invaders As I have entered the vortex of chronological “senior citizen" ancient scenes of humiliation have surfaced which, even if not recognised as painful then, are painful now. There was that first big date, a data for the biggest of community events, a football game, driving the 1954 Chevy to a neighbouring village 15 miles away that Friday evening of the early Fall, 1955. One meets fears and conquers them, things turn out alright, do they not? For some people, I'm sure they do. We get there fine. Get parked in queue fine. Get in the stadium. Get seated. “Have I seen Mr Roberts?.” ‘ “Rock-around-the-Clock almost shakes the house down,’ she says as Pat Boone is ricocheted over the stadium loudspeaker this rich autumn evening.
1 have a few words to say myself, “there’s the West Town group,” referring to the boys of whom one can ride their back down to the tennis court and find cohorts hanging out there on magic Southern summer nights. I can even hear what must have been intended as more of a whispered private interchange of a couple of cohort neighbours rather than a public announcement, “he’s got a girl ” It's not that having femme accompaniment would be improbable for most persons of similar time, era, and chronicity. It’s just that I should be present with such accompaniment that is improbable.
And there is one of those imponderables of life. During the course of history’s first loss in a football contest since creation by the school of the town we’re from to the school of the smaller town across the river and up toward Tennessee where we are this September Friday night in 1955, she says “I’m thirsty.” I can picture the scene. I am sitting there hands under my rump, or maybe pressed on the bench for support, or maybe picking my nose if in a moment of optimistic prospects of coordination, but there 1 am with all the acuity of a proverbial bump. It seems as if the cups of soda, which we see walking past, grow closer, and larger, and more compelling each time the scene shadows consciousness. Maybe I’m so enthralled at the unlikelihood of the whole situation that I m catatonic.
This beautiful fifteen year old girl sits there by me in this crowd, me a mature sixteen myself, beginning the
eleventh grade. She sits there probably because escape. Maybe she does withdraw inwardly u,?* j contribute to that beyond necessity? Why j I immobilized when she says she is thirsty, 1 don'tknow Why I don’t respond on cue, I don't know. I will nevw know. I will never be able to answer. Why I don't! volunteer to obtain a soda just in case anyway, why she i does not ask again, or definitively, or do something to I snap me out of catatonia, I don't know, I don't know. ! Why I don't get the golden grail, I don't know. Why lemmings run into the sea, I don't know. I just remember. I am sitting there, she is sitting there, the whole damn populations of two towns are sitting there. Sparkling cola drinks pass by, or somebody passes by who obviously knew where the concession stand is, she says “I'm thirsty,” and I'm supposed to be responsible for her, attentive to her, considerate of her, and I might as well be in law school and asked to brief a case for which I have not prepared. Well, maybe I am prepared by background for the latter, for in such instances the answer would be “I don't know. I went to Mississippi State.” Sometimes the professor would have to run through three or four State alumni to obtain a response.
I don't know that this failure, this woodenness to respond by picking up on her observation and obtain a soda if the lass was thirsty, really had anything to do with any aspect of subsequent regional or world history.
I can only wonder, if, perhaps. She probably could have sized me pretty well a dullard anyway, even if I had demonstrated the what-ever-it-took, the alertness, the momentary elevation to rise above torpor and sloth, and retrieve a coke for her. Maybe I thought she was just making a general suggestion and I am to shy and nonintrusive to make it into an operative presumption without explicit direction? Or maybe, and more likely,
I am just super stupid. Even if she did not ask, I should have had the courtesy to inquire? Was anyone in creation as inopportunely unthoughtful as I? I think there may have been glitches by other person(s) at some time or place, but then their peccadillos were probably sufficiently covered with divine favour or by serendipitous fortuity which was cancelling or overcoming their shortfall.
Kawliiah. You Poor Ole Woodenhead
What I do remember is that vision of the ideal date
according to the protocol, as I conceived it, of the mid-
1950s. You pick up someone’s daughter; you always
remember who they are and treat them with honour-
after you park and knock on the door out of respect and
politeness; then you open the door of the car for ineress
and egress, out of respect and courtesy; when walBnol
if male you walk on the street side of the walk- M ....	—■—---------------—------llv> you are
13 Southern Events
Late 2000
always conscious of temporal elements and return her to her residence with time to spare; but, after whatever event which is the focus of the gathering, you always stop at a drive-in for milkshakes; then you drive her home, and probably she invites you in for a Pepsi or to listen to a record. All turns out well in spite, particularly when you pray about it. And, you discuss things; what she thinks, and why, and what the contrasts are with your view, else, how could you know her, or avail of this grace? Some people may have some other crap in mind, but not me.
I wonder if a word was said on the drive toward home, if the drive south to the town of origin was a long silent slide which I did not want to culminate without some mutuality of exchange or accord or discovery of common interest other than “No” I had not seen Mr Roberts. Maybe even a suggestion of something she has not seen but would like to see when it plays, or at least some indication she is not in immediate necessity of escaping from a disaster, just some bit of redemptive mutuality that I could psychically float on after the immediate sinks. Why does everything seem to be eschatological with me! I do not remember anything positive at all, do not remember anything at all, not even if I felt the slide was getting out of hand. I just remember pulling into a drive-in for a milk shake.
Dates always end on ritual milkshakes. Even I am that aware. 1 have not even asked if she would like to make that diversion; maybe I do not have that much sense, or maybe I am afraid to do so, or maybe what circulation I do not have no longer reaches my head. I just pull into the drive-in and unartful ly blurt “What could you use, Utah?” Actually, her name was of a Southern state home to many presidents, but I was far away as Utah as to establishing any mutuality in anything. Nobody, surely nobody in creation, had ever proved themselves so persona not grata as to render the milkshake portion of a mid-1950's date inoperative!
Stripped of Chance to be a Gentleman
I had not prepared myself for this refusal. Stripped to idiocy, and circulation now probably nonexistent above the ankles. Somehow I manage to negotiate the vehicle to her residence and she departs, mumbling some obligatory parting verbal gate-slam before she escapes.
I don't remember if I had come to a compete stop, or had just gotten in the general area of her house, when she left the car. I didn’t even have the opportunity to be courteous. I am not even permitted to be a gentleman. Even the thought is a delusion of grandeur.
She is gone, and not just for tonight, but gone with finality. It did not take much exposure for her to realize that she preferred to do much better. After a couple of
direct turndowns proffered at several weeks interval, each requiring a momentous build-up of yeoman courage to even launch a probe, I will recognise that she is hopelessly and completely out of sight has to be recognised as fact rather than as temporary aberration.
Nothing, nothing whatsoever may have been different if had been alert enough to have realized it was proper to buy her a coke when she said she was “thirsty.” I should have thought of it myself anyway. She may have set there on the right front seat of that 1954 Chevy as stiff and nonparticipatory as stone - when I thought we would walk into the drive-in and then walk-out, just like other human beings did - even if I had achieved a more alert response earlier on. That alertness doubtless would not have covered my other deficiencies, and the latter quite likely would have overshadowed any realistic defensive redoubt about failure to aid with a coke. But, at least I could have gotten her the coke. At least, I could have had that through the years. And I would know that failure thereon would not have been the want of a nail to shoe a horse which somehow factored into the rest of history to be.
The junior year comes, and it goes. But the senior year never comes since by mistaken fortunity and influence I will be at the academy appendance of “the world's most unusual university”. 1 endure the travail of my own doing, and it is summer, 1957 when I call this blonde femme recently from a small town a few miles south which used to have the haunting sign on the Hwy 31 “If You Lived in Hartselle You'd be Home Now,” and ask for company to play carpet golf. She accepts, but then the phone rings within five minutes. “My girl friend got so mad at me when I said I would play carpet golf with you tonight, she said I was supposed to spend the night with her.” Not quite nimble enough initially, or easily persuaded by a friend, or perhaps just about anyone would be okay for company, but when she realized its me, she realizes not him.
All this to say that I was not invulnerable to being embarrassed to shame, which, even if to numbed to have felt the pain then, is painful now even if some incidences took forty years for me to realize and to grieve how I must have felt. Or maybe then there was more time and presumed opportunity for redemptive and retributionary experience which would make such instances meaningless, wiles of the enemy to be as triumphantly overcome even as the shepherd boy of Psalms, sermon, and Sunday school lore destroyed the lion which came out against the sheep he tended. At least God was preparing rather than dispreparing. If the experience had been such that the lion had devoured, digested and emitted the lad David he likely would not have been prepared face Goliath armed only with faith bom of
experiential history and five smooth stones.
But, for the incident of “I Speak for Democracy at the academy adjunct of Ithe world's most unusual university'’ where I was summoned before the local pilate for the effort, there was not even repressed nor subdued shame or embarrassment. The anamadversionary interpretation of my treatment of "blabber mouthed politicians” did not leave me feeling belittled in the least. There may have been some perverse pride, as I reasoned it, on being known by the quality of one's detractors. I had all the confidence of being right, or so 1 thought. But, then, maybe assuming superiority, looking down with what would be disdain except for charitable magnanimity and superior wisdom, is itself a protective and reactive form of distancing.
Teachers, finding just one somewhere prior to an exception of one or two in college, whom I could admire, or look up to, or even like, or even feel liked by, was another of those desirable and influential elements all Americans are supposed to be able to fondly look back on and affirmatively attest to their positive influence. Alas, again, 1 was somehow an experiential exception. I do not think my deprivation was entirely because such person(s) were not there somewhere, but 1 an certain there was no such fortuitous synchronicity that I could benefit from such acquaintance. Indeed, so much was my alienation from conceptualizing most as other than an enemy force than a word which came to me of a coach ten miles south down the Beeline Highway who did not dislike me continues to make him a heroic figure of appreciation.
And maybe I myself was largely at fault, delusioned by ideas of grandeur of possessing of a kind evil-opposing valour, a Sir Galahad, a Lancelot self-called and to ready to battle evil in the world, and sufficiently ungifted with a critical and judgmental attitude so that tolerance did not impede my exercise of my ungifts, a NERD with a cuspidor rather than knight’s bearing. But who, or as best as I could tell from experiential observation, did more earn to earn just reprobation than teachers.
As a fourth grader tossing a tennis ball with acquaintances in a yard of one of them, talk turns to teachers. One of those inexplicable, but somehow res gestae symptomatic of life and world view, when I am asked who my teacher either was or would be, I respond “ole sour Short ” The ball is then thrown, not to me, but at me with belligerently enhanced momentum. Childhood seemed to involve considerable adversarial give and take with sometimes shifting alliances, but what stands out is my surprise which borders almost on exculpatory innocence. Somebody likes a teacher, somebody defending a teacher, somebody offended |
rather than appreciative of how a teacher is pejorativel assessed - my surprise is of incredulously disbelief which defies imagination. Whatever the enduring qualities of “Good morning. Miss Dove” or “Goodbye Mr Chips” were confined to cinema. I never experientially recognised the enduring qualities of any actually known.
I did look forward at some times in junior high to being in the class of several teachers who somehow had been publicly identified as consciously Christian. I thought that they thereby must be good. My presumption, however, is thorough delusion. I think I must be confused by their avowed identification with characteristics which I think must surely make anyone following its tenets the best. I find them in reality to be equal to the worst, and their apparent natural capacity for that equality, shall we say, only accentuated rather than tempered or improved by the whatever the attachments where they may have made to anything
supposedly Christian.
But as to this should^be humanely lived Senior year actually spent in the death camp at the fundamentalist bastion whose origin reeks with side-show sawdust trail evangelism, prior to experiential exposure I will presumptively think that the teachers, the people, the whole place, must be elevated and admirable. How could I have thought otherwise, for this hell-hole-for-me advertised itself as explicitly Christian. Therefore, I thought it had to be good.
As regards the episode in composing mantras for democracy, within several weeks after achieving my above noted somewhat less than approving response, Mr Russell McGuire, editor of American Mercury, was a guest speaker at this lifeless place of confinement. It occurred to me that his speech to the student body was a respectable presentation of just about what I had proffered in the “I Speak for Democracy” effort for which I had been judged disrespectful, only Mr McGuire's talk left out the maudlin poetry. The similarity was not surprising, for it was what I could recall form my reading in Mr McGuire's own journal which gave me most of the information load I was attempting to fire in my entry in the “I Speak for Democracy” assignment. I was certain that each of the faculty actors seemingly alarmed by the must-have-been deficiencies of a student obviously so wrong in his assessment of the political leaders of the country as reference “blabber mouthed politicians” had heard Mr McGuire speak at assembly, I would have to be vindicated.
For Want of a Nail
As for the rebuke, never caused a psychic twinge I
15 Southern Events
Late 2000
did not in the least mind it being known that, as far I was concerned, government should be held accountable, and, in priorities for allegiance, government per se, ‘‘democratic" or whatever, placed neither gold nor silver. But, as for the coke, if could have a redemptive moment to do something differently that Friday night of Deep South adolescence at the football game in that little town where Forrest's raiders had given the invaders such devilment almost a century earlier — I would, for heaven's sake and my own, grab a coke on behalf of this stranded lass. How fateful should a dead poet fail to seize the moment, or fail to find closure to a distress, was not perceived then in as devastating impact as I later imagined. Maybe there is such an entity as post-traumatic stress other than as another term for difficulties in adjusting to the responsibility of earning a living.
This premier date in the crown period of adolescence likely would have been the beginning of no collegial mutuality even if I had been more aware and socially adept, but at least it would not have been with such a questionably haunting humiliating depth of regret, or of wondering how much my spirit may have been enriched if that one mighty ineptitude had been overcome. Taking the big picture in consideration, that peccadillo may not have even been a factor in a rejection that was rather definitive and more encompassing than isolated incident. The bigger picture was: you are not worth knowing, nor being friends with, nor even exchanging a civil word with hereinafter - not any I'm really okay, it was just a coke.
Even so I would like to have known if that situation which stands out as catalyst really was just me in gestalt rather something which good fortuity would not have overcome. Or, if even the next year I might not have gone so far away from life into an abyss devoid of drama or romance, an environment in which the most pleasing memory is a teacher's reaction at the impropriety of my suggestion that the accomplishments of World War II may not have left the world in particularly more desirable state, and that the statements of “blabber mouthed politicians” are not always a precise measure of truth.
Even so, I, looking backward, think that I did have my priorities in proper one, two, three order, at least as regards speaking for “democracy”: 1) the Creator-Sustainer-Redeemer God first; it is His right to rule and to reign; 2) home, place, the experiential dimension which provides the footing for one to put the shoulder to grindstone and get on with the business of life — loving mercy, doing justice, and walking humbly with one’s God; and, then and only then, 3) the nation state, properly the lowest in that hierarchy of valuing, its
claims wholly derivative and that for the space provided for liberty of person and conscience so that citizens may live quite lives in godliness and honesty.
Sometimes the higher priorities do require sacrificing in the form of efforts organised by the nation state, not for its own purposes, but to maintain the integrity of the former and to respect their exercise. Those who marched with Cromwell knew it, those who signed the Declaration of Independence experienced it, those who wintered at Valley Forge lived, the defenders of home, hearth, conscience, place, and the legacy of Western man and Anglican liberty who took up arms in ray against the tyrant's heel carried that mantle. The courage and purpose of Michael New reflects it. Randy's Weaver's spouse, child, and dog were horiuched for implementing exactly what that collective is supposed to protect, not destroy.
I wasn't knowing enough to state in that high school composition that I, like the founders, spoke against democracy, and in favour of the republican form which they bequeathed, for we are citizens, not a mob, living in a republic of republics. But I did, I think, a seventeen-year-old incarceree wasted on the steppes of experiential tragedy instead of being at home in the days of youth as a high school senior, capture what many of the Southrons who took up their long rifles against the accelerated Springfield's knew, this is the United States. We do not exist for the pleasure of government. It is government that is properly responsible to us! Here, the government is not a deity, is not to be worshipped as a deity, is not entitled to exercise the claims of deity, and is to be critically judged and held accountable.
Dr Tommy Wayne Rogers is a Jackson, Mississippi attorney. He is formerly of the sociology faculty of Northwestern State University of Louisiana and of Georgia Southern University, and is a founding member of the League of the South
Southern Events
The Unreconstructed Journal For a one year subscription mail $15 cheque or money order
to
SOUTHERN EVENTS,
PO BOX 2517,
SELMA, ALABAMA 36702-2517
16 Southern Events
Late 2000
The War for Our Survival as a People
(Continued from page one)
by William Lamar Cawthon, Jr.
Lest you think that this is puffing by a defeated Confederate, a leading historian of the Old South (though from a Leftist perspective), Eugene Genovese, acknowledges that antebellum Southern intellectuals “matched and sometimes overmatched northerners in one intellectual discipline after another — in political and constitutional theory, political economy, theology, social and moral philosophy.” (E. D. Genovese, “The Southern Conservative Tradition,” speech given at the University of South Carolina c. 1992, p. 9.)
Pollard, however, noted the severe danger that the South would be subject to, that, in fact, the South has succumbed to. “The danger is,” Pollard wrote, that Southerners will lose their literature, their former habits of thought, their intellectual self assertion [emphasis supplied], while they are too intent upon recovering the mere material [emphasis in original] prosperity ....
There are certain coarse advisers who tell the Southern people that the great ends of their lives now are to repair their stock of national wealth; to bring in Northern capital and labour; to build mills and factories and hotels and gilded caravansaries; and to make themselves rivals in the clattering and garish enterprise of the North. This advice has its proper place. But there are higher objects than the Yankee magna bona of money and display, and loftier aspirations than the civilization of material things. In the life of nations, as in that of the individual, there is something better than pelf, and
the coarse prosperity of dollars and cents.(E. A.
Pollard, The Lost Cause, p. 75 1.)
What Pollard feared has triumphed. We as a society have regained our material prosperity, to the exclusion of retaining and cultivating our former habits of thought and the culture and way of life of our Southland. Instead of a war of ideas, we have blindly followed the ever more radical and alien ideas emanating from Harvard and Yale and other intellectual centres of authority outside the South. We have allowed all of our institutions to espouse the alien Yankee philosophies. We have no universities of our own, no major media, most of our religious leaders do not understand our traditions, and our business leadership apparently thinks that to maintain prosperity we must abandon the South. While we bask in our new found prosperity, a war for
our extermination as a people is gaining ever greater momentum. I have been associated as a student with the history department at the University of Georgia for quite a number of years, and therefore have obtained an understanding of the thinking of the American regime that has decreed death to a distinctive, historic Southern culture. The history profession has become, for some reason, the most liberal of all the liberal arts professions, and, therefore, serves as a guide to the thought of the very liberal and even Leftist American regime which controls us. What is a regime? It is an ancient concept which Angelo Codevilla, in his recent book, The Character of Nations, uses in an analysis of civilizations throughout history and of countries around the world today. Basically, a regime is composed of the government plus the leading institutions of a society. It is what gives, as our antebellum Southern ancestors would have said, tone and character to a people. As Codevilla notes, the American regime today is anti-traditional, anti-local government, anti-religion, and is striving with all of its vast power to pull the US further to the Left toward an egalitarian superstate of vast centralization of authority, including both business and State. He notes that the leaders of both the Democratic and Republican Parties are part of the regime, as is the American business community. This American regime intends to obliterate our South as thoroughly as the | Romans destroyed Carthage. “Those people,” in the I immortal words of General Lee, literally want no person I living to admire the traditional South or to live its precepts; they are, in fact, well advanced in their | campaign of cultural genocide, daily indoctrinating our ! youth in the horrors and evil and hopelessly backward ways of our people. They are demonizing us, and they are winning. How many of your friends think you are a bit extreme, and accept the reigning American interpretation of the world? Very many, I am sure.
Whether the regime is most effective in brainwashing the best and brightest of our youth, or in neutralizing the vast majority, is yet to be seen. It has most effectively neutralized our people by a magic word it employs over and over in the forms of “racist” or “racism.”
While we fret over the possibility of being “racist,” or look askance at this or that organisation or effort because it might harbour “racists,” we delude ourselves, destroy our concepts of fair play and the government’s role in society, discriminate in favour of the formally discriminated against, and have helped create a world in which whites of European ancestry are literally decreasing in population. We are not only facing the collapses and extinction of a culture, we are facing a demographic catastrophe.____________________________
Late 2000
The US Census Bureau has for some years now been projecting that whites of non-Hispanic origin will become a minority of the population of the US in about the year 2053. However, demographic trends revealed by the last Census would put that major transformation of the US in the late 2020s, within the lifetime of most here today. The proportion of white non-Hispanics in Georgia declined by 7 and a half percentage points over the last decade, bringing their share of Georgia's population down to 62 and a half percent. At this rate, Georgia will become a minority Anglo-Celtic State by the year 2017, just 16 years away!
As Time magazine noted in a 1990 cover story article on the “Browning of America,” as it called this sea-change in the transformation of this country, everything will change, from values to education to business to culture. We will be a totally different country. The historic South, and historic America, will cease to exist.
If we can just regain our belief in ourselves, in the clear superiority of the South, as articulator and defender of the Western tradition, then we may emerge as the source of the revitalization and the renaissance of the Western spirit.
To say that our forebears are turning in their graves is an understatement. We are repudiating everything they stood for. Our ancestors did not brave the hardships of an ocean voyage, the perils of cultivating a wilderness, a war of epic proportions, and all the other hardships and trials of life to prepare the way for the extinction of their cultural inheritance, the whittling away of their liberties, and their amalgamation with alien peoples.
Some people are beginning to wonder if we may not have to seek refuge in some foreign land. I have heard talk of moving to Europe, to Australia or New Zealand, to South America. But from what I understand, the South is the last best hope of Western Christendom on the face of the planet. All the other Western countries are more socialistic than is the South, and the overwhelming majority are more secular. Their leadership is even more attuned to the one world secular-egalitarian mentality than is ours. A friend who left the US in 1988 for Europe, thinking even then that the US was too far gone toward materialism and socialism, and who now lives in Switzerland, is seriously thinking of returning to his native Southland, because, as he says, even Switzerland has gone socialistic, and Christianity is “dead in Europe.”
The South is the one major area of the Western world
where the old verities and understandings still have strength among the masses of the people. More and more, I see the South as the hope of the Western world. If we can just regain our belief in ourselves, in the clear superiority of the South, as articulator and defender of the Western tradition, then we Southerners may emerge as the source of the revitalization and the renaissance of the Western spirit.
Yet our people are caught up in the “garish enterprise of the North,” in the Yankee race to money and power and display. We do not know our history, our strengths, our uniqueness, our talents. Our youth have been brainwashed to believe that we are inferior. Our business, civic, and religious leaders were taught long ago to turn their backs on their heritage and to admire and emulate whatever are the latest trends in thought and action from Northern or European quarters. As William Gilmore Simms, that great Southern litterateur and patriot argued. Southerners have all the elements needed for greatness. We should strive to be, like the ancient Athenians, an inspiration for the world, creative in the best sense of the word. Our tradition gives us the intellectual wisdom, our experience gives us the wisdom gained through many generations living with the everyday realities that most of the world's population has faced, including horrible defeat and poverty.
We are a nation; in fact, one of the foremost nations of the earth. Again, the powers that be have misled us. Political sovereignty is not necessary for the existence of a nation. On the contrary, a nation is most essentially a people, particularly defined by history and memories. The Oxford Dictionary of English Etymology's definition of nation shows why this is so. Our word “nation” traces back to the Latin natio(n~), meaning “breed, race, stock,” which is formed from the past participle stem of nasci, “to be bom.”
We need to be like the Basques of northern Spain and southwestern France, a tenacious nation of people who have survived through the millennia, defeating every effort to extinguish their culture. The Basques have combined the ability to participate in the wider world, to be successful economically, and yet fiercely maintain their sense of identity and culture. Many a Basque participated in the Spanish conquest of the Americas. Theirs was one of the first regions of Spain to industrialize. Yet the most important word in their native language, is gure. ‘It means “our”- our people, our home, our village.’ “A central concept in Basque identity is belonging—” Though they do not have their own politically independent nation, they are among the most nationalistic of all European peoples. They “are determined to lose nothing that is theirs.” The author of
Late 2000
The Basque History of the World believes that long after France and Spain disappear as nations the Basque nation will endure. (Mark Kurlansky, The Basque History of the World (New York: Penguin Books, 1999, pp. 4-6, 326, 35 1).
Richard Weaver, that great Southern conservative intellectual of the twentieth century, saw the South in similar terms. ‘‘Being a Southerner,” he wrote, “is definitely a spiritual condition, like being a Catholic or
a Jew....He believed that the South's experience during
the war for its independence only “confirmed the feeling that it was in spirit and needs a separate nation.” (George M. Curtis, III and James J. Thompson, Jr., eds., The Southern Essays of Richard M Weaver (Indianapolis: Liberty Press, 1987, pp. 250-251.)
It is absolutely unthinkable that we Southerners, one of the great peoples of the earth, instrumental in forming the grand United States of America and instrumental in every phase and in most of the elements of US greatness, should disappear as a people.
William Gilmore Simms, whose works we should all know, penned words in an 1844 Fourth of July oration which should goad every Southern man and woman today to action: “No people not utterly shorn of pride, of manhood, of all the most ordinary sensibilities of human nature, but must finally revolt at all hazards, against the constant warfare, the prolonged annoyance, the denunciation and the indignity, and take measures of safety and precaution against the dangers which these necessarily imply.” And to this we may add, the present threats of cultural and even eventual physical genocide.
The blood of freedom loving patriots flows in your veins. A war is waging for your survival. You must act.
To illustrate how alien we Southerners are to the beliefs and values of our forebears, let me quote from a President-General of the United Daughters of the Confederacy. Eugenia Dorothy Blount Lamar, who endowed the Lamar Memorial Lectures to perpetuate the best type of Southern scholarship, gave the 1939 Confederate Memorial Day address in Athens, Georgia. She spoke for “a more Southern South,” “as old-fashioned as you please.” She summarized her talk:
I have long felt that the strength and charm of the South and its hope for the future lie in its conservation, its cherished attachment to traditions of our forebears, and its predominant Anglo-Saxon racial integrity. I have applauded industrial progress and business growth to a large extent, but I have also deplored alien innovations which our more radical and prosperity-bent Progressives would inflict on us in the name of plenty and industrial development. Our forefathers achieved the finest
flower of civilization, grace, morality, and integrity under an agrarian system, and I have always felt that this traditional Southern way of life is the soundest, most certain way to our well-being. (Dolly Blount Lamar, When All Is Said And Done, (Athens: The University of Georgia Press, 1952, p. 134.)
Of course, change is a part of human civilization. The South had to change certain aspects of her race relations, and industrialize far more than many of us desired. But the changes sweeping over the South threaten our very existence as a people.
That the South will survive somewhere and in some fashion, I am sure. But whether we are able to survive in the core of our historic homeland is the question.
We must build our own institutions from the ground up. We must never surrender our land to the alien peoples and forces which threaten our very existence. The Mississippi flag vote and the reaction to the Barnes' blitzkrieg on the Georgia flag are hopeful signs that we Southerners are at last waking up and reclaiming our inheritance and our culture. But it will not be easy. We are in a fearful war for our very survival, and we must think and act as if we are on a war footing, for we truly are. A war of ideas - a culture war - is what we are fighting today, and we must an-n ourselves for the task. We are stronger than we think. Let us be determined to take Georgia and the South back. Let the South be Southern again, as Southern as you please.
Mr William Lamar Cawthon, Jr. is one of thefounding members of the League of the South, and resides in Athens, Georgia where he has been active in the fight to “take back Georgia. ”
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
OUR DECLARA TION OF PURPOSE: We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
To join send a written statement that you support the declaration of purpose, along with your name, address, phone number,
and dues to P. O. BOX 14184,
MONROE, LA 71207 Regular Membership Dues:
$40 annually, $60 for husband and wife.
19 Southern Events
Late 2000
Casting New Light On The Federalist Papers
(Continued from page one) by Jim Langcuster
The Federalist Papers has always been considered one of the enduring classics of American political theory.
Despite all of the genuinely patriotic feeling reflected throughout the essays, there is an element of chicanery associated with The Federalist.
John Taylor of Caroline observed that if the journal had been published immediately after the convention, it would have changed the entire course of history.
Until a few years ago, it was required reading in many colleges and universities and even a few public high schools.
Even in an age of “dumbed down” curricula, The Federalist still commands its share of camp followers. Several years ago, for example, a California assemblyman, Keith Ogberg, even managed to push through a new law mandating that The Federalist become required reading once again in public high schools.
First published in New York in 1788 to gamer support for the proposed US Constitution, The Federalist was the handiwork of three of the finest political minds of late-eighteenth century America: Alexander Hamilton, John Jay and James Madison.
Unlike many other turgid political tracts of the time. The Federalist was written in clear, but eloquent, prose in order to appeal to a mass audience. The authors accomplished entirely what they had set out to do. Indeed, from a rhetorical standpoint, they completely outclassed, outgunned, and outfoxed their opponents, the so-called “anti-federalists.” Part of this success arguably could be attributed to their genuinely heartfelt passion: all three, after all, seemed to believe the proposed constitution offered the best, and perhaps only, hope for a lasting union of the states.
Still, despite all of the genuinely patriotic feeling reflected throughout the essays, there is an element of chicanery associated with The Federalist. For starters, all three authors wrote under the alias “Publius,” and pretended to have only second-hand knowledge of the drafting of the Constitution, even though two of them, Hamilton and Madison, served as delegates to the Constitutional Convention. Madison, in fact, had even kept a detailed journal of convention's proceedings.
John Taylor of Caroline observed that if this journal had been published immediately after the convention, it
would have changed the entire course of history by allowing Americans a much clearer understanding of the Framers’ original intentions.
Madison, however, waited decades to publish the text — a wise decision considering the harm it would have caused his career if voters back home had learned of the unabashedly pro-nationalist sentiments he expressed throughout the Constitutional Convention.
Postponing the publication of the journal afforded the three authors with a significant tactical advantage over their opponents. It enabled them to portray the Constitution as an entirely new system of government employing both federalist and nationalist attributes, even it though did nothing of the sort - as release of Madison's journal proved decades later.
Even if a majority of the delegates had succeeded in replacing the Articles of Confederation with an entirely nationalist system of government, their efforts ultimately would have been futile. Any such constitution based on such a principle would have been resoundingly rejected by the states. Granted, nationalists enjoyed a brief ascendancy during the first three weeks of the convention. A faction of delegates led by Virginia Governor Edmund Randolph, a nationalist, even managed to introduce a series of fifteen resolutions that many scholars believe were ghostwritten by Madison. These resolutions opposed a simple revision of the Articles of Confederation and called instead for a national government.
Introduced on 30 May 1787, by Randolph and seconded by Gouvemeur Morris, they held that a “union of states merely federal, will not accomplish the objects proposed by the articles of confederation, namely, common defense, security of liberty, and general welfare.” One of these resolutions even proposed granting Congress the power to “negative all laws passed by the several States contravening, in the opinion of the National Legislature, the Articles of Union or any treaty subsisting under the authority of the Union.” This especially radical measure was opposed even by Morris, an otherwise staunch nationalist, who nevertheless feared that incorporating such a provision in the proposed constitution would squelch any chance of ratification by the state legislatures or by ratifying conventions. As it turned out, the issue of a congressional veto of state laws was raised twice during the convention and resoundingly rejected each time.
Even so, the supporters of the stridently nationalist Randolph (or Virginia) Plan held the upper hand during the first three weeks of the Convention when many of the delegates from the smaller states hadn't yet arrived. However, by June 20, Oliver Ellsworth, a delegate from
Connecticut, introduced a resolution stating “that the government of the United States out to consist of a supreme legislative, executive and judicial
government."
This resolution, which was approved unanimously by the Convention, represented a significant turning point during the convention because it struck out every allusion to “national” that had appeared in the Virginia Plan. By the time the constitution reached its final draft, there was not one clause in the proposed constitution characterizing the general government as “national” in nature, even though a few delegates returned to their states claiming to have drafted an entirely new “national” system.
Nevertheless, Madison's and Hamilton's essays in The Federalist portray the Constitution as possessing dual federal and nationalist attributes, even though Madison's own journal offers substantial evidence to the contrary.
Outlining this dual nature in The Federalist #39, for example, Madison argued that “.. .the Constitution is to be founded on the assent and ratification of the people of America,” though not “...as individuals composing one entire nation; but as composing the distinct and independent states to which they respectively belong.” Madison also asserted that the House of Representatives would reflect the national attributes of the United States, while the Senate, whose members would be appointed by the various state legislatures, would represent the federal nature of the Union.
In its operation, Madison contended, the government would be national, since its powers would extend to the “people of America” in their individual capacities. Indeed, throughout The Federalist, Madison and Hamilton depicted the Union under the Constitution as a something entirely new under the sun: a “compound republic” reflecting both national and federal attributes, rather than a strictly confederative system in which the general government merely functioned as an agent of the states.
What Taylor found most confusing about Federalist #39 is Madison's notion that the Constitution would be founded on the consent of the “people of America,” even though the new plan of government required ratification of thirteen separate state conventions.
Taylor marshaled a stunning array of evidence to expose the fatal flaws in Madison's argument. For example, if the Framers had intended to establish a national government, Taylor believed, they would have adopted a provision calling on the states to dissolve themselves or to relinquish their authority so that the people of the states would have been free to form one nation. Of course, nothing of the sort was done. The_
proposed Constitution, in fact, required the sanction of state legislatures before it could even be submitted to state ratification conventions. Even Madison describes each state ratification convention “as a sovereign body, independent of all others, and only to be bound by its own voluntary act.”
Besides, the state ratification conventions were intended to be more than just a convenient means of canvassing the sentiments of the “people of America.” After all, ratifying a new constitution was serious business. Under the circumstances, Taylor believed, the Framers had every reason to insist that the constitution should be the ratified by “the several states that are parties to it, expressed not by the legislative authority, but by the people (of the states) themselves.”
Taylor believed the framers' decision to leave responsibility of amending the Constitution with the states was further evidence of the explicitly federal nature of the document. To phrase it another way, if the Constitution established a strong national government representing the American people in their corporate capacity, why were individual state legislatures empowered to approve constitutional amendments? Taylor asked.
No, Taylor believed, despite all of the deft arguments employed by Madison and the others in The Federalist, the Framers established an exclusively federal government.
Even the legislative body established by the new constitution was to remain a federal body, comprised solely of representatives of the states - a fact clearly reflected in several key phrases:
•	“Each state shall have one representative;”
•	(Each state) “shall choose a specified number of representatives.”
•	(Each state) “shall elect representatives in the manner prescribed by its legislature;”
•	(The representation of each state shall one) “vote in choosing the president.”
All of this, Taylor believed, was proof enough that Congress ~ even the people's chamber, the House of Representatives - “was a representation from each state, and not of an American nation.”
Mr Jim Langcuster’s web site, “ JimLangcuster.com, ” explores paleoconservatism and devolution from a Southern perspective.
“Of course, anything out of the South will be called grotesque by the northern reader, unless it really is grotesque, and then it will be called realistic.”
-- Flannery O'Connor
21	Southern Events
Late 2000
The Boycott That Worked
Why Smith and Wesson Got Whipped
(Continued from page one)
by Greg Kay
The boycott against Walmart hasn't worked for the same reason that the ones against Disney haven't worked; the people doing the boycotting do not make up a large enough percentage of their customer base to have a significant economic effect on these corporate giants to force them to bend politically; particularly in a direction that is considered politically incorrect by the mainstream media who depicts it as such.
It is much the same with the NAACP boycott against South Carolina and threatened boycotts against other states over the Confederate flag. Those boycotts were failures for the same reason. Yes, the flags lost in two states, but not because of the boycott. The boycott simply gave the cowards who voted for it an excuse to justify the actions that they wanted to take anyway. The simple fact is that black tourism in the Southern States is not and never has been a pivotal economic factor, particularly since the NAACP only represents a tiny minority of blacks (most ignored their self-appointed leaders' calls), any monetary effect that a boycott by their members would have would not even make a blip on the chart. Any losses by their absence were more than made up by whites reacting to the boycott by vacationing there purely in defiance of it. The figures clearly show that the tourism-generated dollars in South Carolina went up between twenty and thirty percent during the boycott. In other words, even though it was used as an excuse, the boycott was, in its self, an abysmal failure.
Let's look at a boycott that worked - the one against Smith & Wesson.
Smith & Wesson's management, British-based Tomkins PLC chose not to battle the "legislation by litigation" scum who seek to change law through nuisance suits (as was done against the tobacco industry) and line their own pockets. Instead, S&W cut a deal with the notoriously corrupt Clinton regime to make their guns more politically correct, by forcing the sale of trigger locks and developing "smart gun" technology; i.e., a microchip that prevents the firing of the weapon by "unauthorized persons" and would, by its very nature, be subject to being turned off by those coming later to confiscate the said gun, who would (or should) be the ones being shot at anyway. Up to this point, all was well and good; a business decision (albeit
a cowardly and stupid one) had been made. If people didn't want those features, they could buy another brand. That's where the real trouble started, because, according to the deal that S&W made with the government, they would work to make that a difficult option. Smith & Wesson demanded that all stores selling their product must also sell all of their other guns with trigger locks as well. The gun dealers and the gun buyers promptly told the largest, most previously respected handgun manufacturer to go to Hell. Gun Owners of America first began the boycott and it spread like wildfire. Dealers refused to carry their product and buyers refused to purchase it. Sales dropped 50%. It was a boycott, and it was a boycott that worked. On 14 May, Tomkins sold Smith & Wesson that they had paid SI 12.5 million dollars for fourteen years ago, to a tiny, five-man Arizona company called Saf-T-Hammer Corporation (They make trigger locks, of all things.) for a total of $15 million. That was an effective boycott. Why? It fed directly on the anger by the gun-buying consumer over a company's actions, and that gun-buying consumer was the main customer base of this company. Unlike the boycotts mentioned at the beginning of the article, they had both the motivation and, more importantly, the power to break this company - and break it they did.
A boycott is fine for a statement, but that's not its real purpose. The real purpose of a boycott is to use economic pressure to force someone to do something. For it to work, your target must be someone that you make up a substantial enough economic factor in his business that you can realistically bring enough force against him to either bend him to your will or else destroy him. Smith & Wesson was a rare animal, where circumstances brought everything together just right. That doesn't happen often, but it does still occasionally happen. If we begin looking at it from this perspective, we may begin to think of more creative ways or combinations of ways to force change, and more selective targeting. While shooting at looming tank with a .45 automatic may make you feel like you're doing something, you might find it easier to stop that behemoth by attacking something else that you can actually make an impression on - like its supply depot or its maintenance crew, for instance.
Greg Kay is the Editor o/The Southern Party News His email address is gregk@zoomnet.net
“The strongest reason for people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.”
—Thomas Jefferson
22	Southern Events
Late 2000
| The Connecting Thread:
j Southrons as the “real” Americans
(Continued from page one) by Clyde Wilson
A friend of mine, a scholar of international reputation and a Tar Heel by birth, was visiting professor at a very prestigious Northern university a few years ago. In idle conversation with some colleagues, he happened to mention that his mother was an active member of the Daughters of the American Revolution and the United Daughters of the Confederacy.
His colleagues were shocked with disbelief. Their families had come from remote parts of Europe long after the War for Southern Independence. Their understanding of American history went like this: America had been founded by noble, freedom and equality loving patriots. And then that noble founding had been saved by other great patriots against a wicked rebellion of traitors seeking only to preserve the un-American institution of slavery. How could one celebrate both the founding and the treason?
Of course, these professors’ view of American history is absurd. But it illustrates the dilemma that Southerners face when they try to give correct accounts of their history. The wrong view has been taught as gospel truth for generations. It has been taught to generations of later immigrants who regard it as the true story of America. It promotes the self-esteem of Northerners. Many Northerners (not all) have no felt historical connection with America, which they regard in abstract terms as "a proposition nation." They literally do not know what Southerners are talking about when they defend their heritage, the real experience of their own families, because they do not know what a real heritage is.
The false view of history is a very powerful tool in its emotional appeal to centralized government, to unthinking nationalist fervor, and to the eternal mission for correcting the world that motivates leftists. It is the same type of mentality that thinks bombing women and children in the Balkans is OK because it is done in the name of theories of "human rights" and "democracy."
You know your Confederate ancestors were not fighting for slavery. But the people you are arguing with have no ancestors. Their minds deal in abstractions, not lived human experience. They know what has been promulgated as the national mythology - that Lincoln saved government of, by, and for the people and the ideal that "all men are created equal."
So, our Confederate forebears, who were in both blood and principle literally sons of the American
Revolution, go down as traitors, while those who destroyed the work of the Founders and reconstructed America on a new centralized basis, are considered its saviours!
As a small contribution to correcting historical views, I have compiled, from ordinary reference sources, an account of the kinship relations of Confederates to the patriots of the Revolution (and to other important figures in the founding and early development of the US) The connection of the Confederate effort for independence with the principles of self-government of peoples expounded by the American Revolution has been well-defended and is (or rather ought to be) obvious. I want to show the actual connection of families. It is true that descendants sometimes lose or mistake the principles of their sires, but that is not the case in the three score and eleven years from the founding of the US to the founding of the CSA. Do we really believe that the leaders of the North, few of whom had an significant family connection to the founding patriots, better represent the American Revolution?
Confederate Connections to the American Revolution and the Early History of the US
CSA President Jefferson Davis was the son of a soldier in the American Revolution.
Vice President Alexander H. Stephens was the grandson of a soldier in the Revolution.
Gen. Robert E. Lee was the son of a cavalry general in the Revolution and the nephew of two signers of the Declaration of Independence. His wife was the great-granddaughter of Martha Washington.
Samuel Cooper, Jr., ranking general of the CSA, was the son of a Revolutionary officer from Massachusetts. He was bom in New Jersey and appointed to West Point from New York. His wife was the granddaughter of the Virginia Revolutionary statesman George Mason. Her brother was the Confederate minister to Great Britain, James M. Mason.
William Henry Chase, who commanded the Florida state forces in the early days of the Confederacy, was a native of Maine and was the great-nephew of John Hancock, famous signer of the Declaration of Independence from Massachusetts.
Brig. General Hylan B. Lyon, CSA, was bom in Kentucky, but his grandfather, Matthew Lyon, was a congressman from Vermont who was one of the few supporters of Jefferson in New England and was famous for having been prosecuted under the Sedition Act.
Brig. Gen. and Secretary of War George W. Randolph was the grandson of Thomas Jefferson.
Brig. Gen. James E. Slaughter was the grand-nephew of James Madison. _________________________________
23	Southern Events
Late 2000
Maj. Gen. Daniel S. Donelson was the nephew of Andrew Jackson.
Brig. Lucius M. Walker was the nephew of President James K. Polk.
Lt. Gen. Richard Taylor, CSA, was the son of President Zachary Taylor and the grandson of a Revolutionary officer.
Lt. Gen. Leonidas Polk’s father was a Revolutionary colonel as was his maternal grandfather.
Maj. Gen. Matthew C. Butler was the nephew, on his mother’s side, of the great Connecticut naval heroes, Oliver Hazard Perry and Matthew Calbraith Perry. Butler’s wife was the great-granddaughter of the Revolutionary Gen. Andrew Pickens.
A number of the early heroes of the US Navy were Southerners like Stephen Decatur. Most of the rest of the outstanding Naval officers were from the Middle States and almost none from New England, though New England was supposedly the most seafaring part of the Union. The US Marine Corps from its beginning to the War was mostly led and manned by Southerners. After his experience before the mast, Herman Melville, author of Moby Dick, contrasted Southern navy officers very favorably with others for their decency and fairness to lower ranks.
Maj. Gen. David E. Twiggs was the son of Gen. John Twiggs of the Revolution.
Brig. Gen. Hugh W. Mercer was the grandson of Revolutionary Gen. Hugh Mercer.
Gen. Joseph E. Johnston, CSA, was the son of a Revolutionary army colonel.
Maj. Gen. Benjamin Huger’s grandfather was a Revolutionary officer and a friend of Lafayette.
Lt. Gen. John C. Pemberton was descended from one of tne prominent first settlers of Pennsylvania.
Brig. William Nelson Pendleton’s forebears included Thomas Nelson, Revolutionary governor of Virginia and signer of the Declaration of Independence, and Virginia patriot Edmund Pendleton.
At least two grandsons and many other relatives of Patrick Henry served in the Confederate army.
President John Tyler was a member of the Confederate Congress and his son Robert was Treasurer of the Confederate States.
Lt. Gen. Richard H. Anderson, CSA, was a grandson of a Revolutionary officer.
Lt. Gen. D.H. Hill was grandson of a Revolutionary officer.
Lewis A. Washington, a grandnephew of George Washington, was one of the people slaughtered by John Brown on his raid on Harpers Ferry. (Brown stole a sword of George Washington’s which he regarded as a
talisman.)
The father of Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith, CSA, was a distinguished War of 1812 officer from Connecticut, and his brother, a colonel, was killed in action in the Mexican War.
Maj. Gen. Joseph B. Kershaw was the grandson of a Revolutionary officer.
Lt. Gen. Wade Hampton’s grandfather was a Colonel in the Revolution and a general in the War of 1812.
Brig. Gen. Humphrey Marshall was grandson of the first US Senator from Kentucky.
Maj. Gen. John C. Breckinridge, besides being US Vice-President, had a grandfather who was an early Senator from Kentucky and a member of Jefferson’s cabinet.
Brig. Gen. Tumer Ashby’s grandfather was an officer in the Revolution. The father of Brig. Gen. William Carroll, CSA, was a general in the War of 1812.
Brig Gen. Henry A. Wise was the son-in-law of John Sergeant, distinguished Pennsylvania political leader and candidate for Vice-president of the US.
Brig. Gen. William Preston, CSA was the grandson of two Revolutionary officers.
Brig. Gen. Bradley T. Johnson, CSA, was the grandson of a Revolutionary officer.
John P. Maclay, Gen. of Louisiana state forces in the Confederacy, came from a family who were the leading Jeffersonians in western Pennsylvania including an important Senator.
Brig. Gen. Lewis A. Armistead had a father and four uncles who fought in the War of 1812.
Robert W. Johnson, member of the Confederate Congress from Arkansas, was the nephew of Richard M. Johnson, Vice-president of the US.
The father of Brig. Gen. Thomas F. Drayton was bom in St. Augustine, where his family had been exiled because of Revolutionary activities.
Revolutionary War Gen. William Henry’s son, Gustavus, was a member of the Confederate Congress from Kentucky and his grandson a Confederate colonel.
William R. Caswell, CSA officer from Tennessee, was the grandson of North Carolina Revolutionary War general and governor Richard Caswell.
The great American painter James McNeill Whistler, though bom in Massachusetts, was a Confederate sympathizer, which partly explains why he spent his life in Europe, according to a recent biography. His brother was a Confederate surgeon.
The words to the US national anthem were written by Francis Scott Key, as is well known. Less well-known is that his grandson, Francis Key Howard, was one of the Marylanders imprisoned by Lincoln for Southern
24	Southern Events
Late 2000
sympathies. Howard was also the grandson of Col. John Eager Howard, commander of the famous Maryland Line in the Revolutionary War. Another Francis Scott Key grandson was Richard Hammond Key, Confederate soldier who died in a Yankee prison camp.
This is just to scratch the surface. This list of Confederate family connections to the American Revolution and to the early development of America could be expanded for many pages. This is not even to touch on the political and military leaders of the CSA who were themselves or whose close relatives were leaders in the 19th century prior to the War:
Senators, Congressmen, cabinet members, jurists, diplomats, soldiers, educators, clergy and many others. The South and the Frontier Let’s look at another area of Southern and Confederate contributions, the West, the frontier. According to the Northern mythology (which in this as in so much else is exactly opposite of the truth), Southerners were effete slaveowners and not sturdy pioneers like Northerners. In fact, most acquisition, exploration, and early settlement of the frontier before the War was by Southerners. Nobody from Boston, despite the movies, ever went west in a covered wagon. The Philadelphia gentleman Owen Wister had it right when he called his Wyoming novel, The Virginian. Here are some connections, just a few of those we might cite.
Nearly all of the Mountain Men who opened up the Rocky Mountains and beyond, were Southerners - Kit Carson, Jim Bridger, Charles Bent.
Sons, grandsons, and nephews of the following great pioneer figures served in the Confederate army: Daniel Boone, David Crockett, Sam Houston, William Clark of Lewis and Clark, Isaac Shelby.
William Clark’s son, Meriwether Clark, was an acting general in the Confederate army. More distant relatives of David Crockett and Daniel Boone: John W. Crockett, member of the Confederate Congress, and Andrew R. Boone, secession leader and Confederate Congressman from Kentucky. Confederate Gen. Joseph O. Shelby was Isaac Shelby’s grandnephew Sam Houston’s initial "Unionism” is well-known, Sam Jr. was severely wounded in the Confederate army.
The national mythology treats Texas as "western" when it is to be praised and "Southern" when it is not. The whole historical glory of Texas is Southern. It could not have existed as it was except as an extension of Southern culture. (Think about South Dakota). Consider the heroic Texas frontiersman who were Confederate soldiers: Tom Green, Ben McCullough, "Rip" Ford, Sul Ross (and many others).
The Southern badmen (the Jameses, the Youngers,
John Wesley Hardin) were driven to their crimes by the oppressions of Reconstruction. The Yankee Western heroes (Earp, Cody, Hickock) were in real life criminals and frauds who got their fame by killing for the winning side in Reconstruction.
The cattle kingdom in the North was opened entirely by Texan ex-Confederates, although wealthy Yankee and English capitalists and eastern playboys like Teddy Roosevelt moved in after the real pioneering work had been done.
The Confederacy, Immigrants, Catholics, and Jews
As is well-known, or ought to be, the antebellum South was much more ethnically tolerant and open than the North, where the predominant elements can truly be described as bigoted. The South was electing Catholics and Jews to office when Bostonians were burning down convents.
The flourishing critics of the Old South like to paint it as a narrow society that could attract allegiance only from slave-owners and slavery defenders. One of the many falsehoods that are becoming accepted as fact among academic historians is that only slave owners were for secession and Southern independence. Currently fashionable interpretations rely on unrepresentative snippets of information to declare that non-slaveholders and women did not support the Confederacy - patent misrepresentations of plain historical facts.
To the contrary, consider that nearly one-fourth of general officers in the Confederate army were bom in Europe or the North and many others had northern connections. In fact, almost every Northerner and foreigner who had lived in the South for any period of time was a loyal Confederate.
Furthermore, many Southerners came home from the North and West where they had successful careers in order to share the fate of the Southern people in war. Let me mention just a few: Simon B. Buckner of Kentucky gave up a fortune in Chicago real estate; George W. Rains of North Carolina left a prosperous iron foundry he had established in Newburgh, New York; Alexander C. Jones of Virginia resigned a judgeship in St. Paul, Minnesota, where he had lived twenty years; Joseph L. Brent of Louisiana gave up a lucrative law practice and leadership of the Democratic Party in Los Angeles.
The same solidity of support for the Confederacy among immigrants to the US in the South can be shown. Some good recent books on immigrants to the South: Robert N. Rosen in The Jewish Confederates documents how nearly all Jewish Southerners were loyal Confederates who sacrificed and bled as readily as their neighbors and also shows the antisemitism rife among
25	Southern Events
Late 2000
abolitionists and Republicans. Kelly J. O’Grady in Clear the Confederate Way: The Irish in the Army of Northern Virginia does the same for Irish Southerners. The book really covers a good deal more than just the ANVa and among other things shows how Irish allegiance to the Northern cause has been exaggerated.
There is a large literature about Yankee prejudice against everybody who was not WASP. Nancy Lusignan Schultz in Fire and Roses: the Burning of the Charleston Convent, 1834 tells the story of Massachusetts anti-Catholic rioting, encouraged and protected by the Yankee authorities.
I am displaying all these biographical details because hard facts about real people are useful to measure against the abstractions and the slanders against Southerners that are common currency in the usual retailing of United States history.
Confederates After the War
Let me introduce another category: Ex-Confederates who became postbellum leaders. Many, of course, held political offices, college and corporation presidencies, and the like. I want to illustrate first a particular type. Through the clever writings of the late C. Vann Woodward, it has been established as fact among academic historians that Southern leaders after the war were reactionary servants of Northern Big Business interests. This is convenient for leftists to believe, and some examples can be found, but as a generalization it is not true. (For establishment historians, of course, anything that Southerners do is evil: Southerners are more evil for collaborating with the evil system in power than are the Northern creators of it who had conquered them. That is, Northern sins are fobbed off on Southerners. This is the implicit assumption of academic historians.)
Southern Democrats after Reconstruction remained, by and large, much more Jeffersonian than Northerners, even Northern Democrats. It was Ben Tillman who wanted to take a pitchfork to Grover Cleveland for his monetary policy. The strongest anti-Big Business Populists came from the South. Tom Watson learned his politics from Alexander Stephens and Robert Toombs. Leonidas L. Polk, who died in 1892 shortly before being nominated by the Populist Party for President, had been sergeant-major of the 26th North Carolina Regiment, famous for its two charges at Gettysburg. "Alfalfa Bill" Murray, Populist governor of Oklahoma, was the son of a Confederate soldier.
Jim Hogg, noted populist governor of Texas, was the son of a Confederate general. Roger Mills, a Texan of the more "liberal" wing in Congress, had been a Confederate officer. Sam Jones, noted progressive
mayor of Toledo, Ohio, came from a Southern family. Ewing Cockrell, noted as an anti-big-business judge in Missouri, was the son of a Confederate general.
Harry Truman’s mother came from a staunchly Confederate Missouri family. When it became widely known that Truman’s mother refused to sleep in the Lincoln bedroom, leftists put out the story that it was because Lincoln was a Republican, that is, not a New Dealer. The fact was that she despised the leader of the Yankee invaders. Truman himself picked a well-known picture of Lee and Jackson for the entrance lobby of his presidential library.
John H. Reagan, Postmaster General of the Confederacy, was a pioneer member of the Interstate Commerce Commission. J. Allen Smith, a leading Progressive scholar, though he made his career at the University of Washington (state), came from a Missouri Confederate family. Representative Henry D. Clayton, Jr., of Alabama, author of the Clayton AntiTrust Act, was the son of a CSA general. Even one of the "anarchists" judiciously murdered by Chicago Republicans after the "Haymarket Riots" was a former Confederate soldier, Albert Parsons. A number of Southern progressive and populist leaders opposed US entry into World War I on anti-imperialist grounds, notably Claude Kitchin of North Carolina, a stand which took considerable courage.
Many Southerners succeeded in the north and west after the war: a chief justice of Washington State; O.P. Fitzgerald, founder of Methodism in California; John A. Wyeth, who rode with Forrest, president of the American Medical Association. These are just a few that readily occur to me. And it is interesting that all the supposedly Unionist border states, Maiyland, Kentucky, Missouri, and even West Virginia, readily elected ex-Confederates to high political office after the war, that is, as soon as the occupation forces were removed. H.L. Mencken wrote that his native Baltimore was less corrupt than other big cities because of the influence of honorable ex-Confederates.
Finally, let me mention a few more contributions of the Confederacy to American life. Sons of Confederate soldiers: D.W. Griffith, central figure in the creation of an American cinema; Will Rogers, beloved humorist; Archibald Gracie, Jr., who died heroically in the sinking of the Titanic;
William C. Gorgas, credited with controlling yellow fever; William G. McAdoo, Woodrow Wilson’s Secretary of the Treasury who almost received the Democratic presidential nomination in 1920;
Financier, Bernard Baruch, who delighted in showing to guests at his New York townhouse his father’s
26	Southern Events
Late 2000
Confederate uniform - it is said that the internationally famous Baruch would stand up and give a Rebel Yell whenever he heard "Dixie";
Generals Nathan Bedford Forrest, Jr., and Simon Bolivar Buckner, Jr., US Army, killed in action in World War II. Gen. George S. Patton, the fighting general of World War II, was the grandson of a Confederate officer killed in action.
Herbert Lehman, noted New Deal Senator from New York, was the son of an Alabama merchant who was sent by President Davis on a relief mission to Confederate prisoners. He was repulsed by General Grant. Adolph S. Ochs, founder of the New York Times, came from Chattanooga. Although his father was a "unionist," his mother was an active Confederate sympathizer who smuggled medicine across Yankee lines and had a Confederate flag on her coffin. And not least Helen Keller, granddaughter of a general of Arkansas state troops in the Confederacy.
Conclusion
The thrust of the concerted anti-Southern campaign which dominates our time, even being officially enforced by Southern public authorities, is to segregate the Confederacy off from American life as an inhuman Nazi-like thing based only on slavery. (This gains impetus, among other reasons, because of a totally dishonest linking of the domestic slavery of the Old South with modem totalitarianism. It was the Union invading forces who most resembled modem totalitarians in every way.) What is presented here is, it is hoped, something of an antidote. The suppression of Confederate symbols has no justification in history, even when promoted by alleged academic experts. It is not motivated by historical understanding. It resembles, rather, propaganda labels used by Communist and Nazi zealots to intimidate and control. (See the Hate Sessions in Orwell’s 1984.)
We really cannot blame Americans too much for holding on to their myths, even though they can only achieve pride by putting us down. If Americans had to take a look at the real Constitution, the real Declaration of Independence, the real Abraham Lincoln, the real war for Union and emancipation, which was neither noble nor necessary, their whole national morale would start to fall apart. That is why the anti-South people have been talking less about slavery lately and starting to dismiss the Confederacy with nasty and summary charges of "treason," as if the right to secede was not what the war was all about. What else have Americans got to sustain their society which has pretensions to world domination while disintegrating from within. The Melting Pot? - only a half-truth at best. Global
Democracy? - a pernicious abstraction.
Still, it is true that until a very few years ago, the Confederacy was an accepted and honored part of the American national heritage. The current jihad against our forebears indicates a radical forward step in the movement toward government suppression of free thought and expression.
Dr Clyde Wilson is professor of history at the University of South Carolina and editor of The Papers of John C. Calhoun. He is a director of the League of the South and one of the founding members.______
Tito Perdue - America’s Lost Literary Genius
by Jim Knipfel
When people ask me to list my favourite authors, I don’t offer up too many surprises-except when I mention Tito Perdue, whose name usually elicits little more than blank stares and puzzled shrugs. And that’s just wrong.
I read Perdue’s debut novel, Lee, when it was first published in 1991. Lee is a slim novel that tells the story of 70-year-old Lee Pefley, who, after many years, returns to the small Alabama town of his youth. There, he encounters the modem world-the new age, as he calls it-and Lee, a man who loves classical literature and despises mediocrity, doesn’t much like what he finds. It was a sentence on page nine that hooked me for good: “All his life he had wanted to identify what it was the masses most loathed, and then to see that they got it in spades.”
Perdue’s prose-and it’s the prose that matters-was at once simple and rich, supremely intelligent, full of rage but under complete control. It was also funny as hell.
In 1994, Perdue released his next two novels-77ze New Austerities (in which a younger Lee-a paranoid insomniac with a bad case of kleptomania-leaves a white-collar job in New York, takes a nightmarish journey down the East Coast and settles on an arid, broken-down farm), and Opportunities in Alabama Agriculture (which focuses on Lee’s grandfather, Ben-an idiot-savant who founds a postal system in a volcano-ravaged post-Civil War South). The writing had grown progressively textured and more savage-and I was thrilled to see that literature like this was still being written and more importantly, published.
After those three novels, however, there was silence. No more books came out, and Perdue himself seemed to have vanished. Maybe that’s the way he wanted it. I didn’t know. I didn’t even know if he was still alive.
27	Southern Events
When I found an address in Georgia that may or may not have been his, I wrote a letter.
A week later, I heard back. Mr. Perdue was, indeed, very much alive. Better still, he was writing. He’d always been writing, and had finished several manuscripts. However, he wrote, "my books have been failures from the financial point of view, and it’s not likely that any more of them will appear."
Perdue was born in Chile (to American parents) in 1938. When the war broke out, they returned to the States, and Perdue grew up in Anniston, AL. He married his wife Judy when he was 18 (they’re still together), earned degrees in English literature, European history and library science, then took work throughout the Midwest and Northeast as a bookkeeper, a library administrator and an apprentice insurance underwriter. In 1982, with his wife’s encouragement, he retired to write full-time. They returned to the South ("Where I belong," he says), and that’s what he’s been doing since.
He’s no fan of cities, Mr. Perdue-especially New York-yet this spring he and his wife were in Manhattan, in part to catch a performance of his favorite opera, Parsifal. We met for the very first time for drinks a few hours before the curtain went up.
In his mid-60s, Perdue is a tall, slim, well-dressed man, with owlish glasses, hair going gray at the temples and a powerful handshake. It’s hard to detect the accent immediately, but once you catch it, he sounds like Faulkner-had Faulkner spent too much time up North. We sat at the bar, and he ordered a strawberry daiquiri.
"I drink these sweet drinks," he explained, "because I can’t stand the taste of liquors."
What was mostly on his mind that afternoon was the massive new novel he was working on-which might well, he believes, stretch to 2000 pages or more. The source material comes from a cache of old family papers he discovered about a year ago while cleaning out his mother’s house. All his novels to date, he told me, have been very autobiographical. He figured it was time to write about someone else.
"When I was growing up, I always underrated my father, seriously. Underrated him as a human being. Then I came across these family papers that made me reconsider what kind of a person he was-and also other members of my family. So I owe this to my forebears. I’ve become kind of an ancestor-worshipper in my old age. And I’m going to do them justice in this big book. It’s gonna have about 20 or 30 major protagonists. A big array of characters-including my grandfather, and uncles, grand-uncles and cousins."
The very first thing Perdue came across in this bundle of papers, remarkably enough, was an account written
Late 2000
by his grandfather of a public hanging in 1888.
"They were executing a black man that he happened to know," he said. "He was supposed to stand there and watch them hang one of his dearest friends—but he couldn’t watch that, so he left, and he didn’t actually witness the execution. It wasn’t a lynching," Perdue clarified. "The guy had been convicted of a murder, and this was simply a public hanging, which was common in those days.
"My grandfather was a tough old bird," he continued. "My father grew up in the most severe way imaginable. He was expected to work continuously. Never had any amusements. Grandfather was a puritan. He had four boys, and would discipline them in the harshest way. He used to use a buggy whip on them. Yet they all grew up, if not loving the old man, at least respecting him.
"As I write about him, I’m trying to show this callous nature of his on the one hand, and on the other hand, this great entrepreneurial strength that he had. He came from nowhere, had nothing, came from the poorest layers of society. He set up a timber company, had a saw mill, a brick mill, had a farm, raised all these children in the biggest house in town-he did this out of sheer strength of will-and he did it honestly.
"My father told me one time that the Ku Klux Klan came to [the grandfather’s] house and wanted him to take part in some mischief they had in mind. He said, “Just a minute, boys,” went and got his shotgun, and said, “Now this is the only thing I’ve got to say to you.” He had the guts to buck the Klan in those days. That took a lot of moxie, and he had it."
The 2nd piece of paper he came across in the family files detailed a duel his great-uncle got roped into.
"He was a very sensitive, high-strung man. He went to an opera in Montgomery one day. There was a lady in front of him who had some sort of a fancy hat on, and she wouldn’t take it off-so he couldn’t see the opera. He tapped on her shoulder and said, “Pardon me, lady, but would you remove your hat?” The man with her turned around and slapped him right across the face, because he thought that his girlfriend had been insulted. That was an invitation to a duel. So they went outside-and my great-uncle did not have a pistol, so somebody ran to the nearest house and borrowed one. He didn’t know how to shoot, but he was not backing down. They had their duel right out there in front of the opera house, and my great-uncle shot the man right the smack home"-he pointed between his eyes-"and killed him dead as anything. Went back in and watched the rest of the opera."
He laughed, then told me that this same great-uncle later died of a broken heart after the second, and last, of his sons died.
r
28 Southern Events
"These are the kind of people that I have got to write about. I can't let that be forgotten."
Perdue told me that, apart from the big book, he had eight or nine finished manuscripts sitting in his closet at home. The only one I’d heard of was something called Morning Crafts-about Lee’s adolescence-so I asked what a few of the others were like.
"In the last pages of Lee, he dies," he reminded me. "I have a book that takes up at that very moment, and pushes him through a purgatory-like place, where he’s looking for his lost wife. It goes on for about 300 pages, one torment after another. It’s like Dante’s Infemo-it’s just one hideous experience after another."
Perdue, an unapologetically proud Southerner, also told me of another novel, in which a new Civil War takes place, fought with traditional weaponry-but this time, the South wins. For Perdue, it’s not just fantasy.
"I’m a member of the League of the South-which is even more reactionary than the Sons of Confederate Veterans," he explained. "This group wants to secede, right now-to set up a new Southern Nation... We’ve got thousands of members-doctors and lawyers, ministers and engineers-people come flooding in, knocking on the door to join."
Recently, the League was labelled a "hate group" by Morris Dees’ Southern Poverty Law Center-a label Perdue vehemently denies.
"We solicit members of all races-we’re not racist in any shape or form. We are very conservative, that’s all-so they label us a ‘hate group.’"
The SPLC does have the League right there at the top of its list. There’s not much explanation why, though—beyond calling them a "neo-Confederate" group.
Perdue says the Law Center is "just a fundraising deal. They’re just raising money for the sake of raising money. They live like millionaires...and they don’t do anything-just go around labelling people. That’s all they do-and they’re highly successful at it... What’s funny is, when they labelled us a hate group, our membership doubled within a couple of days-people were so furious. They even called the Daughters of the Confederacy a hate group! These are a bunch of genteel middle-aged ladies with purple hair. They have no hatred there."
The League, he counters, is comprised of the most honorable, intelligent and fascinating group of people he’s ever known-people of unimpeachable character-despite what Dees has to say.
"I went to the first meeting, not knowing what to expect-I thought it was gonna be a real rowdy bunch of people. I was wrong. These are gentlemanly people. We have black members, Jewish members-there’s nothing racist about it at all."
Late 2000
He makes no bones, however, about the fact that they are very conservative-and they still fly the Confederate flag proudly. Ironically, until about 10 years ago. Perdue said, he was a staunch liberal.
"Then something snapped in me. I think it was during those Clarence Thomas hearings. The feminists were whining and complaining-I just had my fill of it. You begin to realize that they don’t give a damn about persecuted people. They want power! They use these injustices-and, obviously, there are injustices in the world, but they don’t care about them-to them it’s just a leverage, by which they can hoist themselves into positions of influence. And the more they get hoisted, the higher they rise, the more bitterly they complain... They all want to be victims. It pays to be a victim in this country. If you can claim victim status, they’ll start throwing money at you-and praise and worship.
"We’re going to organise a victim group of Confederate Americans," he added, "and we’re going to demand reparations. After all, look at what Sherman did to us-he butchered us by the tens of thousands, he burned all of our buildings. We still haven’t recovered."
It’s all a symptom, he says, of identity politics—the fact that if you’re not part of a group these days, you’re nothing. The individual doesn’t seem to matter anymore. "All these ideologies," he said, "it’s just schematics. But life is not schematic. Life is fluid and ambiguous."
Which, strangely enough, brought us back to writing-and what he believes constitutes good writing.
"I was talking to [John Gardner] one time, and he said, “Tito, the function of good prose is to make you forget that you are reading, so that you’re conscious only of what’s happening.” I don’t believe that’s right. When you read the Old Testament, you are very conscious of the prose-in fact the prose is the main thing. I don’t believe that prose should be translucent. I don’t believe that plot is all that matters. I believe that language matters greatly. Would Gardner say that language doesn’t matter in poetry? What I despise about contemporary literature is that the prose has no character. It’s like a glass of water-it’s not bad, but it’s not memorable. There are no phrases that you remember. It has no comers or colours or shape to it. It’s amorphous. But it does the job. It tells the story. But I don’t care about the story. My books have very little plot. I don’t even like plot."
In fact, a reliance on plot simply annoys him. "Life doesn’t have a plot." Prose, he explains, is a much more difficult-and much more valuable-craft. Problem these days is that publishers don’t always agree. I asked Perdue about this-and about his own take on being ignored by the industry.________________________
29 Southern Events
"If you’re a celebrity, you can easily find a ghostwriter and get your book published, make a lot of money. You may not be able to frame a proper English sentence, but you’ll still have the notoriety. Judy’s father was a novelist who wrote 20 novels in his lifetime-published two of them. Worked his ass off at a factory job for 40 years. Put in his 40-hour weeks those years, came home at night dog-tired, wrote his novels, got the first two published and then nothing for the rest of his life. He paid all the dues, made all the sacrifices." It sounded too familiar.
"I have one advantage-I witnessed what happened to my father-in-law, so I was prepared for this, I was hardened to it. I never really expected anything, and I don’t require it. My self-esteem does not depend on it,
1 am happy without it. I do have this compunction-this imperative-to write the damn things. And I’ll rewrite them until I get them the way I want them. But if they’re not published?... I don’t suffer over it. I used to, I admit, when I was younger. It used to grieve me greatly that I couldn’t get published. But I’ve published enough to know that being published is not an apotheosis."
Meanwhile, those first three novels are still available.
I went back to them recently, and they’re even more brilliant than I remembered. And Perdue is still writing-and for that I’m very happy.
There’s a scene in Lee, where the protagonist, wielding a massive walking stick, bludgeons an insufferable youngster quite nearly to death. Each blow, Lee tells us, was made "on behalf of some great man the new age has ignored."
Mr Jim Knipfel is a writer for the New York Press, where this story originally appeared.
Movie Review - Oh Brother (Cont. from p. 11)
In a loose and and sometimes bizarre adaptation of Homer’s The Odyssey, the three encounter weird characters and romp through unexpected situations as they narrowly evade a diabolical marshal following close on their heels. Along the way, they inadvertently and unknowingly become stars in the budding country music industry.
The film is the latest offering of Joel and Ethan Coen, fraternal filmmakers who produce, write and direct some of the weirdest and wackiest movies in film history.
My sister saw the movie several months when I had not seen it, and she told me about her impressions. She had been captivated by the music but was somewhat ambivalent about the characters. They were Southern caricatures, but there was something about their portrayal that wasn't quite right, even for comical stereotypes. "Where are the Coen brothers from, do you
Late 2000
know?" 1 asked. "If they aren't from Dixie and don't know us, maybe their perception of Southerners is already stereotypical. So maybe what this movie does is to portray stereotypes of stereotypes."
The Coen brothers, it turns out, aren't just yankees, but yankees who grew up near Minneapolis, one of the bluest of the upper midwestern Blue Zones. But after seeing O Brother myself. I've decided it hardly matters whether the Coens have an accurate impression of Southemers-at least, as far as this film is concerned— because the characters aren't just caricatures, they're cartoons, and realism just isn't a huge component in cartoons.
But Everett, Pete, Delmar and the rest aren't just cartoon characters — they live in a cartoon-world of only slightly less nonsense than Alice's wonderland. That's why the adventurers can fall off a moving train without being hurt. That's why problems developing between the characters can be solved by a simple interruption. That's why, in a small town in Depression-era Mississippi, at night no less, the Soggy Bottom Boys manage to locate some fake mountain-man beards to disguise themselves and crash an invitation-only political shindig.
It's like Bugs Bunny disappearing off-screen for half a second and returning with a barrel of nails, gallons of glue and a stick of dynamite. You don't ask how and where he got them so quickly — you just watch to see what's going to happen next, because you know it's gonna be good.
So it is with O Brother. One movie reviewer noted that the Coen brothers are supremely unconcerned with realism in their movies. Maybe that’s why the swipes this movie takes at religion and what's left of the Empire's social and cultural norms aren't too hard to swallow --they're no more real than anything else about the film.
And the elements of the film that are good are very good. One of those elements is the music. In fact, the soundtrack has been dubbed the "real star" of the movie. The jacket of the soundtrack CD explains that the music was chosen by the producers and their musicman, T Bone Burnett, "before a single frame of film was shot."
"The reason for our using so much of the era's music in the move was simple," explains Ethan Coen. "We have always liked it. The mountain music, the delta blues, gospel, the chain-gang chants, would later evolve into bluegrass, commercial country music and rock 'n'roll. But it is compelling in its own right, harking back to a time when music was a part of everyday life and not something performed by celebrities."
Themes that cycle repeatedly in the film's 19 tunes are death, faith and the afterlife. Like the characters, the music is a caricature. But again, there seems to be a

30 Southern Events	„	Late	2000
disconnect between the portrayal of the music and the reality of "old time" Southern music that caricaturing doesn't wholly account for.
Perhaps it results from lack of understanding on the part of the filmmakers and performers about why those themes recur in Southern music. Death and faith, God and eternity - these may seem odd and out-of-place in a film of comedic nonsense. But they are fundamental components of the Southerner's cultural inheritance, created by grinding poverty that had the South in its grip for decades, by people's deep reliance on the Almighty, by their hope of a glorious life hereafter. These and similar factors shaped the themes found in Southern music, literature and poetry, and artistic endeavors, for several generations. You can hardly have old-time Southern music without them.
Still, it's something non-Southerners today probably can't be expected to know, particularly when recent generations of Southerners, raised in peace, prosperity and indoctrination, are themselves woefully ignorant of their cultural inheritance and the factors behind it.
If the reasons for these musical themes are obscured in O Brother, the power in the music itself is not. Its Southern roots come through loud and clear. Compared to assembly-line rock or assembly-line country or electronic new age noise, the "Southern vernacular" music of O Brother, Where Art Thou — parody though it may be - still carries traces of a genuineness that speaks to the Southern heart.
Ms Connie Chastain Ward is the editor of an excellent e-zine: 180 Degrees True South. Check it out at http://hammer.prohosting, com/-cwarcUindex, html
The Scheme to Rewrite the Alabama Constitution
There is a push to rewrite Alabama’s Constitution, written in 1901, because the current one, say critics, is cumbersome, holds the state back in economic growth, and is a “segregationist document.”
It bans increases of tax (property or income) without a vote of the people; requires a balanced budget; prohibits deficit spending; requires a jury of 12 (instead of 6) with unanimous (instead of majority) verdicts; enforces the right to bear arms; bans most gambling.
The legislature wanting to rewrite it is dominated by those who would remove all these provisions. The document is thousands of pages long because of the way amendments pertaining to perhaps only one county have to be added. But it could be streamlined without dumping it for a new one written by a coalition of gambling interests, incompetents, and leftists. Alert your friends in Alabama to this danger.______________
Subscribe to
The Edgefield Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC. 29824
An independent newspaper believing in the cause of constitutional government. Send $12.00 for one year, and $24.00 for 2 years.
clip & mail
Name_________________________
Address	_____________
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Satellite Systems - Computers Camcorders - VCRs - TVs 1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim	Hamner	since 1982
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
“Truth is error’s best antagonist!”
When In The Course Of Human Events: Arguing The Case for Southern Secession, by C. Adams, 257 pp..........................$24.95
Jefferson Davis: Unconquerable Heart, by F. Allen, 809 pp.................................................................$34.95
The Real Lincoln, From The Testimony Of His Northern Contemporaries, by C.L.C. Minor 273 pp.
(Author first president of VPI did his homework well.) Reprint of 1904 edition..........................................$16.00
The Life And Character Of A. Lincoln: Monster Or Messiah, by Honorable George L. Christian, pb, 50 pp......................$4.00
Leonidas Polk: Bishop And General, by his son William M. Polk. Two volumes in one, a first class reprint with three
colored foldout maps, ribbon marker, fully indexed and photos, 613 pp...................................................$55.00
The Creed Of The Old South 1885-1915, by Basil L. Glidersleeve. 126 pp. Reprint of 1915 edition, author America’s
greatest classical scholar and a Confederate soldier....................................................................$20.00
The Flags Of Civil War Alabama, by Glenn Dedmondt, 160 pp. pb, 105 color illustrations, 14 color photographs..............$19.95
The Southern Nation: The New Rise Of The Old South, by R. Gordon Thornton, 256 pp.........................................$19.95
Our Father’s Fields: A Southern Story, by J. E. Kibler, 444 pp............................................................$29.95
America’s Caesar: The Decline And Fall Of Republican Government In The United States of America, by Greg Loren Durand.
Forward by Dr. J. Michael Hill. Pb, 8.5x11 pages, 542 pp................................................................$28.00
“Co. Aytch”: A Side Show Of The Big Show, by Sam R. Watkins, Private	CSA.	Deluxe edition, photos, dust cover, 231 pp..$25.00
The Gallant Pelham, by Philip Mercer. 189 pp. Extra nice edition..........................................................$25.00
P & H $2.50, First Volume, $1.50 thereafter Personal Checks Welcome, No Credit Cards.
Dr. C. E. Baker
652 Sixteenth Avenue, N.W. Birmingham, Alabama 35215 (205) 854-2690 (205) 853-0967
It	FOR	SALE
» Dixie Wii Chewy SpooDS
Southern cherrywood, Southern carved, Southern tastin'
3" Bowl x 9"-10" Handle .............$5.00
3" Bowl x 11 "-14" Handle...........$6.00
2“ Bowl x 9“-10" Zig zag Handle....$5.00
2" Bowl x 10"-12" Wavy Handle....$5.00
2" Bowl x 6" Handle (Reenactors)
Victual Spoon.....................$5.00
Spoons finished with food safe carnauba wax
Contact Craftsman & Supplier
754 Greene, 715 Road Parapld, Arkansas 72450
870-239-5569 e-mail gayle@gmco.net
Jimmy Jetton