The Love Song of Zig Zag Zell, or Whither Thou, Yellow Dog?
by Randall Ivey
The nature of the following piece will, admittedly, be slightly
schizophrenic. Ostensibly it is a consideration of the facile 'memoir' and 'manifesto' of the outgoing senior Democratic US Senator from Georgia. A National Part}' No More The Conscience of a Conservative Democrat (echoed in part in his rant to the Republican convention). Yet it is also, and perhaps more so. a rejoinder to Dr Joseph Scotchie's fine recent piece ('Southerners First: Dixie Democrats Revisited') in Southern Events on the demise of Dixie Democrats - real Dixie Democrats, that is, as opposed to the 'New South' variety. (Cont. page 20)
More On ’Scapegoating1
Olaf Childress and Tyrone Crowley reply to this essay (published in the last Southern Events). The essay’s author responds, (pages 14-15)
And James Butler on ’Nation of Bedlam: Scapegoating Whites!' (p. 23)
Libertarianism Vindicated:
A Reply to 'The Connection Between Marxism & Libertarianism'
Daniel Bouden replies to this article from the last issue & its author responds, (pp. 4. 10)
Free Bird
bv James Butler
Becoming a Southern nationalist liberates you from a lot of routine, annoying and mostly meaningless 'news.' The daily headlines serve to some extent to keep one informed of 'world events.' but once you start seeing things from the Confederate perspective, you can ignore the junk and concentrate on what's meaningful.
For example, not long ago. the news was full of some something called Gorelick. After some weeks of glancing at headlines I finally surmised that Gorelick was a female assigned to the feds'911 Commission, (cont. p. 12)
Southern Events
. 2lM>4 All rights reserved.Southern	is
quarterly. Articles may be reproduced IN ENTIRELY ONLN and credit must be given to the author AND Southern Events, stating: ‘Subscriptions S16 yearly, PO Box 2517, Selma, AL36702/ Opinions herein are those of the author, and publication does not equal endorsement If you submit an essay for publication, first serial rights must be given to Southern Events. It must be on PC format diskette, or emailed. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography for cultural distinctiveness.
Editor Nat G Rudulph
Email: southemevents o;postmark.net
The League of the South will hold its 2004 Annual Conference in Montgomery. Alabama, on 15-16 October. Call 800.888.3163 for the details.
The Grey Book, another League project, a long-awaited compilation of strategy and wisdom on reclaiming Dixie, is available from the League of the South office.
Believe it or Not, Lincoln Lovers are proposing a 305-foot statue of the war criminal. The statue would be the centerpiece of a Lincoln ‘amusement park.’ Residents of Lincoln, IL are trying to raise $40 million to build the monument, which would be visible for 20 miles. The work would be modeled on a painting of Lincoln ‘christening' the town with watermelon juice in 1853. Some town folks take the project as a joke.
Jefferson Davis’ Last Home, Beauvoir, in Biloxi, Nearly Burned in an attempted arson in June. David LeMasters, a fireman on his way to work noticed the smoke and helped put the fire out. He said ‘five more minutes and it would have been a heap of rubble/
Ten Commandments Up. In July Ray McBerry, owner of www.dixieradio.com and the Georgia State Chairman of the League of the South, presented the Henry County Board of Commissioners with a copy of the Ten Commandments to display in the Courthouse in McDonough The Commissioners voted to display them, causing Henry County to join other counties around the South in an act of civil disobedience.
Ten Commandments Down. Federal judges ruled in July that a Ten Commandments poster in a Richland County, Ohio courtroom violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment. The Commandments being part of a display of ‘historical documents' held no weight with the court. Another federal court, using the same ‘wall of separation' argument, ruled that the Town Council of Great Falls, SC, cannot mention Jesus Christ in its opening prayers. A Wiccan priestess won her suit.
Bush Gets it Right. On quelling Iraqi insurgents. ‘I wouldn't be happy if I were occupied either.'
Bushy Reconstruction Bush says he wants to ‘change the world for the better’ and his administration proposed that developed countries pay to train 100,000 teachers in the Middle East. The teacher idea is based on such notions as this Clintonesque offering from Condoleezza Rice, the problem in the Middle East is ‘lack of hope.’
Muslim Michigan. The city council of Hamtramck, Michigan voted unanimously to allow the Bangladeshi al-Islah mosque to broadcast Moslem prayer calls over a loudspeaker, five times a day. The vote was made despite ‘some residents’ objections.’ Moslems say the prayer calls are equivalent to church bells. Meanwhile, the city of Dearborn is considering whether to close down on Moslem holidays, in addition to traditional Christian celebrations. ‘It is time for people of the Muslim faith to feel equally important,’ said a Moslem activist.
Gangs of Richmond. Richmond is experiencing the colourful mosaic of American cultural diversity. The Richmond, Virginia police chief recently announced that he suspects there are as many as 50 gangs active in the former Confederate capitol. The feds are offering help in the form of a 2.5 million grant from the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention. According to the Virginia Attorney General, ultra-violent Hispanic gangs, as well as ‘home grown’ gangs, are proliferating up and down the Shenandoah Valley. Somewhere, Sheridan is smiling.
The True Story About the 1965 Selma-Montgomery March now available in two reprints: ‘The True Selma Story: Sex and Civil Rights’, and ‘Night Riders: The Inside Story of the Liuzzo Killing’. Both for $12 to Pat Godwin, 10800 Dallas Co. Rd. 30, Selma, AL 36701
Gruesome Civil Right. Abortionists at a partial birth abortion suit in New York testified that sometimes the babies do not die even after pulling off their arms or legs. Even so, they avoided the question of whether the baby feels pain. They refer to sucking the brains out of a partially delivered baby ‘decompressing the skull,’ thus avoiding using graphic terms in front of the mother. One abortionist testified that partial birth abortions are needed because the procedure allows the parent(s) to provide the baby with a proper burial. Abortion supporters are challenging the recent federal ban on partial birth abortion, which has not been enforced due to the court challenges.
NAACP Supports Abortion. In February 2004 the NAACP board of directors voted to take a ‘pro choice' I stance on abortion. It was the first time the group has I taken a position on the subject. The NAACP supports I abortion despite the fact that over one third of the 44
3 St ntihorn h von Is
Vol. 9 0 ATo.
million babies killed since the 1973 Roc vs. Wade decision arc black Abortion kills more blacks than all other causes of death .combined, N AACP chairman Julian Bond called abortion 'an issue of equal rights.'
Legal Marriage Between Black and White was practically non-existent before 1860 in the US. Between 1870 and 1900 it rose steadily, peaked and then began to decline until 1940. After WWII black-white intermarriage increased again. Per 100 white-white marriages, the number of black-white marriages was at 0.3% in 1980, 0.4% in 1990 and 0.7% in 2002.
Meanwhile, Back in Africa, women in liberated South Africa are raping men, often at gunpoint, in an attempt to infect them with AIDS. The rapes are done in revenge for men having infected so many women. Police inspector Umgau Geelbooi Hadebe stated that reverse rape 'is becoming quite common.' Ten percent of the South African population, about 5 million people, has AIDS.
Muslim-on-Black Genocide in the Sudan is finally getting attention. Congress is urged the Bush administration to 'seriously consider multilateral or even unilateral intervention to prevent genocide should the United Nations Security Council fail to act.'
UN & NATO ’Peacekeepers' Barter for Sex. Amnesty International says the peacekeepers' are participating (as customers and traffickers) in the sex slave trade in Kosovo. UN peacekeepers have been recenth charged with forcing children in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone to trade sex for humanitarian aid.
The World Court Orders US to Stop Executions in a recent ruling which says the convictions of 47 Mexican citizens on death row in America must be reviewed. The suit was brought by the Mexican government (which, by the way, refuses to extradite murder suspects to the US). The World Court says its decisions are binding and 'without’ appeal.' Its current presiding judge is Chinese. In May, the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals cited the World Court decision, and granted an indefinite stay of one of the Mexicans' execution, stating that his conviction may have violated international law.
Christianity Rejected.The European Union has rejected the idea that the EU constitution recognise 'the Christian roots of Europe.' Strangely enough, it was the Irish prime minister whose no-vote killed the idea. The document will most likely refer to the 'cultural, religious and humanist' traditions of Europe.
Compulsory IDs in Britain. Prime Minister Tony Blair is considering speeding up the introduction of compulsory identification cards for citizens of the UK. The new emphasis on ID cards came after the arrest of eight ‘Britons' of Middle Eastern descent on terror
charges. Blair said that 'practical issues' outweigh concern for civil liberties in a 'vast majority of quarters.'
Jailed for Speech. A teacher in France was sentenced to 2 years in prison for producing a film minimizing the role of the Nazi SS in an alleged World War II massacre. Vincent Reynouard had already been convicted in 1991 for distributing literature that questioned the scale of the Jewish Holocaust. Questioning the Holocaust in Many European countries (and Canada) is against the Law.
Brigette Bardot Fined for ‘Inciting Racial Hatred' (for the fourth time). Her recent book denounces the ‘Islamization of France' and targets other protected groups such as 'gays' and immigrants.
The Montana Human Rights Network, which purports to monitor 'right wing groups,' is concerned that the attention being given to foreign terrorists is providing 'anti-government' militia groups time to reorganise. The ADL concurs. The head of the Network says that the current focus of homeland security is 'protecting our borders,’ while 'the right-wingers are much closer to home. And they are still here.'
Jesse Jackson Says Republicans Push ‘Ideology of the Confederacy in a June speech at the Rainbow/ PUSH conference in Chicago. He said Republicans and other 'conservatives' are challenging 'the idea of the union.' Using language straight from the Bill Clinton handbook, Jackson said America is supposed to work 'towards a more perfect union,’ adding that Wal Mart is part of the 'right-wing Confederate movement.'
Been smoking good stuff, Jesse?
The Supreme Court Stops Short, refusing to rule on whether 'under God' in the Pledge of Allegiance is 'unconstitutional.’Via a technicality, the Supremes spiked a lower court ruling that the phrase violates the 'wall of separation between church and state.' More than one columnist has wondered if the ruling was as much political as legal. A director of the ADL (w ho supported the suit) said, it was 'a good case at the wrong time.'
Suicide Diversity. The US Department of Homeland Security is considering reinstating one of its top political appointees. The DHS somehow managed to discover that its director of policy for intelligence, one Faisal Gill, failed to note on a security clearance form that he had been a spokesman for the American Muslim Council. The AMC's director, Abdurahman Alamoudi has been indicted on passport fraud and shady financial dealings with Libya. Alamoudi is also a supporter of Hamas, which the US supposedly considers a terrorist organisation No word yet on whether Gill will be allowed to say that 'mistakes were made' and welcomed back to that crack Homeland Security team.
Libertarianism Vindicated: A Reply to fcThe Connection Between Marxism and Libertarianism'
by Daniel V. Bowden
In the first issue of Southern Events of 2004 (Vol. 9, No 11 George Tomezsko of Pennsylvania authored an article entitled ’The Connection Between Marxism and Libertarianism.' in which he compared and criticised the two philosophies. Unfortunately, Mr Tomezsko presented a w ildly inaccurate portrayal of libertarianism1, bearing little resemblance to the actual philosophy. I would like to set the record straight. First. I will recount the assertions Mr Tomezsko made regarding libertarianism, and then 1 will explain why, in every case, his description of libertarian beliefs is off the mark.
Mr Tome/sko s article is riddled with examples of the straw man fallacy, where the arguer accuses his opponents of holding certain easily-criticised positions, when m fact the opponent does not hold such positions at all I question whether Mr Tomezsko has actually read any libertarian literature, since the positions he ascribes to libertarianism bear little resemblance to either present-day libertarianism or to classical-liberalism, its intellectual ancestor. Mr Tomezsko's central premise that Marxism and libertarianism share many central ideas or premises is a claim I find laughable.
In a point-by-point fashion. I will list the main criticisms which Mr Tomezsko made against libertarianism, and rebut them. Note that he made essentially all the same criticisms against Marxism. 1 have no comment on the validity of his criticisms in regard to Marxism—I am dealing strictly with his arguments against libertarianism. However, I will note that it is difficult to determine whether his criticisms against Marxism arc valid or not, since he gave no references to substantiate his claims about what Marxist doctrine contains No references to libertarian works were provided either, but I am thoroughly familiar with all principal doctrines and ideas of libertarianism, so 1 was able to address those comments Among the claims made in the article were the following
1.	Liber tori cm ism is based on the denial of anv objective standards of moral right and wrong.
Libertarians can be roughly divided into two varieties-those who are utilitarians, and those whose libertarianism is grounded in Natural Law. These categories are not unique to libertarians. Utilitarians and Natural Lawyers exist among the members of many other groups. My understanding of utilitarianism leads me to believe that Tomezsko's claim might be valid as to utilitarians, but it is certainly invalid as to the natural law libertarians, of whom I am one.
The core bejief of libertarianism, the principle from which all others may be derived, is the non-aggression axiom. Simply put, it says that no person has the right to initiate force against another. This is because you do not own other people. You do not have the right to use force to control them and make them do your will, and they likewise have no right to control you. This principle flows from the right of self-ownership each person has over their own body. No other person may own your body, and you may not own another person. Anyone familiar with basic concepts of property will recognise that you have a right to use and control your property, but other people do not. Hence, the non-aggression principle. You may defend yourself against aggression, but you never have the right to initiate it.
Anyone who has spent any time discussing issues with a libertarian will surely find out that the libertarian believes quite a few actions of government violate objective standards of moral right and wrong. I believe that individuals have natural rights, inherent in their very7 nature, that cannot rightfully be abridged or violated by government. Any infringement on an individual's natural rights is objectively wrong. It is wrong at all times and in all places, regardless of circumstances or differences in customs, traditions, or political forms. For those interested in exploring the superb natural law libertarian tradition, I refer you to the works of Lysander Spooner and Murray Rothbard, particularly Spooner's essay 'Natural Law,' and Rothbards book The Ethics of Liberty1.
2.	Libertarianism assumes that human happiness and pleasure-seeking are equivalent, or that there is no difference between the two. In other w ords, libertarians are hedonists, and seek pleasure as the highest good and goal in life. Also, since libertarianism does not provide the answer to the meaning of life, any society built on libertarian principle would be marked with widespread mental depression, anxiety, ana despair.
Though some libertarians may be hedonists, hedonism has nothing to do with libertarianism per se Libertarianism is not a religious or life philosophy It is a
iSouthern Invents
Vol. 9 0 JVo.
political philosophy.
Lord Acton2 said, ’Libert}7 is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end. It is not for the sake of a good public administration that it is required, but for the security in the pursuit of the highest objects of civil society, and of private life.’
Acton understood that it was not the purpose of political philosophy to tell the individual the 'meaning of life.’ Political philosophy is merely concerned with determining the best way for men to live together in this world. No political system can provide ’happiness. Recall that the Declaration of Independence stated some of man s rights as ’life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.' Happiness is something that each individual must seek for himself. The best way to promote individual happiness is to ensure the maximum possible freedom of each individual to seek happiness which is consistent with the rights of others.
Libertarianism tells people nothing about what their life goals should be. It is not concerned with spiritual or religious matters. It is concerned only with explaining the reality of human interaction in this world. Economics similarly deals with the concept of the best way to provide people with goods and serv ices in a world where scarcity exists. It has no application to a world of abundance. Libertarianism is not anti-religious, any more than economics and physics are anti-religious. These areas of thought are devoted to explaining phenomena in this world, and do not presume to deal with questions outside that realm.
Despite not revealing to us ’the meaning of life,’ a libertarian society that leads to greater abundance, prosperity, and a higher standard of living for all people seems far less likely to produce widespread depression, anxiety, and despair than our current society, never mind a Marxist one.
3.	Libertarianism has no notion of man as a speciesbeing.
I assume this criticism is a variety of the claim that libertarianism suffers from ’atomistic individualism,’ i.e., that it focuses on individuals too heavily and is an impractical philosophy for an entire society. This is untrue. As I explained above, libertarianism is a political philosophy whose sole goal is to explain how men can best live together and enjoy both freedom and the benefits of society (such as the division of labour). Robinson Crusoe alone on his island has no need of political philosophy, as he interacts with no one. Being alone, his rights cannot conflict with those of anyone else. But
Tomezsko Responds (p. 11)1 I’ll take you all on in a knock-down, bare knuckle intellectual contest with one pen tied behind my back.’
as soon as Friday shows up, there will be a need for some sort of philosophy or set of principles to define each person's rights, or conflict will result. Libertarianism is the most conflict-minimising philosophy I know.
4.	Libertarians believe that all human beings are equal, waving no significant differences in talent, ability, or 'bodily characteristics.
I have never known any libertarian to espouse such a view. Many expressly deny this very' idea. Libertarians recognise that individuals differ widely, and that inequality is a part of human nature. See ’Egalitarianism and the Elites,’ by Murray Rothbard.3 Libertarians believe that people have equal rights, not equal physical and mental characteristics.
Tomezsko himself seems to be labouring under a Marxist fallacy when he writes that a libertarian society would fail ’because inequalities of talent and ability7 would cause some to acquire more at the expense of every one else, meaning that the next generation of libertarians would start out on the road to acquisition on an unequal footing, effectively ending the system and creating the very same widespread economic misery that produced the Marxist and socialist movements.’ Of course, in a free market, people do not gain ’at the expense of every one else’— the gains from trade are mutually beneficial. Franz Oppenheimer pointed out in The State that there are two ways of acquiring wealth: the economic means and the political means. The ’economic means' describes the production and voluntary exchange of goods and services, i.e. the free market. This is how individuals and private businesses operate. The 'political means' describes the use of force to take property involuntarily from others. Oppenheimer defined 'the state' as 'the organisation of the political means.' Governments and criminals operate via the political means.
5.	Libertarians believe that there is no fixed human nature that remains constant over time. Human nature is flexible and can be reshaped by social political and economic forces.
As I stated before, proponents of natural law’ believe in fixed and unchanging principles which are part of the reality of nature and the world. Human nature is among these principles. Libertarianism is not a philosophy designed for some New Libertarian Man who will replace the selfish, flawed humans we know. Libertarianism is a philosophy that takes into account man's flaws and weaknesses, and advocates institutions such as the free market which elicit peace and mutual cooperation rather than conflict. (Continued on page 10)
6 Southern I: vents
Vol. 9 0 Aro. 2
Joe Scotchie
+++
Agrarian Valhalla:
The Vanderbilt Twelve & Beyond
Whenever the subject is Nashville,
Tennessee, most people immediately think of country music. As do I. When our family would vacation there; we'd stay at a Hampton Inn, close to Vanderbilt University. During one vacation, we didn't have anywhere in particular to go. Eventually, I thought: Vanderbilt is next door. The Richard Weaver papers are there at the Jean and Alexander Heard library. (I had been finishing up a book on Weaver at the time). Why don't you get up and go?
So we went, parking next to a fast food joint. It was August and few students were on campus. The Jean and Alexander Heard room is an Agrarian Valhalla. One is greeted by a handsome portrait of Allen Tate, busts of Andrew Lytle and Donald Davidson, copies of recent books on the Agrarians, plus the famous 1956 reunion photograph of the Fugitive poets and their fellow travelers taken while the Vanderbilt swallowed hard and allowed their distinguished alumni back on campus for a three-day symposium sponsored by the Rockefeller Foundation. After all, it was the Fugitive/Agrarians who had made Vanderbilt famous the world over.
Then there are the books and manuscripts. The Fugitives started publishing their own verse in the 1920s, and all the original editions of publications by all the major figures, including the novelist Caroline Gordon, are listed in chronological order. The papers of, among others, Davidson, Tate, Warren, and Weaver are on file. Among the bound manuscripts are Warren’s All The Kings Men and Weaver’s The Southern Tradition at Bay. Southern fiction and scholarship at its very best. I glanced through the letter collections of Tate and Davidson and Weaver. One could, of course, spend years and years in this modest study.
Why the Agrarians? What started in Nashville in the 1920s, nt the home of a local patron of the arts, a Saturday-night poetry reading and criticism session
4
I
attended by Ransom and select students, flowered into the most significant American literary and intellectual movement of the twentieth century'. It reverberates with us still. A thousand flowers, to borrow a phrase from a Chinese guerilla fighter, did bloom forth and into various unique and creative directions at that. The Fugitives, inspired by such worthies as T.S. Eliot, Joseph Conrad, and Thomas Hardy, single-handedly took Southern literature out of a moldering
3f.
romantic age and into a more hard-edged realistic, modernist mode. Then came the Scopes Monkey Trial and the global condemnation of the South’s “backward” fundamentalism. That sent the Fugitives into taking a more social and political stand. Fit Take My Stand, the famous volume that followed, dabbled in politics, but mostly it was an evocative defense of the Jeffersonian vision. As was its 1936 successor. Who Owns America? a volume that branched out to include the famed British Christian apologist Hillarie Belloc. The books, especially Stand, worked due in part, to the lyrical celebration of an agrarian order, especially in Andrew Lytle’s “The Hind Tit,” and the withering attack on an impersonal industrialism. Or as Donald Davidson pointed out in “A Mirror for Artists,” the old America produced poets, novelists, songwriters, and artisans of all sorts, while Henry Ford’s factory hands read movie confession magazines and tabloid newspapers, while listening to jazz music. There was no creativity in an industrial order, just mass consumption.
To me, the title of the 1930 manifesto played no small part in its success. Sure, folks would attack a book with a phrase from “Dixie.” But those same people would denounce it under a different title, since its contents, which were antistatist to the core, cut sharply against the “intellectual” grain, then dominated by hard Marxists and soft socialists. The title worked precisely because it was provocative, defiant, bold—and sectional, as the^j used to say.
Meanwhile, there was more poetry, more volumes fref Ransom, Davidson, Tate, and Warren. And then fictionj from Lytle, Miss Gordon and Warren, the man whq|^| long been the most famous of the Agrarians, based somH^ on All The Kings Men. On the fiction side, I wouh^^B give a nod to Caroline Gordon, who, in books from the settling of Kentucky (Penhally) to Between the States {None Shall Look “Christian comedies” as Women On The	H
7	Sou thorn /: vents
Vol, 9 • No.
of the great historical novelists in American literature.
That wasn't all. The Fugitive-Agrarians excelled in non-fiction as well—and in many varied forms. Consider biographies of Stonewall Jackson and Jefferson Davis by Allen Tate, of John Brown by the younger and then-more neo-Confederate Warren, and finally, Lytle's biography of Nathan Bedford Forrest, a book first published in 1931, one still in print (and popular) today, a biography considered by such eminent critics as Tom Landess to be the finest single-volume book on the War Between the States.
By the early 1930s, the Agrarians, at least through their individual careers, were just getting started. The bull sessions on Whitfield Avenue were, more than anything, about a rigorous criticism of a member's work. And so. the early numbers of The Fugitive contained literary criticism in addition to creative efforts. This evolved into the New Criticism, a genre that ruled the roost on college campuses from the 1940s to the ‘60s, when the barbarians crashed the gates. The New Critics, also inspired by Eliot and the English critic I. A. Richards, placed all emphasis on the text. There was no hidden political agenda in a poem, no Marxist interpretation, which, in time, disintegrated into deconstructionism, multiculturalism, political correctness, "‘queer theory'" and the like. The New Criticism reigned when English departments cared more about the merits of a text than the author's (or professor's) political stand. Ransom and Warren, for instance, were political liberals who also happened to be literary' traditionalists Davidson, likewise, was a staunch conservative who did not let politics interfere with the teaching of literature.
A new criticism taught by Ransom, Brooks and Warren and their disciples soon became the basis of several fine textbooks, especially Understanding Poetry by Brooks and Warren. Even a 1980s college graduate like myself was taught with the latter text. The Brooks and Warren collaboration included similar texts in fiction and drama, plus a magisterial overview of American literature. Donald Davidson himself authored another impressive textbook, American Reading and Composition. I'll bet anyone a million bucks that the latter is superior to anything floating around college classrooms today.
All along, too, were publications edited by the Agrarians. As noted, the Fugitives published their own quarterly. That was just the beginning. From the unsuspecting flatlands of Baton Rouge came The Southern Review, edited by Brooks and Warren. By 1940, Time magazine would declare it to be the finest literary quarterly in the English-speaking world. In time, the Louisiana State University administration stupidly cut off funding for
that journal (keeping the football team's real life tiger mascot instead). In the meantime, Ransom had left Vanderbilt for Kenyon College, where he became editor of The Kenyon Review. By the mid-1950s, Gambier, Ohio (where Kenyon was located) and not New York City, was considered the "‘literary capital of the United States'" Everyone wanted to be published in The Kenyon Review. In the mid-1940s, Allen Tate took over as editor of Sewanee Review. With his vast network of friends on both sides of the Atlantic, Tate quickly propelled Sewanee to its own literary preeminence. Later, Andrew Lytle served as editor of that august journal. In between all this, fellow Agrarian John Donald Wade founded Ihe Georgia Review, yet another journal equal in stature to the above publications. Both Southern Review and Sewanee Review continue to maintain high standards, but Ransom could not recognize today's Kenyon Review.
A word, too, should be said about history volumes. All the unreconstructed Agrarians (Owsley, Davidson, and Lytle) wrote history. Owsley was a professional historian; the brief, but thorough Plain Folk of the Old South remains his most important work, a volume that shatters long-held stereotypes about Southerners, showing them, instead, to be a highly literate and prosperous people. Davidson contributed a two-volume history of the Tennessee River, while Ly tle's family history, A Wake for The Living has been properly recognized by such eminent critics as J.A. Bryant as a significant American classic.
Starting with Cleanth Brooks, the decades following Stand would see the coming of the disciples. Brooks wrote literary and some social criticism, but with Richard Weaver and M.E. Bradford, this genre took a more historical and political bent. Weaver's greatest work was The Southern Tradition at Bay, a spirited, moving work on how defeated Southerners confronted the new world they were now thrust into. All had changed, but at least some of them were determined to hold on to the old verities. Weaver's 1948 classic. Ideas Have Consequences was a founding text for the post-World War II conservative movement. Ideas was both an assault on an urban modernity' and a defense of the mostly-rural non-materialistic world he first celebrated in The Southern Tradition at Bay.
Bradford is the South's great scholar on the dramas of the early America, namely the ratification debate and The War Between the States. Although Bradford never wrote that the anti-Federalists were right and the Constitution should have never been ratified, his placing of the anti-Federalist Patrick Henry as the great hero of the Founding Era clearly points in that direction.
S Southern h vents
Vol. 9 • No. 2
Meanwhile, there was no ambiguity on Bradford's part on the legacy of Abraham Lincoln. Bradford is, in fact, the founder of modem-day Lincoln criticism. Lincoln revisionism we see today, especially best selling books by Charles Adams and Thomas DiLorenzo, continue in the new tradition: Lincoln's war against the South leveled both the Old Republic and the splendid isolationism of Washington and Jefferson, hurtling the nation toward the hated and despised global empire it is today.
By the mid-1980s, the conservative movement that Richard Weaver had helped to found was dead, mined by East Coast urbanites who had thrown in the towel and accepted the liberalism of the 1950s and '60s as a ‘"good” thing. No matter. The “new” Old Right's driving forces—Thomas Fleming, Clyde Wilson, and Samuel Francis—were all close friends of Bradford’s. All three contributed to Why The South Will Survive; the fiftieth anniversary sequel to I'll Take My Stand (The 1980 volume was edited by Wilson). Under the leadership of Tom Fleming, a writer and editor who is the equal of the more famous gentlemen discussed in this essay, the Old Right went beyond American history' for inspiration: The classics of Athens and Rome, the Christendom of the Middle Ages, and all the great critics of the post-Christian
West, from Charles Peguy to G.K. Chesterton. From the Bradford influence, there is sympathy for the anti-Federalists and modem Lincoln criticism. On the issues front, The Old Right, with its opposition to immigration and American imperialism, has roiled the waters like never before. The Old Right remains a provocative intellectual movement with, unfortunately, no political victories, a sad fate they share with the Vanderbilt Twelve. Indeed, Davidson’s great hope, that “this nation may endure” through a healthy federalism and vibrant regional cultures, seems a more melancholy and distant dream than ever.
Beyond politics, there is the achievement of Wendell Berry. Again, we have the whole package: Fiction, poetry, essays, classroom teaching. Berry celebrates the land and family, but he also points out its hardships (no one’s going to make much money at this venture) and its uncertain future (countless family farms have been lost, but a resistance remains). Like Lytle and Weaver, Berry, to cite Flannery O’Connor, just doesn’t say no, he does no. That is, no television or computers in the household. Foodstuffs should be locally grown and purchased. His grandchildren walk the same land that Berry himself trod upon with his grandparents. The Agrarians were highly
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
'Truth is error's best antagonist!'
From Union To Empire: Essays in the Jeffersonian Tradition 343pp by Clyde Wilson, selections from 300+ articles & essays 24.95 Hampton & His Redshirts: South Carolina's Deliverance in 1867 460 pp PB by A. B. Williams-An Account of Reconstrucion18.00 The Birth of a Nation first full length movie ever made, highly acclaimed (1915-Silent) 160 minutes. video18.00, DVD 20.00
The Truth About Slavery 250pp by Gary C. Walker, Yankees wrote the history - here's the truth !	33.00
North Against South: The American llliad 1848-1877 PB 301 pp by L. Johnson	14.95
Vicksburg & The War 160pp (11 x 8.5) 122 photos, 72 Ulus, by Cotton/Giambrone	19.95
Quantrill of Missouri: The Making of a Guerilla Warrior: The Man, the Myth, the Soldier 504 pp by Peterson 26.95 Hunter's Fiery Raid through Virginia Valleys 450pp Only detailed account of Hunters Campaign by Gary C. Walker 34.00 Union arid Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun 656 pp Edited by Lance	25.00
Gentleman & Soldier:The Extraordinary Life of Gen. Wade Hampton 366 pp by E. G. Longacre	27.95
Stonewll Jackson: The Spiritual Side PB 94 pp by E. T. Myers	10	00
A Confederate Catechism PB 63 pp by Lyon G. Tyler - the Author is the son	of President John Tyler	5.00
General Kirby-Smith 293 pp by A. H. Noll - Reprint of the 1907 edition	30.00
Defend This Old Town: Williamsburg During the Civil War 440 pp by C. K.	Dubbs	49.95
Dr. C. E. Baker
652 Sixteenth Avenue. NW	p	d-	H	$2..50. First Volume. $1.50 (hereafter; Persom
Birmingham. Alabama 35215	('heejues Welcome. No ('/edit ('ants
(205)854-2690 (205)853-0967
Q Southern I z vents
Vol. 9 0 JVo.
creative artists, but in Wendell Berry, we have the novclist/short story writer/poet/essayists that they were looking for. and of course, that they themselves strove to become.
PoctTv. fiction, history and social criticism, biography, history , politics, the publication of textbooks and literary quarterlies, plus a riveting journal of opinion (Tom Fleming's Chronicles). Obviously, this essay is the effort of an unabashed admirer. And why not? A spark that was lit in the early 1920s still haunts our consciousness. If the New York literati ever recognized the Agrarians, it was because Ransom and Warren were liberals, but also due to the fact that in the 1920s and ‘30s, there were conservative elements in the Manhattan publishing world. Books about the Agrarians still tumble out of the university presses, and who cares if they are mostly negative, and often, demagogic? The Agrarians and their intellectual offspring are representatives of a lost world, but since their worldview represents such an appealing alternative to the chaos and torpor of our times, they have managed to stick around. To quote from John Crowe Ransom, in the introduction to I 'll Take My Stand, the great concern was not the accumulation of material things, but a world where the “amenities of life" such as “manners, conversation, hospitality, sympathy, family life and romantic love" would flourish. In the classical-Christian tradition, the Agrarians also considered the worth of the individual: Man is a craftsman, work is a vocation, all should feel they are doing something indispensable for a society ’s well being. The entire Agrarian achievement amounts to a brilliant vision of old-fashioned liberties. As importantly, a number of these writers also practiced such freedoms in their everyday lives. In all, it points to a better world, one that is still there for the taking.
Dr Joe Scotchie is a newspaper editor, a published author, and wishes he still lived in North Carolina.
JOIN THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and Independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
Regular Membership $40 per person per year, $60 for husband and wife. To join send a statement that you support our purpose (stated above) with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, Alabama 35645
Two poems by Art Livingston
+ + +
Stuart By Firelight
Sweeney's banjo bends night’s campfire glare While re(j-lined cape endrapes Jeb's sorrel’s mane As Jine the Cavalry both countertints His raid late made around a wave of blue.
And chorused corporate prayer from Jackson's tents. Both charm of hall and stab of hell bedew His gauntlet rest of song and swaggered play That friezed his pose that acts his part on cue.
'And do I feign the role of cavalier?
Our best Commander bids due all act that fit Become, by putting on attendant gear Of what should be, an altarpiece to sit The throne of turning love, to stead us here.”
Rest now, plumed rake of virtue, steely wit.
Don’t Go, General
Had I foreseen these results of subjugation, I would have preferred to die at Appomattox with my brave men and my sword in my right hand. - Robert E. Lee
Dismounting Traveller, his brow grown old.
These years encamped,
Marse Robert, despite our pleas Has entered Ali Baba’s courthouse. Peas,
Parched com suffice; we yet could reach, right bold,
Trans-Mississippi sanctuary. Cold
And mired in groans we stand and Davis flees.
We reckon Shelby holds out west. Like bees Aswarming, we're overwhelmed and tolled.
But two come nigh, a-shakin’ hands at door.
They grant parole and arms and talk of spring And planting—soon I’ll see Bess’ eyes. What more To give we would but Bobby stays us. Cling To what is right. —Our cause becomes old lore, Until a day our heirs revive and sing.
April 9,1865
tO Southern hvonts
Vol. 9 •	2
Libertarianism Vindicated:
A Reply to The Connection Between Marxism and Libertarianism'
(Continued from page 5) by Daniel V. Bouden
6	The limitations on human nature that render socialism impractical also limit the workings of the free market:
Ludwig von Mises proved that socialism as an economic sy stem was impossible because it lacked the ability to calculate prices, and thus could not coordinate and satisfy the demands of millions of individuals, a task that the a free, unhampered market handles automatically. The only limitation imposed on the free market by human nature is the desire of some people to control and dominate others. When this aggressive behaviour is held in check, and the free market is allowed to operate, it brings peace, prosperity, and an increased division of labour and standard of living. All trade is mutually-beneficial to both parties, otherwise it would not occur. The free market takes into account the limitations of human nature. It is the philosophies of socialism and statism that ignore the limits of human knowledge, and assume that all-knowing central planners can make better decisions than millions of individuals pursuing their own self-interest in the free market, who by doing so unfailingly benefit others via Adam Smith's principle of the 'invisible hand.'
7	Libertarians, at heart, are hostile to religion, and intend to remove religion from public life. The achievement of a libertarian society would mean the removal of restraints imposed by religion on private life as well.
...
As 1 stated above, libertarianism is not a religion. Libertarianism is a political philosophy. It is compatible with any religious belief, or no religious belief. However, if your religion advocated the initiation of force (the use of force against peaceful, non-aggressors), then in that case there would be conflict between the religion and libertarianism Without getting into a discussion of the particulars of any religion, I would suggest that if your religion does advocate the use of force against peaceful people, there is something wrong with it.
Certainly there arc some libertarians who are atheists, and some of these are not merely atheists but arc avowedly hostile to religion. However, this has more to do with their atheism than with their libertarianism. There
are also Christian libertarians (Catholic, Protestant, and Orthodox), as well as Jewish libertarians, Muslim libertarians, and probably libertarian members of most of the other religions as well.4
There is nothing in libertarian philosophy that conflicts with the private, voluntary adherence to religious principles, customs, or restraints. A libertarian society would be marked by complete freedom of religion, but no group would be able to impose its religious preferences on others by force (as currently done through methods such as 'blue laws').
After thrashing 'libertarianism' for allegedly containing a number of the same doctrines as Marxism (doctrines that libertarianism manifestly does not contain) Tomezsko concludes that '[w]e can now say with confidence that since these three axioms did not produce happiness when they were applied during the Great Experiment known as the Soviet Union, they will likewise fail in a truly libertarian society.'
Tomezsko reaches the conclusion that since Soviet society (based on slavery, tyranny, collectivism and force) was a failure that this indicates that a libertarian society (based on freedom, peace, and cooperation through the free market) would also fail. I don’t follow that line of reasoning at all. The argument is a non sequitur.
For an antidote to the idea that libertarianism necessarily means libertinism and hostility to religion, I recommend the excellent contributions from the writers at LewRockwell.Com, the best site on the web. Also, the talented essayist Joe Sobran proves that conserv ative Catholicism and libertarianism are compatible. Sobran and the writers at LRC are not only philosophical libertarians, but inveterate supporters of state s rights, original intent, and the right of secession. They have passionately defended the justice of the South s cause, and almost single-handedly disabused many people of the Lincoln Myth (see LRC writer Tom DiLorenzo s The Real Lincoln).
From time to time within the Southern Movement, I have encountered hostility to 'libertarianism,' and yet when I talk to fellow Southrons about my own libertarian beliefs, we usually find broad agreement. I think it is neij the substance of libertarianism which repels sona« Southrons, but its caricature. When they hear such as the smarmy Bill Maher claim to be a 'libertarian^ arc repelled. Rest assured the real libcrtariamgjl^^ deep and rich heritage exemplified by such past as John Locke, Thomas JeffersonJ^^^^| Spooner, and Murray Rothbard, and carried tip through the present day by leading lights such as Lew Rockwell,
/ / Soul/torn Invents
Vol. 9 0 No.
and Hans-Hermann Hoppe. Southrons should embrace the libertarian idea as one fully compatible with their own political traditions, and realise that sometimes, as Thomas Jefferson shows us, the greatest libertarians and greatest Southerners can be one and the same.
Endnotes
1	For a good overview of basic libertarian philosophy and history, see this site from the Institute for Humane Studies at George Mason University: http://tinyurl.com/ 27j5a For an animated 10 min. introduction the basic ideas of liberty from the International Society for Individual Liberty, see http://tinyiirl.com/d7jl
2	Acton was a leading liberal of his day. Today, the term 'liberal' has been co-opted by the Left to mean the exact opposite of its original meaning. The liberals of Acton's time were opponents of statism and supporters of limited government and individual liberty. Today such persons are known as classical liberals or libertarians.
3	PDF document online at http://tinyml.com/2qz2r
4	For a good work examining the compatibility of Christianity and libertarianism, see Healing Our World by Dr. Mary Ruwart. Online at http://www.ruwart.com/ Healing/
Mr Daniel V. Bow den is native of Barbour County, Alabama, and currently resides in Tuscaloosa. He is a graduate of Auburn University and the Univ. of Alabama School of Law, and has been active in libertarian and southern organisations since 1996. His website is http:/ freealabama.com . Email: dan@freealabama.com
George Tomezsko Responds
In his response to my article, Mr Bowden (‘Libertarianism Vindicated: A Reply to "The Connection Between Marxism and Libertarianism"') makes a number of points that are patently false.
I stand by my assertion that libertarianism is based on the denial of any objective standards of right and wrong.
To make his case against me, he divides libertarianism into two varieties (utilitarianism and natural law) concerning this point, and concedes my claim ‘might be valid’ regarding the former. Actually, it's valid for both varieties and I call as my chief witness none other than Mr. Bowden himself! He writes that ‘happiness is something that each individual must seek for himself' — the exact claim of any individual guided by subjective morality!
Besides, I strongly suspect that his self-sty led Natural Lawyers, like all lawy ers, are try ing to square a rhetorical circle: in this case, by teaching both subjective and
objective morality' at one and the same time. This simply won t work; when human nature is given free reign, its an easy guess as to which notion of morality is popular. Bowden also writes that ‘the core belief of libertarianism ... is the non-aggression axiom/ which means that ‘no other person may own your body.' This very belief forms the cornerstone of the subjective, do your own thing' morality that has caused the widespread cultural decline we have seen in America over the past 40 or so years. Feminists use this belief to justify legal abortion: homosexual activists cite it to justify every thing from whipping to pederasty; numerous heterosexuals stand upon it to rationalize co-habitation.
To sum up, this notion of "its my body' was deliberately and consciously devised to 'free' individuals from the allegedly oppressive objective moral standards of Christianity; and particularly those taught by the Catholic Church. Moreover, this notion of non-aggression was intended to work only in one direction. The teachers of objective morality, having been exposed as 'oppressors/ were to fold up their tents and steal quietly into history; while the prophets of the new morality were encouraged to be as aggressive as possible in spreading their new gospel If you doubt this, look at the contents of popular culture today.
And this leads me to my next point, namely, that I also stand by my assertion that libertarianism assumes that human happiness and pleasure-seeking are equivalent. In fact I'll go Mr Bowden one better. Contrary to what he writes, I state that hedonism has EVERYthing to do with libertarianism. He quotes Lord Acton to the effect that liberty is the highest good for both civil society' and private life. You mean to say, Mr Bowden, if this is true, you would never ask the obvious question, just what is it I am at liberty to do?
Well, many people have, and the answer is that, since morality’ is (supposedly) now’ purely subjective, we are at liberty to indulge our appetites whenever and wherever we see fit, especially in matters sexual. Besides, whether libertarianism is or is not a life philosophy; it predisposes the answer to the most fundamental question any individual must ask him or herself (that is, how must I live) in favour of hedonism. To wit, since libertarianism (as even Mr Bowden notes) does not reveal to us the meaning of life, I submit that any individual, upon learning that, would ask himself, why not indulge my appetites freely and without guilt, because tomorrow obviously no longer matters?
Bowden also makes the preposterous claim that a libertarian society that leads to greater prosperity and abundance is less likely to produce widespread
/ 3 Si >u thorn h von is
Vo/.. 9	• 2
depression and anxiety Yet here in America today, in arguabh the most prosperous nation that has ever existed, most people, if polls arc to be believed, claim to be unsatisfied 1 submit this as proof that any philosophy that confuses the quality of life with simple material abundance is. and will always be, an abject failure.
I also stand b> my statement that libertarians believe that there is no fixed human nature, and that human nature can be shaped by social, political, and economic forces Once again. I call as my chief witness Mr Bowden He writes that libertarianism advocates institutions such as the free market which elicit peace and mutual cooperation rather than conflict.' Prior to the Enlightenment in the 1700s, a long tradition running from the Socratic philosophers, the Greco-Roman Stoics, and the Church Fathers taught that, given the limitations of human nature, the only way to make human beings civil and capable of living in harmony was via moral education. This tradition was discarded by the Enlightenment, and most clearly by Karl Marx. Since Mr Bowden claims that institutions such as the free market can do what Tradition had said only the moral educator could do. it is obvious that Mr Bowden and his libertarian buddies agree with Marx. They disagree only as to the specific social, political, and economic forces to be employed here.
I also defend my statement that libertarianism is hostile to religion. Mr Bowden is, once again, my witness. He claims that there is nothing in libertarianism that conflicts with the private adherence to religion. And he is right. But note the word ‘private' — religion is driven out of public life in a libertarian society. And note his use of the word force' in reference to Blue laws. Funny, I always thought they had been passed by duly elected legislators carrying out the mandate given them by the voters, and not by (as the word force implies) armed thugs. And that's the point: to a libertarian any law that attempts to regulate vice is deemed to be ‘forced* and must be stopped. Moreover, since the free market works best when individuals arc free to follow their selfish desires for wealth and consumer goods, even private religious belief must obviously be discouraged because such belief makes us think of non-material things, and happiness outside this world.
Bowden also, unwittingly, provides no incentive to embrace libertarianism after touting it. He says it is a political philosophy, and not a life philosophy. In plainer English, libertarianism is incomplete, and we may now ask why should we settle for something that reflects onlv a partial truth about the nature of the world, when we can enjoy a much fuller version of the truth by
embracing Christianity? I think the Southern Movement should advocate a free Southland governed as a Christian republic, instead of succumbing to an political ideology obviously not fully thought out.
Lastly, Bowden writes that I thrash libertarianism for allegedly containing a number of the same doctrines as Marxism.' That is not true. I realize that Marxism and libertarianism make different doctrinal recommendations, especially concerning economic issues. The whole point of my article was that both ideologies rest upon three flawed philosophical axioms, not similar doctrines. Axioms are abstract, and are ‘hidden' from daily view, so to speak, while doctrines are concrete and specific items, like shortening the work day, or supporting the free market system. The relationship between an axiom and a doctrine may be thought of as the relationship between a blueprint for a home and the completed house. Marxism and libertarianism can therefore be thought of somewhat like the building of two very different-looking houses from the same foundation layout. My further point was that, since the philosophical foundation for both ‘houses’ is flawed, both wdll fail when tried out on real, honest-to-goodness humans. I hope this is clear.
To conclude, I am so confident in my analysis that I'll offer Mr Bowden and the libertarian scribblers he cites a challenge: I'll take you all on in a knock-down, bare knuckle intellectual contest with one pen tied behind my back!
George Tomezsko
Hollywood, Pennsylvania
Free Bird
(Continued from page one) by James Butler
Apparently she's a Democrat who was the tocus of 'partisan squabbling.'All, but a Constitutionalist knows these squabblers for what they are - the political flotsam thrown up by a corrupt and dysfunctional one-party system. Except as a diversion, they have practically nothing to do with what's really going on (which is the feds covering their rear ends and protecting their pow (Waco hearings, e.g.).
More news: Richard Clarke (or was it Bob Beni whose 911 testimony (or was it a book?) had wrapped around the axle for weeks. Apparently the goods on the Bush people stampeding
13 Southern Events
Vol. 9 • No.
Breaking News. Headlines. Interviews. Fake debate. Forget it He's not saying anything a modem Confederate doesn't alreadx know Look at the feds' behaviour during the War of Northern Aggression and you can ascertain their current motives. We don't need no CNN soap opera.
Another issue blabbed by even- talking head in the nation: something called Oil for Food. Apparently it's about corruption at the UN. Tell me it ain't so! Why waste time with that story? There's only one. and it's that the US ought to have nothing to do with that globe trotting gang.
Even now and then a politician will accidentally say something that's worth noting. John Kern called the news saga about his Vietnam war medals a 'phony controversy.' No kidding? That term applies to about ninety percent of what passes for political discourse in America today.
And who cares where Bush spent his (Air Force?) • reserve time? A President launches a war against a Middle Eastern third w orld piranha tank and people are obsessing over how he 'served' during Vietnam?
And we're supposed to be concerned about who's the bigger hero? I say we put Bush and Kern in Legion Field, hqnd them each a two-by-four, and let them decide the matter in single combat.
The federal army is mistreating Iraqi POWs. That's supposed to be hot news? Shoot, during the War of Northern Aggression the feds mistreated Confederate POWs as a matter of policy, and sacrificed their own men being held as POWs in the South. That Lincoln and Stanton - excuse me. Bush and Rumsfeld - should suddenly become concerned about collateral damage to POWs may be a big story to Fox News, but it's no surprise to today's Confederates.
A Southern nationalist perspective does not come without a price. In today's America, thinking in the terms of the Constitution and the Founders makes you a radical.
Unlike the average American, a Southern nationalist cannot bask in the illusion that the history of the US has been one happy, progressive triumph after another (it was a good thing the North won the war, Stalin was a hunky dory ally, the accumulation of power in Washington helps to guarantee our ’freedoms').
But once you've seen the light and made the leap in support of the Southern Cause, you'll soar like a free bird above the corrupt circus that is American news and politics.
James Butler of Huntsville. Alabama is a w riter musician and regular contributor to Southern Events.
Subscribe Now To
The Copperhead Chronicle
We guarantee you articles on history, education, theology, etc.
from a positively politically incorrect viewpoint. Establishment historians, socialists, liberals, and other assorted liars will not appreciate our viewpoints.
The Copperhead Chronicle
is published four times a year. Subscription price is $8.00 per year. Subscribe now and help to promote political incorrectness (truth). PO Box 55 Sterlington, Louisina 71280
The True Gentleman1
The True Gentleman is the man whose conduct proceeds from good will and an acute sense of propriety, and whose self-control is equal to all emergencies; who does not make the poor man conscious of his poverty, the obscure man of his obscurity, or any man of his inferiority or deformity; who himself is humbled if necessity compels him to humble another; who does not flatter wealth, cringe before power, or boast of his own possessions or achievements; who speaks with frankness but always with sincerity and sympathy; whose deed follows his word; who thinks of the rights and feelings of others, rather than his own; and who appears well in any company, a man with whom honor is sacred and virtue is safe. - SAE Fraternity document
/•/ Southern Invents
Vol. 9 • No. 2
Another Reply To 6The Fallacy of Scapegoating’
When Entering the Temple, Leave the Truth at the Door?
(a reply to ‘The Fallacy of Scapegoating’ in the previous issue of Southern Events)
by Olaf Childress
Thanks to Southern Events for allowing space among its essays for a reply to Richard Dearing's what some would call 'vicious' attack on The First Freedom.
And yet I don't see it that way. While he finds 'the scapegoating of Jews' a growing phenomenon 'among both the Left and the Right politically, and, sad to say, including some in the Southern movement,' his views tell me he's rather a sufferer of cognitive dissonance than •vicious.
Mr Dearing opines that the monthly tabloid I edit 'which, from its inception, appeared to be partly pro-Southem. partly pro-US Nationalist (in the John Bircher vein), has become increasingly strident...'
Well, let's just pause right here and note that he got two out of three right, which is about par even among those who manage to avoid becoming intellectually drowned in today's disinformation deluge. Lor sure. The First Freedom is pro-Southern and 'partly pro-US Nationalist' inasmuch as the US Constitution remains 'partly' heeded by our occupiers. But, 'in the John Bircher vein'? No wav'. The John Birch Society is singularly dev oted to getting the US out of the 'united nations' (quotes and no caps because I agree with them so far). But never once has this JBS complained of our amiual billions to Israel, the ultra rogue state which defies all efforts by the member nations of that rogue's gallery to stop its aggression and allow anus inspections like the others. You either see it or you don't, and that's my litmus test; which, for whatever reasons, Dearing fails. I'm so redneck prejudiced I can assure you without reading everything he's written that Mr Dearing has never found fault with Israel's 'neoconservative' brutality; nor Hollywood's excusing of it.
He notes that I recently wrote in a fund-raising letter: ...in 1940, America got duped into joining Stalin and Churchill to crush the only regime on earth fighting communist indoctrination. The Bolshevists then proceeded to undermine every sovereign government including our own with spies and subversives, the Jfcws behind them aiming to rule the world.’ (cont. p. 17)
by Tyrone Crowley
As a dedicated reader of Southern Events since its inception, I would like to respectfully disagree with the article, “The Fallacy of Scapegoating/' by Reinhard Dearing, in Vol. 9, No. 1. It is in the main so full of broad, categorical, and unsupported assertions that I'm surprised it made it past your desk.
The first half of Dr Dearing's monograph reads like a sermon whose tone is that of a Sunday-school teacher lecturing his uneducated charges on their moral duty; the second half like the writing of a Jewish apologist. The first part also is very vague and general with regard to who exactly Dr Dearing is referring to, using phrases such as ‘some in the Southern movement.' The only specific entity7 he mentions is The First Freedom, a monthly7 newspaper that takes its title as its watchword, printing truth as it sees it, and from any quarter. I have been a reader of The First Freedom for over a year, have seen the articles Dr Dearing apparently is referring to, and don't recall any that attack Jews as a people. The articles I've read name names and state facts, and The First Freedom is performing an educational and patriotic serv ice by printing them.1 Instead of attacking the publishing of the articles, critics like Dr Dearing who believe in free speech should be explaining where the articles are wrong or inaccurate. Dr Dealing does not do this; he only predicts a vague and disastrous ‘destruction' or "death' for "haters, ignoramuses, and evil men' who engage in w7hat he labels ‘scapegoating.'
Dr Dearing's article is long on accusation and short on documentation. And notwithstanding the charges he makes of "Jew-bashing' and "scapegoating/ he offers no evidence or specifics, other than one quote from a letter from the editor of The First Freedom. He follows the quote with the question, "Is [the editor] suggesting that the Nazis should not have been crushed?' Well, if he is, the proposition is not unheard of; it was part of the thesis of Pat Buchanan's book, A Republic. Not an Empire. It is a debatable point that the US would have been better off staying out of WWII. To recognize this fact is not to worship, or even approve of. Nazism.
At this point in his monograph. Dr Dearing makes categorical assertions about the extinction of Southerners and Christians, without explaining what he means or what the basis for the assertion is. (cont. p. 18)
/ 3 Sou I horn Izvonls
You 9 •	2
’Scapegoating' Author Responds
by Rcinhard J. Dearing
Wlute I am a tenth generation Southerner on my father's side. I am only first generation on my mother's side. She is a German who married a young Lt. Dearing who was stationed in Bamberg, Germany from 1948 to 1950. I have uncles (mother’s side) who served in both the Waffen-SS and the Death's Head units. My grandmother (a party member) worked as an interpreter for Goebbels. My Master's Thesis was an oral history project entitled "The Waffen-SS: A Representative Study' (because of family connections I had unlimited contact to former SS members, the leadership of the HIAG and other such organisations). My doctoral dissertation is entitled4 SS General Karl Wolff and his Italian Odyssey’. I spent over eight hours with General* Wolff (remember, he was Himmler’s personal adjutant for many years). You can be assured we discussed far more than just military affairs. My mother was drafted near the end of the war and was stationed near Thersienstadt Concentration Camp. I know exactly what the Nazis did from their own lips. People were exterminated simply because of what their ethnic background was -for NO other reason.
I	know refugee Jews here in New Orleans who initially wanted to be good Nazis, they liked a lot of the programs Hitler initiated and thought his Jew-bashing was just a temporary madness in order to give the unemployed masses and the fringe middle class something at which to direct their frustrations. Sadly they were greatly mistaken - if you were a Jew you were consigned to death the minute you left your mother’s womb. Anyone who admires Hitler or the Nazis AND KNOWS the full story of the N.S.D.A.P. must be evil. Anyone who believes The Protocols of the Elders of Zion to be legitimate must also believe in the tooth fairy.
The pseudo-intellectuals who defend Nazi philosophy and either justify or ‘soften' Nazi acts, won’t come right out and say they are Neo-Nazis. Yet they say the same things the Nazis said. Neo-Nazis are to honourable nationalism what Jim Jones was to Christianity. They are an aberration, a perversion, a discrediting of patriots who truly love their people. It IS possible to love and prefer your own people without harbouring malice against other groups. Scapegoating is an intellectually lazy diversion that engenders malice, (cont. page 16)
Patriot Litmus Test?
by Larry Smith
The article 'The Fallacy of Scapegoating', by Reinhard Dearing, poses a question and answers it in the negative. Should belief in, and vocal opposition to, an ‘International Jewish Conspiracy' that includes all Jews be a plank in the platform of the Southern nationalist movement?
That this is indeed the question is confirmed by the author’s critics, their unconvincing claims to Buchananite status notwithstanding. Mr Buchanan uses phrases like ‘the Israel amen comer’. A comer is a part, never the whole; Israel is a distinct, particular political entity. His actual complaint is with the American agents of just one of that country’s many political parties.
Mr Childress pens phrases like ‘Jew World Order’. Is this merely an irresistable capitulation to cuteness? Does he like ‘Jew’ because it is short? Brevity doesn’t seem to be a major concern elsewhere in his writing. His choice of words includes: Zionist, liberal, neocon, socialist, megalomaniac, control freak. Jacobin, and on and on. Yet he uses ‘Jew’, where the only particularity is racial.
When Mr Crowley gets through chiding Dr Dearing for failing to footnote the self evident, he launches into a litany of abuses and outrages perpetrated by people whose only stated commonality is their religious heritage. Clearly, the problem with Jews is their Jewishness. Logic dictates, therefore that any and all Jews are at least a potential source of evil.
My quarrel is not about accuracy; I’m sure Mr Childress finds Jews wherever he looks. Certainly it is plausible that the ambitions and motivations of people derive greatly from their cultural, ethnic and historical heritage. But when it is this aspect of the problem that is emphasized over all others, hammered on repeatedly with liberal sprinklings of anti-semitic catch phrases, thinking Southerners wi)l conclude that a man warning of a race based danger is suggesting a race based solution.
This approach has been thoroughly discredited, not by Jewish propaganda but by real people committing real, horrible atrocities. I know that all Mr Childress wants is to make people suspicious of Jews so they will oppose anything Jews are involved in. This is certainly easier than getting them to think. But in his choice of language he has attached himself to repellant predecessors.
Patrick Buchanan and former congressman Paul Findley, in his book They Dare to Speak Out, manage to maintain a telling counterattack (cont. page 17)
16 Southern Events
Vo/.. 9 • No. 2
These people talk like they d like the Jews out of America, yet they don't want a Jewish homeland for them to Io to. How then would they solve this problem? Forbid the Jews to own property or be CEOs? Get a congressman to introduce legislation to ban Jews from being writers at newspapers or in Hollywood? Put them in camps? Expel them? To where? Perhaps they want them 'off the planet'. If they are too reticent to suggest a ‘final solution' to the reason "Jews behave the way they do' why do they even bring it up?
Suppose a black leader says to his followers (and many of them do): "White men control corporate America, they use the "good of bov' network to keep minorities and women excluded, as it suits their purposes/ He is not merely stating what he sees as a fact, he is scapegoating white men, by blaming the white good of boy ‘conspiracy' as the source of black failure. Black 'leaders' use this kind of scapegoating all the time. Sure, we're all in on it— we whites introduce things to destroy the black family, exclude brilliant black geniuses from various fields, steal the fruits of the black man's labour, and to secretly keep dominance over him. (E.G. - The CIA invented AIDS to kill Africans, etc.) Scapegoating is a failure of reason, and an appeal to base emotion.
What is the reason white men dominate the corporate world? Why do blacks dominate certain sports? Why do Jews dominate the media? Everyone "behaves the way they do' because of a whole variety of reasons — genetic, cultural, personal experiences, and every group excels in certain things and lacks in other things, just as individuals do. There is also a tendency to exclude others and help vour own kin and your own kind, this is just human behaviour, not a super-conspiracy. Anyone who has been in the job market know7 the best place to get a job is through a friend or relative by word of mouth, and usually your friends have a lot in common with you intellectually; culturally and ethnically.
I don't believe in super-conspiracies. I do, however, believe in a genteel civilized and Christian Southland. Associating with Nazi-thinkers will only destroy our evergrowing movement. How can any true Southerner and Confederate be a Neo-Nazi or even associate with them? I doubt if men such as my great, great grandfather, Brjg. Gen. Janies Dearing, CSA, or Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, Jeb Stuart, Nathan Bedford Forrest, P.G.T. Beauregard and thousands of our honourable ancestors would approve of these Anti-Semitic cretins.
From a purely intellectual political science perspective, the N.S.D A P. (Nazi Party) represented one of the most centralized forms of government ever known to modem western man. The Confederacy, on the other hand, celebrated the least centralized form of government ever introduced to western society. The greatest political and
social power rested with the individual states and their political subdivision. The central government w^as meant to be almost nonexistent except during times of grave emergencies and even then the individual states retained great authority and autonomy.
From a racial perspective, the Confederacy viewed race in economic and humane terms. Slave owners were expected to civilize and Christianise their slaves in preparation for eventual emancipation. The Nazis, on the other hand, had a very complex and complicated racial classification system. In a nutshell, most people who were not of northern European descent were categorized as sub-human on various levels. The lowest level of course, belonged to the Jews. (Which, even from a racialist perspective is absurd, if you objectively look at IQ, achievement, and other such measures.) Most so-called sub-human species could be labourers, and not taught to read and wTite beyond a rudimentary7 level, serving their entire life in service of the "Master’ race (the Germans). For the Jews, the fate was far worse. They were meant for total extermination. In the words of one of my subjects, former Hauptstunnfuhrer Karl--Heinz Milieus (Totenkopf Standarten), "The Jews were not considered human, they were vermin that had to be eradicated so that we could triumph.' Anyone who can make the intellectual leap and attempt to compare Nazism with the philosophy of our Confederate ancestors is at the very least, a bete noire, who harms our cause immensely (and beyond repair in the minds of many).
I would like to quote a former Commander of SCV Camp Beauregard when David Duke (our local Neo-Nazi) attempted to attend one of the camp meetings, "Sir, this organisation is composed of true Southerners and gentlemen and you. Sir, are neither. ’
Nazism is pure unadulterated evil. The Confederacy, on the other hand, was among the purest of Christian nations bound by honour, loyalty and decency. Never the twain shall meet. We must keep Nazism and all similar philosophies as far removed from our cause as possible. Even the hint of association does our Cause irreparable harm. Let us always be guided by the example of Robert E. Lee and the charge of Stephen Dill Lee.
Our ancestors were honourable and noble men. Winston Churchill characterized the ANV as one of the noblest armies that ever took the field. Our Cause was righteous. The Confederacy and its revolution were the true inheritors and defenders of the values and political philosophy of most of our founding fathers. I am convinced that Patrick Henry, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, would have fought for the Confederacy.
It is asserted that the Founding Fathers "worried about the Jewish influence on the development of this country '.
/ 7 Southern liven is
A solitary diary entry' recording a conversation from the 1787 Convention is cited as ‘proof'. If this single historical note is evidence of anything, the lack of concern elsewhere recorded is the greater evidence. The Founders were concerned about blacks and Indians, the evidence is abundant in the debates, and they found a place in the document, but Jews were not mentioned. If it was a real ‘worry' it would have come up.
Remember that the founders of the US and the CSA were predominately members of the Southern gentry and aristocracy. These men would abhor the people and groups that are flaunting and abusing our symbols, and debasing our Cause. We must stop and reverse this abuse. At the same time, we must become active in our communities, civic organisations and schools to educate and re-educate our fellow citizens, both black and white, as to the true meaning of the Confederacy, and its political and social philosophy. And we must instill in Southerners that they are indeed a nation, a people w orthy of their own name and place among the nations of the earth. This is not and will not be an easy tack. However, if we devote ourselves to this task, we can be successful. And we must be successful. Our legacy is a proud and honourable one. Let's fight for it in a proud and honourable maimer.
During our Forefathers' time, there was a saying that courage w as demanded, but honour was expected - Let's keep that sense of Southern honour in mind at all times.
Dr Reinhard Bearing is the Chief Administartive Officer of Slidell, Louisana. and a member of the LS, the SCV, and the MO SB.
Patriot Litmus Test?
(continued from page 15) by Larry Smith
on the Israel lobby and their neocon allies without resorting to— yes, scapegoating. There are others, as well. Mr Childress will not be joining them, for their method cannot meet his real aspiration, so ably summarized in the first part of his Mark Twain quote. What a waste.
Anti-semites, real and accidental, will continue to be drawn to the Southern movement and all other conservative causes. We are supposed to be grateful; after all, they bring the Answer. I am instead grateful to Dr Dearing and Southern Events for contributing valuable time and space to a discussion that may demonstrate to potential recruits that there is at least some diversity of opinion on this issue. Will it save us from ‘destruction'? Not bv itself.
Mr Larry Smith is a practising Agrarian, a songwriter, and a fifth generation Florida patriot
Vol, 9 * No.
Leave Truth at Temple Door
Reply to The Fallacy of Scapegoating
(continued from page 10) by Olaf Childress
Dearing is not on my list of those having been sent that appeal, so I wonder how he came by it? No, Olaf suggests the Jewish-inspired Versailles 'peace' treaty following World War I shouldn't have put Germany in the desperate position of having to elect a dictator (as did ancient Rome in survival situations) to escape becoming Polandized. Since Mr Dearing has never subscribed to The First Freedom, perhaps I should send him our stranger-than-fiction 'Independent investigation of 9-11 and the. War on Terrorism.' Naw, he's probably seen it.
Then again, maybe not; because his, 'If Childress has ever been an unabashed Southern Nationalist, in favour of a separate and independent Dixie, I have never seen it in any of his writings,' proves he is either pulling somebody’s leg or hasn’t read a one of my rants. He then circumscribes what’s legitimate news for a pro-Southern newspaper to cover. 'What stake does Dixie have in what happens in Palestine anyway?'
I’ll try this with a Jimmy Stewart drawl: 'Waal, if you don’t know, I can’t tell ya.'
No, seriously; even if we had none of that famous liberal 'compassion' for those Palestinian boys throwing rocks at the tanks and bulldozers we give Ariel Sharon (the ones called 'terrorists' by the Jewish controlled media in America for blowing themselves up in hopeless desperation), we in Dixie might ask Washington to return as much of that 'foreign aid' as was got from here back to these Southern provinces.
Still on Israel, Dearing asks: 'In what possible way does taking sides advance the Southern cause? It is a very complex issue with right and wrong on both sides... Jew-bashing (as well as Catholic-bashing) is historically alien to the South... the original Klan of the 1860s had no anti-Jew or anti-Catholic bent... it was a movement to deliver the South from Reconstruction.'
Bravo! It isn’t so complex; he grasps the problem up to a point, so there’s hope. I haven’t accused Catholics of subverting the entertainment or news media, and not just because my wife is Catholic. But why does he claim the Protocols of the Elders of Zion are fake? That's not taking sides? As he’s an authority on The First Freedom (without taking sides), surely he has seen the book advertisements appearing therein: David Duke's Jewish Supremacism, which, like a good many of the articles
/ S Soul horn k von Is
we publish, relies considerably on the words of Jewish writers, Ha aretz. Encyclopedia Judaica and the Talmud. Whv. we feature in our current issue Israel Shamir's The Wall,' a full-page article by an Israeli Jew decrying not his people but their leadership's brutal arrogance. Isn't that what we're fighting for today in Dixie I self-government. freedom from insane tyranny’s bootheel?
Okay, so in the same issue we conclude the National Vanguard's two-part series, 'Who rules America?' And, as it turns out, they're all Jews. What's the problem with a sole, scapegoat, vast-rightwing-conspiracy, alternate newspaper reporting, commenting on - this established fact?
The stance taken by Reinhard Dearing is common and easy, unlike that of the SCV commander who refused to surrender his colors at the entrance after thousands of Georgians had marched with him through Atlanta to the capitol showing solidarity up to a point. 'In the beginning of a change, the Patriot is a scarce man brave, hatred and scorned. When his cause succeeds however, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a Patriot.' -Mark Twain Mr Dearing’s essay was titled, 'The Fallacy of Scapegoating.' I looked it up: \scape-goat\ Vskap-got\ n [scape: intended as trans. of Heb "azazel (prob. name of a demon), as if "ez 'ozel goat that departs. Lev 16:8 (AV)] i : a goat upon whose head are symbolically placed the sins of the people after which he is sent into the wilderness in the biblical ceremony for Yom Kippur 2 : a person or thing bearing the blame for others Let him be so kind as to place the blame for that emperor's nakedness somewhere besides on the kid that notices.
Mr Olaf Childress is a resident of Baldwin County; Alabama and publishes THE FIRST FREEDOM
Another Reply to The Fallacy of Scapegoating
(continued from page 14) by Tyrone Crowley
For example, he states that ‘Southern patriots who let their picture and name and writings be used (for) this kind of sympathy will destroy themselves and their organizations.’ How will this happen, and why? Are Southerners under some sort of thought control, or is Dr Dearing admitting that the pro-Jewish forces are all-powerful and anyone who criticizes them is doomed to destruction? If so, he is making the 'scapegoaters'' point
Vul. 9 •	2
for them. A bit further on. Dr Dearing states that the Nazis 'were occult-minded pagans' who 'murdered manv
J I
Christians and would have sought to eradicate Christianity had they achieved enough power.' Generally an assertion of this magnitude calls for some sort of documentation, or does Dr Dearing feel that his credibility is such that all readers of Southern Events will simply accept his dictate regarding the Nazis?
Unlike the first part of his article, where he offers no documentation and few specifics, in the second part, wherein he attempts to explain why Jews behave the way they do. Dr Dearing names specific individuals and offers a suggested reading list on Jews in the Confederacy. Dr Kevin McDonald of California State University in Long Beach, California, has also made an attempt to explain why Jews behave the way thev do. The book is The
j	J	•/
Culture of Critique, and, though it is exhaustive, repetitive, and not an 'easy read,' I would recommend it as a balance to the explanation Dr Dearing offers. Dr McDonald’s book also supports the one quote Dr Dearing does offer from the editor of The First Freedom, regarding the involvement of Jews in the Bolshevik Revolution.1
Regarding Dr Dearing's language used in this article, it is slanted and biased, beginning with the title. A clearer title would be 'Southerners Should Never Criticize Jews.' Dr Dearing apparently considers any criticism of any Jew to be morally wrong, since it is all just 'scapegoating' and is 'very, very sad.'
Holding a Ph.D. in History, Dr Dearing must know that many men who up until recently were considered great by most Americans have worried about the Jewish influence on the development of this country, beginning with Benjamin Franklin at the Constitutional Convention in 1789, who was seconding a concern of George Washington’s.2 In the late 1920s Henry Ford wrote a book. The International Jew, expressing fears of possible outcomes which now appear to be realities.3 Just prior to World War II, Charles Lindbergh made speeches to the American public, warning of Jewish influence on our national life that could be leading us into a war we did not need to fight (Pat Buchanan’s book cites these speeches4).
If we look behind the scenes today in many movements that have undermined our traditions both as Southerners and Americans., it’s not hard to come up with a list of persons/incidents which are abhorrent to or destructive of the interests of mainstream America, all tied in some
way to Jews.
The NAACP, which has been the source of so many divisive attacks on Southern heritage in the last couple of decades, was founded by Jews and had a Jewish
/ O S<nti horn h von is
Vol. 9 •. No.
president until the late 1960s. The second-largest pro-Black organisation in the US. the National Urban League, was also founded and funded by Jews.5 Their strategy in the founding of these organisations can be discerned from the quote by Dr. Raab at the end of this article.
The entertainment empires that produce so much of the harmful, violent, and pornographic material sold as entertainment in this country are owned and directed by Jew s 0 Consider w hat Michael Eisner has done to Disney since taking control of it. The USS Liberty incident of 1967’ and American citizen/Israel spy Jonathan Pollard immediately come to mind, as well. Right here in Alabama, we notice that the two lawyers who brought the suit to remove the Ten Commandments from our State Judicial Building were Jews: Cohen and Rothman. The organisation behind the Ten Commandments lawsuit, the Southern Poverty Law Center, depends heavily on Jewish donations. Does Dr Dearing really expect us to turn a blind eye to the fact that Jews are involved in so many of the movements/incidents that are abhorrent to us and our way of life?
The most powerful lobby in this country is AIPAC (American Israel Public Affairs Committee), which recently held a dinner attended by 50% of the US Senate and about a third of the US House.8
Dr Dearing asks a surprising question for someone who is speaking from a moral standpoint: 'What stake does Dixie have in what happens in Palestine?' as if we should turn our eyes away as our own soldiers (which typically are from Dixie) are harassed, wounded, killed, and their bodies desecrated as a result of being sent to Iraq. Here again, Jewish influence appears to be the main factor behind our being in Iraq. The only truly justifiable war is one in which you defend your own homeland (as the War Between the States); any other war, while it may be debated as justifiable, does require justificationbeyond what can be explained to a child. Additionally, we note that most of the promoters of the war in Iraq, both inside (Fromm, Perlmann, Wolfowitz) and outside the administration (the so-called “neoconservatives,” a euphemism for Jews, as they themselves have complained), are Jewish.
Finally, with regard to this entire discussion, I would offer a 2002 quotation from Jewish Professor Earl Raab of Brandeis University’s Institute for Jewish Advocacy:
The Census Bureau has just reported that about half of the American population will soon be non-white or non-European. And they will all be American citizens. We have tipped beyond the point where a Nazi-Aryan party will be able to prevail in this countiy.
'We have been nourishing the American climate of
opposition to ethnic bigotry for about half a century. That climate has not yet been perfected, but the heterogeneous nature of our population tends to make it irreversible....'9
Professor Raab apparently equates “majority white” with “Nazi-Aryan” since he believes the U S. must be majority non-white or non-European in order to avoid such an outcome as he fears. For a Southerner concerned with the future of his section of this woebegone country, ignoring all the facts discussed above would make him a Dixie Don Quijote, jousting at Yankee windmills and ignoring the reality around him, ignorant even of the fact that those windmills are no longer operated by the Yankees, who surrendered their birthright beginning in 1861 and in the last half-century have reaped, along with the South and the rest of the country, the rewards for their mistaken judgment.
(Footnotes)
1	McDonald, K., The Culture of Critique, pp. xxxvii Iff.
2	Benjamin Franklin, in a 'Chit Chat Around The Table During Intermission,' at the Philadelphia Constitutional Convention of 1787. This statement was recorded in the dairy of Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, a delegate from South Carolina.
3	Ford, H., The International Jew. See Chapter headings, which read for the most part as if they were written last week.
4	Buchanan, P. A Republic Not an Empire, p. 335. 5Yaffe, The American Jews, p. 257. Rose, A., The Negro in America, p. 267.
6	First Freedom, March 2004, p. 14, “Who Rules America?” Part I; April 2004, pp. 13-15, “Who Rules America?” Part II.
7	http://www.ussliberty.Org//
8	“For Israel Lobby Group, War Is Topic A, Quietly,” Washington Post, April 1, 2003; p. A25
9	Brimelow, P, Alien Nation.
Mr Tyrone Crowley, Alabamian, is a retired Linguist.
The Foolishness of Banning Guns
Since handguns have been banned the serious violent crime rate in Britain has soared by 69%: robbery is up by 45% and murders up by 54%.
Australia has also seen its violent crime rates soar to rates similar to Britain's after its 1996 Port Arthur gun control measures. Violent crime rates averaged 32% higher in the six years after the law was passed (from 1997 to 2002) than they did the year before the law in 1995. Armed robbery rates showed increases of 74%.
20 Southern hvonti
Vol. 9 • Vo. 2
The Love Song of Zig Zag Zell, or Whither Thou, Yellow Dog?
(Continued from page one) by Randall Ivey
Anyone familiar with the late Georgia Senator Herman Talmadge's marvelously entertaining autobiography, co-authored with Mark Winchell. will recall the crucial passage involving Talmadge's 1980 re-election bid. Dogged by questions of ethical improprieties and his alcoholism, Talmadge nevertheless seemed a sure bet for a fifth term, especially with native son Jimmy Carter atop the presidential ticket. Yet he had opposition. On the Republican side was Yankee transplant Mack Mattingly, a wealthy former IBM executive. But there was a Democratic challenger too, in the form of Lieutenant Governor Zell Miller, a conspicuous figure in Peach State politics since the early 1960's, when he won a north Georgia state senate seat and later served in the gubernatorial administrations of both Carter and Lester Maddox. Talmadge was one of those authentic Dixie Democrats whom Joseph Scotchie writes about, whose predilections and preferences were decidedly Jeffersonian, so it would have been hard to run to the Senator's right and be successful. Miller did not try. He flanked Talmadge on the left, a tack Carter himself was taking in the national campaign against Ronald Reagan and a position not unknown to Miller during his career up to then. Indeed Miller had earned the epithet "Zig Zag Zell' for his feats of political prestidigitation, swerving from one ideological polarity to another, whenever it suited his ambition at the time. Perhaps Miller's most notorious bit of public pronouncement up to that point was his denunciation of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, herded through Congress by another political chameleon, LBJ, and supported by only one Georgian, Representative Charles Weltner of Atlanta. Now, some forty years later, when the ‘Civil Rights’ industry has a firm chokehold on proper political opinion in this country and even supposed ’conservative' Republicans like ‘Georgian’ Newt Gingrich hold up Martin Luther King, Jr., as a role model. Miller recants those ‘hurtful words’ of ’64 and pays proper obeisance to the notion of generated equality as a constitutional entitlement.
Herman Talmadge went on to defeat Zig Zag Zell in the Democratic primary but lost to Mattingly in the
general. Certainly the internecine warfare waged by
Miller, at a time when party unity was most crucial.
helped contribute to that loss.
So, now, twenty-four years later, there is a strange
sense of deja vu all over again. Miller has seen fit once
again to turn upon the party which has given him
sustenance these past four decades. His in-house scolding
takes the form of a book, the aforementioned Notional
Party No More, whose thesis is that the Democratic
party has lost sight of its mission to represent the views
and values of everyday, ordinary Americans. The claim
is dubious at best: after all the Democrats basically tied
in the last presidential election and as of this writing are
on a numerical near- parity' with the GOP in the number
of governors, US representatives, and US senators.
Furthermore the largest state in the nation, California,
despite the entrance of knight-errant Arnold
Schwarzenegger, remains a Democratic bastion, as does
the Northeast and much of the upper Mid-west. A more
appropriate title for Miller’s book would have been A
Southern Party No More, for surely the Dems, once the
undisputed political champions of committed
Southerners, have suffered (and continue to suffer) an
alarming decline in their fortunes south of the Mason
Dixon line. However, one can easilv envision Miller’s
7 •/
publishers’ decrying such a title as too ‘provincial’ and too ‘regional.’ A National Party No More just sounds more ominous and more profitable.
Except for its opening chapters, in which Miller recalls the truly inspirational story of his upbringing in the northern mountains of Georgia by his feisty and very political mother, A National Party No More is a basically worthless book. After the autobiographical chapters, it dissolves into a series of mini-essays which allow Miller to establish his ‘conservative’ credentials. We read of his staunch support of the Second Amendment, his ongoing love affair with tax cuts of all stripes, and his conversion from a pro-abortion position to an antiabortion one. In these pages, which really need a musical accompaniment of swelling strings and blaring brass for full effect, Zell rides in on his white steed, brandishing his mighty sword of common sense and traditional thinking against the leftist barbarians who have overtaken the Democratic party in the last thirty years and shut out ‘conservative’ Democrats such as himself. This is all well and good, but again, anyone familiar with Miller’s past cannot help but cringe at all this breastbeating and this repeated identification of himself as ‘conservative.’ It just sounds ... wrong.
After all this is the man who attempted to remove the Confederate symbol from the Georgia state flag a dozen
21 St>utham Izvartts
years ago and nearly lost his governorship on account of it This is the man w ho spoke in favour of Bill Clinton's nomination in 1992 and gave a stem-winding speech in the process that left no doubt this man was a Clinton Democrat of the first order. This is the man who has proudly sponsored 'hate crimes' legislation in the US Senate and time and time again as governor of Georgia has used the offices of government to 'better' the lives of its citizens. What has happened here? Do we have a ease of genuine conversion? Has Miller, like Paul, seen that life-changing, vision-changing light on the road to Damascus?
Very likely not. Forgive my cynicism, but I take Zell's current stance, embodied in his 'book,' as just another zag in the long, curious career of a man who, I am happy to report, will be doing Georgia and the nation a huge favour by hanging up his political cudgels one last time this November. In the meantime, though, he cannot resist a last grab for the spotlight. He is like a child insatiable for attention, and the best way for him to get it is to latch onto the coat-tails of a popular President (popular circa 2001-2002; as of this writing W's poll ratings are slipping precipitously as he seeks a second term). Not only has he become Mr Bush’s chief Democratic water boy in the Senate, Miller has gone all out, not only endorsing Bush for re-election, but giving the most 'fire-eating' speech at the Republican convention. He has become a folk hero to media neoconservatives and Republican stalwarts, people who vigorously fought to defeat him in 1994, by making a spectacle of himself and sticking his thumb in the eyes of Tom Daschle and John Kerry and declaring Bush's re-election the great hope of the world in the next five years. He is one of the Senate's most vociferous supporters of Bush’s 'War on Terror' and in his 'book' even goes so far as to rank Bush among history's 'soldiers of peace,’ right along with Bush compatriot Tony Blair and such historic personages as Winston Churchill and perennial American liberal icon Rosa Parks. Such pronouncements give the reader a true test of the depth of Miller's 'conservatism'.
According to the book's publisher and its author, A National Party No More is a dose of ‘tough love' and an attempt to move the Democratic party back to the political mainstream. Again, such a claim rings hollow in the light of Miller's endorsing Bush before the Democrats had chosen (heir presidential standard-bearer. Of course Miller has every right to criticize his party, but it is his manner of doing so that reveals his self-aggrandizement. A comparison with Miller to other apostate Democrats from the past clearly marks the difference between
Vol. 9 • No.
principle and mere preening. A case in point would be the late, redoubtable US Senator Harry F. Byrd, Sr (D-Virginia). During the 1960 presidential contest. Byrd did not rant and rave against JFK; he merely erected his famed wall of 'golden silence,' neither denouncing Kennedy nor endorsing Nixon, to show his preference. It was a stance he resumed four years later during the LBJ-Goldw^ater match. Senator Richard Russell (D-Georgia), to my mind the ideal Southern Democrat, similarly kept mum during the 1964 election, but he voted for Johnson (and four years later for Humphrey ), even though it pained his Jeffersonian heart to do so. He was a party man to the end.
This is not to imply that Miller has no point. A National Party No More, if it serves any purpose at all beyond nabbing ifs author further media attention, reiterates the wide gulf that exists between the Democrats and the South. This chasm appeared long before the arrival of Zell Miller upon the scene. The first blow against the Solid South came in 1948, when the National Democratic party included a 'civil rights' plank in its platform, thus driving out scores of conservatives who reconvened in Montgomery to form the States Rights Democratic Party' and field its own presidential candidate, J. Strom Thurmond of South Carolina. The tear continued to widen through the fifties and sixties, epitomized by the US House’s decision in 1965 to strip two Southern Democrats of their seniority for supporting Goldwater over Johnson. One of these men, Mississippi's John Bell Williams, eventually quit Congress and went home to run for and win the Mississippi governorship; the other, South Carolina's Albert Watson, switched parties and ran successfully for re-election as a Republican. (No similar action was taken against the black liberal Congressman from Harlem, Adam Clayton Powell, when he endorsed Republican Eisenhower over Democrat Stevenson in the 1950’s.) By the 1970’s such stalwarts as Byrd, Russell, Williams, Judge Howard W. Smith of Virginia, and William Colmer of Mississippi had faded from the scene. Those Southern conservatives who remained found themselves increasingly outnumbered by left-wing liberal Democrats, especially in the wake of the Watergate scandal Old-line Southern Congressmen such as Bob Poage of Texas and F. Edw ard Hebert of Louisiana were cast out of their committee chairmanships because they were too conservative and not photogenic enough. Others, like Texas' George Mahon simply retired, to be, eventually, replaced by a Republican.
My own favourite United States congressman from this period, an obscure Virginian named David E.
22 St >ot hem Izwnls
Vo‘~ 9 • No. 2
Satterfield (D-Richmond) was one of the few holdouts. A true man of principle, Satterfield voted a staunchly conservative line, opposing everything from abortion to school vouchers. He was a ‘good Democrat,' he once told a Richmond reporter, in the sense that Jefferson would define the w ord. His unassailable popularity would have insured a career stretching well into the 1990's. But when he was repeatedly passed over for an important subcommittee chairmanship, despite his experience and knowledge, in favour of the unctuous and irredeemably liberal Henry Waxman of California, et al., Satterfield chose to resign in 1980. He could have switched parties, a la Albert Watson and Phil Gramm, and been handsomely re-elected, but he didn't. He could have raved and ranted against his party, but he didn't. He chose the gentleman's route and simply, quietly resigned.
Do any authentic Southern Democrats remain on the scene? In ‘Southerners First,’ Dr Scotchie cites Robert B\Td (D-West Virginia) as the sole surviving exemplar of this venerable tradition. I w ould add a couple of other names from the United States House of Representatives: Charles Stenholm (D-Texas) and Gene Taylor (D-Mississippi). Stenholm of Stamford, who faces another tough re-election bid this year in George Bush's Texas, to my mind exemplifies all the laudatory qualities of the Southern Democrat. He's the real deal (as Byrd is in the Senate). He has drawn the ire of conservative Republicans lately because he has not switched parties or marched lockstep with Tom DeLay and his minions. In other words, he has had the gall to think for himself. He sees loyalty as a traditional value. He wants to fight his philosophical battles in the party' of his fathers and even once opposed Tip O'Neil as Speaker of the House not for political gain but to make the point that those remaining conservative Southerners in the Democratic caucus should be treated more fairly. He had the courage to vote to impeach his party 's standard-bearer in 1998. He is a man of impeccable integrity and moral traditionalism. Furthermore he has the sunny and easy Southern sense of humor lacking in too many dour-faced. puritanical Republicans. If he loses his seat come November, due to the machinations of DeLay and Company, the US Congress will be much diminished. By the same token Gene Taylor of St. Bay Louis, is the maverick Zell Miller can only dream of being. He is a fire-breathing populist who also resisted Republican blandishments to switch parties He saw Newt Gingrich for what he really was and had the courage early in his career to oppose George Bush I's foray into Iraq in 1991. Still he is as staunch a cultural and fiscal conservative as one is likely to find in the present-day US House.
Sadly there are too few Stenholms and Taylors and too many ‘moderate’ Democrats who view abortion as some sacred entitlement and ‘conservative Republicans who think the way to attain freedom is by shredding the Constitution.
Where does that leave the rest of us who are otherwise-directed?
I will admit to the anomalous circumstance of being a Southern Jeffersonian Democrat when such an affiliation seems at best quixotic. I was raised in a family of traditional Southerners. My grandfather voted for LBJ over Goldwater not because he favoured The Great Society but because he despised the party of Lincoln and its heritage of War, Reconstruction, and Depression. The small South Carolina upcountrv county where I was bom and presently reside is a Democratic bastion in an increasingly Republican state, yet the folks here remain Democrats not because they are liberal but because they are conservative and cherish the past. We call ourselves ‘Union County Democrats,’ not National Democrats because we know it is the national party which has delivered the party and the nation into its present woes. We are not fools. We will vote the third-party or Republican ticket if we think it is in the best interest of our community and our nation. We know it is the national Democratic party, the supposed ‘liberal' party; the ‘big tent' party, the party of ‘diversity’ which nevertheless denies free speech to anyone, even its own elected officials, who speak other than the party orthodoxy, which has turned its back on its Southern antecedents and abandoned the philosophy of its founders, Jefferson and Jackson.
We do not need self-serving pols like Senator Miller with their self-serving books to tell us that.
Dr Randall Ivey is a published author and poet of Georgia.
Southern Events
Yearly subscriptions to this quarterly $16.00 P O Box 2517 Selma, AL 36702-2517 Our Website:
www.southernevents.org
James Butler's Journal
>sar
«■■■■
Nation of Bedlam: Scapegoating Whites
Occasionally it comes up: what's the difference between Islam and the Nation of Islam (aka Black Muslims)? Allow me to take a crack at an answer.
The religion of Islam was founded around 600 AD by Mohammed of Arabia, who claimed to be God’s prophet. Islam’s main holy work is the Koran. The central tenet of Islam is that 'there is no god but God (Allah) and Mohammed is his Prophet.' Islam is generally considered to be one of the three major monotheistic religions, along with Judaism and Christianity.
The Nation of Islam is a black supremacist sect. It was founded by Wallace Ford (Wali Farad Muhammad) in Detroit in 1930. The NOI faithful believe that Wali is 'God in Person.'
Wali was succeeded by Elijah Muhammad (bom Elijah Poole in Sandersville, Georgia). Elijah’s successor was to be Malcom X. But Malcolm began to drift away from the NOI. He was gunned down in New York in 1965, likely in a plot hatched by the current NOI potentate, Louis Farrakhan.
I don’t think anybody (except maybe its members) considers the NOI to be a major religion. And if the Koran lacks dimension, coherence, and erudition, the 'theology' of the Nation of Islam is downright deranged. In summary, the NOI teaches that God is black, and that blacks are the supreme intelligence of the universe. White people were created by a black scientist, Yacub, who 'grafted' the white man out of the brown 'germ' inside a black man. White folks are a 'race of devils' who are destined to rule the world for 6,000 years. The NOI expects the black messiah (Wali) to arrive and exterminate the white devils, whereupon America will become an earthly paradise for blacks.
Let us now defer to a speech by Malcom X, c. 1962. Due to lack of space we can only look at a fraction of its disjointed lunacy (much improved by editing).
'The Honourable Elijah Muhammad says after these devils got grafted, now we re not going to call them white anymore. These aren’t white people. You're not using the right language when you say the white man. You call it the devil. When you call him the devil you are calling him by his name -serpent; snake; beast. All these names are in the Bible for the white man.
'The Honorable Elijah Muhammad says that the white man went down into the caves of Europe and he lived there for 2,000 years on all fours. By being on all fours, the end of their spine began to grow. They grew a little tail that came out from the end of their spine. Oh yes, this was the white man, brother, up in the caves of Europe. He had a tail that long.
'The Honourable Elijah Muhammad says that at the end of2,000 years the scientists in the East sent a prophet up there, from Mecca, to teach the white race, the race of devils, how to become civilized again. The name of that prophet was Moses.
'Moses never went down into Egypt. Moses went into the caves of Europe and civilized the white man. He told him that he was supposed to rule for 6,000 years, and at the end of time one would come who would destroy the whole white race.
'Moses taught them this. And this is why when the Jews, 2,000 years later thought that Jesus was the Messiah they put him to death because they knew when the Messiah came he was going to destroy that whole race of devils. But they made a mistake because Jesus wasn’t the Messiah. Their time wasn’t up. Their time would not be up until 2,000 years later, the day and the time that we’re living in right now.
'So, brothers and sisters, I just wanted to point out that the white man, a race of devils, was made 6,000 years ago. This doesn’t mean to tell you that this implies any kind of hate. They’re just a race of devils.'
He’s not implying any kind of hate. That’s good to hear. I guess we can then assume that the Death Angels, a group within the NOI, were not motivated by hate when they murdered seventy-one (71) 'grafted snakes' (i.e., white people) in San Francisco between 1972 and 1974. The NOI, under the leadership of Farrakhan, provided legal representation for the (convicted) Zebra Killings defendants.
24 StHtlhom iz t'onts
Vol. 9	2
All this was forgotten by the 1990s, as Farrakhan reached his peak of fame and legitimacy. The Clinton administration awarded an NOl front company with a mutli-million dollar contract to provide 'security' in northern housing projects. The NOI also benefited as Bill Clinton stoked racial tensions over the phony Southern church burnings’ story, and otherwise did his best to keep (white) racism in the forefront of the national consciousness.
In the mid-nineties Barbara Walters interviewed Farrakhan on prime time network TV. Seated in pseudo-Islamic splendour, the smooth-talking Calypso Louey (lie used to be a real 'day-o. day-o' calypso singer) fielded whifflcball questions about black self-reliance.
But Louis blew his chance at the big time by later referring to Jews as 'bloodsuckers' and Judaism as a 'gutter religion.' The 1996 Million Man March, despite an appearance by NAACP President Kweisi Mufume, did little to alter the image of the NOI as a gang of psychotic Kingfishes.
(Though CNN did feature Farrakhan in its Voices of the Millennium series in 2000. much to the chagrin of the Anti-Defamation League. Imagine the panic that must hav e ensued at the at the series' sponsor. United Airlines).
In 1995, Qubilah Shabazz, Malcolm X's daughter (named after Shabazz. another ancient black scientist) was arrested for arranging to murder Farrqkhan, whom she said murdered her daddy.
In June 1997, Qubilah's teenaged son Malcolm set fire to his grandmother's (Betty Shabazz, Malcolm's wife) New York apartment. She died from her burns.
A front-page headline in the New' York Post mourned the 'Beloved Shabazz.' Her death was reported on network news.
One would wish that the Yankee love-hate relationship with the NOI would remain localized. But alas. New York sensibilities have long tentacles.
In August 1997, the NOI set up a chapter in Huntsville, Alabama (my town). The New York-owned 'local' newspaper thought it was a wonderful idea that the NOI would be 'tutoring' kids at a middle school.
I would venture to guess that numerous other 'local' media welcomed the NOI into other cities. (Though I like to think that Farrakhan won t make much progress among the good Christian black folk of the South).
The establishment has yet to mainstream Farrakhan. but it continues to push another Yankee favourite son, A1 Sharpton, into the limelight. In 1992, At Kean University in New Jersey, the Reverend A1 had this to sav about black (and white) people: Wc were the masters of the universe. That s a historical fact. That ain t racism.
That's facts. White folks was in the cave when we had built empires.'
Obviously not racism. After all, the Ne\v York Times (and Phil Donahue, Bill Cosby, and 60 Minutes, among others) had declared Sharpton to be a legitimate 'civil rights leader.' And Hillary Clinton, the last person in the vvorld to condone racism, inv ited Sharpton to tea at the White House.
Sharpton has the deaths of more than a dozen people on his hands, and the blood of thousands injured in race riots he helped stir up in New- York (Bensonhurst. Crown Heights, Freddy's Fashion Mart). This is the man whose hateful, witless, pornographic mind was behind the (almost) unbelievably ugly Tavvana Brawley affair.
But Sharpton w as elevated from 'civil rights leader' to Democratic Party presidential candidate, and speaker at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. Amazing what some people can get away with.
To this day Malcolm X receives the same treatment, posthumously. It doesn't matter that he believed and repeated the sort of florid-schizophrenic rant we sampled above to tens of thousands of susceptible northern blacks, or that much of today's racial enmity can be traced to Malcolm's NOI, and the NOI of today.
Malcolm is now revered for having gone to Mecca, discovered real Islam, and become a budding 'civil rights activist.' He's a genuine American hero, recently honoured on a US postage stamp.
If you were around during the 60s, you heard a lot about Muhammad Ali. In 1964 he (Cassius Clay), 'converted to Islam.' Actually, Clay, inspired byr Malcom X, joined the Nation of Islam. None other than the Honorable Elijah Muhammad bestowed upon him his new 'Muslim' name.
Later we heard (and still read) that it was his 'Islamic faith' that inspired his decision to avoid the draft. No wonder such confusion exists as to the difference between Islam and the NOL One thing's for sure. The Yankee establishment was not at all hesitant to make an 'American icon' out of someone who was at least intimately associated w ith a sect that believes white people to be devils - the same establishment that continues to demonise white Southerners as racist.
Janies Butler of Huntsville. Alabama is a writer, musician anil regular contributor to Southern Events,'
A little philosophy inclineth a man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.' - Lord Bacon

25 Southern Invents
Jeff Adams
+ + +
The Origin of Liberty
Now the Lord is the Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is libertv.' - 2 Corin.3:17
Wm
m
The founding fathers spoke much about liberty. They understood the foundations and true origin of liberty, as did their children and grandchildren. Today many people talk of liberty in our society. The difference between the talk and what our forefathers understood is that many speakers of it today lack any real knowledge of where liberty originates and what it really means.
Our politicians use the word 'liberty' quite often, but their actions are usually contrary to the expansion of or guaranteeing of liberty. It makes me think of the movie 'The Princess Bride,' where the Spaniard, Inigo, comments early in the movie on his companion Vizzini's repeated use of the word ‘inconceivable.’ Inigo says, 'you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.' I think you could say that line to our politicians when they talk about 'liberty.'
What is liberty? Look at the definition first.
Lib •er*ty 1 : the quality or state of being free: a : the power to do as one pleases b : freedom from physical restraint c : freedom from arbitrary or despotic control d : the positive enjoyment of various social, political, or economic rights and privileges e : the power of choice Look at this definition. Is this what our politician’s mean when they' speak of 'liberty?’ Perhaps it is what our forefathers meant, but it isn’t something our current political leaders mean, if they even understand what the word really means. They do not wish us true liberty, but dependency on the state.
Libertv, as traditionally understood and meant in America, comes from the Christian foundations of our culture. Therefore, true liberty cannot exist, as the founders intended, without our society being firmly grounded in the faith of the Gospels. I'm sure there are those who will question this position. For their sake, I took the time to search the scriptures for references to ‘liberty.’
I found that the concept of liberty, in various forms, appeared in the Old Testament at least seven times, and

in the New Testament at least twelve times. Out of these instances, there are at least half a dozen times that the word ‘liberty’ is used in a manner that clearly provides the foundation for the understanding our forefathers had that drove them to fight for independence (in 1776 as well as in 1861, on the Southern side of course). Surely the Christian foundations were where the colonial rebels got their understanding of liberty. After all, the founders clearly stated that our rights are derived from God, not government or man. Liberty is a key, fundamental right, according to the founders. We have been losing liberties in America for decades. Slowly at first, but the ball is picking up speed. I see as one of the fundamental reasons for this is the movement of American society, as a whole, from having a Christian foundation to having a humanistic foundation. The lack ^influence by the Holy Spirit on the lives of individuals lias led to a rebellious spirit in our land. Not the kind of rebelliousness that is reminiscent of the colonials or the Confederates, but a rebelliousness against God's law. ,|We see the results all around us. The volume of rapes,
I n
murders, abductions, molestations, divorce, adultery, the 4£ck of integrity in business and the advocacy of Perversion (homosexuality, pedophilia, bestiality). These Perverse, immoral actions camiot stand and liberty still sway. Freedom to embrace all manners of immorality and unethical behavior is not liberty. True liberty demands self-control, discipline, and an immutable standard. That standard is God’s Word in the Bible. The Biblical standard is what created the environment in Western Christian Civilization that brought about societal advances, and thereby provided a truly stable environment that was conducive to advances in the sciences and forms of government that increased liberty. The West is in decline now because of its rejection of those immutable standards. Liberty is fading in the west as Christianity is rejected. As the West becomes more socialistic, liberty is receding. This is because socialism promotes worship of the state and rejection of God. True liberty' cannot exist where God is not welcomed.
All things happen in God’s good time, and to His design. Whether liberty in America is to be regained or lost is ultimately up to God. One thing is for certain: If we continue on the present course toward humanism and socialism, liberty will not be part of our way of life. Only by putting our faith in Him with whom liberty originates can we hope to see it again.
Mr Jeff Adams, Texan, is a regular contributor to SE.
WHY THE CULTURE WAR AGAINST THE SOUTH IS REALLY A WAR AGAINST THE U.S. CONSTITUTION
In these confused times, some Southerners believe what the liberal media have taught them to believe: that fighting (lawfully) to preserve our Confederate heritage (i.e., the belief system and values of the Old South) is showing disloyalty to America.
Those Southerners have been suckered into believing that states’ rights is really racism; that a strong aversion to socialist government is really a complete disregard for the welfare of the blacks and other disadvantaged minorities; and that a repugnance toward global government is really a selfish repudiation of world peace.
But in fact, today the U.S. Constitution is under all-out attack by the liberals who dominate the media and academia and much of government, in the fiercest culture-war ever waged anywhere. And the main battleground in their culture war is the conservative Christian South, because we are the people who believe most strongly in the U.S. Constitution, as written and ratified initially.
Therefore, to thwart the liberals by defending and promoting our Confederate heritage is actually the most-patriotic move that Southerners could make at this time. There is only one book available which explains, step by step, how the U.S. and the South got into this almighty mess, and how the South can get out of it now. That book is The South Under Siege 1830 - 2000/ A History of the Relations Betiveen the North and the Souths by Frank Conner. It describes clearly the ideological war which the North has been waging against the South for the past 17(r years. When you have read it, the events which are tearing the South apart today will be clearly understandable to you; and you will know how we can fight back^ITectively.
For details, or to order THE SOUTH UNDER SIEGE 1830 - 2000 by credit card, visit http://collards.phantacom.net. To order by mail, US residents (except Georgi-ans) please send check or money order for $34.95 (Georgians send $37.40) to Col-lards Publishing Co., P.O. Box 71996, Newnan, Georgia 30271. Postage is prepaid.
CONFEDERATE BOOKSELLERS: The booksellers who are now carrying this book are reordering it steadily. If you are interested, please visit the website above, go to the “Terms of Sale” section, scroll to the bottom, click on the site below “Questions”, and then ask for Collards Publishing Company’s terms to booksellers.