Vol. 7 No. 1
First Issue of 2002
ou
ern
Events

Slave Reparations vs. History
by Michael C. Tuggle
In Pilgrim’s Progress, Faithful tells Christian about his encounter with an old man whose ‘work was many delights.’ The old man promised Faithful treasure and the favours of his three lusty daughters. Faithful confessed he Was tempted, but then ‘it came burning hot into my mind, that, whatever he said, and however he flattered, when he got me home to his house he would sell me for a slave.’
False flattery, empty promises, and historical distortion constitute the bait the ‘Slave Reparations’ movement uses to entrap its victims.
Charles J. Ogletree Jr.’s ‘Reparations about truth’ (April 6 New York Times Syndicate)—whose title proves that unintentional irony is the best-offers a tempting prize that must be recognised for what it is-a vicious trap. (Continued on page 6)
SPECIAL FEATURES
HORATIO SEYMOUR: NEW YORK GOVERNOR AND CONFEDERATE ALLY by John Chodes - page 10
RECONSTRUCTION AND THE ROSE BOWL - A Southern Team Had Never Before Been Invited, but the University of Alabama's 1926 Upset Win Had To Do With Much More Than Football by Gail Jarvis - page 18
The View from Monteagle
Honouring Andrew Lytle on the Occasion of His Centennial
by Joe Scotchie
‘f I 1here is only one comfort, and it is the only thing that has been A promised: The gates of hell will not finally prevail.’ So wrote Andrew Lytle at the end of his moving 1980 essay, ‘They Took Their Stand: The Agrarian View after Fifty Years.’ (Continued on page 22)
FACT SHEET ON MORRIS DEES AND THE SPLC • page 4
Dixie
Dystopia
by Clyde Wilson a book review
Just in case you have not heard, we are in the midst of a Culture War. Death by Journalism? is a battle report from the front lines. The Last Confederate Flag and Bedford: A World Vision are fictional near-future projections, in the spirit of Orwell, of how the war is going to end. Coming all at the same time, these
Vol. 7 • No. 1
2, Southern Erents
Southern Events
< 2002 All rights reserved .Southern Events is published quarter!) by the Alabama League of the South. Articles may be reproduced in entirety only, and credit must be gi\en to the author and Southern Events along with this line: ‘Subscriptions SIS yearly, P O Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517/ Opinions expressed herein are those of the w riter and are not necessarily League positions nor the positions of this journal. Ad rates are S80 full page, S50 half, S30 quarter. Southern Events uses Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness.
Dr Gary B. Mills, Univ. of Alabama History Professor, and League of the South Founding Member died in Jan. 2002 at the age of 57. Gary (affectionately known as ‘Big Doc’) was an outgoing and jovial ‘good ol' boy’ who just happened to have a Ph.D. He was also an SCV camp commander and an untiring spokesman for The Cause.
The League of the South Announces New Grey Book which will contain the League’s worldview, objectives, and strategy. The League leadership believes this document will be of great interest to, and provide.hope for, the Southern middle class and Dixie’s hard-pressed blue-collar workers.
Dixie Broadcasting, the Southern Movement's First Full Time Internet Radio Station will begin broadcasting 1 June 2002 using the latest streaming audio technology.
Special features include the 'Dixie Daily News' from Ron Holland, the Dixie Dispatch' of upcoming events from around the South, and 'Dixie Perspective' with live interviews. All kinds of Southern music and speeches will be featured.
An introductory subscription rate of S24.95 for six months of service is available. For more information call Ray McBerry (770) 957-8259. See www.dixiebroadcasting.com About half of all Southerners attend church weekly. Other parts of the US average slightly more than one-third. The ABCNews poll reported that 83% of adults in this country say they are Christians, but a Bama Poll taken in 2002 reported that only 22% of Americans answered yes to the question: ‘Is there absolute truth?’ Two years ago the same poll reported 38% answering yes to the question.
Confederate Battleflag Raised Over 1-75 Near White Springs, Florida. A 20-by-38-foot Battleflag now flies at the top of a 100 foot pole in full view of 1-75. SCV members and others raised $40,000 in donations to pay for the monument and flag on a donated parcel of private property.
A Virginia Federal Court Rules SCV License Tags with the Battleflag Logo Must Be Allowed along with other specialty tags. The State had litigated against it.
Wyatt Willis Suing Over Incident at the Alabama Capitol. The Southern activist from Prattville was arrested in December 2001 while holding a vigil protesting the lack of state flags on the state’s Christmas tree. He has filed a federal lawsuit against Gov. Siegelman and other state offi-
cials for violating his freedom of speech, for wrongful arrest and jailing, and that he was injured during his arrest.
Phony ‘Hate Crime’ Witness Confesses that Morris Dees Bought Perjury. The San Diego Times-Union was the only newspaper to cover the story of Greg Withrow this past August, who admitted that his allegation of being nailed to a cross, like a crucifixion, on 8 August 1987 was his own doing. He had 4 friends nail him to a cross and slightly cut his throat.
Withrow had testified against Tom Metzger in the highly publicized Portland case and falsely swore that Metzger told some Skinheads to beat up immigrants. Withrow now says that Morris Dees, of the SPLC paid him $1,500 to falsely testify against Metzger. He added that the only other witness against Metzger, David Mazella, also was paid by Dees to lie. As a result Metzger lost the suit, costing him his home and business. Withrow said that Mazella continued to receive thousands of dollars from Dees to keep his mouth shut during the five years Metzger spent appealing the case to the Supreme Court. Then Dees cut off Mazella’s slush fund.
Withrow has now filed a $32 million dollar suit against Dees and the Jewish Anti-Defamation League. At the time he alleged that Metzger had ordered unknown persons to carry out the ‘brutal attack.’ Withrow was financed by the ADL on a national speaking tour telling his phony story.
Withrow was featured in many newspaper accounts and in People Magazine. On 'Oprah' women wept as he related his tale. Actor Woody Harrelson paid Withrow for the movie rights to his story. Harrelson planned to play Withrow in the film. He even testified before a California Senate Judiciary Committee in 1993 to help pass state’s hate crime laws.
The following is reprintedfor educationalpurposes only: SOUTH USED AS FOIL FOR REST OF U.S. (UPI) -To preserve its illusion of national innocence, the US projects its ‘dark’ side onto the South, a Penn State geographer says.
For 10 years after his graduation from college, David R. Jansson worked in various university towns—Boston; Ithaca, N.Y.; Madison, Wis.; Berkeley, Calif. —that had reputations for being ‘progressive’ and ‘enlightened.’
‘These places had their differences,’ he told United Press International in a phone interview, ‘but one of the things I could count on was a common conception of the South, laigely among people who had never been there but who had very consistent ideas about what the South meant and what it stood for. This was the standard list of negative characteristics and stereotypes.’
Jansson enumerated those attributed traits in a presentation to the 98th Annual Meeting of the Association of American Geographers in Los Angeles last month. He said that in American national discourse, ‘the South tends to be represented as violent, racist, poor, intolerant, xenophobic, and dim-witted, among other things.’
He told UPI that during the decade he worked before beginning graduate studies, he found that people indulged in one of the last forms of bigotry acceptable in polite society.
Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 1
Those who wouldn’t dream of mocking other groups were comfortable making jokes about white Southerners.
Representing the South as backward endows America as a whole with the opposite qualities, he said. The vices that are reflexively associated with the South ‘become spatialized’ and are held to be uncharacteristic of the nation.
By this means, the United States can claim to stand for the exalted principles of the Enlightenment unblemished by skeletons in its own closet. American history, Jansson told the geographers, then can be seen as ‘unceasing progress and selfless efforts to improve the lot of all humanity.’ Southerners are often accused of being stuck in the past, but Jansson said this comes in part from an external assignment from the rest of America to act as its foil.
The American legend of innocence is built upon a shaky foundation, Jansson said. ‘Thus slavery is cast in Southern terms when it was more of a national experience than is generally acknowledged.’
Citing an essay by Dan Georgakas in the 1998 book The Meaning of Slavery in the North, Jansson told the geographers: ‘While most Americans have chosen to think of slavery as a regional aberration than a national phenomenon, in reality the so-called free states of the North were full partners in the viability of the slave society of the South.’ Jansson said that Univ. of Kentucky historian Joanne Pope Melish, in her 1998 book ‘Disowning Slavery,’ aigjaes that the mythology of a free New England remains potent in
academia as it does in American society as a whole. But Melish shows how otherwise careful historians tend to date the end of slavery in the North earlier than its actual demise.
In his presentation, Jansson reviewed some of the salient thoughts of C. Vann Woodward (1908-1999), the eminent Yale historian of the South. Woodward’s landmark work, ‘The Mind of the South,’ was published in 1969, at the height of the Vietnam War. Jansson said Woodward viewed Southern history not as the stories in dusty old library volumes, but rather as the collective experience in which the Southern people find their distinctiveness.
‘This history includes Southern poverty in the face of American abundance,’ Jansson said. In 1969 the United States had never ‘lost’ a war, but the Confederacy had been defeated and occupied. Dealing with real tragedy had set the South apart. The myths of innocence, omniscience and ‘social felicity’ were not operating assumptions in Dixie.
Woodward argued that America needs the sobering influence of Southern history, ‘a heritage that is far more closely in line with the common lot of mankind than the national legends of opulence and success and innocence.’
But Jansson concluded his presentation with the observation that the United States, even with the reverses it has suffered since 1969, remains resistant to Woodward’s message. ‘In fact, the chasm that separates the history of America from the history of the South cannot be crossed without causing a rupture in the American national identity,’ he said.
In Memory Of Dr Gary B. Mills
This memorial has been provided by an anonymous donor
4 Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 1
FACT SHEET
MORRIS DEES & the SOUTHERN POVERTY LAW CENTER
Compiled by a coalition of individuals; courtesy HPA
Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center are much in the news as a source of information on Southern Heritage groups and personalities. In many cases the information is treated as if it is from an unbiased source. In order to assist the public and the media to understand the lack of credibility, lack of character, the very real bias and left of center agenda of Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center, the following is submitted: Full name: Morris Seligman Dees, Jr. Bom: December 16,1936 in Shorter, Macon County, Alabama. Graduated from Sidney Lanier High School in Montgomery, Alabama in 1955. Received B.A. & J.D. Law degree (1960) from University of Alabama.
In an article titled ‘Poverty Palace’ Morris Dees told journalist John Edgerton that ‘I had a traditional white Southerner’s feeling for segregation.’ (The Progressive, July 1988 - Edgerton, John. ‘Poverty Palace, How the SPLC Got Rich Fighting the Klan’)
Dees made a fortune selling cookbooks by mail in partnership with Millard Fuller. (Fuller later founded Habitat for Humanity. Dees and Fuller formed the law firm of Dees & Fuller in Montgomery, Alabama in 1960.) (Fuller, Millard. Bokotola. New Century Press: 1977) Fuller said this about his 8 year association with Dees: ‘Morris Dees and I, from the first day of our partnership, shared one overriding purpose: to make a pile of money. We were not particular about how we did it; we just wanted to be independently rich. During the eight years we worked together we never wavered in that resolve.’
‘But eveiything has a price. And I paid for our success in several ways. One price I paid was estrangement from the church.’
Dees served in 1958 as state campaign manager for segregationist attorney general candidate McDonald Gallion and also worked for George C. Wallace. Fuller stated: ‘We wanted to be sure of having friends in high places.’
In 1961 when the Freedom Riders were beaten by a white mob at a Montgomery bus station, Dees (and Fuller) expressed openly his sympathies and support for what had happened at the bus station.
When one of the men charged with beating the Freedom Riders came to their office for legal representation, Dees and Fuller took the case. The legal fee was paid by the Ku Klux Klan and the White Citizen’s Council. (Fuller, Millard. Love in the Mortar Joints. New Century Press: 1980 and The Progressive, July 1988)
Dees founded the Southern Poverty Law Center in 1971 with Joseph Levin (who left the SPLC in 1976) and Julian Bond(resigned late 1970’s). (Articles of Incorporation. Southern Poverty Law Center, Inc.)
Dees acted as Chief fundraiser for George McGovern’s 1972 presidential campaign in return for the campaign’s mailing list. He raised $20 million for McGovern. (Burlington Times, July 30, 1975. The Progressive, July 1988.)
Dees was arrested and removed from court in 1975 for attempting to suborn perjury (bribing a witness) in the Joan Little murder trial in North Carolina. Little, a black convict, was accused of killing a prison guard with an ice-pick. The felony charge against Dees was subsequently dropped, but the presiding judge, Hamilton Hobgood, refused to re-admit Dees to the case. The refusal was upheld on appeal after the Supreme Court of the United States refused to hear Dees appeal. (Ibid.)
‘The great untold story of the JoAnn Little trial was the role of the Communist Party, through its National Alliance Against Racist and Political Repression, in controlling the entire political movement surrounding the case. Angela Davis, a leading figure in both organizations became the most frequently quoted movement figure and constant companion of JoAnn Little... Party members were visible and influential on the defense committee, and the party frequently set up rallies of support around the country.’ (Columbia Journalism Review. Pirsky, Mark. March/April, 1976.)
Dees fund-raised for Jimmy Carter in 1976 hoping to be named Attorney-General, but was unenthused by the campaign for its middle of the road appeal ‘You’ve got to have a candidate who is way out on the extremes!’ (The Progressive, July 1988.)
Dees acted as a fundraiser for both Ted Kennedy’s 1980 and Gary Hart’s 1984 presidential campaigns and received their mailing lists as reward. (Ibid.)
Perhaps explaining the SPLC’s ‘Gay’ rights activism, Dees was cited in 1979 by his ex-wife with a homosexual encounter during their marriage. She also cited numerous affairs with women including his daughter-in-law and underage stepdaughter. (Alabama Court of Civil Appeals CIV 2114, 1979)
The SPLC’s fundraising practices have provoked the
O Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 1
disapproval of watchdog groups that monitor charities: In 1993, the American Institute of Philanthropy assigned the SPLC a ‘D’ grade on a scale of A to F. (American Institute of Philanthropy 1993 Charity Watchdog Report) ‘By frequently mailing out such persuasive appeals, Dees and his associates have drawn financial support from about half a million Americans (by 1988). The number of contributors and the amount they have given are probably greater than any left-of-center group has recorded in a comparable period in the history of American philanthropy.’ (The Progressive, July 1988.)
Randall Williams who formed Klanwatch in 1981 as part of the SPLC’s said in 1988: ‘We were sharing information with the FBI, the police, undercover agents. Instead of defending clients and victims we were more of a super snoop outfit, an arm of law enforcement. Randall and four staff attorney’s resigned from the Center in 1986. (Ibid.)
In 1994 the Montgomery Advertiser won a journalism award for a series of incisive and penetrating investigative articles exposing the unethical fundraising practices of Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center including: Since August 1, 1984, the Law Center has taken in about $62 million in contributions and yet only spent about $21 million on actual programs, according to federal tax records.
In a series of fund-raising letters the Law Center implied it forced the United Klan’s of American to pay $7 million to the mother of lynching victim Michael Donald in 1987. Beulah Mae Donald actually received only $51,874.70 from the Klansmen. The Law Center collected millions as the result of fund-raising letters about the case.
The Montgomery Advertiser conducted a ‘random sampling of donors—people who receive a steady stream of fund-raising letters and newsletters—showed they had no idea the Law Center was so wealthy.’
‘They’re drowning in their own affluence,’ Pamela Summers, a former SPLC legal fellow told The Montgomery Advertiser. ‘What they are doing in the legal department is not done for the best interest of everybody [but] is done as though the sole, overriding goal is to make money.’‘I think people associate the SPLC with.going to court. And that’s why they get the money. And they don’t go to court.’ There have only been a handful of court cases over the years, many of which remain unresolved.
The SPLC which has crusaded for the rights of blacks
for 23 years, is controlled by whites. It has hired only two black staff attorneys in its history, both of whom left unhappy. 12 of 13 former Black employees interviewed by the Montgomery Advertiser complained they experienced or observed racial problems during their employment. Several said the SPLC was ‘more like a plantation.’(Montgomery Advertiser. Feb. 13-14,1994.)
In 1986 the entire SPLC legal staff resigned in protest of Dees refusal to address issues such as poverty, homelessness, voter registration and other issues they considered more pertinent to poor minorities rather than to get rich fighting a Klan chimera.(Harpers Magazine. Silverstein, Ken. ‘The Church of Morris Dees.’ November 2000.)
The Birmingham News has also investigated Dees and the SPLC in 1994 and found the following:
Christine Lee, a Harvard Law School alumnus who interned at the Center in 1989, ‘I would definitely say that there was not a single black employee with whom I spoke who was happy to be working there.’ ‘As I was told, they don’t need black people telling them how to handle black issues,’ Lee said.
Dees responded: ‘We don’t have black slots and white slots. Probably the most discriminated people in American today are white men when it comes to jobs because there are more of those who had more education opportunities and who the test scores show are scoring better and on paper look more qualified. That’s why you have so many reverse discrimination cases around.’ (Birmingham News. Feb. 17, 1994.)
The USA Today reported in 1996 that Dees’ Southern Poverty Law Center was the ‘nations richest civil rights organization’ with $68 million in assets. (USA Today. Aug. 3, 1996) Today it is closer to its stated goal of a $100 million endowment.
In the same article Stephen Bright, one of Dees numerous former associates told a reporter that Dees is ‘a fraud who has milked a lot of very wonderful, well intentioned people.’ (Ibid.)
At a news conference in Washington in April 1996, Dees announced that ‘Those [black] churches that have been burned in the South were certainly burned by racists.’ After subsequent investigation revealed there was no rash of black church burnings, many newspapers, including The Charlotte Observer, concluded that Dees ‘misinformed’ the press. (Charlotte Observer. October 10,1996.)	(Continued	next	page)

‘He (Dees) is the Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker of the civil rights movement, though I don’t mean to malign Jim and Tammy Faye.’ - Millard Farmer, Dees former associate

6 Southern k cents
Dees has actively campaigned for for laws in which ‘associations of two or more persons’ who train in the use of firearms for defensive purposes are declared ‘illegal militias.’ (Selected Speeches and Writings of Morris Dees.)
Dees is well known for putting ‘Hate on Trial’ in the 1990 Portland. Oregon civil trial of extremist Tom Metzger. One of the witnesses in that trial, Greg Withrow, now says Dees suborned peijury by paying witnesses (and then hush money for another 5 years) for their testimony. (San Diego Times Union. August 25, 2002.)
Dees & the SPLC defames the entire Southern Heritage Community by labeling them ‘Neo-Confederates.’ (SPLC Intelligence Update. Summer 2000)
Dees assaulted an elderly journalist at a symposium sponsored by the University of West Florida, Pensacola, Florida on January 12, 2002. The journalist had asked Dees a ‘bad question.’ Dees then had the journalist physically hauled out of the building by two policemen. (The First Freedom. February, 2002.)
An excerpt from
THE CHURCH OF MORRIS DEES
by Ken Silverstein Harper’s Magazine, Nov. 2000
The SPLC is already the wealthiest civil
rights group in America____Solicitations
have been ... flagrantly misleading. One pitch, sent out in 1995 - when the Center had more than $60 million in reserves -informed would-be donors that the ’strain on our current operating budget is the greatest in our 25-year history.’ Back in 1978, when the Center had less than $10 million, Dees promised that his organization would quit fund-raising and live off interest as soon as its endowment hit $55 million. But as it approached that figure, the SPLC upped the bar to $100 million, a sum that, one 1989 newsletter promised, would allow the Center ’to cease the costly and often unreliable task of fund raising.’ Today, the SPLC’s treasury bulges with $120 million, and it spends twice as much on fund-raising - $5.76 million last year -as it does on legal services for victims of civil rights abuses.
Vol. 7 • No. 1
Slave Reparations vs. History
(Continued from page one) by Mike Tuggle
First of all, Ogletree’s claim that slavery somehow exerted an ‘enduring and detrimental effect’ on American blacks is clearly false. The statistics commonly offered to substantiate the charge that slavery somehow exerted an ‘enduring and detrimental effect’ on American blacks dwell on present-day disparities in black versus white achievement. For instance, we’re told that the continuing breakdown of black families is the direct legacy of slavery, since enslaved families were routinely split up and sold. In fact, slave families were almost always kept together, and in 1870, only 5 years after slavery was abolished, 80% of black children lived in two-parent homes. The black illegitimacy rate hovered around 20% for decades; by 1950, it had dropped to 9%. In 1965, however, the Federal Government decided to take an interest in black families. Over 400 new government programs promised wonderful things to blacks: poor mothers could receive government checks if they could prove there was no working male at home. The result? By 1975, black illegitimacy had skyrocketed to 70%.
Historical statistics on disparities in educational performance also cast doubt on slavery as an historical handicap. In 1940, American blacks enjoyed an 80% literacy rate—better than some European countries. In 1985, after decades of busing, which destroyed black community schools, the Educational Testing Service evaluated the literacy skills of young adults age 21-25. Only 40 percent of the blacks demonstrated prose literacy.
Incarceration rates are also offered as proof of the lingering effects of historical slavery. The numbers are indeed shocking. Today, one out of three black males between 16 and 29 is in prison, on probation, or within the judicial system. In 1992 there were 583,000 Black men in prison and jails compared to 537,000 in college. Blacks are 44.1 % of sentenced prisoners, while only 12% of the US population.
And it is true that black incarceration rates are historically higher than the white incarceration rate. However, the historical direction of these disparities must trouble Reparations advocates. In 1932 a black was four times more likely to be incarcerated than a white. By 1980, the disparity had risen to eight times more likely. Also, Federal crime statistics show that black crime rates
/ Southern Events
Vol. 7*No. 1
were much lower than in the past forty years. Certainly, disparities between the incarceration rates for the two races persist. But is this the legacy of slavery? The state with the highest present-day disparity in the rates of black versus white incarceration is Minnesota, which never practised slavery, where a black is 23 times more likely to be in jail than a white. The disparity against blacks in Iowa and Wisconsin exceeds most Southern states. The state with the second-lowest disparity against blacks is—Mississippi.
Yet, one must agree with Mr. Ogletree when he writes, ‘the civil-rights movement has long been organised, in part, around the notion than slavery and the legal discrimination that followed have had enduring and detrimental effects on American minorities.’ Indeed, that's the assumption. But, as black economist Thomas Sowell has demonstrated, many assumptions by and about ‘civil rights’ are simply wrong. Discrimination, as evidenced by studies around the world, does not lead to poverty.
Chinese in Malaysia, East Indians in Africa, and Italians in Argentina faced discrimination and yet managed to build sustaining communities that enabled them to prosper. Further, economic progress for blacks was most certainly not the result of civil rights legislation. The number of blacks in professional, technical, and similar high-level positions more than doubled from 1954 to 1964. Sowell also demonstrated that the percentage of employed blacks in professional jobs was the same in 1967 as it was in 1960. He concluded that ‘the Civil Rights Act of 1964 represented no acceleration in trends that had been going on for many years.’
How would Ogletree explain ‘The Millenium Breach’ report from the Milton Eisenhower Foundation in 1998 warning that ‘the rich are getting richer, the poor are getting poorer, and minorities are suffering disproportionately’? How do we explain that in the 1960’s one out of five black children went to bed hungry, but today, after an avalanche of Federal civil rights legislation, it’s one out of three?
Sowell offers the most convincing explanation, that the Civil Rights movement highjacked historic black progress for the benefit of Big Government. Urban Renewal programs, often criticized as ‘Negro Removal’ programs, as well as welfare and busing, destroyed the sustaining black communities that sheltered and nurtured black cohesion and black families. The Civil Rights movement aggressively inculcated resentment toward whites and dependency toward government. Government favours that appeared enticing and beneficial turned out to be snares that have done immeasurable harm.
The reparations movement is yet another pretty promise
masking a political snare. For this reason, over 1,300 black and white North Carolinians signed the League of the South’s petition requesting our elected officials to vote against Rep. John Conyers’ bill should it come out of committee. Both North Carolina senators and all of our representatives received copies of the signed petitions, and almost all have responded to our concerns. Reparations can only deepen the racial divide, which will benefit only those who profit from racial animosity.
Michael C. Tuggle is State Chairman of the North Carolina League of the South and a regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS
All the extravagance and incompetence of our present government is due, in the main, to lawyers. If all lawyers were hanged tomorrow, and their bones sold to a mah jong factory, we'd be freer and safer, and our taxes would be reduced by almost a half.' - H.L.Mencken, 4 Aug 1924,
The Baltimore Evening Sun
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Computers
Camcorders - VCRs - TVs
1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534
Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
Robert Whitaker’s Corner
ON RACISM
All the Politically Correct sources'say that American history is racist. But nobody dares to go into how this attitude shows itself.
New York State recently approved a textbook for general use, which declared simply that, ‘All whites are racist.’ It was pulled at the last minute. NY authorities suddenly realized how fatal it would be to their holier-than-thou attitudes if people really started looking closely at the attitudes of whites who call themselves ‘antiracist.’
This is because Whites who are ‘antiracist’ have thoroughly white supremacist attitudes. But their racism is so deeply ingrained that they don’t even know it’s there. There is nothing like total self-righteousness to keep you from realizing your own shortcomings.
For example, everybody always tells me over and over and over again that the Chinese invented paper and gunpowder before it was in the West. I cannot have heard that less than fifty or sixty times in the last decade. Every literate person has. Why do we keep hearing about Chinese gunpowder and Chinese paper? The population of China has consistently been equal to or bigger than the entire population of the West. Yet everybody has to repeat to everybody at least once a month that they had paper and gunpowder before Europe did.
Why is it such a major news item that the Chinese, a consistent one in five of the whole world population, invented some things before we did?
The reason for this is that, to self-styled antiracist whites, the idea that nonwhites invented anything is something we just assume to be front-page news. This endless repetition, which is supposed to be the very epitome of antiracism, is one of the best illustrations of how our view of the world is so deeply racist we don’t even notice it when it is shouted in our faces as antiracism.
Another example of our totally racist outlook being presented as antiracism is the Politically Correct attitude toward animals and indigenous peoples.
For example, let us say you walk right into the middle of a television commentary and hear the following words, ‘This may seem cruel and savage to us. But for them it is part of the natural scheme of things.’
Let me ask you a question. Who is the ‘them’ being referred to? Is the ‘them’ the commentator is talking about native Americans, aborigines, or animals?
There is no way for you to know, because these same words are invariably applied to nonwhites and to animals. Unlike white people, they are an innocent part of nature, incapable of the sinfulness that comes with an enlarged brain.
The reason it is so easy to sell White Guilt is because, to our mind, animals and nonwhites are incapable of sin-
BOOKS OF THE
'Truth is error's best	'
Can the South Survive, by Michael Grissom, paperback	$19.95
Jefferson Davis, American, by William J. Cooper, hardbound, 757 pp.	$35.00
The Real Lincoln, From The Testimony Of His Northern Contemporaries, by C. L. C. Minor, hardbound,
273 pp. (Author, first president of VPI, did his homework well.) Reprint of 1904 edition, $16.00 Robert E. Lee on Leadership, by H. W. Crocker	paperback $14.95; hardbound $22.00
Destruction and Reconstruction, by General Richard Taylor, (Personal experiences) paperback	$15.95
Flags Of Civil War Alabama, by Glenn Dedmondt, paperwork, 160 pp., 119 color illustrations & photos	$19.95
The Southern Nation: The New Rise Of The Old South, by R. Gordon Thornton, 256 pp.	$19.95
Our Father’s Fields: A Southern Story, by James E. Kibler, hardbound, 444 pp.	$29.95
America’s Caesar: The Decline And Fall Of Republican Government In The USA, by Greg Loren Durand.
Forward by Dr. J. Michael Hill; paperback, 542 pp.	$28.00
“Co. Aytch”: A Side Show Of The Big Show, by Sam R. Watkins, Private CSA
Deluxe hardbound edition, photos, dust cover, 231 pp.	$25.00
The Gallant Pelham, by Philip Mercer, hardbound, 189 pp. Extra nice edition	$28.00
Cultures in Conflict; Union Desecration of Southern Churches & Cemetaries by Charles Jennings, pb $12.00
Dr. C. E. Baker
652 Sixteenth Avenue, NW	P	&	H	$2.50,	First	Volume,	$1.50	thereafter;
Birmingham, Alabama 35215	Personal	Cheques	Welcome,	No	Credit	Cards.
(205)854-2690 (205)853-0967
Vol. 7 * No. 1
Q Southern Ei 'ents
ning. We find it easy to think that nonwhites and animals are always sinned against.
In other words, ‘antiracists’ insist that to say that a nonwhite is guilty of sins against whites is as absurd as the idea that a squirrel could be guilty of a crime.
It is hard to imagine a more racist attitude than the one behind White Guilt.
Mr Robert Whitaker of South Carolina is a published author, a former writer for the Voice of America, and a regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS.
UNFURLED
by Ken Gillespie
As they furled the flag that day (the famous picture doesn’t show it)
A yankee major came by to say, ‘We’ll take that!’
‘No!’ the soldiers said, ‘It was never captured in any battle
And it wasn’t again today.’
‘But you surrendered.’ The obdurant major demanded.
A faint cocking sound was heard from the back.
‘Sir, I didn’t surrender.’
‘Nor I.’
‘Nor I.’ Came reply after reply.
The yankee scoundrel looked into the determined, stalwart eyes of the brave:
‘Keep your damn ol’ flag, I’ll not die for it.’
Came the faint reply, ‘We will.’
The yankee rode away. And the men began to cry.
‘Look down through the ages,’ one said, ‘for there will come a day
When our own brothers will shy away and not defend the colours.’
Someone said, ‘Let them not pass this way!
Southern Events
For a one year subscription mail $15 cheque or money order to SOUTHERN EVENTS,
P O BOX 2517, SELMA, ALABAMA 36702-2517
The League of the South 2002 Conference
It will be held at the Civic Center in historic Abbeville, South Carolina on 18-20 July (Thur. evening thru Sat. afternoon.) This is no doubt the best location ever for a League conference, and possibly the best line-up of speakers, activities and events.
Early registration (before 15 June) is $50 per person for League members ($65 with a cookout and BBQ dinner on Fri. evening and Sat.); $75 per League husband and wife ($105 with meals, plus $7.50 per meal for each child); $75 per person for non-League members ($90 with meals); $115 per non-League husband and wife ($145 with meals, plus $7.50 per meal for each child).
Late registration (after 15 June) is $60 per LS member ($75 including meals); $90 per LS husband and wife ($120 including meals), plus $7.50 per meal for each child); $90 per non-LS member ($105 including meals); $ 130 per non-League husband and wife ($ 160 including meals, plus $7.50 per meal for each child).
Make Check or money order payable to The League of the South and mail to League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207.
Subscribe today
The Edgefield Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC 29824
An independent newspaper for all the Confederacy, believing in the cause of constitutional government. Send $12.00 for one year, and $24.00 for 2 years. Clip &. mail
Name
Address
them	E
Vol. 7 • A 1
Horatio Seymour: New York Governor, Confederate Ally
by John Chodes
Horatio Seymour was the Democratic governor of New York State before and during the War for Southern Independence. He defeated Ulysses S. Grant for the Presidency in 1868 but was swindled out of that position through massive fraud at the polls in the eleven Southern states under military occupation.
While in office Horatio Seymour defended the South’s right to secede. His political viewpoint, his speeches, his actions as governor, all dispell the contemporary myth that this war reflected a radical split in philosophy between the citizens of the North and those of the South.
Since New York was the largest, richest, and most populous state at that time, Seymour’s words had a national significance. His statements demonstrate that the ideals that forced the South to secede were not related to maintaining slavery or white supremacy and did not signify hostility to Northern culture.
Horatio Seymour presented to the entire United States that through secession the South was defending freedom, decentralized power and democratic home rule. This was the platform of the Democratic Party, the largest political entity in the country.
While Seymour supported the South’s right to form a separate nation, he tried to arrange negotiations and concessions to avert the rupture of the Union and its inevitable bloodshed. He failed, but the fact that New York was devoted to peace became a major thorn in the
side of the Lincoln administration during the war.
The following quotes indicate how Republicans saw Seymour. Harry Stanton, a leading New York politician, said: ‘Whatever you may intend, the scope and drift of the policy maintained by Horatio Seymour is to give aid and comfort to the rebels and to cripple the administration in a vigorous prosecution of the war.’ 1 At a Republican ward meeting, Seymour was called ‘the traitor’s candidate.’2 The New York ‘Tribune’, a Republican newspaper, editorialized that ‘every voter in the state whose sympathies are with the Slaveholder’s Rebellion is a supporter of Seymour. Every voter that asserts that the Southern Rebellion was provoked and all but justified by Northern aggression is for Seymour... Every voter who, while more or less openly discouraging volunteering, has proclaimed the impracticality of drafting for the Slaveholder’s Rebellion, is a supporter of Seymour.’3 Note: All of the following speeches were delivered by Horatio Seymour before the outbreak of the war. Southerners Fought in New York State ‘Can we so entirely forget the past history of our country, that we can stand upon the point of pride against states whose citizens battled with our fathers and poured out with them their blood upon the soil of our state, amid the highlands of the Hudson, and on the fields of Saratoga? I ask the old men within the sound of my voice, to what quarter did you look for sympathy during the last war with Great Britain, [the War of 1812] when New York was assailed upon the shores of Erie and Ontario, and when the disciplined troops who had successfully fought against Napoleon in the Peninsula, invaded us with cooperating fleets by the channel of Lake Champlain? Was it not to the states of the South? It is well that states which then refused to allow their militia to pass their own borders to combat a common enemy should be so prompt to tender them now to battle against our own countrymen?’4 Southerners Heroic in Past ‘Shall we prevent revolution [secession] by being foremost in overthrowing the principles of our government, and all that makes it valuable to our people, and distinguishes it among the nations of the earth? Upon whom are we to wage war? Our own countrymen, whose white population is threefold that of the whole country in the time of the Revolution. Their courage has never been questioned in any contest in which we have been engaged. They battled by our side with equal valor in the Revolutionary struggle, in the last war with Great Britain and in the Mexican conflict. Virginia sent her sons, under the command of Washington, to the relief of beleaguered Boston. Alone, the South defeated the last and most desperate effort of British power to divide our country, at
/ / Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 1
the Battle of New Orleans. From the days of Washington till this time, they have furnished their full proportion of soldiers for the field, of statesmen for the Cabinet, and of wise and patriotic senators for our legislative halls.’5 Compromise After War Or Without War ‘The question is simply this: shall we have compromise after the war, or compromise without war?... I say the honour of the North demands a conciliatory policy... It is also said that the honour and dignity of our government will not permit measures of compromise at this moment. When the present difficulty was only threatened, we are told, in answer to our appeals for an adjustment, that there was no cause for alarm; that the South could not be driven out of the Union; the time had not come for compromise. Now that six states have withdrawn, we are told it is too late; that the dignity of the government will not permit it to make concessions. The error consists in confounding the action of a few states with the position of the whole South. We admit that you cannot offer constitutional compromises to states that declare themselves outside the pale of the Constitution. But is the attitude of South Carolina to be urged against the appeals of patriotic men in Virginia? Are we to drive the border states into concert of action with those who defy the power of our government? Are we to give an impulse to revolution [secession] by indifference to the appeals of patriotic men, and by insulting threats of coercion, and by irritating displays of power?’ 6 New York Favors Secession ‘All know that the fate of our country depends upon the action of the border states; and while the beam trembles, New York throws its sword into the scale and inclines it in favor of revolution [secession].’7 Naval Blockade: Futile, And Hurts North ‘Some have suggested with a complacent air that the South could be easily subjugated by blockading their ports with a few ships of war. Let these gentlemen study the geography of our country. While the Atlantic coastline of the Northern states is 851 miles, that of the South, including the Gulf of Mexico, is 3,076. We have 189, and they have 249 harbors. Great Britain, with her immense fleet, attempted blockade, and failed. But assuming the success of the measure, who are to be the sufferers? Are we waging war against the South or against the North? Upon the Southern planter, or upon, the Northern merchant, manufacturer, and mechanic? This coasting trade is the chief support of Northern commerce the prize which Great Britain struggled so long and so persistently to gain. Not only do our ships carry the products of the South, but at the same time our manufacturers annually consume of their cotton to the amount of more than S40 million.($800 million in 2002 money.) In the hands of Northern carriers and artisans,
this becomes worth more than $150 million.’8 The Meddling Theory of Government ‘In antagonism to the Democratic creed of local and individual freedom, there has always existed a pragmatic organization, which under different names has sought to build up a system of political meddling...
‘It is as confident and as denunciating today, as when it sought to uphold national banks and high tariffs. It now claims the exclusive championship of morals, religion and liberty, as it once did the guardianship of the finances and industry of the country. We deny that the meddling system of politics is favorable to morals, religion or liberty. History proves the contrary. It has ever been the bane of each. It has always furnished the pretext of tyrants, the fires of bigotry, the iron rule of despots, the leaden weight of ignorance and degradation, came from pragmatical doctrines ...
‘We need not go into the past to show this - it is proved by the questions of the day. We have political meddling with religion in Know-Nothingism and divided churches, political meddling with rights in local legislation by the Republican Party.’9 Political Meddling With Southern Self-Government ‘At this time a party powerful in numbers, resources and talents, (Republicans) in opposition to the warning and entreaties of the patriotic, whom the American people love and reverence, have entered into the pending political contest with the determination of arraying one section of our country against another. Its presses constantly urge upon the public attention everything of past, present or fancied occurances which is calculated to excite the prejudices or arouse passions of the North against the South.
‘The people of the North are uniformly opposed to slavery, not from hostility to the South, but because it is repugnant to our sentiments. In conformity with our views we have abolished slavery here, and having exercised our rights in our own way, we should be willing to let other communities have the same rights and privileges we have enjoyed. We are bound to act upon our faith in the principles of self-government.
‘The Republican organization proposes an assault upon the Southern states by a system of agitation and excitement, directly at war with the purposes of the Constitution. They constantly discuss questions belonging to other states, to the entire neglect of their own local affairs. They organize their party on the ground that all and every difference of opinion about their own concerns are to be overlooked, provided they agree in their views about an institution which does not exist in their own states, and does not exist in states where they admit they have no constitutional right to interfere. They give dispensation for all past offenses. Enrollment in the ranks expiates the most deadly heresies in doctrines and
tihern Izvonts
VOL. 7 • No. 1
conduct, and exempts from the performance of all acts of charity, mercy or benevolence.
‘The Union, among its members, is a libel upon the past professions and actions. They mock at consistency. They ask the foreign bom citizen to unite with them in interfering with men far off, and then justify interference with their own religious and political rights at home ... They must go to the extent of interfering with the sovereignty of the states. Their outspoken allies, the Abolitionists, declare that such are their intentions. The pretext for the war now waged [this speech is from 1856] against the South is an alleged invasive policy on its part. Conscious of the wickedness of a sectional warfare, an attempt is made to show that their policy is defensive.’10 The Democratic Theory of Government ‘At this time our country is convulsed with moral disorders, with religious dissentions, with political agitations. Denunciatory language and violent conduct disgrace our national capital. Most of the great religious denominations are divided, and glare across a sectional line with fierce hatred, withholding from one another the charity and courtesies which they extend to the coreligionists from foreign lands. Another tie which has heretofore held our country together, has been disbanded, and from its mins has sprung a political organization trusting for its success, to sectional prejudices. It excludes from its councils the people of nearly one half of the Union; it seeks a triumph over one half of our country. The battlefields of Yorktown, of Cambden, of New Orleans, are unrepresented in their conventions, and no delegates speak for the states where rest the remains of Washington, Jefferson, Marion, Sumter, or Morgan, or the later hero, Jackson. They cherish more bitter hatred of their own countrymen, than they have ever shown toward the enemies of our land...
‘The Democratic theory takes away control from central points and distributes it to the various localities that are the most interested in its wise and honest exercise. It keeps at every man’s home the greatest share of the political power that concerns him individually. It yields it to the remoter legislative bodies in diminishing proportions as they recede from the direct influence and action of the people...
‘The wisest statesmen living and acting at the city of Washington, can not understand these affairs, nor can they conduct them as well as the citizens upon the ground...
‘Our General Government is remarkable for being the reverse of every other system. Instead of being the source of authority, it only receives the remnants of power, after all that concerns towns, county, and state jurisdictions has been distributed. Its jurisdiction altogether, confined within narrow limits, is of great dignity, for it concerns
our national honor, and provides for national defense....
‘If our General Government had the legislative power, which is now divided between town, county, and state jurisdictions, its attempt at their exercise would shiver it to atoms....
‘It required seven centuries to reform palpable wrongs in enlightened Britain, simply because the powers of its government, concentrated in Parliament, were far removed from the sufferings and injuries those wrongs occasioned....
‘The principle of local and distributed jurisdiction, not only makes good government, but it also makes good manhood.’ 11 Fanaticism
‘Fanaticism gives its subjects no rest. It drives them on from one subject of excitement to another, from one hatred to another, from one persecution to another. We know that the political fanatic of today will be foremost in the religious persecutions of tomorrow.’ 12 John Chodes is a former Chair of the League of the South’s New York chapter.
FOOTNOTES
1.	New York ‘Tribune,’ October 9,1862.
2.	Sidney David Brummer, ‘Political History of New York State During the Period of the Civil War’ (New York: Columbia University and Longmans, Green & Co., agents, 1911) p. 228
3.	Ibid., p. 229.
4.	Speech 31 January 1861, from Thomas M. Cook and Thomas Knox, editors, ‘Public Record of Horatio Seymour’ (New York: I.W. England, at the offices of the New York ‘Sun,’ 1868) p. 30. This address was given at the Democratic State Convention, in Albany, just after the first states seceded. The South sent representatives to this convention.
5.	Ibid., p. 25.
6.	Ibid., p. 26.
7.	Ibid., p. 29.
8.	Ibid., p. 26.
9.	David Croly, ‘Seymour and Blair, Their Lives and Services’ (New York: Richardson and Co., 1868), p. 53. This 4 July 1856 speech was given in the heart of radical Republican territory, Springfield, Mass. David Croly, the author of this book, explained the history behind this oration. ‘In 1856, soon after the nomination of Buchanan and Breckenridge (for President and Vice President) by the Democratic convention in Cincinnati, leading members of the party solicited Gov Seymour, whose elegance had made a deep impression upon that convention, to make a speech which should give the keynote to the campaign, and be received, as Governor Seymour’s speeches have ever since been received, as the platform, in fact, of the party.’
10.	Ibid.,	p. 63.
11.	Ibid.,	P. 49.
12.	Ibid.,	p. 65.
KENNEDY TWINS
Southern authors advocating traditional Southern values Hk,	of
States Rights, Limited Federalism, & Individual Responsibilities
				1 **★★*★★★★★★ ★ 1
THE SOUTH WASH RIGHT!		Why® Sm FREEDOM! America’s Revolt Against Big Government		WAS JEFFERSON if DAVIS RIGHT?
James Ronald Kennedy Waller Donald Kennedy	N	★ ★★★★★★★★ James Ronald Kennedy Walter Donald Kennedy	\	★★★★★★★★★★★★ .James Ronald Kennedy Waller Donald Kennedy 5
Visit us at www.KennedyTwins.com
See what Dabney, Thomwell, Plumer and others had to say about the Commandments in this most quoted commentary ever on the Ten Commandments.
Practical advice from the most trusted and respected biblical scholars throughout history.
A portion of the proceeds will be donated to the League of the South.
$19.95 + $4.95 shipping and handling
(2 or more books, add 15% for s/h.; Alabama residents add 9% sales tax)
Distributors, Book Stores and Fund Raisers Contact bhanson@.praceandlaw. com Order Online: www.praceandlaw.com
14 Southern Events
Vol. 7 • iVo.
Dixie Dystopia
(Continued from page one)
A Book Review by Clyde Wilson
The Last Confederate Flag by Lloyd E. Lenard
Baltimore: AmErica House; 432 pp., $29.95 Bedford: A World Vision by Ellen Williams
Belleville, Ontario: Guardian Books; 299 pp., $15.95 Death by Journalism? One Teacher's Fateful Encounter with Political Correctness by Jerry Bledsoe
Asheboro, NC: Down Home Press; 241 pp., $24.95
The Culture War we are in is a totalitarian-minded drive to impose a uniform public nonculture on the American people. Fortuitously, these authors tend to support my understanding of what the war is all about. Despite optimistic statements to the contrary, America has never been culturally homogeneous. (By culture, I mean something like widespread folk attitudes and articulated and unarticulated assumptions about private and public things.) There is a Jamestown/Robert E. Lee/ country-music America. Let’s call it ‘Confederate America’ for short. Conquered, impoverished, and despised. Confederate America remarkably maintains a continuing vigour, mostly below official radar and fashionable discussion.
Then there is Plymouth Rock/Abraham Lincoln/ General Motors America. (I am talking here about ‘culture,’ not economics.) For short, let’s say ‘Yankee America.’ Yankee America never really had much folk culture except a kind of leveling of distinctions and what John Lukacs has aptly described as a genuine but peculiarly materialistic idealism. Yankee America has had, and continues to have, much power, prestige, and wealth, but its chief strengths have been technology and productivity.
Next came Ellis Island/Catholic/Perry Como America, which we can call ‘Catholic America.’ It mostly acquiesced in such aspects of Yankee America as it liked or was forced to accept, while adding a little spice to the Boston pot roast.
Now we have Frankfurt School/Martin Luther King, Jr./MTV America, invented by European totalitarians and imported into the United States in the 1930s. It is aggressive, mean-spirited, bent on conquest, and, based on the evidence in these books and all around us, controls much of the American arsenal of cultural power. Lets call this phenomenon, though the label is not really accu-
rate, ‘Multicultural America.’ Multicultural America initiated the Culture War and is spearheading its offensives. Its leaders take no prisoners and do not spare the weak and innocent.
Yankee America is culturally and demographically moribund. The Multiculturalists victories are mostly a result of the Yankee elite’s intellectual shallowness, moral cowardice, and continual appeasement. In fact, the Yankee elite and the Multicultural elite can barely be distinguished anymore. Though it temporarily rallied its masses by an appeal to abstract ‘America,’ with the help of Rush Limbaugh radio demagoguery, the Yankee elite is really holding on to its wealth and some of its prestige by drawing taxes, votes, and fighting men from Confederate America and Catholic America. Two Connecticut Bushes became president by pretending to be Texans and pretending to represent the concerns of traditional Americans, for whom they have never done and never will do anything. (Ford, Dole, Kemp, etc., could not pull off the trick.) It is Little George, the preferred candidate of sincere Christians, who has changed the American motto from ‘Protestant, Catholic, Jew’ to ‘Protestant, Catholic, Jew, and Muslim.’ (Clinton took money from Buddhists, but even he did not promote them to the pantheon.)
As I see it, Catholic America is very uneasy about the advances of the Multiculturalists but has developed no widespread resistance to them. Its allegiance is to ‘America,’ and it has not quite grasped that the map of America has been redrawn by the Multiculturalists and that it is next on the list of targets after Confederate America has been disposed of. Pat Buchanan has tried to sound the alarm, but so far has not had much success.
The fact is that Confederate Americans (wherever they live) make up the only sizeable block of the American populace that has so far resisted (largely reflexively rather than reflectively) the multicultural dispensation. Confederate America is the only American culture that can keep and recruit individuals into its ranks at the folk level without, and even in opposition to, government education and patronage. In fact, it has been gathering recruits from among the ranks of Yankee and Catholic defectors.
The first objective of the Multiculturalists in their current offensive is to quash and eliminate Confederate America by Soviet-style propaganda and suppression. This task is made much easier by the fact that much of both Yankee and Catholic America disdains Confederate America, harbors many old prejudices against it, and is not averse to giving us another thrashing now and then.
Those who do not live in Dixie may have missed the pervasiveness of the attacks against the culture and history of Confederate America. In a small way, this can
Vol. 7 • No. 1
/ 3 Southern Events
be seen as a late mopping-up campaign of the civil-rights revolution. It is certainly fueled by the prospective raid on the federal treasury known as ‘reparations for slavery.’ But there is more to it than that. It is a major offensive of the Multiculturalists. It is being abetted by the shortsighted leaders of Yankee America who are hoping that Confederate Americans (still demographically numerous) will keep voting Republican and be pacified into resembling Yankee America. Unfortunately, becoming more like Yankee America is merely a stage on the way to multiculturalism. As a great 19thcentury Southern thinker, Robert Lewis Dabney, observed, Northern ‘conservatives,’ over the entire course of American history, have never conserved anything.
The Last Confederate Flag is a story of an upright, respected citizen who, by speaking publicly in favour of Confederate symbols and resisting a murderous armed attack on his home by militant minorities, finds his family slaughtered and himself in prison, demonized in the media. In Bedford: A World Vision, we get a taste of the New World Order. ‘Worldvision,’ totalitarian, therapeutic, and pseudotolerant, is the pervasive ideology, enforced at every level. What used to be Alabama is now a numbered district of the World Order. Nonliberal Christians are confined, except during work hours, in camps where their intolerance will not damage the public. And there is much more. Both books are well told, attention-holding, and thought-provoking.
Are these authors’ predictions fevered fantasies, unthinkable in good old quotidian America? Here are some things that have really happened in recent years.
A boy doodles a Confederate flag in his notebook at school and is suspended. In another state, a boy checks out a school library book with the same offending symbol. Beaten to the point of hospitalization by black and Hispanic students, the victim is suspended from school. The thugs remain untouched by any authority.
During the presidential primary in South Carolina, candidates McCain and Bush declare that the status of the Confederate banner is a question for the people of the state to decide. After the primary, Bush’s henchmen illegally remove, in the dark of night, two harmless plaques put up years ago by Confederate widows in the Texas Supreme Court building. McCain makes a special trip back to South Carolina to declare that he lied for advantage and really thinks the flag must be banished.
A peaceable old gentleman stands up to ask a question of a famous ‘civil rights’ personality after a speech at a public university. In accord with instructions by the speaker, the old gentleman is hustled out of the chamber and roughed up by three burly young policemen before
he has said a word. The policemen make no reply and seem embarrassed when onlookers ask what the gentleman had done wrong.
A longtime, respected congressman dies, leaving a request that ‘Dixie’ be played at the gathering of his mourners. The Vice President of the United States demands that the tune be suppressed as the price of his attendance at the funeral.
Distinguished clergymen and scholars who have spoken publicly against the official, ‘totally evil’ version of Southern history are characterized as part of an extremist conspiracy by low-level employees of a ‘civil rights’ organisation who have no credentials or moral standing to pass judgment on either history or other people’s character. The libels, however, are taken as fact by the media and registered by law-enforcement agencies.
I could catalog a hundred more such instances. Do not think that only the useless nostalgic sentiments of misguided Southerners are at stake here. The Yankee or standard version of American history is also an obstacle to the conquering forces. I know of a university professor who teaches that colonial Virginians (Washington and Jefferson) were similar to the Taliban (presumably because they were not feminists and sometimes carried weapons). I'd bet your children are learning the same.
All this should tell us several things, besides the truth that The Last Confederate Flag and Bedford: A World Vision are not fantasies but merely logical extensions of present trends. They tell us that local initiative and decisionmaking and (almost) local thought itself have disappeared. Law enforcement and education and information media have been imperialized to the point where every publicschool principal in the land has been conditioned to enforce uniform policies from Washington, DC, however unreasonable or in defiance of common sense or community sentiment those policies may be. Every newspaper reports (and ignores) the same stories in the same way, and every police department takes instruction from the FBI. And history, as an humane, intellectually liberating study, is being replaced by an officially enforced party line.
In the Foreword to Death by Journalism?, Jerry Bledsoe explains that he was prompted to carry out his careful investigation because he had come to realize that ‘political censorship had become a very real possibility’ in his own neighborhood. And the dust-jacket copy, for once, is precisely accurate: ‘Death by Journalism? raises important questions about free speech, academic freedom, racial politics and news media integrity.’
Bledsoe, a maverick investigative reporter and bestselling author of true-crime books, tells the sad, true story
Vol. 7 • i
lO Southern Events
of Jack Perdue, who became a national media demon and was literally hounded to death when he was picked to be the target of a Multicultural advance man in the heart of North Carolina. That is my native country and Bledsoe’s, and the author’s account rings true. Jack Perdue was a year or two ahead of me in Greensboro High School (which, incidentally, was the first school in the state to be integrated, while we were there).
Jack was an engineer by trade and a lifelong, published amateur (in the best sense) historian, with a vast knowledge of all aspects of local lore. He was also a benevolently active citizen, respected for integrity and service, who volunteered to teach for free an adult education course on ‘North Carolina in the Civil War’ at a branch of the Randolph County Community College. Randolph County is a largely rural region, partly absorbed into the southern suburbs of Greensboro.
Enter from the left Ethan Feinsilver, son of a Washington, DC, psychiatrist and a University of Chicago graduate, recently hired as a reporter for the Greensboro News & Record and assigned to the Randolph County beat. Mr. Feinsilver, whose press associates considered him to be a disagreeable loner, found Randolph County the domain of despicable rednecks, and his reportage of local affairs reflected his attitude even before he had heard of Jack Perdue.
Then, in 1998, he discovered Jack Perdue’s history course. Perdue was giving a balanced account of conditions and events in his beloved area during the war, including the well-established fact that some black people served the Confederacy. He taught nothing that is not being taught in a hundred places at this moment or that has not been taught for the last century. The trouble was that Jack Perdue had not taken advanced study, where he would have learned that evidence must be reinterpreted according to current dicta.
No civil-rights group had complained. Students in the elective course, some of them Northern immigrants, have been extensively interviewed by Bledsoe. None had found anything biased or offensive in the course. They also thought Jack Perdue a fair and good teacher, resisted repeated attempts by Mr Feinsilver to provoke negative comments from them, and were amazed by the baseless and outrageous assertions reflected in Feinsilver’s questions and in his subsequent articles.
The News & Record reported that Randolph County Community College was sponsoring a course that taught that antebellum blacks were happy as slaves and was serving as a front for a ‘neo-Confederate hate group’ (the Sons of Confederate Veterans). The story was distributed worldwide on the AP wire, provoked an investigation
by the US Civil Rights Commission, and became a topic for national TV news and talk shows. Soon, it was received as ‘fact’ that a Southern college was teaching the old, evil, exploded fiction that slaves were happy. Across the country, papers carried headlines like ‘Sugar-coated Slavery,’ ‘A Rosy View of Slavery,’ and ‘College Course Opens Old Wounds.’
The college officials, faculty, and students all emphatically denied the substance of Mr Feinsilver’s ‘news’ stories, but the newspaper executives stonewalled and upheld Feinsilver’s accuracy. (Curiously, however, he was put on probation and, apparently, dismissed six months later.) After months of the stress of international demonization, Jack Perdue died suddenly of a heart attack. He had always been healthy and was barely 60. His family and friends believe that he was literally murdered by the media. The same news executives refused to run an obituary of a local who had been made an international figure a few months before through their own efforts and refused to be interviewed by Bledsoe, a former prize-winning reporter for the paper (which twice offered me a job as editorial writer long ago in my misspent youth).
We see in these events the awful evil power and lockstep thinking of the media, of course. We find a local press that dances to the tune of the Multiculturalists and heeds not its own community.
But we already knew those things. I am more interested in the role of history in all of this and what it tells us about the state of American thought and public discourse. Why was the college allowing Jack Perdue to teach false ideas and in such a controversial way? Feinsilver demanded to know.
I have my own questions. What was a newspaper reporter doing in a classroom, uninvited, investigating the orthodoxy of what was being taught? Can you imagine this happening, say, in an Afrocentric or Gay and Lesbian Studies course? (Set aside the condition that the reporter is a hostile outsider who seems to believe that his orthodoxy should be enforced on other people with a different heritage by the methods of media lynching.)
Where does Feinsilver’s orthodoxy come from? What authority or knowledge does Mr Feinsilver possess that makes his version of history unquestionable truth and someone else’s false and dangerous? Obviously, he considers himself a representative of Multicultural America, endowed with divine right (if only the Multiculturalists believed in the divine) to impose its orthodoxy on all of society. Is there now an official version of history? Should dissenters be punished? Are we all required to accept the official summing up of
Vol. 7 • AJo. 1
I 7 Southern Events
several centuries of complex American history in a few vulgar slogans? Are historical interpretations to be eternally static in keeping with the attitudes of official ‘experts’ rather than responsive to the weighing of evidence and the debating of conclusions?
Of course, none of this is really history. It recalls Soviet history, in which dogma and slogans were substituted for the study of the immense complexities of human experience. The latter can, perhaps, make us a little wiser; the former serves only the purpose of conquest. Do not expect the numerous cohort of credentialed academic historians to mount any opposition to the reduction of investigation and understanding to propaganda and conformity, however. They will acquiesce in, if not actively abet, the official orthodoxy.
Dr Clyde Wilson is an author, a university professor, and a Founder and Director of the League of the South. This review was first published in CHRONICLES.
Love Story
by James Butler
It was love at first sight. I saw her leaning against a wall at Larry’s, a local gathering spot. Her curves and luminous skin attracted me like a spell. I held her in my arms and we fit like hand and glove. I picked her up and took her home.
I would have slept with her that night except my wife would have put up a fuss. So I hid my new flame till I could introduce her into the household. Since then she’s provided me with many an hour’s pleasure.
The new girl is Chinese, but her daddy’s a Russian. Her name is Samozaryadnya Karabin Simonova, or, as I fondly call her, Little Miss SKS.
The Russians fielded the SKS semi-automatic carbine towards the end of World War II. It wasn’t long before it was replaced by the AK-47, but in the meantime China and the Warsaw Pact produced SKSs by the gazillion. Beginning in the mid-eighties, huge numbers of oriental and Slavic beauties were imported into the U.S. In the mid-nineties Bill Clinton cut off the trade. There’s still a lot of SKSs around, and at Larry’s Pistol and Pawn in Huntsville you can usually flirt with a couple of new arrivals. But the supply is drying up.
The basic SKS configuration has a fixed 10-round magazine. It fires a 7.62 x .39 round (same as the AK-47). It’s lightweight and compact, and shoulders in a flash. Ammo is plentiful (for now) and cheap.
(Make sure your SKS is the thread barrel type as op-
posed to a press barrel. Both cost the same, but the former is a more durable design).
You can buy a perfectly fine Chinese SKS for well under S200. I’ve been firing mine for a couple of years now and she’s as tight as the first time I took her out. And boys let me tell you, she packs a punch, with minimal recoil.
As for accuracy, she can do a four-inch five-round group at 100 yards through iron sights. And that’s shooting as fast as I can aim her, an elapsed time of about nine seconds. Her maximum effective range (for me anyway) is about 200 yards.
For suburban defense, where trees, hills and houses can limit your range, an SKS is hard to beat, especially for the price.
I can hear it now. Why would anybody need a military-style rifle, in the city or anywhere else? Well, in the first place, every able bodied man is a natural bom member of that great American institution, the Militia. Unless you’re shirking your duty or just plain wussing out, you need a rifle worthy of a Militiaman.
And please, don’t even ask: Who could possibly threaten my safe American home? Aren’t the police and the government supposed to protect me? If you ask these questions you’re thinking like a natural-bom slave.
Want a scenario where you might need a battle rifle?
A gang of biology professors at your local university, desperate to save the sinking ship of Evolution, decide they’re going to strike a blow against Creationism. So, they grab up a dozen AK-47s and mount a machine gun on a big SUV. They come rolling through your neighborhood shooting and pillaging, forcing people to convert to the Darwinist religion.
What are you going to do? Wait until they come to your door so you can reason with them? I don’t think so. You’re gonna want to take these holy warriors out at a distance.
Besides having your SKS handy, you have already re-connoitered your area. You’ve picked the best bushwhack sites, fields of fire, and cover. You have gear, ammo and rations ready for three days of the old run and shoot.
With the right kind of weaponry and planning, you and a couple of neighbors can take care of any rabble. If things get more serious, your trusty SKS will help you discharge your duty.
Love for a rifle is an extension of love of country and love of Liberty. If you share that love, get thee to a gunnery and get ready.
Mr James Butler of Huntsville, Alabama is a writer, musician and former buck sergeant in the US 3d Infantry. He is a regular contributor to Southern Events.
/S Soitlfiom k cents
Vol. 7 • No. 1
Reconstruction
and the Rose Bowl
by Gail Jarvis
Ehe War Between the States and the pillaging by Gen.
William Tecumseh Sherman’s Union troops left the
South devastated. Most properties as well as systems of
production and transportation were destroyed. Livestock
\
were slaughtered and crops burned. For most Southerners, survival became a matter of clawing and scraping.
The years of radical Reconstruction following the war further demoralized the South, as it was placed under military rule.Within a few years, the social experiment of Reconstruction lost its momentum, officially ending in 1877. At that point the South began a rebuilding effort but the struggle to regain some semblance of stability continued for decades. Indeed, millions of black as well as white Southerners migrated to the North in the decades following the War because they were unable to earn a living in the South.
But one form of Reconstruction was simply replaced with another form that, for decades, kept Southern states in a continuous struggle against poverty. Historian A.B. Moore examined this phenomenon in his 1940s paper, ‘One Hundred Years of Reconstruction of the South.’ Moore describes the harsh measures the government imposed on the South following the War. The region was not allowed to collect debts it was owed; however it had to pay its debts in full. Discriminatory tariffs continued to place an unfair advantage on the South while filling Northern coffers. Freight-rates were skewed in favor of the North who could ship its goods southward at cheaper rates than the South could ship its goods to the North. Also, the inequitable rate structure allowed the North to ship its goods to Southern cities cheaper than Southern cities could ship goods to their own Southern neighbours.
Another inequity was the patent subsidy that allowed the North to own almost 90% of ‘the effective money-producing patents.’ Of the government pensions paid for the War Between the States and World War One, 7 billion dollars went to the North while only 1 billion dollars went to the other regions of the country. Southern companies and farmers were compelled to finance their ventures using Northern lenders and were charged much higher interest rates than those assessed Northern borrowers. It is estimated that the North controlled ninety percent of the nation’s wealth primarily because of these
government differentials that kept the South in ‘colonial bondage.’
It has been said that, after the war, ‘tongues and pens’ replaced ‘bullets and bayonets.’ The North owned the publishing businesses, agencies of public instruction, news gathering agencies, newspapers, magazines and radio systems. Northern conglomerates also owned most newspapers in the South. In Moore’s words, ‘This gave the North a tremendous advantage in the shaping of public opinion.’ Media became the instrument used ‘to make the northern way of life the national way.’ The North had ‘the conviction that it was not a section but the whole United States and that, therefore, its pattern of life must prevail throughout the country. When the South failed to conform it was stigmatized as backward, provincial, and sectional.’ Southern culture was not simply different, it was boorish. Northern journalists described the South in increasingly unflattering ways although most had never traveled to the region.
By the early 1900s, the South had changed dramatically. It was moving away from an agrarian economy. Although poverty was still a problem, the South had a multiplicity of commercial enterprises and metropolitan centers. Southern universities were incubating a group of writers who would profoundly impact American literature. And the Southern Belle had become a Flapper, influenced by the female need for independence that was sweeping the country. But the northern press continued to portray the South as a rural backwater that could not compete with the hardworking and industrialized North. Not surprisingly, the immense power of the media was even influencing the way Southerners viewed themselves. So it is understandable that, in the 1920s, the South was a region devoid of regional pride. But, finally, an incident occurred that marked the beginning of a change in the South’s image. Oddly enough, it was a football game: the 1926 Rose Bowl. This game pitted the University of Washington against the University of Alabama, the first Southern team in history to be invited to a bowl game. This contest would always be remembered as ‘The football game that changed the South.’
It has been called the Rose Bowl’s most spectacular game and many believe it was the most exciting college football game ever played. A few years ago the University of Alabama Center for Public Television & Radio produced a documentary on this celebrated game. Film footage from the University’s archives contains events leading up to the game as well as scenes from the game and its aftermath. The archives also contained portions of interviews with some of the crusty old players who, with their Southern accents, recall events from the game
Vol. 7 * No. 1
IQ Southern Events
as though they happened yesterday.
Football, America’s version of soccer, had caught the nation’s fancy in the late 1800s. In its beginning years, there were no stadiums, no marching bands or cheerleaders and students handled coaching and officiating. Anyone who wanted to watch the contest had to stand along the sidelines throughout the entire game.
But by 1900, the game had become so popular that astute college presidents realized that football could be a big money maker for their institutions. They implemented football programs, hired coaching staffs, built stadiums and formed marching bands.
As early as 1869, the National Collegiate Athletic Association began awarding a national championship to the most deserving college team. The NCAA, as well as national sports writers, didn’t believe Southern teams could compete with other regions of the country. So, for it first 56 years, the NCAA only awarded its coveted national championship to two Southern teams, and one of these had to share the honor with a Northern team.
In 1902, the city of Pasadena added the Rose Bowl football game to its annual Tournament of Roses. The Rose Bowl was the college football event of the year and, until the mid 1930s, it was the only bowl game in the country. Prior to January 1, 1926, no Southern team had ever been invited to the prestigious Rose Bowl.
In the 1920s, many Ivy League as well as other colleges felt that football had become too popular and might interfere with academics. Some schools decided that the regular season games were enough and they would no longer accept Rose Bowl invitations. Coach Enoch Bagshaw’s Washington team had won all its regular season games in 1925 but, because of a grudge with Southern California, it shunned the Rose Bowl.
So, reluctantly, the Rose Bowl committee decided to consider Southern teams. The University of Alabama had been undefeated in 1925. In fact it had only given up 7 points during the entire season. Bowl officials extended an invitation to Alabama and it accepted without hesitation. At this point, Washington reversed its earlier decision and decided to accept the Rose Bowl’s invitation.
There was widespread disappointment expressed over the committee’s selection of Alabama. National sports-writers vented their peevish annoyance in their columns. Although most had never seen the Alabama team play, they predicted a lopsided victory for Washington and castigated bowl officials for their decision. One sports-writer picked Washington over Alabama by a margin of 51 points!
The 1925 Washington Huskies were indeed a football power. And its team had a physical advantage over Ala-
bama with taller, more muscular players, many over 6 feet tall and averaging 190 pounds each. They were difficult to move against and Washington’s burly halfback, George Wilson, could run roughshod over other teams, often dragging tacklers with him.
If Alabama had an advantage; it was its coach, Wallace Wade, probably the youngest and certainly the most underrated coach of that era. Wade had been an outstanding player for Brown University and had only been out of school for seven years, years spent as an assistant coach at Vanderbilt. Today, we can’t imagine Brown University fielding a football team but, in the early 1900s, it did, along with Harvard, Yale and other Eastern colleges. Alabama’s Quarterback Pooley Hubert, a veteran of World War One,-was 21 years old when he entered Alabama as a freshman. The largest and oldest team member; he took football very seriously and often played without a helmet. Halfback Johnny Mack Brown was definitely not a typical football player. His extra curricular activities included theater and he had acted in many campus plays. He was playful and fun loving and his handsome good looks made him popular with the coeds. Brown was the fastest man on the team and Coach Wade designed the game’s first pair of low cut, lightweight football shoes to increase his speed.
The 1926 Rose Bowl was eagerly anticipated all around the country and pregame publicity made the headlines of newspapers. Also, bowl game tension was heightened when the NCAA voted to wait until after the game to award its national championship for 1925. With the dour Calvin Coolidge in the White House, the nation craved some kind of excitement.
This was the first Rose Bowl to be broadcast on radio. But most families in America didn’t own radios. So, throughout the South, theaters and public buildings had telegraph wires connected to their facilities so they could be rented to large groups who could follow the game on tickertape. Imagine this scenario if you can: an announcer would read play activity from tickertape and move a picture of a football across a large billboard marked off like a football gridiron. Southerners in the audience would actually cheer each time Alabama made a big play.
The Alabama team received a big send off at the Tuscaloosa train station and began its four-day trip to the West Coast. Most of the players were from small towns and Coach Wade was concerned that they would be too distracted by pregame events that included trips to various Hollywood studios and photo-ops with famous Hollywood film stars. After a couple of days of this hoopla, Wade confined his players to the hotel. From now on they would concentrate on football.
HO So at hot •n Events
Vol. 7 • No. 1
In the days preceding the game, northern sportswrit-ers attended Alabama’s practice sessions and got their first look at the team. Now, as they watched the Crimson Tide’s scrimmages, they began to narrow the odds, worried that the game might not be as one-sided has they had once thought.
Finally the big day arrived and the Rose Bowl stadium was packed. There were basically three groups of spectators; Alabama fans, Washington fans, and, by far the largest group, Californians with no particular allegiance to either team. Sportswriters and journalists from all around the nation, including Damon Runyon and Grantland Rice, were at the Pasadena stadium to cover the game. Throughout the contest they continually relayed Teletype reports to their bureaus and nothing was too insignificant to mention.
Washington, relying mostly on its powerful halfback, George Wilson, dominated the first half, but was only able to score 12 points. The Crimson Tide was, to put it mildly, not playing inspired football. But late in the second quarter, Wilson became overzealous when tackling Johnny Mack Brown. He hurled Brown to the ground and then viciously twisted his leg. Apparently officials didn’t see this infraction of the rules but the Bama squad did and they were enraged. Inadvertently, Wilson had motivated the Tide players far beyond what any coach’s pep talk could have done.
It may have been a coincidence but, a feiv plays later, Wilson was knocked unconscious. However, during a time out Washington trainers revived him and he was able to continue playing - but not for long. Next, Wilson went down with a hip injury and had to be assisted off the field. This injury kept him out of the game for the entire third quarter. Now, the fired up Crimson Tide began moving the ball but the quarter ended before they could put any points on the board.
The first half of the game didn’t satisfy anyone. Although Washington led by a score of twelve to nothing, its fans were not pleased. Neither were those sportswriters who had predicted that Washington would blow Alabama off the field. Alabama fans couldn’t believe that their boys didn’t score a single point in two quarters of play. And the Californians had to sit through a first half that would only appeal to defensive coaches.
It was a punishing first half because at that time the same players were required to play both offense and defense. These bedraggled young men made their way to their respective dressing rooms to rest and listen to any halftime adjustments their coaches might make. But Wallace Wade knew that the problem wasn’t his game plan. He had only one comment for his players, ‘And
they told me boys from the South would fight.’ With that he left the room.
We don’t know what effect Wade’s strange halftime behavior made on the players. However, it didn’t seem to bother Johnny Mack Brown who left the dressing room and casually strolled into the stadium to socialize. The University’s documentary has a wonderful shot of Johnny during halftime, sitting between two attractive Flappers, flashing his impish grin at the camera.
In the third quarter, Alabama decided to alter its game plan and improvise. In the opening series of downs, Quarterback Hubert called his own number 5 times in a row, running for 27 yards on his first carry. Four plays later he scrambled over the goal line for Alabama’s first touchdown. The point after was good and Washington’s lead was narrowed to 5 points.
After recovering a Washington fumble at midfield, the Crimson Tide took off again. This time Hubert flipped the ball to his other halfback, Grant Gillis, who promptly completed a 40-yard pass to Brown, who was finally brought down on Washington’s 5-yard line. On the next play, Johnny Mack Brown scampered into the end zone for the touchdown. The point after put Alabama ahead by a score of 14 to 12.
The defensive unit held Washington and Alabama again took possession. Pooley Hubert had his Bama squad huddled on its own 39 yard line; 61 yards away from the Washington end zone. Years later Johnny Mack Brown recalled what happened on the next play. ‘Pooley told me to run upfield as fast as I could. When I reached the three-yard line, I looked back and the ball was coming over my shoulder. I took it in stride and went over carrying somebody. The place was really in an uproar.’ The point after failed but the Crimson Tide was ahead by 8 points. In the first seven minutes of the third quarter, Alabama had scored three times to take a 20 to 12 lead.
Alabama fans were giddy. They hooted and hollered. Washington fans weife asktm and silent as the figures on Mount Rushmoret Xlso, they wdre, extremely perturbed at the Californians who were now cheering for the boys from the South. \
But Coach Wade was not smiling. He knew there was another quarter left to play and an eight-point lead was not enough against a powerhouse lil^e Washington. In the fourth quarter George Wilson returned to the game. Alabama drove the ball to the Huskies’ 12-yard line. But Washington stopped the Tide on a rourth and one play. Then the Huskies started to move with Wilson picking up 17 yards on first down, j^/few plays later Wilson caught a short |i|K aycniciai first down and then threw a 27-yard touchdpwn to quarterback George
■ gr	—
1/ Southern I:rents
Guttormsen. The point after cut Alabama’s lead to one.
Football is called a contact sport and there was a surplus of contact in the remaining minutes of this epic game. In fact, the fourth quarter of the 1926 Rose Bowl might rank as one of the most brutally physical quarters in football history. These young athletes had played three and a half quarters of backbreaking football. But neither side could allow the other to score. There was simply too much at stake. Old timers, remembering the game, claim that in the minutes remaining, no spectators were seated. Everyone was standing perfectly still and watching in total silence. It was so quiet, they said, that even in the top rows of the stadium, you could actually hear the blocking and tackling, the slapping of leather and the groans of the players.
The grueling minutes seemed to drag by. The Bama squad knew that in the time remaining Washington would rely on its best player, George Wilson, hoping he could make the big play. The outcome of the game depended on Alabama’s ability to contain the brawny halfback. But even though Alabama players swarmed him on every play, Wilson eventually managed to struggle free and break loose into the open field headed for the end zone. Many consider what happened next to be the biggest play of the game and it was certainly the most spectacular. As Washington fans watched in astonishment, Johnny Mack Brown caught up with Wilson and made an open-field tackle that put Washington’s strapping halfback on the ground. Alabama had risen to the occasion and it would not let Wilson break loose again.
As the final minute ticked away, Washington tried one last desperation pass. Alabama intercepted it, time ran out and the final whistle blew. The underdogs from Alabama had upset the Washington Huskies and won the 1926 Rose Bowl by a score of 20 to 19. And, in the process, they captured the NCAA’s coveted national championship for 1925.
Alabama fans were delirious and emotionally drained. The Californians were whooping it up. They had seen one hell of a football game. Washington’s coach left the field in a huff, refusing to congratulate Wallace Wade. In cities throughout the South, streets were mobbed with celebrating fans. Bars and lounges did a brisk business and police made no attempt to restore order. It was a long overdue celebration. For a while at least, Gettysburg and Appomattox were forgotten.
The long trip home was made even longer because the train had to make frequent stops at towns throughout the South. As brass bands played, the team would assemble on station platforms to be cheered by local citizens waving red and white bunting. Finally the train arrived at the
Voi.. 7 * No. 1
Tuscaloosa station and the players were greeted by thousands of fans who had been waiting for hours. The Mayor proclaimed the day as an official holiday and schools and businesses were closed
Two players in this legendary game were actually signed to Hollywood contracts and had long film careers: Washington’s Herman Brix and Alabama’s Johnny Mack Brown. Herman Brix, primarily because of his physique, began by playing Tarzan. His name was eventually changed to Bruce Bennett and he played several important roles over the years including parts in at least two Academy Award winning films, ‘Mildred Pierce’ and “The Treasure of the Sierra Madre.’
Johnny Mack Brown appeared with many of the famous actresses of the time including Greta Garbo, Jean Harlow and Joan Crawford. He also made comedies with Mae West. In 1930, MGM gave Brown the lead role in ‘Billy The Kid’ with Wallace Beery as Sheriff Pat Garrett. This led to years of Westerns and Brown became one of Hollywood’s top cowboy stars.
But the outcome of one high-profile football game could not transform the nation’s conduct toward the South. The inequitable government policies continued to restrain the South’s economy and the northern press persisted in its ridicule of Southerners. However, for discerning northerners, the 1926 Rose Bowl raised a troubling question: If reporters had so completely misjudged Southern football teams, shouldn’t their other reports about the South be suspect? And Southerners certainly began to wonder why they were allowing another region of the country to sit in judgement of their culture.
Andrew Doyle, a history professor at Winthrop University said of the game: ‘You can look at the 1926 Rose Bowl as the most significant event in Southern football history. What had come before was almost like a buildup, a preparation for this grand coming out party. And it was a sublime tonic for Southerners who were buffeted by a legacy of defeat, military defeat, a legacy of poverty, and a legacy of isolation from the American political and cultural mainstream.’
When professors catalogue history-altering events, they usually refer to political upheavals, military campaigns, scientific discoveries and new inventions. But the impact of other cultural phenomena should not be discounted. This famous game should be a discussion topic in textbooks and Southern history classes. The 1926 Rose Bowl was at least a spark, the genesis of a new regional pride for the South, and it marked the beginning of the end of the South’s exclusion from the rest of the nation.
Mr Gail Jarvis is an unreconstructed Southerner living in Beaufort, SC. This appeared in LewRockwell.com
2.2 Southern Events
Vol. 7 • No. 1
The View From Monteagle
Honouring Andrew Lytle on the Occasion of His Centennial (Continued from page one) by Joe Scotchie
It sounds desperate, the words of a man at the end of his rope. Then again, we spoiled modems want to have our way every time with every little thing. Andrew Lytle was not a pessimist. Along with Donald Davidson and Frank Owsley, he was in fact the most unreconstructed of the contributors to Fit Take My Stand. Lytle never backed down from the social statements and metaphysical visions that book articulated. In his youth, he studied at Harvard and in France.
As an aspiring actor, he had small parts in several major Broadway produc-tions. In the late 1940s, he briefly supervised the acclaimed creative writing program at the University of Iowa. Otherwise, Lytle’s life was spent in the South, teaching at Southwestern in Memphis, at the University of Florida, to finally, the University of the South, near his family’s ancestral land in Monteagle,
Tennessee. Late in life, Lytle happily settled into a log cabin at Monteagle.
While there, he opened his doors to streams of students, colleagues, and readers. It was, as one friend recalled, the closest thing to a Confederate Valhalla on this fallen earth.
Lytle spent five decades teaching literature. He wrote much literary criticism, publishing, at age 90, a short reading of Kristin Lavransdatter, the famed novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Nordic author, Sigrid Undset. This amateur critic prefers Lytle’s nonfiction. Several short stories, including ‘Jericho, Jericho, Jericho’ hit the mark, but his most famous novel, The Velvet Horn, grinds along too slow. Enough wisecracking. Lytle’s dramatic skills, I think, are best on display in the before mentioned^ Wake for the Living, and his biography of Nathan Bedford Forrest. His descriptive talents shine forth most brilliantly in ‘The Hind Tit,’ the greatest essay in the legendary Stand collection. Lyrical, lively, intimate, ‘The Hind Tit’ doesn’t preach or analyze, it simply illustrates why an agrarian life is bountiful, harmonious, and organic. The essay memorably dramatizes a republic of families (Lytle’s own arresting term), a political arrangement absolutely free of state control. Families work their .land and jealously guard its environs. Outside that world, real communities do exist. They come together at Saturday
night socials. In addition, that same community will help their less fortunate neighbours during times of need. Otherwise, the old saying about good neighbours and good fences holds fast.
At the same time Lytle was writing ‘The Hind Tit’ he was also finishing up his Forrest biography. Lytle’s friendship with Allen Tate and Tate’s own contacts in the Manhattan publishing world helped to get Bedford Forrest and His Critter Company in print. Tate had published his own biographies of Stonewall Jackson and Jefferson Davis for Minton, Balch and Company. The folks at Minton were apparently were pleased enough with those two books to give the Forrest biography a shot. Critics have called Bedford Forrest the finest single volume book ever written about the War. That’s only out of 100,000-plus (and counting) other War Between the States titles.
Why Forrest? Well, the Wizard of the Saddle thrived in a world that Lytle himself once knew. As Lytle liked to recall, he was bom in a time (1902) that was closer to the twelfth century than to the monstrous one that would triumph during his lifetime. It was, in short, a society defined by chivalry, honour, courage, compassion, and duty. The book itself documents Forrest’s battlefield heroics, while damning the ‘psychotic’ General Braxton Bragg, com- mander of the Army of Tennessee, a man who refused to understand Forrest’s genius, usually regulating him to defensive postures, rather than (as Robert E. Lee might have done) allowing Forrest to conduct offensive operations.
The book is about more than Forrest the warrior. Here is a portrait of a true hero in the classical sense: A man who fights for a cause ‘that we approve of’ (Lytle’s own definition), a soldier beloved by his men and his people, namely the yeomamy of middle Tennessee, northern Mississippi, and northern Alabama, places, among others in the South, where towns and counties, schools, highways and monuments bear Forrest’s name and deeds. Forrest was a brave man — during the course of the war, he had no less than twenty-nine horses shot out from under him. He was also a rough customer. Forrest once savagely whipped a deserting soldier in such a fashion that the story quickly became legend in both the North and South. As long as Forrest rode, folks in the mid-South held out hope that their bid for freedom might succeed. For them, he was every much an old-fashioned knight.
William Sherman, on the other hand, held somewhat different sentiments. If Forrest stayed in the saddle, there would never be peace in Tennessee. (Of course, if the Federals hadn’t invaded that state, there never would have been war.) One hundred thousand men and the entire Federal treasury should be put to work to guarantee Forrest’s demise. The tragedy, as noted, was that Forrest’s talents were never used properly by his superiors. There was Bragg, but also Jefferson Davis’s mistakes. In 1864, Davis replaced Joe Johnston (and with it, the successful defence of Atlanta), while putting the impetuous John Bell Hood in charge. Hood too was a brave soldier, but his later assaults on Franklin and Nashville proved catastrophic for the Army of Tennessee. Ever the gentleman, Davis, while attending Forrest’s funeral, admitted to his blunders, declaring that he never realized Forrest’s greatness or how to most effectively use it. A tragic figure, but like many ‘losers’ in history, an enduring one. Thanks in part to Lytle’s classic biography, Forrest is more alive today than at anytime since the end of the War.
Over four decades passed, betw eas Bedford Forrest and A Wake for the Living. Here, the tragedy of American history is played out on a broader scale. Like M. E. Bradford, Lytle believed the nation’s great dramas took place in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Both men would agree with Lord Acton, who in a letter to General Lee, claimed that what was lost at Appomattox undid the freedom won at Yorktown. Bradford’s critique was learned and scholarly. Lytle, being a novelist, gave a dramatic rendering to historical events. For the Revolutionary War, Lytle focussed on the victory at King’s Mountain, where the tall men of the Carolinas beat back the British in a battle that turned the tide in favour of the rebels. Meanwhile, a middle Tennessee family comes into their own. Then came more conflict. The War Between the States, according to Robert Frost, was ‘the greatest war since Troy.’ In short, another classical republic losing out to imperial forces. Industrialism, overdevelopment, the cult of mammon, and the surrender of the land all slowly followed. Compared to the catastrophe of the War, twentieth century trends seem anticlimactic.
The younger Lytle was brash, writing Bedford Forrest as if the War was still winnable. ‘The Hind Tit’ was part jeremiad, urging his fellow Southerners not to toss away their inheritance. ‘It is our own,’ he declared at the end of the essay, ‘and if we have to spit in the water bucket to keep it our own, we had better do it.’ As the decades passed, the older Lytle waxed more philosophical. With the world he knew falling apart around him, Lytle turned to the idea of Christendom, cultivating a vision of a
Christian society. What was Christendom? Mostly, it celebrated man sis a craftsman, man working for the glory of God, not for his own aggrandizement. A world, as much as possible, free from greed and envy. Not soft or sentimental, a people that recognised (as Martin Luther correctly declared) the devil as the ruler of this world: Hence, each generation contends forever against the chaos ‘always a-pounding on the doors of society.’ Examples in statesmanship were John Taylor of Caroline and John Randolph of Roanoke, men who opposed the ‘paper patronage’ of Wall Street-style economics, preferring instead, the tangible things that come from the earth.
The small farm, as Lytle noted in the title of his essay from Who Owns America? secures the state. Not everyone is a farmer, but the bounty from these folks upholds other professions in the community. On the field, there was Forrest, the knight who defended the most vulnerable members of society. Such was true even after the war, when Tennesseans, both white and black, often sought out Forrest’s protection and advice when suffering from the ravages of reconstruction.
Creating timeless literature was Andrew Lytle’s great gift. But it was only one aspect of his legacy. Not just the cabin at Monteagle, but the hospitality Lytle brought to all those who journeyed there is embedded in the memories of his legions of friends and acquaintances. Lytle in turn significantly enlightened any function graced by his presence. ‘Troops file through our fancy age and Andrew Lytle sits on a hill apart,’ observed Ward Allen in a 1991 essay. ‘When he comes down to mingle with the world, good cheer overtakes all. Who can forget his speech the 50th anniversary of 77/ Take My Stand? Grave scholars tickled, fell like children into fits of laughter.’ And why not be of good cheer? In the end, Lytle knew who will win. The times are satanic, but modernity is not the last word in the drama of human affairs.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a regular contributor to SE.
Works bv Andrew Lytle in print +Bedford Forrest and His Critter Company. (Nashville: J. S. Sanders and Company)
+The Long Night. (Tuscaloosa: Univ. of Alabama Press) +A Name for Evil. (J. S. Sanders)
+A Wake for the Living. (J. S. Sanders)
+From Eden to Babylon: The Social & Political Essays of Andrew Nelson Lytle. (Washington: Regnery Gateway)
+Kristin: A Reading. (Columbia: Univ. of Missouri Press) +The Lytle-Tate Letters, (edited by Thomas Daniel Young and Elizabeth Sarcone) (Jackson: University of Mississippi Press)