by Michael Tuggle
Bill Clinton, tearfully moralising about the NAACP’s demand to tear down the Confederate flag, likened Southerners defending the flag to Serbs rejecting the Rambouilet demands. So let’s see— the Serbs resisted Madeleine Albright’s ultimatum to surrender land held sacred by Serbian heritage. Southerners are resisting the
attempts of a well-financed pressure group to defame their culture. Does this make Southerners legitimate_
targets for NATO bombing runs?
The harsh measures necessary for handling intransigent traditionalists were graphically expressed by Professor Jon Huer in the July 1999 issue of Signs of the Times. Bill Clinton’s invasion of Serbia, says Dr Huer, represented a clash between high-tech logic, demonstrated by American pilots murdering civilians by remote control, and an outmoded order based on human relationships and the bonds of history.
The ultimate goal of the new American worldview is a wonderland of maximised consumption, where, according to Dr Huer, ‘each individual is isolated from other individuals so that his or her self-calculation can be logically derived without distraction from other human beings.’(Full story page 14)_
Without Southerners Free Speech
is Nonexistent by Lake E. High, Jr (p.27) The frightening future of PC’s despotic rule
Southern Preaching As Guerrilla
War by John Chodes (Special feature page 24)
The Silver Lining Behind the Flag Defeat
by Robert Whitaker
Many groups consider the Confederate flag as the be-all and end-all of their movement, just as conservatives in 1964 considered Goldwater’s defeat to be the end for them. As a result, they made it just that. They did not realise how far they had come. They had a chance to build on that, and they threw it all away. The flag defeat has taught Southerners a lesson we need for our nationalist movement to succeed. (Story page 16)
Metaphysical Neutrality in the Postmodern World by Martin Murphy
Neutrality is the phantom of egalitarianism. No society can be neutral and therefore egalitarianism is nothing more than the tyranny of a dysfunctional culture. (Full story page 20)_
GOP to Dixie: Drop Dead by Joe Scotchie
Concerning the South, the GOP has made its divorce official.
Or as Republican pollster Lance Tarrance claims, it has ‘moved from the Southern strategy we pursued for the last 3 decades...to an Hispanic strategy for the next 3 decades.* The real significance of this is that the GOP’s dash to the multicultural Left is in full swing. (Full story page 17)____________
The OTHER Union a British view by Andy Fear (p.18)

■
2 Southern Events
Spring 2000
Southern Events
☆
Southern Events is published quarterly by the Alabama League of the South. Articles express the opinion of the writer and not necessarily League positions. Articles may be reproduced (in entirety only) if credit is given to the author and Southern Events along with this information: ‘Subscriptions $15 yearly, P O Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517.* Southern Events uses Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Also loiown as Oxford Standard or British Orthography, it was commonly used in antebellum Dixie prior to the loss of self rule and the ensuing cultural ruin. Email us at South2@juno.com
Lap Dog Media Ibrns NAACP Failure Into Success. South Carolina Battle Flag to Come Down.
While the NAACP boycott of South Carolina was a success only in the eyes of the media, the constant harangue was enough to convince skittish businessmen, and nervous politicians. Amid distorted reports claiming tourism loss, made-to-order ‘polls’, and intense lobbying by the politically-correct, the South Carolina Legislature passed a bill removing the Confederate Battle Flag from the statehouse dome. The bill places the flag on a 30 foot pole near the Confederate monument in front of the statehouse, and requires a super-majority, two-thirds vote, to make any future changes in this or any other monument of historic importance.
As expected, this so-called ‘compromise’ was not enough, and the NAACP said the boycott would remain. In response, South Carolina Attorney General Charlie Condon said he was looking into the legality of the boycott and considering legal action.
The Fact That the Boycott Was a Sham, with Negligible Real Impact, Was Admitted even by The State, Columbia’s liberal newspaper, in an article by Dave L’Heureux. As the recent article states, tourism revenue is at an all time high. And Tom Sponseller, president of the Hospitality Association of South Carolina, said he believes the boycott had little real effect on tourism. While over 120 events were cancelled in obeisance to the NAACP, and the direct monetary loss for these events would be about $10 million, the facts showing an overall increase in revenue were ignored by the media in general.
As reported in the last issue of Southern Events,
tourism in South Carolina is at an all-time high this year and last year showed an increase over 1998.(The boycott began in mid-1999.) In 1999 tourism increased 11.1%, creating a record economic impact of $15.65 billion. Tourism-related tax receipts increased 9.7 %. The state Department of Parks, Recreation & Tourism said that visitor spending hit a record $7.14 billion, an increase of 5.7%, and that investments in hotels and other businesses related to tourism went up a whopping 66.5 %, to $1.09 billion. A spokesman said that the boycott primarily affected conventions, and a few entertainment or sports events, which only account for about 4% of the state’s overall hospitality industry.
What Were the Real Facts on the Polls? A number of reports claimed polls showed that most people wanted the flag down, but not all the polls agreed.
On Jan. 8,2000 the Charlotte Observer asked readers to respond to www.charlotte.com for one day. Of 5272 entries: Keep it on the dome 69%; Move it to the Circle of Flags 1 %; include the black liberation flag with it on the dome 3%; remove it to the relic room 21%; move it to the Confederate monument 6%.
Newsweek poll 1/31/00: Is the Confederate flag a symbol of racism? 32%; a symbol of Southern heritage that honours the Confederate war dead? 61%; not a bad symbol, but not worth keeping if it costs the state economically? 7%
CNN/SI (Sports Illustrated) 4/15/00: ‘Should the tours support the NCAA’s boycott of South Carolina by canceling their tournaments is that state?’ Yes: 37%. No: 63%. (3861 votes)
Vote.com: ‘Should South Carolina Remove the Confederate Flag from Their State Capitol?’ Yes: 20% (4,025 votes). No: 80%. (15,910 votes)
Richard Noegel, of Sparta, Georgia, earns his living analysing statistics, and he had some advice:
‘No poll should ever be taken seriously unless it tells you two things ... The first is, “Who paid for the poll?” The second is the exact polling questions - NOT a paraphrase from a reporter, a polling firm employee, or a member of the organisation(s) paying for the poll. Remember- you get what you pay for. And “polls” are no different. It is child’s play to ask a question in such a way that the respondent gives the polltakers’ desired response. This is not so uncommon as one might think. People are PAYING for results- BIG bucks.
‘Furthermore, one should view with reservation the press reports of the results of any poll that do not reveal exactly how the sample population was chosen and from what specific populations AND exactly what statistical method was used to analyse the raw data.’
3 Southern Events
Spring 2000
‘I Don’t See this as an Attack on the Flag... It Is an Attack on Biblical Christianity/ said SC League of the South chairman, Jay Mowery in an interview by an Augusta, Georgia newspaper. In response to the reporter’s question he said, ‘The egalitarian liberals, socialists and lap dogs in the NAACP deny it, but they are out to destroy the last remaining region that stands for biblical Christianity.’
‘That’s what our ancestors fought against in the Revolutionary War and the First War for Southern Independence,’ Mr. Mowery said. ‘It’s what secessionists are talking about when they say, “Now more than ever.”
‘Even today, under the American flag, the government is committing atrocities against its own citizens that the Geneva Conventions would not allow against a foreign enemy. There was no need for citizens to die at Waco and Ruby Ridge....
‘This fight is all about our culture- getting rid of our symbols is an important step toward erasing our cultural identity. Don't believe for one minute that the people who want to eliminate Southern culture don't understand the power of symbols.’
‘Decent South Carolinians will never consent to removal of their symbol from atop the Capitol dome. Yes, the Flag may come down, but we believe the Flag will become more visible than ever within our State. Our proud and patriotic citizens will see to that. Let the Flag fly everywhere as a reminder to our turncoat politicians that there will be a price to paid in the next election. Come November, the reckoning is at hand.’ The Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence Was a Signal Success. An estimated 3,500 compatriots joined in the parade to the Montgomery capitol building and the events that led up to the signing on 4 March. A blue banner led the march, emblazoned with ‘No King But Jesus.’ Bagpipers and Mrs Alberta Martin, last Confederate widow, were in the forefront, as a myriad of Confederate flags of every kind were unfurled.
Even though the crowd was smaller than Columbia, the event was considered by most to be an historic success because the focus was more revolutionary: ‘cultural independence of the Southern people’, and not just defence of the flag.
Ronnie Simmons, Alabama SCV Division Commander, summed up the sense of the day’s purpose in his opening remarks, stating, ‘We ARE a people’. The Montgomery Advertiser and the local TV stations railed against the event all week, and hinted at ‘possible violence’ in an obvious attempt to scare away families
and law-abiding citizens. In Sunday’s paper, participants were portrayed as wackos in a political cartoon reminiscent of 1940s Communist propaganda.
The speeches and music promoted the Southern people’s heritage, culture, and future, and decried the moral decay, the media, and the federal government.
The Montgomery police were out in full riot gear, in numbers way out of proportion to the event, and stood just a few feet behind the crowd in an intimidating line. They refused to let in late-comers, and warned those leaving that they would not be allowed to come back in.
The event was initiated by the League of the South and officially sponsored by the Alabama Heritage Coalition, representing several different organisations. ‘We have a cultural heritage we are proud of and we will defend it by all honourable means,’ said Dr Michael Hill, League president.
Mrs Pat Godwin, leader of the Order of Confederate Rose, said, ‘The South and her people have been suffering from the “battered wife syndrome”... if you’re beat up long enough you start to believe you deserve it.’
‘The South was right! Say it loud enough that they can hear you in Selma with Mr Clinton!’ said Donnie Kennedy, referring to the following day’s events in Selma, where Clinton went to help stir up Democratic voters for the coming election.
Dr Jim Kibler, author of Our Father's Fields, read a poem he wrote for the event, ‘Standing on the Star, 2000.’ (Presented in its entirety on page 13)
Dr Clyde Wilson, League Director, spoke just before the signing of the declaration, ‘Our immediate fathers and many of us here have given America our love and loyalty and service. Our love has gone unrequited and our loyalty and service consumed with no return but contempt. The America to which we gave no longer exists. There are many good people within it, but"as a civilisation, America is a failed proposition....
‘America has no room for forebears or descendants, only present consumers. More importantly still, America is incapable of the moral discipline necessary for a Christian society....America has become exactly what General Lee predicted in 1866: “the consolidation of the states into one vast republic, sure to be aggressive abroad and despotic at home, will be the precursor of ruin.”
‘We Are Entitled to Our Customs and Traditions and Beliefs, Our Identity As A People,’ said Wilson. ‘Our desire to be ourselves should not be confused with aggression. It should not be confused with the desire to make other people conform to ourselves, which is the hallmark of current America.
4 Southern Events	  _	Spring	2000
‘It would be much better if we could act as our fathers of ‘76 and ‘61 did, through our official institutions, but our institutions have been bought and sold. They are no longer ours in any substantive sense. Therefore, it is up to us to act now if we are ever to have the motherland of our desire.'
Dr Tom Fleming, League Director and editor of Chronicles magazine, ended his speech with a call to ‘Independence now!’ and the crowd took up the chant.
Observed one League member, ‘It would be hard to describe the aura of feeling that floated on the air as speaker after speaker stirred the crowd in a rekindling of long dormant nationalistic, and patriotic fervour.... The crowd represented the growing numbers of Southerners awakened to who they are, and about the true nature of the struggle some 135 years ago.’
If You Missed this Great Event, Order Your Copy of the 90-minute Video of the 4 March 2000 ‘Southern Cultural Independence Day Celebration’ today.
Send $19.95 plus $3 S & H to: League of the South, P O Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404. Ala. residents add 8% sales tax. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery.
A Special Numbered (l-lOOO)Commemorative of the event is available, done on heavy stock, 13” x 14” with a line drawing of the Alabama State Capitol and the text of the original poem, ‘Standing On the Star, 2000’, by Dr James E. Kibler. Each one is signed by Dr Kibler and Dr Hill. Cost is $15 (plus $2 S & H).
A Facsimile Copy of the ‘Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence,’ signed on 4 March 2000 in the ‘Cradle of the Confederacy,’ is available for $25 (+$3 S & H). Orders for this and the commemorative should be sent to: LoS, P O Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404.(See the full text of the Declaration, p. 11)
Blackout on Politically Incorrect Crime Continues. You Probably Did Not Hear About ‘Black Spring Break’ in Biloxi. Note: this report is graphic! Biloxi black radio talk show host Rip Daniels stole the Confederate flag from the beach display earlier this year and ignited a controversy. Rallies were organised by the League of the South and other groups which support the flag, and counter demonstrations followed.
Then Daniels helped launch ‘Black Spring Break 2000’. An estimated 25,000 hit the Mississippi Gulf Coast for a three-day unrestrained beach party.
Many Local residents, particularly those with beachfront property, were horrified at what they saw. Nudity was rampant, couples were fornicating in people’s yards, many were seen urinating in the open, foul language filled the air, and obscene gestures were made toward women of all ages. Several women were
physically abused and raped. One white girl was assaulted outside a fast food restaurant by several blacks (some equipped with cameras) as she tried to wade through a crowd to get to her car. Several males shouted, ‘There’s a white girl, there’s a white girl’ as they began to tear clothes from her body.
Shoplifting, breaking of windshields, and stabbings were rampant. At O’Charley’s more than 120 people sat down, ate, and walked out. After two local restaurants and IHOP closed temporarily because of this, their doors were ripped off the hinges amid shouts of ‘racist pigs.’ The casinos lost over a million dollars. The mall was shut down. The insides were tom apart rafter to rafter, and graffiti covered the walls. In the outlet mall whole shelves of clothes were being stolen, the thieves taking out as much as they could carry.
Women on the beach were seen laying out naked, while men, lined up some twenty deep, awaited their turn. A friend of Mississippi League chairman John Cripps said that her car came to a halt in the traffic jam, and a couple climbed on the hood and had sex there in front of her and the passengers. One woman reported how she and her 13-year-old daughter, while stopped in traffic, were subjected to an obscene performance as a black male unzipped his pants and waved his private parts just outside the daughter’s window. Several men stood naked facing the highway throwing objects into the oncoming cars and screaming their hatred for the white people of South Mississippi. Many similar stories were called into the radio stations.
At the peak of the chaos, Daniels went on the air on his station, Jazz 94.5, to say, ‘If the white man uprises, we must shoot him.’
The Harrison County Sheriff said he was powerless to control such a crowd. The local liberal media and some black leaders have said that the event was a great success and that it was no worse than a typical Mardi Gras celebration.
On the Saturday before Easter Sunday the Mississippi League of the South held a rally in Biloxi to demonstrate the contrast of behaviour by those honouring the flag. Michael Hill, one of the speakers, said the rioters were just ‘children of the empire.’
Mississippi League of the South State Chairman, John Cripps, Announces Bid for Governor. Part of Cripps’ Statement:
‘The campaign of ethnic cleansing against Mississippi and the entire South has increased at a disturbing and rapid pace since the inauguration of Governor Ronnie Musgrove.
‘It’s time to free Mississippi from the clutches of big government, big business, big media, and big religion,
5 Southern Events
Spring 2000
all of which are complicit in this campaign of ethnic cleansing and cultural genocide. These forces—alien to our Sovereign State—are strangling the life out of our traditional Christian civilisation.
‘For example, big government—the American Empire in Washington—has consolidated power in the hands of a liberal Establishment that treats Mississippi as a mere administrative province.Big international corporations, with the aid of corrupt politicians on the take, have moved into our communities, promising jobs and economic prosperity; but in reality they have destroyed vibrant small family businesses and have actually drained wealth from our State. Moreover, these corporations, many of them absentee owned, have damaged the environment for our hunters and fishermen. This is not the sort of Biblical stewardship that the good people of Mississippi deserve.
‘Big media—movies and television as well as newspapers—have portrayed Mississippi and her sister States in the South as a cultural backwater, deserving of only scorn or ridicule. They have distorted Southern symbols and denied our right to interpret or display those symbols. They have demonized our Southern heroes; they have distorted Southern history to advance their perverted ideas of social justice. Big religion, as exemplified by the National Council of Churches, has watered down the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ to make it more palatable to current fad and fashion. The result has been an emasculated, feminized “church” ministered to by liberal capons who have led the body of Christ away from her duty to take charge in both the civil and familial spheres of government.
‘Mississippi needs a man who will dare speak truth to power. Mississippi needs a man who will free her from the cultural genocide that imperils her future. And Mississippi needs a man who will reclaim her Sovereign authority from an illicit and despotic federal government, and from it’s compliant servants in our own capital of Jackson.’
For info: Mississippi LS, PO Box 613, Wiggins, MS 39577. (601) 928-9063 www.pointsouth.com
Alabama’s Attorney General to Governor: ‘We Will Not Prosecute John Teeter for placing the Confederate Battle Flag on the Capitol dome in January.’ The state decided to drop the case, reportedly out of fear of Teeter becoming a ‘folk hero.’
A Victory Emerged for Dr Winston McCuen, fired over a year ago by St. Joseph’s High School, a Catholic parochial school in Greenville, SC. McCuen’s ‘crime’ was his refusal to remove a tiny battle flag from a historic flag display in his classroom, and after it was removed by the school authorities, refusing to pledge allegiance to the US flag in school assembly, as a
protest. Dr McCuen courageously refused to cave in, retaining the SLRC and suing the school after he was dismissed, alleging that his contract was violated.
Dr McCuen and the school reached a settlement through mandatory arbitration, and both parties are under a non-disclosure agreement. However, a reliable source says that McCuen is happy with the settlement.
Sources believe that the nine weeks of vigils held at the school every Friday morning at 7:30 were extremely effective in bringing about a resolution to this case. Each Friday, between 3 and 20 protestors made their presence known at St. Joe’s. Sources say the school’s administration was most uncomfortable with the ongoing vigil and attention. The leader of the daily protest was Nelson Waller, writer and LoS member.
A Mobile, Alabama Review Committee Will Recommend Removing the Confederate Battle Flag from Mobile’s official seal and replacing it with the Stars and Bars, according to a committee member, in a report near the end of May at a City Council meeting.
Galveston, Texas, Group Seeks Removal of the SCV Symbol from the City’s Welcome Sign. SCV Camp Commander, J. H. King, responded, ‘To obliterate a people's heritage under the guise of attacking racism is an injustice as great as any this land has witnessed since its inception as republic.’
The Third National Confederate Flag Was Burned in May at a display near the Marion County Governmental Complex in Ocala, Florida. The flag is part of a five flags display that has recently came under attack from the NAACP. The County Commission was asked to remove the flag a week earlier.
The Florida SCV has posted a $1,000 reward leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible. The flag was replaced, and the Commission is reported to be 4-1 in favour of keeping the flag flying.
Forrest to be Honoured for His Defence of Selma. Pat Godwin of Selma, Alabama, OCR leader and LS member announced that a life-size bronze bust monument to Nathan Bedford Forrest will be placed on a granite pedestal outside in the gardens at the Smitherman building there on 15 July. Mrs. Godwin, who launched the project, said, ‘Nathan Bedford Forrest finally will receive the homage due to him for his presence here in Selma in April 1865 in defending our arsenal and foundry!’ The project was sponsored by the OCR, SCV and local UDC groups.
The account of the Battle of Selma will be engraved on the granite, along with biographical information about Forrest, and a quote, plus credit to those responsible for funding.
6 Southern Events
wb
CSS Hunley, First True Submarine
Divers Doing Preparatory Work to Raise the Confederate Submarine Hunley in 30 feet of water off Charleston, discovered a large hole in the vessel's stem. The CSS Hunley sank the USS Housatonic in Feb. 1864, becoming the first submarine in history to sink a warship in battle. The Housatonic sank in under five minutes, but the Hunley never returned.
The gash found in the submarine could have been caused by a collision with another ship on the night it attacked the Housatonic, or by an anchor that was inadvertently dragged over the wreckage. Divers plan to lift the sub in July using a maritime crane.
More than 2,500 came to Magnolia Cemetery in April for a ceremony for five of the Hunley’s first crew. ‘The spirit of the Southern people is just amazing to me,* said Carol Louttit, a tourist from Rhode Island, who was making her first trip to Charleston and watched the procession. ‘It's wonderful to see them take their heritage so seriously.’
Visitors to National Civil War Battlefields Must Now Hear Leftist Politics instead of information about military tactics and casualty figures. Soon the subject of slavery will be addressed in lectures and exhibits at the orders of Congress, the result of language inserted in an appropriations bill by Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. The bill mandates that slavery be addressed at all federally financed battlefields.
Cadets at VM1 Punished for Honouring Southern Heritage. During the annual New Market Ceremonies at VMI in May, the Pipers (a unit of the regimental band, consisting of bagpipes and flutes) inserted a few bars of ‘Dixie’ during the middle of one of their usual selections. They had voted unanimously to do so.
‘Dixie’ had not been heard on VMI’s parade ground since 1974, when the song was officially discontinued after objections by black cadets. However, there was
Spring 2o0o
nothing official in playing the few bars that the pipers played. It was simply Z exclamation of pride-the first in a quarter-century-of Confederate heritage.
The drum piper and the drum major were busted in rank. The junior cadet who was going to be next year's pipe major has been stripped of that promotion. Letters supporting the cadets should be sent immediately to: MGEN Josiah Bunting, III, Superintendent Smith Building, VMI Lexington, VA 24450 ‘Dixie’ Will Resonate Across the Citadel Campus Less Often. The Citadel Board of Visitors voted in May to leave it up to college President Maj. John Grinalds to decide when it is appropriate to play the song. The board’s decision came without discussion or debate, and was prompted by the college’s African American Society, which asked administrators to limit how often ‘Dixie’ is played. Cadets can opt out of playing or standing in formation when it is played.
In Hertford, NC, a Local Landmark, Two-Story Confederate Mural Will be Replaced with one that depicts ‘racial harmony’ according to the owner of the building, Eerie Haste, Jr. The Mural was painted on the side of his two-story building and hardware store by Rebecca Spivey, a local high school art teacher with the help of students and others in 1983. Sources say Haste lost the last mayoral election by 15 votes and after counseling with the local NAACP on the forthcoming race, decided to have it removed.
Supporters of the Hays High Rebels in San Marcos, Texas, met on the County Courthouse lawn waving Battle Flags in protest of recent attempts to change the school’s symbols. Eric Patterson, a Hays High graduate and parent of two students, said the flag is a necessary reminder of the values for which his ancestors fought. ‘The Confederate soldiers were our kin folk and our heroes, there are some things that were not surrendered at Appomattox. We have a right to teach our children the true history of that war.*
Gore Calls Southern Heritage ‘That Accumulated Heritage of Injustice’ in a political speech to more than 800 people at a largely black church in New York.
League Director Jack Kershaw is Establishing a Southern Bar Association. Interested parties should contact him at (615)292-2316.
League of the South Website, ‘Dixienet’ introduces a ‘Southern News’ page, updated every 48 hours to keep readers informed of uncensored news from the South and beyond. The URL is www.dixienet.org
7 Southern Events
Spring 2000
Gov George W. Bush, Pressured by the NAACP, Replaced Two Confederate Plaques that have hung outside Texas* highest courts for 40 years. The removed plaques quote Robert E. Lee and have an engraving of the Confederate Battle Flag.
The Virginia NAACP Seeks to End the Annual Designation of April As Confederate History Month in that state. Salim Khalfani, executive director of the state NAACP, and Richmond City Councilman Sa’ad El-Amin, who led the campaign last year to erase a portrait of Robert E. Lee on a city-sponsored mural, are also demanding that Monument Avenue, a street through the Richmond’s historic district, with statues of Confederate war heroes, be ‘privatized.’ El-Amin said, ‘We have to dismantle this whole Confederate infrastructure because it glorifies slavery.*
Earlier this year, the Richmond City Council, with a black majority, changed the names of two city bridges from the names of Confederate generals to black leaders. The Lee mural was firebombed during the Lee-Jackson-King celebration this year.
Last year, the Virginia legislature rejected an SCV bid to put their logo on specialty license plates.
Angered that Alabama Gov Don Siegelman declared April ‘Confederate History and Heritage Month,9 black lawmakers in the state asked him to amend the proclamation to include a condemnation of slavery. Siegelman, a Democrat, was elected in 1998 with strong support from blacks. Spokeswoman Carrie Kurlander said that Siegelman ‘certainly condemns slavery,’ but that ‘with regard to this proclamation, it’s already been issued.’ The governor’s office would review any request for a new proclamation, she said.
Stone Mountain Confederate Cemetery Flagpole Cut down by Stone Mountain Mayor. In 1994, the local SCV camp asked the city’s permission to put up a flag pole in the Confederate cemetery. It was refused, so the group raised money to buy 4 plots in the section, and confirmed that it was legal to put a pole there.
On 15 April 2000, a 30' pole was installed at a cost of over $2,000. The black Mayor, an NAACP member, called the group and said that he did not want the Battle Flag to fly, but wanted them to fly the First National Confederate flag instead. The group refused.
On 25 April 2000, the day before the Confederate Memorial Day ceremonies were slated to begin and the flag was to be dedicated, the Mayor had the pole cut to pieces with metal saws and the remainder dug up. He had police there to prevent members from intervening.
The SLRC and attorney Sam Dickson, representing the SCV, filed a lawsuit against the City and Council. US Civil Rights Law was cited, and a temporary
restraining order was sought to prevent the police from interfering with the planned memorial service later in the evening. At about 3 PM the Judge granted the order, calling the Mayor’s raid ‘Gestapo tactics.’
At 7:30 PM the event took place with 400 in attendance, and all of the Atlanta media covering it. A crane was loaned to the group which was used to raise a huge Battle Flag about 100 feet high on a plastic pole.
Rock Musician Ted Nugent Speaks Out for the Battle Flag. Rocker Ted Nugent, a long-time opponent of PETA, gun-control, and other leftist groups, spoke out about the Confederate Battle Flag in a recent concert. He also let loose with profanity aimed at Janet Reno, A1 Gore, Jesse Jackson and the NAACP.
Nugent, dressed in a Confederate-flag-emblazoned shirt, said, ‘Those politically correct (expletive) can take the flag down, but I am going to wear it forever.* He stood with his guitar behind his back and displayed the Battle Flag on his chest, and the crowd of about 11,000 cheered.
Federal Appeals Court Upholds Suspension of Seventh-grader Who Drew a Confederate Flag in math class. T. J. West, a student in Derby, Kansas, received a three-day suspension in 1998 for the drawing. Officials said it violated a school district policy forbidding students to have material that is ‘racially divisive or creates ill will or hatred.*
The Virginia-based Rutherford Institute, which sued the school district on T. J.’s behalf, said his First Amendment right to freedom of speech had been violated. A federal judge dismissed the lawsuit in 1998, and the appeals court agreed Tuesday, saying schools ‘need to be able to impose disciplinary sanctions for a wide range of unanticipated conduct disruptive of the educational process.’
Georgia Flag Stolen and Pole Knocked Down on Confederate Memorial Day in Hickory, NC. The incident was just one of many acts of cultural cleansing across the South that day.
Alabama Scalawag Roger Bedford Hires Hank Sanders Son-on the public payroll-for $36,000 a year of Alabamian’s tax money. When Bedford ran against Jeff Sessions for the US Senate seat, the press revealed that the state had run a water line to Bedford’s property (hunting camp) in Wilcox County.
It doubled the value of Bedford’s property there, but was embarrassing revelation. Hank Sanders stepped in to say that he had gotten the grant to run the line to Bedford’s property and that he (Sanders) was responsible. Hank tried to take the fall and save Bedford on that misuse of state funds.
8 Southern Events
The Anti-racist Movement- an Extortion Racket Morris Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center are darlings of the Lap Dog Press, and heeded by law enforcement agencies with alarming reverence. Dees rakes in big bucks playing on the fears of liberals and minorities. The SPLC now reportedly has about $100 million in the bank.
NewMax.com reported criticism of Dees from an unexpected source- the leftwing CounterPunch. The monthly magazine reports that the SPLC’s ‘recent Intelligence Report’ details a ‘preposterous theory ... that the WTO protest was a nexus for a far-flung cryptofascist conspiracy comprised of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and other shock troops of the Far Right.’
‘CounterPunch says “This is not the first time that the SPLC has covered for government thuggery.” The liberal publication said SPLC sided against Randy Weaver, “thus undercutting liberal outrage over the government’s violations of Weaver’s constitutional rights.” The group also belittled criticism of the government’s handling of the Waco standoff and said such films as Waco: The Rules of Engagement were nothing but anti-government propaganda.’
Robert Stacy McCain, an author who has contributed frequently to Southern Events, and who writes for the Washington Times, recently had an article published in the Times about the SPLC. Soon afterwards, there was an ominous phone call to his boss saying that McCain had ‘questionable involvements’ with ‘dangerous groups* and that the paper might find him a liability.
In the article McCain Quoted Laird Wilcox, author of the 1999 book The Watchdogs:
‘There is an anti-racist industry entrenched in the United States that has attracted bullying, moralizing fanatics, whose identity and livelihood depend upon growth and expansion of their particular kind of victimization.’ Naming such organisations as the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), based in Montgomery, Ala., Mr. Wilcox claims ‘the anti-racist movement has become a massive extortion racket.’ McCain noted, ‘Mr. Wilcox is not the only critic of the SPLC. Former employees of the organisation have called the SPLC “a joke” and “evil,” and have called Mr. Dees “amoral.” Former black employees have claimed they were discriminated against by the SPLC.
‘In The Watchdogs, Mr. Wilcox chronicles several recent scandals involving anti-racist groups, including: ‘The Center for Democratic Renewal (CDR), an Atlanta-based group begun in 1979 as the National Anti-Klan Network, sparked a national media uproar in 1996 by Haiminf “a well-organised white-supremacist
_Sprin9 2000
movement” was responsible for an “epidemic” of attacks against black churches in the South. 318011 ‘Within months, journalists and law enforcement officials had concluded that church-burnings had actually declined, that racism was a motive in less than half of the arsons, and that white churches were more often targeted by arsonists.’
McCain states that according to Wilcox, ‘most watchdog groups try to use “links and ties” to imply connections between individuals and groups. “It's kind of like three Catholics hold up a bank in San Francisco, and you blame the pope,”’ Wilcox said. ‘The “links and ties” of anti-racist groups reveal their own political agendas ... the book details how the Center for Democratic Renewal was an offshoot of the Communist Workers Party, a Maoist split of the “New Left.”
In a Related Case, the US Air Force is being Sued Under FOIA Over Briefings by the SPLC. Robert Clarkson filed suit in the United States District Court for South Carolina, Docket #8:97-1882 under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) against the USAF Special Operations Command (AF SOC) at Hurlbut Field, Florida and other locations over a military training course called ‘Dynamics of International Terrorism.
The course is based on materials purchased from the Southern Poverty Law Center. Although the materials are actually fund-raisers for the SPLC rather than true educational materials, they have been distributed to military bases with government approval where they have been used to indoctrinate troops.
Among SPLC items distributed are the booklet ‘False Patriots’ and a brochure, ‘Keeping Watch.’ Both documents include fund raising requests for the SPLC.
In response to a FOIA request by Clarkson, the AF SOC released the class materials including records of payment for them. However, none of the released material had anything to do with any ‘international’ operations, and nothing about real terrorism. The booklet and pamphlet were strictly leftist-oriented scare propaganda targeting religious and political organisations, many of whom call for a return to government accountability. ‘False Patriots’ encourages the public to trust the Clinton administration.
Since the military failed to produce anything documenting the ‘international terrorism’ it associates with these patriotic organisations, Clarkson filed an administrative appeal to the Secretary of the Air Force under the FOIA, filed supplemental FOIA requests for release of documents and finally the FOIA lawsuit. With it he plans to stop programs which teach American soldiers to treat innocent people as terrorists.
9 Southern Events
Spring 2000
Although 3 Early Suits Were Dismissed, 190 Cities Have Joined the Government’s Extortion Effort Against Gun Makers. So far, Smith and Wesson is the only one to agree to hand over a portion of their profits to anti-gun forces in fear of a bankruptcy threat.
After One Year of the Gun Ban in Australia, Crime Has Risen. Since gun owners in Australia were forced to surrender 640,381 personal firearms, a program costing the government more than $500 million dollars, the results are in: Country-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent, assaults are up 8.6 percent, and armed robberies are up 44 percent. In the state of Victoria, homicides with firearms are up 300 percent. Figures over the previous 25 years had shown a steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms.
Australian politicians are on the spot and at a loss to explain how no improvement in ‘safety’ has been observed after such monumental effort and expense was successfully expended in ‘ridding society of guns.’ Anti-Gun ‘Million Mom March’ Fraud Produced and Directed by the Clinton White House and Leftist Media. Pictures of the crowd showed it was substantially less than the recent ‘Promise-Keepers’ which were credited with 300,000, although the media reported 500,000.
Donna Dees-Thomases took a temporary leave from her corporate post at CBS, where she works for Dan Rather, to organise the march. The Clinton White House hosted strategy meetings, Joe Lockhart admitting, ‘we worked with them.’ Leftist friends, such as George Soros, donated thousands of dollars.
Clinton Not on the Ballot but Finished 2nd in a Poll of the Most Evil People of the Past 1000 Years. According to the New York Post, so many people wrote in Clinton’s name that he finished second, only 39 votes behind Adolf Hitler. Hillary was also a write-in, finishing sixth, ahead of such folks as Charles Manson, and Jeffrey Dahmer.
Tufts University Christian Fellowship Was Shut Down because they refused to accept as a member a woman with outspoken pro-homosexual views.
In Contrast to the US Courts, Russia’s Parliament Recently Mandated All Public Schools in Russia to begin and end the school day with prayer.
Homeschoolers Take Top Honours at National Spelling Bee. The first, second and third place winners at the Washington, DC event were all home-schooled.
A DNA Test Has Failed to Link a Descendant of Monticello Slave Tom Woodson to Thomas Jefferson, according to a retired pathologist who performed the test. Woodson’s descendants claim he was the son of Jefferson and slave Sally Hemings.
Eugene A. Foster, a former pathologist, conducted the DNA test on the Rev. Thomas Woodson of Dayton, Ohio, a descendant of Tom Woodson’s third son. The analysis found no match with the Jefferson family ‘Y’ chromosome, which passes unchanged from son to son.
University of Iowa Official Called White Men ‘The Root of Most Evil.’ A civil rights complaint against the school has been filed after Vice-President Ann Rhodes made the statement 20 April that she thought the suspect in a series of alleged campus ‘hate’ incidents ‘was going to be a white guy between 25 and 55, because they’re the root of most evil.’ The suspect in the case turned out to be a black female student.
Whites Throughout Zimbabwe Have Been Subjected to Beatings, Rape and Murder. After the white women are raped and the white men are killed, gangsters seize their property. There is no legal recourse available to the victims as the government is sponsoring this terrorism. Add Zimbabwe to the growing list of African atrocities being ignored by both the media and the government in the United States.
As also reported in Southern Events, the Muslim government in Sudan has victimized over 2 million black people. Men have been tortured, mutilated, even crucified. Women and children have been brutalized.
Another under-reported story by the American media is the ever-growing rate of violence in South Africa since Egalitarianism came into power. The raping of white women in this African nation is now epidemic. AIDS is at an epidemic level, and adding to the misery is an urban myth that raping a virgin will cure AIDS.
California’s Legislature Redefines ‘Gender’ in Postmodern Terms. A vote to define ‘sex’ to include a person’s ‘perception’ of what gender they are could mean lawsuits for refusing to employ cross-dressers and transvestites, as well as making any distinctions in bathrooms or dressing rooms a violation of law.
Scientists Hope to Create Life with Artificial DNA. Dr Craig Venter detailed at a conference in January 2000 ongoing progress of an effort to make bacteria using artificial DNA. Professor David Magnus, a scientist at the University of Pennsylvania’s Center for Bioethics, said that it would be ‘a short step’ from making a basic bacteria to creating animals and plants.
Venter hopes to use parts salvaged from dead bacteria to create his artificial bug. He says the synthetic ‘designer bacteria’ could be beneficial. Scientists could learn how to produce customised genes and build organisms for eating radioactive waste or cleaning up after oil spills, for example. They could be programmed to produce a new generation of powerful drugs.
Dr Venter runs the Institute for Genomic Research, a
10 Southern Events
private company based in Maryland which is taking part in the international Human Genome Project - the unravelling of human DNA. Using super-computers and gene sequencing techniques used to decipher the human genetic code. Dr Venter and his colleagues have worked out a blueprint for a living organism. Using artificial DNA, Dr Venter believes that it is possible to build up a DNA molecule, gene-by-gene, that will form the foundation for a synthetic lifeform.
‘There are some serious implications,’ Professor Magnus conceded. ‘A major worry is the effect on the environment of unleashing something totally new into nature. The second concern is that this makes possible biological weapons research and especially biological terrorism in a way that hadn't existed before.
Report on the Alabama State Flag Initiative by Walter L. Bryant, Director, Alabama State Flag Initiative:
‘Alabama State Flag Bill, HB163, sponsored by Rep. Johnny Curry from Huey town, was voted out of House Government Committee chaired by Rep. John Hilliard on 15 March 2000. It went into the full House where it sat dormant until 4 May when it was brought up for vote. It was blocked by a filibuster on another bill not related to the State Flag Bill.
‘Alabama’s State Flag is off the calendar for this year, but Johnny Curry will sponsor it the next regular session, January 2001. House Democrat Jack Venable, and House Majority Leader Ken Guin favours the bill.
‘Three years ago, among all of the state buildings in Montgomery, there were only three state flags flying. In the rest of the state, Alabama’s flag has disappeared from many cities, county and state facility buildings. Alabama House Bill 163 was designed to force a change in that. That is what the ASFI is all about.
‘Throughout history it has been common knowledge that a body of people can be drawn to a common cause by symbolism, and in the absence of symbolism, the cause may fail. Symbols identify who we are, what we are, and where we are.
‘We have inherited traditions which are uniquely ours: courtesy, honesty, Christianity, a speech which we gladly pass on to our children and grandchildren, our food and whatever other things which are uniquely ours as Southerners and Alabamians, and, certainly, our state flag which symbolises all of that and much more.
‘Some have dared take it down for whatever reason they may imagine, but it is now tune we Alabamians got it put back up. We intend to see this through.*
The Fifth Annual League of the South Summer School will be held 25-30June at Beersheba Springs, Tennessee. Faculty: Dr Clyde Wilson (U. Of South
Spring 2000
Carolina), Dr Tom Fleming (U. Of Virginia), Dr Do Livingston (Emory U.), Dr Michael Hill Alabama), Tom Landess (Editor of Southern Partisan) and a number of other stellar speakers.
Tuition, Room and Board is $495.00 for this intensive six-day school. It will be held in a beautiful old antebellum hotel. To register send your name, address phone number and cheque to: League of the South, P o Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404.
The LSI Summer School in Baton Rouge Will Be Held 22-24 June at the J. Y. Sanders Home. Topic is ‘The Southern Constitutional Tradition.’ Faculty: Dr Marshall De Rosa (Florida Atlantic U.), Dr Donald Livingston (Emory U.), and John Remington Graham, LL.B. member of the Bar of the Minnesota Supreme Court and of the US Supreme Court, and advisor to the amicus curiae before the Canadian Supreme Court for Quebec on their right to secede.
Tuition is $125.00 for adults, $80.00 for students. Fee includes banquet on 22 June. To Register send a cheque to: League of the South, P O Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404-0910. Accommodations are at the COMFORT INN, Baton Rouge. Conference rate: $56 per room.
The LSI is Sponsoring a Virginia Summer Seminar which will run from Thursday evening 27 July to Saturday afternoon 29 July in Staunton, Virginia. Designed for college and graduate students, the Seminar will cover Southern history, politics, religion, literature, and culture. Faculty: Dr Clyde Wilson (U. South Carolina), Dr Frank Ball (Blue Field State College), and Dr William Wilson (U. Va).
The Registration Fee of $120.00 includes all meals and instructional costs. To Register send a cheque to: ‘League of the South Institute’ % William Wilson, 2712 Grey Fox Spur, Charlottesville, VA 22901. (804)295-3100; e-mail wmw2v@virginia.edu
Details, directions, and a packet of assigned readings will be sent upon payment. Lodging will be at the SLEEP INN in Staunton, Virginia, at the intersection of 1-81 and 1-64. Special Room rate of $45/night, double occupancy. Call (800)488-8750 for reservations and mention that you will be attending the LSI Seminar.
Year 2000 League of the South Conference Set 12-14 October at the Grand Hotel in Pensacola. Early registration is $50 per member, or $75 per League family to: LS Conference, P O Box 40910, Tuscaloosa Alabama 35404. Call 800-888-3163 for more details ’
SOUTHERN EVENTS apologises for the lateness of this SPRING issue.
Spring 2000
T^e League of t South
OUR DECLARATION OF PURPOSE:
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
To join the LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH send a written statement that you support our declaration of purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and dues to P O BOX 40910 TUSCALOOSA, AL 35404-0910
Regular Membership Dues $40 annually, $60 for husband and wife. Legion of the South Membership $125 continuing annual pledge, $200 couple Student Membership (full-time students only) $20 annually
‘Perhaps if you lived in a region in which one of every four men was extinguished in a war, where your elected government was overthrown, and where your grandparents lived under military occupation- you might understand. Hopefully, America will never lose another war of invasion again. But if we do, I would hope your descendants would advocate flying Old Glory under the flags of their conquerors as a reminder that those who defended their government to their deaths are worthy of remembrance and respect. Hopefully, there would not be any spiteful “patriots” or political partisans who would, for purposes of sheer petty nastiness, seek to snatch that one small remaining gesture of remembrance away from them. I guess it's always a matter of whose ox is gored.’
- Larry State of Georgia
DON’T LET THIS BE YOUR LAST ISSUE of
Southern Events
For a one year subscription mail $15 cheque or money order to SOUTHERN EVENTS,
PO BOX 2517,
SELMA, ALABAMA 36702-2517
The Edgefield Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC. 29824 Telephone: (803)637-3789 A Confederate States Nationalist Newspaper
Don't muddle through the politically correct and culturally cleansed news brought to you by the spinmasters. Subscribe to and read the voice of liberty. An independent newspaper believing in the cause of constitutional government, the supremacy of law, and the natural rights of man. Subscribe now! Send $12.00 for one year, and $24.00 for two years. Include your name, address, zip code and telephone number.
Name __	_______________
Address
City
State_________________Zip
‘They who join the unhallowed crusade against the institutions of the South will have reason to repent, that they have set an engine in motion which cannot be arrested, until it has crushed and ground to powder the safeguards of life and property among themselves.’
12 Southern Events _____________________________________________________________   Spring	2000
- Dr Thomwell of South Carolina -1862
The Declaration Of Mem Cultural Independence
I ^
W* as citizens of the sovereign States of the South, proclaim before Almighty God and before all nations of the earth, that we are a separate and distinct people, with an honourable heritage and culture worthy of protection and preservation. Standing in the very place where our President Jefferson Davis stood in 1861, we declare that Southerners are entitled, like all peoples, to self-determination. Looking ahead to the time when political self-determination is a reality, we hereby pledge ourselves to the preservation of our culture in preparation for, and in the fervent hope of, the coming of that day.
To this end, we exhort all Southerners to abjure the realm of the American Empire that now threatens the liberties of our families and communities, and of the corrupt and sterile national culture that pervades this land. The national culture of the United States is violent and profane, coarse and rude, cynical and deviant, and repugnant to the Southern people and to every people with authentic Christian sensibilities. Purveyors of the national culture have everywhere lowered standards of morality and debased human dignity. They have appealed to mankind's worst impulses through profanity and obscenity in the arts and literature; they have depicted decadence and debauchery as normal and desirable; they have distorted Southern symbols and denied our right to interpret or display those symbols; they have assumed the authority of parents in the areas of religion and education; they thus have driven a wedge between the generations; they have prostituted all areas of thought and learning for market share; they have demonised Southern heroes and canonised tyrants and war criminals; they have distorted Southern history to advance their ideas of social justice; they thus have driven a wedge between the races and regions; they have destroyed hope; they have spread despair; they have called good evil and evil good; they have everywhere substituted the opinions of men for the decrees of God.
We, as Southerners, will, as far as possible, decline to participate in this alien, national culture. Rather we shall seek to defend and perpetuate our noble heritage and be of service to our people. In doing so, we will emulate our great heroes-Washington, Jefferson, Henry, Calhoun, Davis, Lee, and Jackson, among others. In an attempt to preserve Southern language, speech, manners, music, literature, tradition, thought, custom, and faith, we pledge to cooperate economically to build and sustain our separate educational and cultural institutions. We intend regional and local action; pledging blood, treasure, and sacred honour, we shall starve the national malignance and nourish the goodness close at hand.
Our cultural inheritance is not based upon the abstract slogans, armed doctrines, and sanctified greed that characterizes the present American regime. Instead, it is based on the permanent things that order and sustain life: faith, family, tradition, community, and private property; loyalty, courage, and honour. Cut off from these permanent things, the South will become only a point on the compass, and our descendants will justifiably curse us for the destruction of their noble heritage.
To our Southern forebears the triune God gave the inspiration and wisdom to create a confederated, constitutional republic based on the principle of local self-government and sustained by a vibrant and vital cultural heritage. We consider our heritage a sublime and unmerited blessing and we cherish it. Today it is threatened as never before by the godless national culture of death, supported by an overbearing government that acknowledges no limits to its power.
We reaffirm the cultural inheritance of our honourable forefathers and declare to the world our intention to defend and preserve it. The preservation of historic cultures—especially those that establish liberty--has never been cheap or easy. We hereby proclaim to the world that the struggle to protect and advance our Southern cultural heritage begins in earnest today in Montgomery, Alabama, the ‘Cradle of the Confederacy.’ Henceforth, we shall stand steadfast in defence of our inheritance as free men and women of the South, and we welcome all who share our principles to stand with us.
As witness to our intent, we affix our signatures to this Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence on this 4th day of March 2000, invoking the blessings of our Lord, Jesus Christ, on a just cause.
13 Southern Events
Spring 2000
Signed, 4 March 2000
YOU OUGHT TO READ
will startle the most ardent admirer of the ‘Indivisible Union*, yet it is a very quick and easy read.
Plagues of the Mind: The New Epidemic of False Knowledge by Bruce S. Thornton. (ISI Books, Wilmington, Delaware, 277 pp. $24.95 hardback)
Jefferson Davis: Unconquerable Heart by Felicity Allen of Auburn, Alabama. (The University of Missouri Press, 808 pp.$34.95 hardback) available from Dr C. E. Baker, 652 16th Av NW, Birmingham, AL 35215, +$2.50 S & H
Quick Review by Southern Events
Thirty years in the making, this work will likely become the definitive work on Jefferson Davis. Praised by critics North and South, it is the finest biography ever written on Davis, and by an Alabama scholar.
The only criticism noted in any review was that it was ‘too Southern.’ One Ivy League professor wrote that he had been ‘converted’ by it, and that his thinking concerning Davis had totally changed.
The author is the wife of Auburn’s Ward Allen, one of the founding members of the League of the South.
The University of Missouri website says: ‘Felicity Allen begins this monumental work with Davis’ political imprisonment at the end of the Civil War and masterfully flashes back to his earlier life as a schoolboy, a Mississippi planter, a husband, a father, and a political leader... “duty honor, country” ruled his mind. Davis* Christian view of life runs like a thread throughout the book, binding together his devotion to God, his family, and the land... [it] brings Davis to life in a way that has never been done before.’
When in the Course of Human Events: Arguing the Case for Southern Secession by Charles Adams (Rowman and Littlefield Publishers, Lanham, Maryland, 255 pp. $24.95 hardback).
Quick Review by Southern Events
Charles Adams masterfully unmasks the deceptions of politically correct historians with salient and clear arguments supporting the Southern side. He shows with indisputable logic that the main cause of the War was an economic and political power grab by the North. And he demolishes the mythology surrounding Lincoln in a way that is impossible to refute.
The book is replete with delightful and interesting illustrations, especially 1860s political cartoons, which add to the arguments presented. It is loaded with facts and scholarly documentation assembled in a way that
Quick Review by Southern Events
Despite the fact that we live in an age with an abundance of information, literacy and resources of knowledge that would astonish the ancients, the popular ‘received’ world view is based on some rather absurd falsehoods. Thornton demolishes the fallacies taken for granted by contemporary Western culture, such as ‘Knowledge is virtue’ or ‘Feeling is all there is.’ He lays the ax to the roots of Multiculturalism, Feminism, radical environmentalism, and other delusions of our day.
He traces these errors to certain ancient myths, such as the idea of The Golden Age. He examines in detail three examples of false contemporary knowledge: Romantic Environmentalism, the ‘Old Europe Mother Goddess,’ and the Idealized Noble-Savage.
Enlightenment faith in the power of reason and the attachment of the Romantic age to feeling have combined to bring about a narcissistic culture imbued with what Thornton calls ‘the therapeutic vision.’ This vision, he says, has destroyed the age-old concept of sin and moral responsibility, and has replaced it with “sickness.”
Peter Collier says, ‘He flays the sentimentality and wishful thinking and simple malice of an intellectual elite committed to reconfiguring the world in its image.’
Intelligent Design: The Bridge Between Science and Theology by William A. Dembski (Intervarsity Press, Downers Grove, Illinois, 312 pp. $27.95 hardback).
Quick Review by Southern Events Dembski has been called ‘the Isaac Newton of Information theory,’ and, indeed, his ‘Law of Conservation of Information’ is a notable breakthrough. In this book, he takes the concepts from his technical work, The Design Inference, and makes them understandable to the non-technical reader.
Robert Kaita, Research Physicist of Princeton University said, ‘Dembski explains that the “demise of design” in science was a consequence of philosophical preconceptions, not a deficiency in its validity.’
This work is one of those rocks upon which man stumbles to find that he is not the measure of all things. J. Budziszewski, Univ. of Texas, said, ‘The toppling of the Berlin Wall will seem small in comparison with the impending demolition of scientific naturalism. Most of
14 Southern Events
foring 2000
In bondage view and do,
And with God’s promise of delivery, Our time we wait and pray.
us have heard but a rumor of this event with our ears; Dembski is one of those making it happen.*
STANDING ON THE STAR, 2000 by James E. Kibler
It takes presumption,
Some at least,
This standing where Jeff Davis stood To lead new land along its way.
We stand today
And view Montgomery’s
Puzzled modem plastic promenade
Of jagged tower
Pock-marked road,
Of jumble of confused facade And empty engine cry alarm.
Where are her forest’s trees?
And where clean rivers and her streams,
And where her fertile, life-sustaining rows?
A people in her crisis Dart between The rows of traffic Streaming lethal unseen smoke,
To take defence behind an alien steel and glass Hermetically encased.
A land drained bare By her oppressor’s wrong,
Put in its cage of iron,
Hands at bars.
No fountain at the base of avenue Can issue forth the waters to revive—
Not in this landscape Of the dispossessed.
And yet the star survives.
Jeff Davis knew what he was standing for,
And standing on.
In standing here, we know it too.
No five sharp-pointed pentagram
But six, symmetric gleaming gold,
worn smooth by pilgrim feet
And will be polished bright by mine
When bared of leather and the man-made sole.
The secret lies in proper pilgrim feet
And spirit of the soil beneath
To breathe of inspiration
In the pilgrim soul.
We free that spirit topped with stone.
A hard-paved street in asphalt Never can inspire.
No jumble of facades That know not who or whence they are Can pass the muster of the years And yield their grace to time.
The soil will wait as long as must But will at last itself have way.
We stand upon the star,______________________ _
The Real Ittue behind the Confederate flag Battle
ft
by Michael C. Tuggle
Think you’d want to be a manager in a modem corporation? Answer this actual question given to attendees at the end of a workshop on sexual harassment:
‘Big A1 has worked in your mailroom for twenty years. He has always expressed his feelings for his friends by giving them hugs, sometimes enveloping co-workers in his huge arms after they’ve returned from sick leave or vacations. No one has complained about Big Al, but you recognise the need to be proactive in preventing any misunderstandings. You decide to:
A.	Call the mailroom employees together to ask if they have any complaints about any co-workers.
B.	Depend on everyone’s good judgment and trust they will understand that Big Al means well.
C.	Tell Big Al he has to change with the times.’
Before you answer, consider an incident that occurred in the Senate cafeteria in 1996. An elderly black lady who’d worked at the check-out for years called her customers ‘honey.’ A young man who worked in one of the Senate offices decided he didn’t care to be addressed that way and pronounced himself offended. The news vultures swooped in, the sensitivity police sprang into action, and the world was made safe from the verbal harassment of insensitive check-out ladies. Properly chastened, she now just takes money, gives change, and dispenses receipts.
A lot of chickens are coming home to roost here. For one thing, we’re seeing the fruits of women’s liberation ripening to their logical conclusion. Decades of shrill demands for sexual equality have worn society down to the point where a grim androgyny has become the safest course. Worse, thanks to neo-Marxist class conflict doctrines, the libbers reliance on confrontational tactics has imposed continuous hostility between the sexes as the norm.
Legalism, an outgrowth of egalitarianism, insists on quantifiable compliance. The Modernist mindset refuses to believe in anything that cannot he m^<jnreH
15 Southern Events
Spring 2000
literal conformity demands doing everything by the numbers, and we do mean everything.
So maybe you did better than I did on the Big A1 question. I had just endured the sexual harassment workshop, and thought talking to the mailroom staff about tolerating Big Al’s exuberant behaviour would head off any problem. Wrong. To avoid problems concerning unwanted touching today, we have to eliminate all physical contact on the job. I'm just glad I'm not the manager who has to tell Big A1 he cannot be Big A1 anymore.
Now for the biggest chicken to come home: not only must Big A1 be reinvented, so must we. The home that all these ugly chickens are winging toward is Washington DC, which intends to blot out any residue of affection or loyalty to anything other than the superstate it’s constructing. Love, whether of family, community, people, or nation, equals discrimination, which equals treason. Bill Clinton, tearfully moralising about the NAACP’s demand to tear down the Confederate flag, likened Southerners defending the flag to Serbs rejecting the Rambouilet demands. So let’s see-the Serbs resisted Madeleine Albright’s ultimatum to surrender land held sacred by Serbian heritage. Southerners are resisting the attempts of a well-financed pressure group to defame their culture. Does this make Southerners legitimate targets for NATO bombing runs?
The answer is yes. There are punishments for those who do not learn their lessons, just as there are rewards for those who do. For those of you who have not been paying attention while scurrying about in your increasingly urbanised rat maze, the lesson from the behavioural experts in charge of us is that we are supposed to be consumers, users, pleasure seekers, not countrymen. Southerners, who stubbornly persist in their affection for a traditional order based on faith, home, and family, are regarded as throwbacks who gum up the system. If our masters are to make us into compliant consumers, they must re-educate, or perhaps prod us, into surrendering those traditional values.
The harsh measures necessary for handling intransigent traditionalists were graphically expressed by Professor Jon Huer in the July 1999 issue of ‘Signs of the Times.’ Bill Clinton’s invasion of Serbia, says Dr Huer, represented a clash between high-tech logic, demonstrated by American pilots murdering civilians by remote control, and an outmoded order based on human relationships and the bonds of history. ‘Americans,’ as Huer notes approvingly, ‘are now entering a wholly different era of society and culture... a “Post-Human Era” where all aspects of social life are streamlined and rationalised.* The ultimate goal of the new American
worldview is a wonderland of maximised consumption, where, according to Dr Huer, ‘each individual is isolated from other individuals so that his or her self-calculation can be logically derived without distraction from other human beings.’
The good professor is correct. The throwbacks of the world, such as Big Al, the cafeteria check-out lady, and the Confederate flag, represent a worldview of illogical affection that only gets in the way of ‘self-calculation.’ And you wondered why the SC Chamber of Commerce joined with the NAACP to take down the Battle Flag.
In George Orwell’s 1984, the ruling class outlawed sex because it allowed citizens an alternate source of loyalty. Bill Clinton, however, is living, lusting proof that a regime can encourage sexual activity as long as it is random, non-discriminatory, and entails no emotional attachments. Indeed, boundless self-gratification must be promoted in a Big-Govemment/Big-Business regime that stays in power by dishing out goodies. Both politicians and marketers find easy pickings among rootless, greedy souls. Mr Clinton, who does not appear particularly choosy about his sex partners, has successfully compartmentalised affection from gratification. With one eye on the McDonald’s Manager’s Special, and the other eye on any skirts in his path, Bill Clinton is the ideal role model for the New World Order.
Real love is inherently discriminatory, which means it’s a choice based on subjective, non-rational values. If we are to eradicate discrimination, then love must be outlawed. Small wonder that anything that might engender real affection, whether it’s the traditional family, heritage, or the nation-state, is in the New World Order’s cross-hairs. But despair not, love will survive; it’s just being monopolised at the top. Remember, Big Brother still loves you.
Mr Michael Tuggle is the chairman of the North Carolina League of the South and a regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS.
‘The solemn truth is that the Southern people have never had any conception of the National Idea. They do not know what it is to be an American....Our work has been the next thing to annihilation....There is a class of people at the South who must be exterminated before there can be peace in the land.... here and there we find children, whom it is difficult to persuade that they are not at once to be murdered... it may be for the good of future generations that this Rebel horde
Spring 2000
should be swept from the earth.’
- Gen W. T. Sherman
What's Next? The Silver Lining Behind the Flag Defeat
|P &
by Robert Whitaker
I read Barry Goldwater’s book, The Conscience of a Conservative, about 1959. From that day forward I was a Goldwater Republican, and dedicated my efforts to getting him nominated. My friends and I pushed the Southern Strategy for winning the presidency long before it became popular. If Kennedy had not been assassinated, something we could hardly anticipate, we would’ve have done very well in 1964, and set the Party’s course to conservatism from then on.
But after the trauma of Kennedy’s assassination and a change of presidents, the public was not about to consider another upheaval of the kind Goldwater represented. With the press and the left side of the Republican Party against us, we were crushed in 1964 instead of merely defeated. So the party went back to the old, reliable, losing ‘centre’ for 16 disastrous years.
It turned out that had we nominated Goldwater again in 1968, we would have won the presidency easily. The Wallace vote-14% of the total vote which was made up mostly of renegade Democrats- would have gone solidly for Goldwater in 1968. But it did not go for Nixon that year. In 1968, Nixon and Wallace combined got over 57% of the vote. Nixon alone barely won against the Democrat Humphrey.
So the Wallace Democrats did not become the Reagan Democrats until 1980. That probably ruined things irretrievably. Had the Republican conservatives held onto the party four more years, all this could have been avoided. But the conservatives were embarrassed because Goldwater was beaten so badly in 1964. They were terrified liberal Republicans would be mad at them, and they couldn’t surrender fast enough.
Within weeks of the 1964 election, moderates and liberals were back in control of the party. As it turns out, as William Rusher points out in his Rise of the Right, the Goldwater movement represented the rise of the national conservative movement to national organisation and national clout. But as soon as conservatives had built all the power and machinery it took to nominate Goldwater, they quit.___________________________
Almost every rising political movement is beaten the first time it gains a national spokesman like Goldwater. Andrew Jackson lost his first bid for the presidency in 1824, and four years later he took over national politics. The Republicans under Fremont lost in 1856, and, however unfortunate it was, the lesson of history is that they persevered and won in 1860. William Jennings Bryan got his party’s nomination and lost three times, but by the time he finished, the old Cleveland Gold Standard Democrats were gone forever. Franklin Delano Roosevelt lost his bid for vice president in 1920 and the man he made the nominating speech for in 1928, A1 Smith, lost in a landslide as bad as the one that beat Goldwater.
But FDR’s movement has ruled America ever since 1932.
Each of those who made these revolutions treated their first defeat, no matter how bad it was, as the first step. They didn’t rush to surrender the way the conservatives did in 1964.
Many groups consider the Confederate flag to be the be-all and end-all of their movement, just as conservatives in 1964 considered their defeat to be the end of everything for them. As a result, they made it just that. They did not realise how far they had come. They had built a major political network of conservatives and had captured control of one of the two national parties. They had a chance to build on all that, and they threw it all away.
The flag battle was a step along the way. We lost that battle, but we came a long way during it. I have seen thousands of South Carolinians march on the streets of Columbia with our flag for the first time in decades. I have seen us organise a true MOVEMENT.
In fact, the flag defeat has taught Southerners a lesson they had to learn for our nationalist movement to succeed. Southerners are forced to realise that we now face a stark, brutal choice. If we remain good little yankees, they will accept nothing less than the total obliteration of everything that makes us Southerners. We are a nation or we are nothing.
Please note I said that we ARE a nation. All the time that Ireland belonged to Britain, it was still a nation. Wfhen Poland was repeatedly partitioned between other powers in Europe, it was still a nation.
We are not a people seeking to become a nation. We are a nation seeking our freedom. With this defeat, the eventual success of our movement should begin.
Mr Robert Whitaker is an author, a SC League of the South member, and a regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS. He writes two columns per week as a regular feature on the South Carolina League webpage at http.'/Avww. palmetto, org/whitaker. htm
17 Southern Events
Spring 2000
60P to Dixie: Drop Dead
ft
by Joe Scotchie
The Republican Party’s ‘Southern strategy’ came into being in the early 1970s. Urged on President Richard Nixon by such politically-savvy aides as Kevin Phillips and Pat Buchanan, it was a response to the challenge posed by George Wallace’s successful 1968 third party candidacy. Republicans feared Wallace might undertake a repeat performance in 1972, a run that might deprive them of the presidency. So the GOP, long hated in the South, moved to court voters there by emphasizing such issues as busing, abortion, law and order, school prayer, and welfare spending.
At first, everything came too easy for the Republicans. The Democrats obliged by nominating, over the years, George McGovern, Walter Mondale, and Michael Dukakis, liberals who seemed like aliens to the average Southerner.
But the GOP’s performance, once in office, was utterly dismal. Only Nixon, by offering up the ill-fated nominations of Clement Haynesworth and Harold Carswell, would attempt to place conservative white Southerners on the Supreme Court. After both men were rejected by the Democratic-controlled Senate, Nixon stuck with Lewis Powell, a Richmond-based jurist who promptly joined the court’s liberal majority. Neither Reagan nor Bush even tried succeeding where Nixon failed, even though for most of Reagan’s presidency, Republicans controlled the Senate.
Worse than that. Republican administrations did nothing on the social issues that helped to carry them to victory. Southern public school districts were placed under Federal control. Busing continued, affirmative action programs were implemented and expanded, and America’s southern borders remained as porous as ever. The size, scope and power of the Federal government only grew during the Nixon-Reagan-Bush era, as it has done since the GOP took over the Congress in 1994. Speaking about his economic policies, Nixon once remarked that we are ‘all Keynesians now,’ referring to the famed British statist. During the Reagan-Bush-Gingrich era, the comment might be that we are all multiculturalists now, as well.
From time to time, the Democrats practised a little Southern strategy of their own, nominating successful
candidates Carter in 1976, and Clinton in 1992 and 1996. Not that these two men were conservatives, but even from the Carter era to the Clinton years, one can trace the continued implosion of American civilisation. The Carter inaugural featured poetry from the brilliant James Dickey, while Clinton’s coming out was marred by Maya Angelou’s dubious verse efforts, including a poem that long has been questioned as a piece of plagiarism. Meanwhile, in the past two presidential elections, Republican nominees have received, respectively, 37 and 41 percent of the popular vote.
Concerning the South, the GOP has now made its divorce proceedings official. Or as Republican pollster Lance Tarrance claims, the party has ‘moved from the Southern strategy we pursued for the last three decades...to an Hispanic strategy for the next three decades.’ According to national chairman Jim Nicholson, this means, among other things, heavy advertising on Spanish-speaking radio and television stations, while recruiting Hispanic candidates for various political offices.
The real significance of the ‘Hispanic strategy’ is that the GOP’s dash to the multicultural Left is in full swing. There will be no talk of immigration restrictions; indeed, Republican leaders want to increase the already-record numbers of foreigners coming into America. It doesn’t matter that all Americans, Hispanics included, by large margins want immigration sharply restricted. Beltway conservatives think this current immigration non-policy is fine. But that same crowd also opposes affirmative action programs and funding for bilingual education. They’d better get used to being disappointed. Republicans plan to uphold the leftist status quo on those issues, too.
It is painful to see well-meaning Southern traditionalists voting blindly for a party so openly contemptuous of the South. When the Democrats went hard Left themselves in the mid-1960s, Southern votes were captured by the GOP. Now, the Republicans have joined the jackals. Fortunately, conservatives do have a place to go. The Reform Party platform is America First on nation-defining issues: trade, immigration, and foreign policy. It has been pro-choice in the past, but under Pat Buchanan, it will raise the pro-life banner. As a renegade party not beholden to multinational corporations, its anti-centralist platform is legitimate. Maybe conservatives can’t cast votes for Reform Party candidates on a local level, but they can vote for one of their own as president. No matter what happens to Buchanan this year, it is essential that Buchananism lives on after the 2000 election.
Mr Joe Scotchie is an author, a League member, and
18 Southern Events
Spring 2000
a, regular contributor to SOUTHERN EVENTS.
The OTHER Union
Sir ^
by Andy Fear
6 t Tnion’ is a word which no doubt most readers of
LJ Southern Events will treat with a degree of suspicion. It may therefore come as a surprise to realise that a federal union is slowly coming into being on the other side of the Atlantic which is depriving its constituent parts of their most basic liberties more rapidly than the constituent states of the United States of America have seen their liberties eroded by the federal authorities in the US. A further surprise might be that despite this process having minimal public support in Britain, and its being increasingly unpopular in other parts of western Europe, that this Union is being created not over the dead body of the government of the United Kingdom, but with their open connivance. That union is of course the organisation known in its present guise as the European Union, its previous aliases include the European Coal and Steel Community and the European Economic Community. Even today the federal project is marketed to the British public as an economic one, its latest step, the single European currency or Euro, will, we are told, merely make die wheels of commerce run more smoothly and have no effect on the nation’s sovereignty.
Of course such an argument will not bear a second’s inspection. The surrender of monetary policy to a central European Bank is to hand over the mechanics of how a nation runs itself from elected politicians to a cabal of foreign and unelected bankers. Once these facts were known to leading politicians in Britain over 100 years ago our Prime Minister William Gladstone noted: ‘The finance of the country is ultimately associated with the liberties of the country. It is a powerful leverage by which English liberty has been gradually acquired. If the House of Commons by any possibility lose the power of the control of the grants of public money, depend on it, your very liberty will be worth very little in comparison.’ It is an insight that seems to have been lost.
Despite the way it has been presented to the British public, this project is, and always has been, a brazenly political one and to be fair to its supporters they have always been open about this. Helmut Hesse, a director of the German Bundesbank was honest enough as long ago as 1995 to comment that monetary union was to be
seen as ‘the last step in a process of integration which was begun only a few years after the Second World War... and which found its first clear expression in the Treaty of Rome (the treaty which created the European Economic Community in 1957)’. Hesse is only one of countless continental politicians to have made such frank statements of intent and his words merely echo the statement of the founder of the federalist European Movement, Jean Monet, who in 1952 remarked, ‘The fusion of economic functions would compel nations to fuse their sovereignty into that of a single European State’ It doesn’t come much clearer than that.
The degree to which the European Union already controls the affairs of Britain can easily be illustrated by the recent British Beef crisis. The present author has no wish to defend the unsavoury practices of British farmers which led to countries banning the export of British Beef. It is the right of any sovereign nation to trade, or not to trade, with whomsoever they chose, just as it is your, and my, right in a free nation to choose which shops to patronise. However the government of Britain under successive ‘Conservative’ administrations (including that of Margaret Thatcher whose complaisancy in the face of European federalism is often conveniently forgotten by British Conservatives) had chosen to give such powers to the European Union that the EU’s federal authorities were able not merely to ban the export of British Beef to the rest of the European Union, but to prohibit the export of British Beef to every country in the world regardless of whether those countries wished to purchase this product. In other words British Trade policy had been placed in the hands of a foreign power.
Nor is such interference in national affairs restricted to the great issues of state: the hand of the EU reaches everywhere. It is now, by decree of the EU (Directive EU 89/617), illegal to sell anything in Britain in pounds and ounces. In fact the penalty for doing so is as great as that for assaulting a policeman in the course of his duty. Recently this ban has been enforced even on a reenactment Museum whose purpose is to represent British life in the last century, no two ounce bags of sweets (something even the author fondly remembers from his childhood) can be sold there, only sweets by the gramme! There are even EU regulations on how much a cucumber is allowed to curve (Commission Regulation (EEC) No. 1677/88, article 2b).
This is bad enough, but in fact such are the treaties that our governments have signed over the years that all legislation produced by the European Union takes precedence over that passed by our own government. There is a significant difference between these two
19 Southern Events
Spring 2000
forms of legislation. National legislation is initiated, formulated, and passed by elected politicians, whereas the EU legislation is devised by a coterie of unelected bureaucrats, the Commission. This group are in fact the only ones who have the power to initiate EU legislation. In 1999 a report revealing mass corruption in Brussels led to their mass resignation in disgrace. After the grand gesture, it was, of course, business as usual with the majority of commissioners being re-appointed and the official who had dared to expose their activities being disciplined for his temerity.
The Commission’s plans once formulated have to be passed by a grouping of national politicians (the ‘Council of Ministers’). However more and more a mere majority of votes rather than unanimity is required for this to happen. The mathematics are complex, but there are 87 delegates involved, the minimum number of votes needed to exercise a veto is 26, and Britain has a mere 10. In other words, we can be our most powerful legislators are foreigners, and we cannot gainsay them.
The most stunning aspect of this lack of a national veto is that under Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union a member state can be ‘suspended* for failing to fulfill conveniently undefined ‘human rights’ criteria. A suspended nation is not ejected from the union, but must continue to pay its dues to the EU, while being deprived of any voice in its counsels until the others deem her worthy to be let back into the fold. This is of course a magnificent way of terrorising the electorate of the individual members states into voting only for parties which support the status quo. Nor is this an idle threat, as these words are being written such action is potentially threatened against Austria where 27% of the electorate in a free and fair poll dared to back Jorg Haider’s anti-EU Freedom Party. There is serious talk of incorporating into the new European Treaty which will be signed this year a clause banning political parties who do not ‘respect’ or do not ‘intend to respect’ these undefined human rights. It seems in the EU we’re moving towards the view that you can vote for anyone as long as they are federalists....
The weakness of Britain’s veto points up the greatest danger to the federal project, the existence of strong nations with pride and belief in themselves. The bureaucrats of Brussels know this and take every opportunity to weaken and break down the historic nations of Europe. The easiest way for them to do this is to Balkanise the continent. The larger the number of units, the fewer votes any one unit will have and the more difficult it will become to form an alliance to block the plans of the centre. Hence the bribery inter alia of Scotland and Wales to break from their
traditional, and monetarily highly beneficial, union with England, and the similar attempts to split the Basques and Catalans from Spain. Divide and conquer worked for Rome’s European Empire, it might yet work for Brussels’ too.
Why does this matter in the South? Hopefully many readers will see that the emergence of another superbloc dedicated to the same brand of totalitarian liberalism and corporate business (multinationals love the EU) as emanates from Washington can only harm the cause of self-determination everywhere.
Our causes have much in common: we both insist on the democratic right of our own people to determine their own destiny free from outside interference and diktats. We both are caricatured as racialists, despite this not being the case (xenophobe is favourite EU word for its opponents), and, alas, we are both dogged by tiny racialist grouplets who besmirch noble causes by their parasitic association with them, sadly giving undue credibility to this black propaganda.
Slowly Dixie and the War Between the States are raising interest and coming to haunt those opposed to the EU. People are beginning to notice that it took less than 100 years for war to break out in a Union which was much more restricted in scope than that envisaged even now by the EU federalists, let alone what might happen if this dystopia is allowed to continue to grow. What chance then the survival of a federal union of Europe? There is therefore an increasing chance for Dixie’s cause to be heard in Britain, and, if it can be shown that the Southern Movement isn’t the Ku Klux Klan in disguise, as the media love to present it, the stronger that interest will become. The Klan is of course only one spectre which needs to be exorcised, another is the penchant for some in the South to uncritically support separatist groupings such as the SNP which perversely want to integrate even more deeply into the EU. But if we can overcome these problems, there are bridges to be built and those links may help us see a future with Dixie’s flag and the Union Jack flying high.
Mr Andy Fear writes to us from Britain.
‘... when all government... in little as in great things, shall be drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we separated.*
- Thomas Jefferson, 1821
Spring 2000
Metaphysical Neutrality in the Postmodern World
by Martin Murphy
One of the most profound words in the English language is ‘why?’
Children often use the why question to learn. For instance, a young child might ask his father or mother a question like:
Daddy, why do birds fly?
Answer: Because they have wings.
Why do birds have wings?
Answer: Because God made them with wings.
Why did God make them with wings?
Answer: For God’s own glory.
Why did God make them for His own glory? Answer: Because He did. Now go out and play.
The question ‘why’ is profound because it has to do with purpose. To make the ‘why’ question more personal relative I should ask, ‘why are you reading this article?’ Your answer may be ‘I’m reading this article because I believe in taking my stand for freedom.’ Then we have to ask the ‘why’ question again: Why are you taking your stand for freedom? The point is obvious. There must be purpose for every human thought or action. Purpose is the driving force behind human existence.
It was with purpose that our forefathers challenged the ignorance and incompetency of the ministry of King George m and later those same men would tight to the end for independence. From simple questions about birds to international conflicts, purpose is behind every decision. Even co-belligerency has some purpose. I would not expect anyone reading this paper to be opposed to the concept of sovereignty. In fact, I expect liberty, freedom, and independence are the very reasons you have an interest in this little monograph. If you had to choose freedom or tyranny, which would it be? If you had to choose between statism or independence, which would it be? Your choice follows your purpose. There is no in-between. We are all slaves. We are slaves to our choices. You have a choice; you may be a slave to the
state or you may be a slave to act responsibly toward a recovery of freedom and independence, a recovery of the Southern culture once held in high esteem. The Wise Man made it clear when he said: ‘He who is not with me is against me’ (Matthew 12:30). Neutrality is not optional for those who have purpose.
Neutrality is the phantom of egalitarianism. No society can be neutral and therefore egalitarianism is nothing more than the tyranny of a dysfunctional culture. The war zones in this country are proof that neutrality is impossible and egalitarianism is nothing but a front for those tyrants who want to micro-manage society. The wars I have in mind are not fought with guns. They are cultural wars fought on the battleground of the public arena. They are the battles fought over the family, art, education, law, politics, and interpretative theory. The clash began at the point when different people had different ideas about reality. The dispute is not over philosophical ideals. Quite to the contrary, the dispute is over who tells who what to do. For instance, the abortion issue is hot a cultural war per se. Neo-Christian ethicists, liberal politicians and judges are on one side of the abortion issue. Conservative Christians, the right to life movement, and orthodox ethicists are on the other side. When the abortion pill, RU 486, was thrown into the arena for investigation the president of Planned Parenthood said, ‘If these drugs get to the market, the fight is finally over’ (Uncommon Sense, Cal Thomas). Although she made it sound like a battle, abortion is not a cultural war. Abortion is the catalyst that the cultural elites use to determine who controls the family, the court system, the political arena and the education of our children. These cultural wars are fought over authority and control. Where there is a question of authority, neutrality will never be found.
The attempt to define the American culture has not been an easy road to travel. The American way of life began with a clearly defined purpose. King George overlooked the determination of those men who would be willing to sacrifice their fortunes and lives for a definitive cultural norm based on something greater than the incompetency and contumacy of an alleged monarchical tyrant. The fathers of the American culture fought and sacrificed for freedom and independence from the tyranny of a dysfunctional monarch. Their purpose was to establish and pass on to the future generations a sense of dignity and a definition of their intentions, which they clearly stated in the Constitution. Unfortunately every generation tried to re-define those intentions with cultural modifications. It has been said that culture is relative to people and circumstances. Opening the doors to cultural relativity was the
21 Southern Events
Spring 2000
beginning of the cultural wars in this country. Although we speak of these cultural wars in terms of the midtwentieth century, they have always visited us in one form or the other.
We never have been- nor will we ever be- nor should we be-ffee from debates in the public arena. The polarization of society demands intelligent discourse to resolve division when two parties maintain different sentiments. One may call the process of this discovery debate or disputation. It is never wise to concede to the old pseudo-peace slogan-Let’s agree to disagree. However, the debates need a solid foundation, because real debates are concerned only about reality. The only solid foundation for reality must be metaphysical. We must look beyond this physical world if we expect to understand the world around us, the world we most commonly call our culture.
The word ‘metaphysical* may need definition. Metaphysics refers to questions of ultimate reality and ultimate reality takes us to the intellectual, moral, and emotional aspect of our being. Metaphysical reality is the source of ultimate purpose. The proximate purposes such, as the bird having to have wings to fly is evidence for ultimate purpose.
I am familiar with a particular purpose statement, which is also my own personal world view, and it says ‘we seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.’ If a person’s cultural norms, social standards, economic objectives, and political proclivities are not grounded in a solid foundation, they will soon find themselves attempting to re-define their culture. In James Farmer’s book entitled The Metaphysical Confederacy he argues that ‘the concept of nationhood involves a Zeitgeist around which a people can cohere’ (p. 16). There must be some kind of agreement among the people in any given society. That does not mean that there is neutrality among the people. The agreement must have a substantial foundation so that, in the words of James Farmer, the ‘people can cohere.’ Farmer’s thesis is that a metaphysical confederacy had to precede the physical Confederacy. Most of us understand human suffering because we’ve either experienced it, witnessed it, or read about it. People killing each other and destruction of property is as common as eating a meal. For those who miss the malicious suffering, there is hedonism, narcissism, and a whole host of other worldviews that travel the road of uncertainty. For many there is a sense of emptiness, because there is no understanding of ultimate purpose. I believe that the majority of Southern theologians, philosophers, and political theorists of the
antebellum era had a proximate purpose and that purpose was built upon the solid foundation of metaphysical purpose. The only foundation that will stand is the Christian Religion that our forefathers died to preserve. Although their progeny may be confused by the propaganda of the age, they still have the seed of perseverance planted in their hearts. There remains the hope to recover that metaphysical reality because there was and remains purpose behind the concept. I am convinced that without any metaphysical inquiry and without substantial agreement as a result of the inquiry, the South will rise to fall. It is indisputably true that a house divided against itself will fall. I am not insisting that a culture must perfect itself to stand against the tyranny of the elite. But if a culture is not built on a sound foundation, like any other edifice, the pilings will rot away.
We speak of the Southern culture. When we refer to a culture, we are simply speaking of a way of life. If we place the political and social aspects of a culture on a continuum, we might have two extremes: Cultural tyranny on one end or cultural anarchy on the other end. It is those two extremes that have given rise to the postmodern state. Modernity was very happy to fight over cultural issues such as education, politics or the family, so long as the gathered rational data or the scientific method could be used to measure the result of the battle. Fortunately for us the cultural anarchist could not agree with the cultural tyrant over the results of the test. For instance, one educator we will call the cultural tyrant may desire for you to turn your children completely over to the educational system. Those educators, who are not educators at all, want to shape the children into social engineers, rather than educate them to be become productive thinking citizens. Another educator, we will call the cultural anarchist, has no interest in the education of the child. Those types of educators, who are not educators at all, have no agenda to produce intelligent productive citizens. One politician wants to shape society with his legislative applications while the other wants Washington to send his paycheck to his penthouse address in New York. Wherever the cultural battle is fought, we see the myth of neutrality and no solid foundation upon which to build cultural norms.
Metaphysical neutrality has brought the American culture to a new crossroads. In the face of modernity’s failure we find the emergence of the postmodern world. Alasdair McIntyre is a moral philosopher who brought the pendulum swing to our attention long before many others. In his book, After Virtue he said, ‘the enlightenment project failed.’ He is right in one sense of
22 Southern Events
Spring 2000
the word and wrong in the other. The failure of modem science and all its relatives has failed to give ultimate purpose to a secular world. However, I argue that modernity did not fail, because it has created another monster. The failure of modernity has given rise to the post modem. The modem man was driven to the edge of the precipice. However, instead of jumping off the cliff to find some relief, the post modem simply emerged and refused to believe that there was a death trap at the bottom of the canyon. He wants to reshape all the ideas that drove him to the edge.
The postmodern culture will have nothing to do with the alleged absolutes of modernity. To bring the argument into focus, it should be understood that Modernity is more a concept than a period of time. The fourteenth century scholastics spoke of the via modema, translated ‘the modem way,’ long before the eighteenth century Enlightenment. Yet there is a sense in which I agree with some scholars who believe that modernity raged from the storming of the Bastille to the fall of the Berlin wall. Modernity is the monster produced by the forces of its age such as hedonism, narcissism, pragmatism, and especially relativism. Now we hear philosophers talking about ‘the emptiness of the modem mind’ because modernity failed to meet those world and life views with answers that satisfied the soul of the culture. If urbanization, capitalism and technology, especially technology, failed to shape the culture, then the post modernist would say, ‘what’s the purpose of modernity?’ The blighted hope of the modem failure finds comfort, strange as that may seem, in the postmodern culture.
Individual expressions of truth to the postmodern mind are simply nonsensical. I contend that the American culture, which includes our beloved Southland, has drank deeply in the streams of postmodemity over the past 30 to 40 years. The evidence I present to defend my proposition is that the post modem rejects absolute truth. The result is that we have a truthless culture. There is no metaphysic and neutrality has been crowned king.
‘According to a recent poll 66 percent of Americans believe that there is no such thing as absolute truth.’ (Postmodern Times, Veith p.16). To put it another way, the value of truth is personal relative. When truth becomes personal relative then sophistry will flourish in that culture. Human discourse will be meaningless. The postmodern culture is not a demon to be tamed, but a cultural milieu that must be replaced with a solid foundation that will grow a new culture. There must be an objective standard for the new culture, a standard that will survive cultural wars for the sake of its progeny.
Today your most formidable enemy is not Washington DC, as bad as they are. No, your most imposing enemy is the postmodern culture that feeds Washington DC. If you don’t remove the root that feeds the tree, you’ll spend all your time pruning the tree. Let me tell you from personal experience, you will lose by attrition. If you do not understand the post modem concept I urge you to get Gene Veith’s book entitled Postmodern Times or get Thomas Oden’s book After Modernity What? If you really want to see how a liberal thinks in terms of the post modem I reluctantly recommend Postmodernist Culture by Steven Conner.
The latter by Conner, who happens to be an English Professor, is a picture of the liberal agenda of the post modernist. Would you like to know how the post modernist thinks? Conner quotes Michael Ryan, another postmodern liberal from his work on postmodern politics. Note carefully. ‘Rather than being expressive representations of a substance taken to be prior, cultural signs become instead active agents in themselves, creating new substances, new social forms, new ways of acting and thinking, new attitudes, reshuffling the cards of “fate” and “nature” and social “reality”. It is on this margin that culture, seemingly entirely autonomous and detached, turns around and becomes a social and material force, a power of signification that discredits all claims to substantive grounds outside representation and this discrediting applies to political institutions, moral norms, social practices and economic structures’ (PC, p.225). For one decade Conner and his liberal cronies have been preaching that message. Much time could be spent choking on Conners ‘reshuffling’ as he calls it. The postmodern thinker says ‘there is no truth but my truth to my mind, but I’m sure that there is no truth but your truth to your mind.’ Therefore we must be multicultural expositors of the larger global community. The post modernist would have you believe that truth is only meaningful to the author, speaker, or originator. We need to hear Mr Liberal loud and clear. He said there is no solid foundation upon which we may build ‘political institutions, moral norms, social practices and economic structures.’ Now I ask you where will that lead your children and grandchildren? What will happen if there is no solid foundation for political institutions, moral norms, social practices and economic safeguards? I’ll tell you what will happen. The culture will continue its endless drift through a maze of destructive ideas.
The postmodernist will tell you that all you have to do is redefine your terms. We’ve already seen what this interpretative twist has done to the literary world, but can you imagine what will happen to historical interpretation in the generations to come. The
Spring 2000
postmodern culture will take the American culture into a new dark age.
I have not touched the aesthetic world in our discussion of the postmodern world. The disaffection of cultural norms has produced the uncontrollable meta-art in our day and age. The meta-art that comes out of Hollywood is more destructive than all the missiles China could produce. The entertainers are simply meeting the demands of the postmodern philosophers. Dr. Gene Veith has wisely said that ‘Postmodernist philosophers argue that all truth is a kind of fiction; postmodernist artists attempt to blur the distinction between art and reality* (PT, p 122). Myth and reality are easily distinguished if we have a solid metaphysical foundation. On the other hand metaphysical neutrality will easily accommodate postmodern conceptions.
We need to shift from the ‘why’ question to the ‘how question. If we understand the purpose of the liberal regime with its postmodern culture, we must turn our attention to the restoration and reformation of our beloved Southern culture. The foundation that I have referred to was once much stronger than it is now. Why? Because of the orthodox Christian religion of the South. Seventy percent of the social structure before 1820 in this country was connected with the church. From the turn of the nineteenth century to the latter part of the nineteenth century, the South was the only remaining stronghold for orthodox Christianity. It was the corruption of the Yankee Unitarianism of the carpetbaggers and their entourage of demons that sought to destroy the foundation laid by the great Southerners of intelligence, dignity, and valor.
The historical picture is one of the Southern Culture falling into the hands of an evil empire. There is an appropriate quote from a sermon preached by the Rev Dr John Lafayette Girardeau at Columbia, South Carolina, on 31 January 1892. Dr Girardeau was a chaplain for the Confederate army from 1861 until the end of the war. He and Dr Robert Lewis Dabney were the leading theological minds during and after the War for Southern Independence. To get a sense of Dr Girardeau’s commitment to the cause of the South, note this statement from his address to the Confederate dead in 1866: Dr Girardeau said, ‘We can never, never forget that they were sacrificial victims on the altar which we helped to rear, and that their blood was poured out like water in defense of principles which we avowed and which we counseled and exhorted them to maintain to the last extremity’ (Works, p. 129). The principles that Dr Girardeau referred to were built on the foundations of the Christian religion. Moving forward to the sermon Dr Girardeau preached on 31 January 1892, it is clear
that in less than 30 years, there were emerging signs of the culture’s anti-Christian bent. We should pay attention to Dr Girardeau because he was 100 years ahead of his time. ‘Despising every command of the Decalogue, in both its tables, obliterating the worship of God, sponging out the Sabbath, violating property rights, burning up the marriage covenant in the wild fire of passion, flouting the Mediatorial King whom God hath set upon His holy hill of Zion, its cry will be, Down with the Cross! And down with the Bible! Under its frenzied inspiration see how the masses fret and foam like an ocean lashed into fury’ (Sermons, p. 110).
If you believe that the Southern culture is worth recovering and preserving, it will require a passion for absolute truth. The popular has replaced the ideal. The postmodern concept has made its mark on everything from theology to quantum physics. It is my hope that we will all work hard to leave our progeny with the sold foundation necessary to build a lasting culture. Christianity alone is the way to defeat metaphysical neutrality in the postmodern world.
Rev Martin Murphy is a Presbyterian pastor.
DALRIADA
BOOKS
New and Out-of-Print books in Celtic, European, Southern, and Military history. Featuring FIRE & SWORD:
Sorley Boy Macdonnell and the Rise of Clan Ian Mor, 1538-1590 by J. Michael Hill (autographed) $30 post-paid.
To order or to receive a free book list,
contact Michael Hill 4228 Hillsdale Circle Tuscaloosa, AL 35404 (205) 553-4624
Spring 2000
Mem Preaching At Guerrilla War
ll ^
by John Chodes
Jabez Lafayette Monroe Curry was one of the major political figures of the Old South. In the Alabama Assembly and in the United States Congress, he was a passionate and articulate advocate for State Sovereignty, limited government and a strict construction of the Constitution.
With the creation of the Confederacy, he helped draft its new constitution, helped design its ‘stars and bars’ flag, and was a member of its Congress.
Then came the War For Southern Independence. Jabez was a staff officer with General Joseph Johnston during the long, bloody retreat toward Atlanta. He later took command of the 5th Alabama Cavalry Regiment, fighting to the end with such great men as Joe Wheeler and Nathan Bedford Forrest.
After the surrender, Washington considered Jabez Curry one of the principal ‘traitors’ of the ‘rebellion.’ He faced possible execution. Jabez plead his case personally before President Andrew Johnson. They had been close friends in Congress before the war. Johnson pardoned Curry but the terms were severe. All his property was confiscated. He swore never to enter politics again. He had been a lawyer but now he could never practice that profession again. He could not speak or write about the issues that he had fought for.
But just before the terms of the pardon went into effect, Jabez Curry made one final political speech. As always he was passionate but now his words were tragic and cynical, and he gave the first shadowy hint of the need to continue the struggle by other means: ‘The country has been impoverished. Our political institutions have been revolutionized; our peculiar civilisation destroyed; our cherished theories of government overthrown... We are no longer the peculiar people, the conservators of constitutional liberty, the resisters of the encroachment of power, the preservers of ancient forms, which include justice and freedom.’ Then Jabez added a final note that was totally out of character for this fiery statesman and warrior. He seemed to give up, to accept the unacceptable. Or was he throwing the conquerors off his trail and preparing for guerrilla war? ‘We must accept these and all other legitimate facts as they are; acquiesce in them; offer loyal homage and obedience to the only
Jabez Lafayette Curry
government we have.’ Soon Jabez showed what his words really meant. He found a way to continue by guerrilla war. By the terms of his pardon, he could not earn a living by any of the ways he had in the past. So he went to Baptist divinity college and emerged
as the Reverend Curry, but by his own admission he was not a very religious man: ‘In my youth I had no distinctive religious impressions or convictions... Of the Bible, I was stupidly ignorant... (I) had no convictions of sin, no desire for salvation. I have never had any rapturous experiences... I have often wished and prayed for the experiences that some Christians have; but they have been denied me, or possibly by unbelief I have denied them to myself.’ Yet, the ministry was a way to fight on by clandestine means as well as a way to make a living.
Because of his great prestige, Jabez was soon in great demand and he preached all over the South. Once again he could speak in public and excite his listeners. Now it seemed to be about God and salvation, not the ideals of the Lost Cause. Or was it?
While Washington was satisfied that Jabez was living up to the terms of his oath, he kept the old ideals alive to the new generation of Southerners chafing under carpetbag rule, by preaching and writing by parable.
Fusing England’s Church and State Or Reconstruction?
Curry spoke and wrote about the painful history of the Baptists in England and Colonial America, beginning in the 1600s, where the British government had fused with the Anglican Church and ‘established’ it as the Church of England, the only official body. The situation that Curry depicted parallelled the State religion created by Washington in the former CSA.
Many carpetbaggers held the deluded dream to ‘impregnate the South with Northern ideals and civilisation.’ They enlisted the brute force of the military to actualize this dream. The army confiscated Southern churches and the properties of many Baptist, Methodist and Presbyterian congregations. Their ministers were called traitors. Northern preachers were installed at bayonet point. The Federal government’s money paid for their salaries and built new churches.
This was unconstitutional. It created a fusion of
Spring 2000
Church and State. These subsidised churches became governmental bureaucracies, promoting Radical Republican policies: ‘Every innovation of the Executive was adopted as an article of faith.’
All this represented a more centralised, despotic State to Jabez Curry, so he wrote two books based on his sermons and articles in Baptist publications. In Establishment and Disestablishment, Curry detailed the entire history of the Christian religions entrapment and fusion with civil government, from its earliest roots in the Roman Empire. And in Struggles and Triumphs of Virginia Baptists, he focussed on religious persecutions in colonial Virginia and how the Baptists severed their symbiotic relations with that government and Britain.
In both cases, Curry was describing crimes of centuries before but in reality they were the same horrors against his own occupied South. The examples of how colonial Virginia broke its official religious ties to the State provided a model of how the South could do the same. Curry preached: ‘Christianity has often been allied with civil government. Since the third century of the Christian era such a connection has been made... Such a theory was induced in part, by the fact that, under the old covenant, a theocracy existed, and the civil government was instituted, to a large degree, to maintain and foster religion. Civil rulers, for self-aggrandizement, subordinated Christianity, or rather ecclesiastical organisations, to their corrupt purposes... When Church and State are united) the State practically assumes infallibility and the right to sit in judgement upon creeds, and to determine what is a church, what is true and what is false religion.’
Curry added: ‘An Establishment fosters notions of arbitrary government, cultivates opposition to liberal principles. The pulpit often reflects the caprice and will and the cause of the court. The advocates of the divine right of kings, of passive obedience, the opponents of revolution, or civil reform, of popular liberty, have uniformly been the adherents of the Establishment. The rightness of a union of Church and State, by an inevitable logic, leads to the rightness of Absolutism, of despotism, to the denial of individual liberty.
The following sketch of colonial Virginia parallels the Reconstruction South, where State, Army and Church merged, and where Northern clergymen became dissolute from power and money-madness: ‘The sufferings and virtues of these noble men and women aroused popular sympathy in their behalf and drew attention to the tyranny and wickedness of the Establishment. Popular displeasure, thus generated, was increased by the notoriously inconsistent and dissolute lives of many of the clergy, an inseparable consequence of a legal Establishment. The opposition was not
lessened when clergymen, greedy and exacting in the collection of tithes, resorted to the courts to compel payment from reluctant and straitened parishioners. It was intensified into hostility when, in the struggle for independence, the State clergy were generally friends of the Mother Country.’
The Sedition Laws of the 1600’s in England corresponded to the Reconstruction ‘Force Laws,’ where the gathering together of three or more people constituted a conspiracy. Curry wrote: ‘In 1664 the law was passed for the suppression of seditious conventicles, (religious assembly) which inflicted on all persons, over sixteen years of age, present at any religious meeting of five or more persons in any manner than is allowed by the practice of the Church of England, a penalty of three months imprisonment for the first offense, of six months for the second, and seven years transportation (deportation) for the third. If the offender returned, he was doomed to death.’
Here Curry attacked the Roman Church but his ideas were just as appropriate for Washington’s omniscience when it came to the South: ‘There is a strong tendency in individuals, sects and parties to arrogate superior wisdom and to condemn dissenters for not accepting their judgements. This is the kind of Sir Oracle presumption: “When I ope my mouth, let no dog bark.” We are accustomed to having sections assume a kind of exclusive patriotism and devotion to human rights. Men often boast of their liberty of conscience, freedom of thought, but are reluctant to concede the same privileges to others....With certain people, “the church” is used to signify their special communion, including a class of the select or the superior, and excluding “the masses,” the “great unwashed.”
In ‘Establishment and Disestablishment,’ Curry wrote about how in 18th century England, religious tests were required of the colonial clergy to demonstrate loyalty to the Crown. This had a parallel in post-war Dixie, where test oaths were used to disqualify ex-Confederates from political, religious and legal positions. Curry: ‘In the matter of religious tests the Mother Country claimed to control the colonies ... Bigoted feeling under Queen Anne was strong, and in 1702 she issued an order directing that all those who held any public office in any colony, whether the colony was royal, chartered or proprietary, should take the tests and make declarations required by the Imperial Toleration Act.’
Volatile American and Spanish Constitutions Even twenty years after the war, Southerners were still considered traitors and still were largely barred from nationally prominent political positions. They still had to be careful about what they said or wrote in public. Then President Grover Cleveland appointed Jabez Curry
Ambassador to Spain in 1885. This was considered a peace offering to the South.
Later, in ‘Constitutional Government in Spain,’ Curry wrote about his experiences in Madrid, including the numerous Spanish constitutions, which produced instability and violence. His story was just as applicable to the tragic volatility that the Reconstruction constitution had produced in the United States after the War for Southern Independence. This new American document was the antidiesis of the original. Instead of promoting State Sovereignty, it destroyed it. Instead of insuring a decentralized government, it opened the way for a nationalized one. Instead of insuring government by the people, the new constitution was put in place against the will of many Southern and Northern voters. ‘The American idea of the derivation of political power from the people has not found lodgement, as an actuality, in Spanish politics, literature or thought ... Absolute monarchy, a regency, military dictatorship, have come and gone with suddenness-and celerity. Militarism, flagrant violations of constitutions and alas, oscillations between despotism and anarchy, have marked the unhappy history of this country and the people have often quietly acquiesced in these rapidly occurring mutations as things to be expected. Power has been sought, not by legal methods or constitutional forms, but by revolts, insurrections, conspiracies. The bayonet has superceded the ballot box or the vote of the Cortes. The army has been a political machine. Military officers intriguers...In the crisis of every party question, the inquiry is, ‘which side controls the cannons?’ England versus Ireland or Southern Disenfranchisement Jabez Curry wrote a biography of Britain’s famed Prime Minister, William Gladstone. The reforms that Gladstone introduced, to normalise the antagonistic relations between Ireland and England, coincided with the situation between North and South in the decades following the war.
Here Jabez describes the fraud involved in British borough elections. This is much like the massive duplicity of postwar Southern elections: ‘The vile machinery of openly marketable votes... exasperation at exclusion from political rights, had slowly weaned the people from their ancient attachments... seats were openly bought and sold. Populous towns, such as Manchester and Birmingham, were without representation. England became profoundly agitated. The feeling became, violent... Riots occurred in some of the largest towns... On the 7th of June, 1832, reforms passed. A great victory was won and a fruitful change was made to the constitution.’
The ‘Irish Question’ was analogous to the ‘Southern
Spring 2000
Question.’ Curry: ‘Ireland is a paradox. It is claimed that
the rules and motives applicable to other peoples cannot be adjusted to the Irish. The North and the South do not harmonize. Catholics and Protestants are like alien races...Hates and antipathies rather than friendships and agreements have dominated. Loyalty, law and order, intelligible terms, have been misapplied. Loyalty to the sovereign, and imperial patriotism have been the exception. Secret leagues have taken the place of open political warfare. Assassinations, boycotting, proscription, absenteeism, governmental distrust, oppressive discrimination, coercion, shadowing, have been varying aspects of the mobile kaleidoscope.’
Local control vs. nationalized government was a major issue for the Irish as well as the South: ‘Home rule has been much misrepresented, and Gladstone has been fiercely assailed for his willingness to sever the Empire by making Ireland independent. His proposal is Imperial unity with local autonomy... Mr Chamberlain once forcibly said that centralisation ‘throws upon the English Parliament and English officials the duty and burden of supervising every petty detail of Irish local affairs, stifles the national life, destroys the sense of responsibility, keeps the people in ignorance of the duties and functions of government, produces a perpetual feeling of irritation, while it obstructs all necessary legislation.’
In 1850 Gladstone wrote a scathing letter to the Earl of Aberdeen about Ferdinand, the King of Naples. Ferdinand had banished the opposition party from the Chamber of Deputies, imprisoning its 20,000 members.
The excesses and denial of civil rights were the mirror-image of the abuses that had been wrought upon the defeated South. Curry wrote that Gladstone’s letters ‘sent a thrill of horror and indignation through Europe and America.’ Gladstone said that there had been a ‘deliberate, systematic violation of the law... operating on such a scale that entire classes may with truth be said to be its object, so that the government is in bitter and cruel, as well as utterly illegal, hostility to whatever in the nation really lives ... It is the perfect prostitution of the judicial office, which has made it, under the veils only too threadbare and transparent, the degraded recipient of the vilest and clumsiest forgeries, got up willfully and deliberately by the immediate advisors of the Crown for the purpose of destroying the peace, the freedom, ay, and even, if not in the capital sense, the life of men among the most virtuous, upright, intelligent, distinguished and refined of the whole.
Mr John Chodes is an author and member of the New York State chapter of the League of the South. He is writing a biography of Jabez Curry.
27 Southern Events
Without Southerners Free Speech Will be Nonexistent
ik
by Lake E. High, Jr.
We still have a semblance of free speech in America only because Southerners gave it to us and insist on it to this day.
Southerners wrote the Constitution, which guaranteed freedom of speech and freedom of the press. It was Thomas Jefferson who was the strongest advocate of the First Amendment to the Constitution, the Amendment that is the first of the ten Amendments that we call the Bill of Rights. Without the written guarantees of the Constitution we would be in exactly the same legal place as our British, German and French progenitors-and that is a place which has steadily evolved into thought control and speech control.
In Britain if you discuss racial differences you go to jail. In the first big case on that point a British judge ruled for the defendant saying ‘no Englishman can be sent to jail for telling the truth.’ Then in a new (and the now controlling) case, the British High Court sent the offender off to jail saying ‘truth can not be used as a defense.’ In Germany and in France any discussion of race that is objected to by ‘minorities’ will get you a long sentence in jail and truth is not a defence there either. But it’s not just those European countries that have followed that route, now it is in Canada as well.
We tend to think of Canada as, more or less, just like the United States. The truth is that the United States is becoming more and more like socialist Canada. In an article published in the Washington Post newspaper, Steven Pearlstein tells us of how ‘pleasant authoritarianism’ has come to Canada. In his recent article he reported, ‘Although the 1982 Charter of Rights and Freedoms put free speech and a free press into the bedrock of Canadian law, neither the public nor Canada’s courts views these rights as absolutely as Americans have come to view the First Amendment.’ The Canadian Supreme Court has ruled in a series of cases that the government may limit free speech in the name of other worthwhile goals, such as ending discrimination, ensuring social harmony or promoting equality of the sexes. So, in Canada we see that even writing freedoms into law doesn’t do any good when leftists hold power. It’s just like our Constitution, when leftists achieve absolute power they simply say a
Spring 2000
law means only what they want it to mean.
You see, in Canada they have a ‘hate speech code’ that prohibits any statement that is ‘likely to expose a person or group of persons to hatred or contempt because of race, color, ancestry, place of origin, religion, martial status, family status, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation or age.’ In other words, Political Correctness is law. Say something that a leftist finds offensive and in Canada you go to jail.
‘We respect free speech,’ said Ron Cohen, chairman of the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council, a watchdog group, ‘but we don’t worship it. It is one thing we value, but not the only thing.’
Have these laws had an effect on free speech? You bet they have. Andrea Wylie, who is a member of the Canadian Radio and Television Commission, calls it ‘a reasonable chill’ on speech. She said, ‘We don’t have the hang-up you Americans have with free speech.’
Of course Hugh Owens of Saskatchewan would disagree with the reasonableness of it all. Hugh Owens is a Christian who paid for a small display ad in a Canadian newspaper showing a stick figure of two men holding hands inside a circle with a slash through it. Owens, who is opposed to homosexuality, also quoted Leviticus, Romans and First Corinthians on the subject. He was arrested. ‘Our position is that you can’t rely simply on the free exchange of ideas to cleanse the environment of hate and intolerance,’ said John Hucher, secretary general of the Canadian Human Rights Commission. Hugh Owens may be the first person arrested for quoting the Bible. You can bet he won’t be the last in a country that is ruled by leftists.
And in Vancouver, Douglas Collins, who is a newspaper man, wrote four columns in which he questioned whether the number of Jews killed in World War II was as high as the popularly quoted 6 million number. That is a big ‘no-no.’ He was arrested and on conviction his newspaper paid a $2,000 dollar fine. He is now a former columnist. If you read WhitakerOnline on the South Carolina League of the South web site you may recall that an American who also questioned the 6 million number was arrested while visiting in Denmark and then shipped to neighbouring Germany where there was a warrant for his arrest. Germany had made out the arrest warrant after viewing his internet web site that he maintains in America. He was tried, convicted, and is now serving a 12 year sentence. No one in the American media, by the way, has seen fit to question why an American visiting Denmark should be now siting in a German jail for doing what he did back in America where it was legal. And there is a reason why the American media has looked the other way on this legal
28 Southern Events
travesty- they agree with it They want people like him in jail. The concept of free speech means nothing to them when it comes to following the party line.
So where is the Canadian Civil Liberties Association, the Canadian answer to the American ACLU, while all of this is going on in their country? Alan Borovoy, general counsel of the CCLA, commented that while Americans are suspicious of government and rally to the cry of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, Canadians tend to respect authority and set their sights on the more modest goals of ‘peace, order and good government.’ He was quoted as saying, ‘I tell people that Canada is a pleasantly authoritarian country.’ It is remarkable that a political activist will actually state that peace and order is more important than life and liberty and be hailed in his own country as anything other than a public threat. Of course, peace and order is often maintained in prisons, but liberty is nonexistent and life is precarious. But, then, that’s exactly how it is in leftist run countries isn’t it?
All of this authoritarianism, pleasant or otherwise, is coming to pass in the US too. Almost every university has instituted a ‘speech code’ that, while it won’t get you thrown into jail (they wish they had that power, but they dont), it will get you thrown off campus. While these speech codes were being installed in our colleges, our Ruling Elite’s national media was encouraging it all the way. Plus, the national media has, on its own, simply censored every aspect of the discussion of racial differences from public speech. And they have also made it a policy to viciously attack anyone who does not toe the party line on any topic of Jewish interest. So between the censorship by the national media and the self imposed censorship in our learning institutions, the same politically correct results are obtained in the US as in Canada. ‘But,’ you say, ‘at least they can’t throw is in jail/ Well, just wait a bit; it’s coming.
‘Hate Speech’ laws are going on the books in many states (the South Carolina legislature considered one last year) and a national law is inching towards passage in Washington. And the Supreme Court can always be depended on to take away the few protections afforded by our states as well as the individual freedoms of innocent people. The US Supreme Court extends legal protection only in the case of criminals and leftists. They can be trusted to come down on the side of the political leftists who constitute our Ruling Elite.
The leftists who rule our country want the same laws here that their fellow leftists have enacted in Europe and Canada. They want them very badly which is why they keep proposing new ‘hate speech’ laws and why their newspapers keep editorializing for them.
Spring 2000
‘But,’ you may ask, ‘won’t that sort of law hurt the press?’ No, not at all. Occasionally some really dense newspaper writer, one who doesn’t toe the party line and who still remembers what freedom was like under a Southern created political system, may find himself a ‘former’ columnist. And occasionally some newspaper may have to pay a fine. But having erased all the ‘hate’ from daily speech, our Ruling Elite, just as they do in Europe and Canada, will keep on selling papers and making money. Plus, they will have created what they think is a better world. You, in the mean time, may very well be sharing a jail cell with someone who is very unhappy with you because of the ‘hate speech’ that got you sent there in the first place.
When you live in a world dominated by political leftists you find, as over 100 million people executed in this last century have already found, that your life means nothing to them. They are perfectly willing, sometimes even eager, to see you dead in the name of their ideas of ‘peace, order and good government. ’ At a minimum they want people like you to either follow the party line or shut up. If you don’t do that they want you jailed under the ‘hate speech’ laws they propose.
That is why Southerners must stand firm in the face of leftist governments and leftist political agendas and that includes ignoring the editorials published in leftist newspapers. No one outside of the South has had the guts to do so, which is why those damnable speech code laws sit on the books in Europe and Canada and why northern and west coast states in the US have enacted those laws.
Southerners, the people who first introduced a written guarantee of free speech to the world, are the last guardians of it. It’s up to them.
Mr Lake High is the former chairman of the South Carolina League of the South
Doctors vs. Gun Owners
Number of physicians in the US..............700,000
Accidental deaths
caused by physicians per year.............120,000
Accidental deaths per physician...............0.171
Number of gun owners in the US..........80,000 000
Number of accidental gun deaths
per year (all age groups)...................1,500
Accidental deaths per gun owner...........0.0000188
Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners.
Spring 2000
AMERICA’S DELIGHT
by Ken Gillaspie
Like the V-1 on London fell,
OrtheV-2 straight down
Through cloudy skies in the pitch dark night,
It blossoms into the orange glow-hell Engrossed in it’s smoky gown:
Belgrade is filled with fright.
Mr Clinton’s army of ship and planes Has launched its terror, a burning smell Engulfs the people who raise their heads with frowns And hold their hands in line with target signs Across their breasts, a sight—
They shake their fists at phantoms as the bombs like bells Bursting close by to new born babes birthing, make sounds That leave them crying in the night, until the morning bright And more missies come: Belgrade’s plight— America’s delight!
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Component s Background Music Camcorders - Computers VCRs - TVs - Primestar 1125 Church Street Selma/ Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
'Truth is error's best antagonist!'
JEFFERSON DAVIS: UNCONQUERABLE HEART 808 pp. by Felicity Allen. Greatest book yet written on Davis $34.95
A BIOGRAPHY OF THE STRUCK EAGLE: BRIG. GEN MICAH JENKINS & 6TH SC VOLUNTEERS
471 pp. by J. J. Baldwin $34.95
MAY I QUOTE YOU, GENERAL FORREST (pb) $ 7.95
GRISWOLDVILLE (Ga.) by W. H. Bragg. 244 pp. 100 photographs, maps, etc. Home of a pistol factory. $29.95
CALHOUN’S PHILOSOPHY OF POLITICS: A STUDY OF ‘A Disquisition on Government’ by G. S. Brown $45.00
THE SOLDIER-BISHOP: ELLISON CAPERS, 400 pp. by son Walter Capers. Biography reprint	$30.00
BELLE OF THE FIFTIES: MEMOIRS OF MRS. CLAY OF ALABAMA 512pp. by Virginia Clay-Clopton (pb)	$24.95
Cloth $49.95
CIVIL WAR IN THE WESTERN TERRITORIES: ARIZONA, COLORADO, NEW MEXICO & UTAH (pb) 239 pp.
by R. C. Colton $15.96
THE FLAGS OF CIVIL WAR SOUTH CAROLINA (pb) 144 pp. 108 color illustrations. byG. Dedmont	$15.95
UNCLE REMUS: HIS SONGS AND HIS SAYINGS (Reprint of 1901 edition) by J. C. Harris	$20.00
FIRST WITH THE MOST FORREST (pb) by Henry $16.95
THE STORY OF RECONSTRUCTION 1865-1977 by R. S. Henry. Hardback Reprint of 1939 edition. 633 pp. $14.95
CRY HEART: STORIES AND MEMOIRS FROM THE CONFEDERACY(pb)220 pp. Edited by L. Jacobs $19.95
MISSOURI’S CONFEDERATE:	CLAIBORNE	FOX
JACKSON & THE CREATION OF SOUTHERN IDENTIFY IN THE BORDER WEST by C. Phillips 342 pp. $29.95
GRAY GHOST: THE LIFE OF COL. JOHN SINGLETON MOSBY 432 pp. by J. A. Ramage.
(New information on Mosbyl) $30.00
SAM HOUSTON’S WIFE: A BIOGRAPHY OF MARGARET LEA HOUSTON 328 pp. (Pb)
by W. Seale. (Of Marion, Alabama) $15.95
(pb) = paperback Dr. C. E. Baker 652 Sixteenth Avenue, NW Birmingham, Alabama 35215 P & H $2.50 First Volume, $1.50 thereafter Personal Cheques Welcome, No Credit Cards (205)854-2690, (205) 853-0967
A SOUTHERN VIEW
Changes in latitudes, changes in attitudes
by Nelson Waller
Having lived in both North and South I can honestly say the two regions both have their good points. Yet in the ‘bottom line’ of regional character- personal character- I for one feel there is treasure in Dixie that most Northerners can only dream of. I’m going to try to put this into words without being altogether too chauvinistic.
In essence I am thinking of the essential Yankee personality versus the essential Southron. God knows the South has its share of rude, crude and/or lewd persons. And some of the nicest, most Southern-mannered people I’ve ever known were total Yankees. Yet a distinct North vs. South pattern remains, no matter how much Yankee ‘culture" mows us down each day via TV and other media. The pattern is that in very general terms, there is a basic Southern mindset and a basic Northern one. And all over the world the consensus seems to be that the latter is more to be desired.
Here’s the difference in a nutshell: negative versus positive. Up North, cynicism rules. The unstated working assumption is that life is a great inconvenience; it’s oneself against the rest of the universe; God is not real; life basically makes no sense; everything is presumed stupid until proven otherwise. There is no connection with the past, and institutions rightly rule the present. Socialism, liberalism and the ‘new world order’ go with the Yankee mentality like a hand in a glove. We could lump the whole affair under the heading of humanism, or existentialism, or Romanticism- take your pick. Existentialism is a popular pseudo-philosophy which basically says that life has no meaning.
Humour is where these differences all come out in the wash. If you think about Yankee humour, it’s totally negative. Everything is a mock in some way, in other words, a slam on someone or something, even oneself. Erma Bombeck and Don Rickies are two names that should go down in history in this regard. They made incalculable loot with their bilge, making them prominent among the culture destroyers of this age.
The essential Southern mindset has the very opposite pole, Christianity, for its foundation. And this underlying assumption of an omniscient, omnipotent, all-loving heavenly Father changes everything. Life is thus positive, and humour is there to give pleasure and
to point up human foibles in a wholesome way. Up North much conversation takes the form of head-butting ‘putdown’ humour. The ‘celebrity roast’ is the epitome of this phenomenon- predictably, another function of Yankee mass-media entertainment.
It almost goes without saying that Hollywood, the cultural juggernaut of all time, is totally negative and degenerate at this point- and that very few of its denizens have ever come from Dixie. Surely the Three Stooges, a major presence during the baby boomers’ childhood, helped pave the way for the national in-your-face attitude which is inescapable today. The boomers’ parents ate the Stooges’ fare during their youth as well!
Southerners have almost abandoned their God. The region has spat in his face for years, for instance by favoring vapid, rapture-obsessive preaching and by sending the WORST of all political whores to Washington. (Yes, that is a religious matter, as is all politics if truth were known.) BUT- There’s a remnant of spiritual life in the Southern soul which generally keeps people’s attitudes within certain bounds. The assumption is not ‘excuse me, world, while I show you how it’s done,’ but more ‘It’s only me,’ and if anything, ‘I’m going to beguile you with sheer unassumingness.’
Unassuming- there’s another keyword here. It implies modesty and deference balanced by a deep knowledge of one’s place in the cosmos. The true Southerner gives no offense but is nobody’s fool either.
Mr Nelson Waller is a SC League member, and he writes a regular column for The Edgefield Advertiser.
Dear Reader:
Would take some time to sit down and write us a letter so that we will know how we may improve our service to you?
Please let us know what you like about Southern Events-, and what you don’t like. What can we do to improve? Any suggestions?
If you will write a critique for us, we would greatly appreciate it, and will in return add 6 MONTHS on to your existing subscription.
Thanks,
Nat Rudulph
Editor, Southern Events POBox 2517
Selma, Alabama 36702-2517
Old South Books is proud to offer you the story of the South, as told by those who have true Southern, i.e., Confederate sympathies. Shop from our free booklist of politically incorrect books and audio tapes for information that the victors of the War for Southern Independence would like to keep suppressed.
We now have in stock Charles Adams’s blockbuster new book, WHEN IN THE COURSE OF HUMAN EVENTS: ARGUING THE CASE FOR SOUTHERN SECESSION, for the discounted price of $22.95 (plus $4.00 shipping and handling). Alabama residents add 8% sales tax. Send check or money order to:
Old South Books 4228 Hillsdale Circle, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404
Tired of politically correct, historically incorrect newsletters?
Want to read a newsletter that approaches both history and contemporary events from a
Christian, pro-Southern perspective?
Subscribe to THE COPPERHEAD CHRONICLE
Published four times per year.
Subscription cost $8.00 per year,
Single copies $2.50 each.
For information write to:
The Copperhead
PO Box 1883
Arlington Heights, Illinois 60006
or E-mail us at
copperheadl0@juno.com Be sure to check out our web page at: http://www.csa-dixie.com/copperheadchronicle.htm