Vol. 5 No. 4
Ideas Deemed Unfit to Print by the Lapdog Press
Late 2000
em
Events

A Tale of Two 6Hate Crimes’
by Steven Yates
I reject the category ‘hate crime* on principle, but never mind that for the moment. In South Carolina, an act of vandalism in which no one was hurt and property damage was minimal was classified a ‘hate crime’ and thus considered newsworthy. A man whose truck bears a Confederate emblem was followed home because of it and beaten into near-unconsciousness on his own property, and the official classification is ‘road rage’: a routine matter, and not newsworthy. (Full story page 20)
Southrons must be Anti-War!
Southrons & Empire Wars Southrons pay a higher price in blood every time the Empire fights. With under 25% of the population, Southrons made up 34% of the armed forces in WWII, 35% in Korea, 36% in Vietnam, and 41 % in the Persian Gulf War.
by Paul D. Alexander
I used to detest Tom Hayden,
Jane Fonda's ex-husband.
But Hayden - otherwise a loyal Democrat - wrote a blistering letter to President Clinton at the height of the anti-Serb bombing crusade, excoriating him for starting it and reminding him pointedly of their shared past as anti-war activists. I
disagree with Hayden on other issues, but I have a great deal of admiration for his anti-war principles. In opposing the Vietnam War, he wasn’t taking orders from international communism, he was genuinely against wars of aggression. His current opposition shows his consistency.
Throughout our history. Southrons have been the feistiest, and probably the most warlike, of Americans. We have always been the best fighters, pound for pound, and since the Spanish-American War of 1898, we have been 110% behind the US government’s foreign wars.
What thanks have we gotten? (Continued page 9)
Origins of American Vote Fraud
by Thomas DiLorenzo
Ever since Mayor Daley of Chicago ‘found’ thousands of dead people to ‘vote’ for John F. Kennedy in the 1960 election, many Americans have suspected the Democratic party’s urban political machines to be awash in voter fraud. That suspicion was not lessened by the controversy in Florida.
As notorious as the Democrat political machines are, the origins of mass vote fraud in America lie in the Party of Lincoln. (Cont. Page 12) Articles by Robert Whitaker (p. 5) What If Maurice Bessinger Were A Leftist? + The ‘Southern Crawl’ Doesn’t Work+Slavery Reparations Reparations for Southrons? (p. 26) Book Review by Joe Scotchie (p. 7) Where No Flag Flies:Donald Davidson Thomas Wolfe’s Look Homeward, Angel Reborn as O, Lost (p. 24) Morris Dees & The SPLC (page 23) South-Haters Debunked (page 13) TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE for York Presbyterian Church and Rev. Murphy - the Alabama Supreme Court affirms Judge Hardaway’s decision usurping church authority. (Cont. p. 2)
Late 2000
Southern Events
Southern Events is published quarterly by the Alabama League of the South. Articles express the opinion of the writer and not necessarily League positions. Articles may be reproduced (in entirety only) if credit is given to the author and Southern Events along with this information: ‘Subscriptions $15 yearly, P O Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517.’ Southern Events uses Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Also known as Oxford Standard or British Orthography, it was commonly used in antebellum Dixie prior to the loss of self rule.
Travesty of Justice in York, Alabama. A December ruling by the Alabama Supreme Court affirmed Judge Hardaway’s decision removing the pastor of York Presbyterian Church as well as the majority of the congregation and turning over the church and all property to a tiny group of dissidents. Rev. Martin Murphy, of York Presbyterian Church, said he believed the Supreme Court’s affirmation of the decision was ‘...based on politics and not on law.’
It includes the following implications: The state has a right to determine the qualifications for a minister, to excommunicate members from the church, and to determine who can be a member of the church.
Hardaway’s order clearly said - without any proof during the trial - ‘The Defendants with other congregational members who are members of the League of the South converted the assets, real and personal, of the York Presbyterian Church, Inc., to a staging ground for an increased membership for the League of the South and for promoting its purposes and missions. They further acted to increase the congregation of the York Presbyterian Church with the League of the South members, many of whom are from other towns and counties than York, Sumter County, Alabama. Many of such individuals were accepted to membership before the local congregation realized that the true intent and purpose of these new members was to promote the League of the South and the mission of Rev. Martin Murphy, as pastor.'
Victory in SC for Danny Verdin and others. Two of the three men supported by the League of the South for election in the South Carolina General Assembly were elected to office Tuesday. Senator Larry Grooms was re-elected and Senator Danny Verdin is the new Senator from the Upcountry of Laurens.
Pat Coxe was not successful in his bid for a House
msttic*. but was the first SC Uague member to be a
candidate for the General Assembly.
In a hard fought contest that was one of the more expensive legislative races in South Carolina history (the Democrats spent over $300k), political observers were stunned by Verdin’s strong performance in Lauren County, traditionally Democratic.
Verdin's margin of victory came from his domination of the eight Greenville County precincts which went heavily Republican and hosted a record turnout.
The election was the most negative campaign in state history, with Bryan and the state Democratic Party 1 launching a vicious personal attack on Verdin’s character. The Bryan campaign repeatedly attempted to paint the League of the South as a ‘racist hate group’ and tried to convince voters that because of Verdin s association with the League he was unfit for public service. The worst part of the attack came in the final days when the Bryan campaign sent out a mailer depicting a burning US flag and the slogan Danny Verdin is Proud to Be Un-American.’
General Forrest Stays Put in Selma, Alabama- for Now. A threat by the newly elected black mayor of Selma to move or dismantle the Nathan Bedford Forrest monument from its place at the city-owned Smitherman Museum has been stayed for the present time. The city council voted to leave the monument until more study could be done to determine any legal consequences or logistical problems involved in moving the monument.
A spokesman for Friends of Forrest, the group responsible for erecting the monument, stated that they were exploring legal options, as well as seeking a possible alternative site on private property in the event a move were forced, or in the event the city placed a politically-correct ‘interpretive’ marker near the monument denigrating Forrest’s honour.
A concrete block was smashed against the bust, without damage, the night after Mayor Perkins inveighed against it. Rose Sanders, wife of Senator Hank Sanders, incited supporters to ‘take the statue down’. Raucous incidents also occurred in city council meetings, which resulted in the removal of Rose Sanders and others. Garbage was dumped on the statue more than once. An FBI spokesman who was contacted said it was ‘not a “hate” crime*.
Your help is needed for the legal battle and the possible purchase of private property for a memorial park for the monument. Send your donations to Pat Godwin, 10800 Dallas Co Rd 30, Selma, AL 36701.
ASFI Optimistic About Passage of State Flag Law. Walter Bryant, director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative (ASFI), said that he is optimistic about passage of a State Flag Law during the next legislative session.
3 Southern Events
Late 2000
Representative Johnny Curry along with numerous cosponsors will introduce the bill when the House convenes in February. The bill will require that the state flag be flown outside the entrance doors of all public supported facilities including jails, state trooper offices, police stations, schools, colleges, and other facilities supported in whole or in part by public funds. According to Bryant, a new state flag law is needed because the State Flag is disappearing from sight all over the state. It is important for the public, especially Alabama’s children, to be reminded of the importance of their State Government and how it serves them in so many ways. In addition, the flag is an important symbol of local government.
ASFI was instrumental in having a bill introduced in the last session of the Legislature but the bill never reached the floor for a vote. Bryant believes things will be different this time. In September the ASFI with the help of members and supporters began a letter writing campaign to legislators. Many members of the house have already pledged timely action on the bill. Support is not as solid in the Senate, and your help is needed in contacting the senators, and the Lt. Governor.
Contributions or inquires should be sent to ASFI, RO. Box 164, Columbiana, AL 35051. E-mail to asfi2000@ hotmail .com.
Mississippi Flag Change Sought by Commission. The Mississippi Advisory Commission, made up of 17 citizens and legislators hand-picked by the Democratic governor and legislative members, has issued a report, recommending a new flag. At issue is whether voters will be allowed to vote on it through a referendum.
An audience of over 400 packed Millsaps College auditorium in Jackson, Mississippi, at the last of five public hearings held by the commission. In the first three hearings, supporters of the current flag greatly outnumbered opponents. The fourth meeting was at Gulfport, where flag opponents were in greater numbers, but the last at Millsaps was evenly divided.
A group of Mississippi clergy recently joined the call for replacing the flag.
Legislation Sought Against Georgia flag. The NAACP and a number of other groups renewed their efforts to culturally cleanse the Georgia flag.
State Rep. Tyrone Brooks said, ‘If it’s not dealt with in 2001,1 do know the national civil rights community will be calling for national economic sanctions...’
A new poll showed about half of Georgians want to keep the current flag, while 33% favour a new flag.
A Group of Civil Rights and Class-Action Lawyers Are Preparing a Lawsuit Seeking Reparations for American blacks descended from slaves.
The project, called the Reparations Assessment Group
seeks to get American blacks compensated for 244 years of legalized slavery.
A spokesman said the federal government, state governments and private entities such as corporations and institutions that benefited from slave labour could be targets of the legal action.
Attorneys involved include Johnnie Cochran; J. Pires Jr., who won a $1 billion settlement for black farmers; Richard Scruggs, who won the $368.5 billion settlement for states against tobacco companies; Dennis C. Sweet ID, who won a $400 million settlement in the ‘phen-fen’ diet drug case; and Willie E. Gary, who won a $500 million judgment against the Loewen Group Inc., the world’s largest funeral home operators.
Also in the group is Randall Robinson, president of the TransAfrica Forum, and author of The Debt: What America Owes to Blacks, which argues for reparations.
‘This will be the most important case in the history of our country,’ Pires claimed. ‘We all agree the suit has to tell the story of what slavery has done to blacks in America ... We are still suffering from [it]...’
Reparation supporters point to recent cases where groups have been compensated in cash for historic harm. A letter of formal apology and $20,000 were given by the US government to each Japanese-American held in internment camps during WW n.
Austria last week established a $380 million fund to compensate thousands of Nazi-era slave labourers.
Opponents argue that victims in the Nazi and Japanese-American cases were directly harmed while modem-day blacks were not.
In addition, they question the fairness of taxpayers and corporations burdened with possible multibillion dollar settlements.
Pires claimed there were overlaps between the slavery of past centuries and today's corporations. He noted that Aetna Inc., the nation's largest health insurer, apologized earlier this year for selling policies in the 1850s that reimbursed slave owners for financial losses when their slaves died.
In July, The Hartford (Conn.) Courant newspaper published a front-page apology for mnning ads for slave sales and the recapture of mnaways in the 1700s and 1800s. Such advertisements were commonplace in many newspapers until the Civil War.
Hate Crime Not a Hate Crime Against Whites. A black man accused of killing an 8 year old white boy in Alexandria, Virginia, last spring, had been released from prison only 12 days before the murder. Gregory Devon Murphy, 29, slashed Kevin Shifflet’s throat while shouting expletives about ‘killing whites’. US Attorney Helen Faley, a Clinton appointee, refused to bring any federal charges. An observer noted that had the races
Late 2000
been reversed this media-ignored crime would be bigger news than the Byrd incident in Texas.
IRS considers regulating Web speech. The IRS is considering the issuance of new guidelines on Internet communications by tax-exempt organisations.
The tax collection agency quietly released a document called ‘Announcement 2000-84' soliciting public comment on possible new regulations for charities, think tanks and educational organisations.
House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, has issued a statement condemning the IRS proposal.
‘The IRS has no business getting involved in whether a think tank has links on its website, or how often a charity’s site is updated,’ he said. ‘The idea of turning the tax man into a Net cop would have a chilling effect on free speech on the Internet. I'm glad the agency has not taken any regulatory action yet. We will be watching what they do, and we will not tolerate any backdoor attempt to regulate the Internet.’
The public comment period on this issue will close Feb. 13, 2001, according to the IRS announcement. Comments are to be directed to Judith E. Kindell, the principal author of the announcement, at the IRS, 1111 Constitution Avenue NW, Washington, D.C. 20224.
Bessinger’s Sauce Business Drops 98 Per Cent in the aftermath of the boycott reported in our last issue. Maurice Bessinger says his restaurant business is up slightly, but overall revenue is down 55%, and his wholesale business down 98%. He has cut 15 employees after retail stores pulled his products.
Six months after raising the Confederate flag, and four months after removing US flags from the top of flagpoles at his restaurants, Bessinger is unbowed.
‘Two grocery store chains told me if I’d take my Confederate flag down and remove the tracts from my stores they’d keep selling my sauce,’ Bessinger said. ‘I said, “Absolutely not. Freedom of speech has a price.’” Maurice Bessinger Writes to Supporters Dear Friends:
It is now 3:30 am and as most mornings go these last four months, I awoke and immediately started thinking of things I must do today. For the first time in several months, I have a little time to do something I’ve wanted to do for quite some time, which is to thank you for the personal help and support you have shown me, my family and my business.
Also, I feel that I must apologise for not answering all the phone calls, emails and letters of support written to me and to others on my behalf. The simple truth is, both my staff and I have been overwhelmed from the day-to-day pressures and the sheer volume of mail.
Over the last months we have received over 6,000 emails, letters and uncounted thousands of telephone
calls There were, by the way, only about 50 neeadv, emmls compared to the 6,000+ poSitive
Perhaps some day I can thank each and every one of dear friends personally.	7
I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for the messages of support that have come in. They have meant so much to me, my family and to my fellow employees, especially when we were being maligned in all the media, our stores were being vandalized and we were being personally threatened by various thugs.
Our battle began soon after I raised our Confederate flag on July 1st for the first time at my headquarters and restaurant here in West Columbia, South Carolina. I knew before I did it, that the stand I was taking might affect my life, my family and my business, but I did it because I felt it needed to be done. After the defeat that we sustained in the South Carolina Legislature when the Confederate flag was removed, I had hoped my individual show of pride might be the beginning of a resurgence of individual pride for all Southerners.
Shortly thereafter, I also raised the South Carolina flag to its proper place of sovereignty and asked our legislators to reconsider the historical fact that our states are sovereign over the federal government and not the other way around. My call to consider the proper place of the, now massive federal government, was the act that
started all the trouble.
A scurrilous newspaper article was then written and published in the largest newspaper in the state. That article completely ignored my constitutional arguments, but, it introduced the incendiary topics of race and slavery. That article, concentrating only on issues that I had not raised, caused the firefight that followed.
We are in a battle for survival for our people, our business, and also for our lives. The major media has done a poor job of reporting what has happened to us, but that, unfortunately, is now to be expected.
I have no choice now, but to strengthen my resolve and be ever vigilant. I will not be frightened from our course now. I have asked God to give me the strength to persevere and endure in this fight.
I am in the process of revamping my web site to keep you informed of my political fight, as well as to better serve my customers. Please visit my site at http://www. mauricesbbq.com
Again, I want to thank you for your past support and
I ask for your continued support. I also ask that you prav
for me and my family and my employees. Pi *
remember that God is on our side and we will •	,	e
411 win m the
end
Your fellow patriot and brother in Christ, Maurice Bessinger
5 Southern Events
Late 2000
Robert Whitaker’s Corner
WHAT IF MAURICE BESSINGER WERE A LEFTIST?
Wal-Mart and other stores took Maurice Bessinger's BBQ sauce off their shelves. Bessinger has a big Confederate flag in front of his barbeque stands and a lot of right-wing pamphlets inside. The Wal-Mart line on boycotting Maurice Bessinger’s barbecue sauce now is that they object to one of his pamphlets.
In the 1960s, I went into a grocery store in Georgetown, DC. It was a low-price place where hippies and students shopped, an alternative to capitalism. You brought in your own bag. Its theory was that capitalists were taking so much money by markups that it would be easy to undercut them. It didn’t last long. There were pamphlets in those stores with quotes from Chairman Mao, who was then ruling and murdering in China, and Che Guevara, who had been murdering in South America.
What would the liberals say if such a grocery store existed in Columbia, and big companies wouldn’t sell them anything because of their pamphlets that openly praised leftist totalitarians and murderers? Liberals, with the State newspaper leading the way, would raise hell. To these overage hippies, freedom of speech for the left, and only for the left, is sacred.
But no one is going to ask if these people would allow a restaurant to be boycotted for leftist views. This is a question the right never asks. It is taken for granted by now that you can do anything to suppress the right, and the left has freedom of speech.
I know a lot of regular conservatives, and every one of them seems to be angry at Bessinger for challenging our rulers in this way. Not one legislator from the Republican Party-that ‘more conservative’ party, you know-is supporting his rights. Nor is any businessman.
In the meantime, these same conservatives are shocked that more and more facilities are being closed to the Boy Scouts because they won’t take homosexual scoutmasters. Conservatives ask, ‘Where did the forces of Political Correctness get such power?’
The correct answer is, ‘They got it from you. Every time they condemned someone as an extreme rightist, you were on their side, as with Bessinger. Then they hit somebody a bit less radical with the same tactics, then less radical, until now they take on the Boy Scouts.’
Liberals won’t let anybody pick on the extreme left. They know that the price of liberty is eternal vigilance.
The right has not learned this.
THE SOUTHERN CRAWL DOESN'T WORK
Morris Dees’ heavily financed ‘watchdog’ group, The Southern Poverty Law Center, has declared the League of the South and the Heritage Preservation Association to be ‘hate’ organisations. I understand he has even included the SCV and the UDC!
First, let's get over the idea that this condemnation could have been avoided by the Southern Crawl. There are those who insist that, if we grovel and declare that the South was always wrong about everything in the past, leftists won't condemn us.
To anyone who has ever had anything to do with real world power politics, there are two obvious fatal defects in the Southern Crawl. First of all, if you were always wrong, why should I believe that you have a point now? You were so wrong you are groveling and sobbing about every position you took until last week. You will be sobbing and groveling next week about whatever you’re objecting to now, so it would be absurd to take you seriously.
The second reason the Southern Crawl is fatal can be seen by the simple fact that Dees could now condemn the UDC as a hate group and be taken seriously. First, leftists say that all of the Old South’s views must be denounced by anybody who wants to be acceptable, so Southern Crawlers denounce them. The next hoop a good Crawler has to jump through is to say no one has any right to doubt that forced integration turned out to be a wonderful thing.
Next, the Crawlers have to denounce all anti-busing movements, then anyone who criticizes special privileges for homosexuals. And soon Crawlers find that there is no bottom to this slippery slope.
Now it’s the League. I would have expected the libs to condemn the League and then wait a while before going after the SCV and the UDC. But the Crawlers have been so vocal lately that they didn’t even have to wait this time.
Often, when I see a so-called ‘Christian’ conservative debating a liberal, he is going for liberal brownie points by praising Saint Martin Luther King. These self-styled ‘Christians’ denounce everybody the left wants denounced. Then they go into a state of shock when THEIR organisations are denounced by the left as ‘hate groups,’ and their former allies join in the attack.
The left doesn't Crawl, only the right does. Liberals defend the legitimacy -‘They have something to say’- of every single leftist group, no matter how extreme.
To Crawl or not to Crawl? Here is the bottom line: In Boston, the SHAMROCK has been declared a ‘hate symbol,’ and the BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA are being moved into the ‘hate group’ category.
Late 2000
REPARATIONS FOR SLAVERY -A UVEUER ISSUE THAN YOU MIGHT THINK When LIBERALS started pushing for a national apology to blacks for slavery I figured there was something more than a token involved. Liberals, unlike respectable conservatives, don't accept token gestures for their clients. If you want Mexican votes, you give American jobs to Mexicans. If you want black votes, you have to give jobs and school openings to them that would have gone to more qualified whites.
Now that respectables have begun groveling over slavery, liberals are out, as always, to turn that token grovel into something solid. They want real money reparations for slavery, and lots of it. This is not a new issue, but they are serious now. Respectable conservatives are piling up apologies and grovels that can be used as evidence. We're talking lots of hundreds of billions of dollars, and however unlikely it may seem to you that they'll get it, never underestimate the liberals' ability to kick around the conservative wimps who speak for us.
Before you start beating your chest over how we won’t pay, remember when race quotas were unacceptable? I remember the 1960s, when they were considered impossible. You just saw a Republican Convention’s highlight speaker demand that we not only allow them, but that Republicans take a lead in enforcing them. Anything the left wants is just a matter of time to respectable conservatives. When reparations come, it will be ‘Christian’ conservatives who shout about how they will kill anybody who objects, just as today's ‘Christian’ conservatives try to outshout liberals about how anyone who ever criticized Martin Luther King is anaziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews.
This ‘reparations’ business is so old that in the mid-60s when I was professoring economics, I would address it. I put on the blackboard the argument liberals use (and conservatives will not challenge) to justify black reparations. I would write up the per capital income of blacks in America and the per capita income of whites in America. The difference, say liberals, is owed to black people.
So I put up the per capita income in a few representative black countries in Africa. Then I put up the average black income in the United States. I then asked whether BLACKS owed WHITES that difference. After all, as a direct result of their being slaves, blacks have had an income several times that of black Africans for generations.
According to the only serious econometric studies of the subject in Time On the Cross, African slaves in
America netted much higher incomes than manv Europeans in their day, much less the so-called ‘fax’ black Africans of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Respectable conservatives protect liberals from that kind of argument.
The movie ‘Roots’ begins with Kunte Kinte, a free African black man, being captured by white men. Actually, there is no record in all history of any white man ever enslaving a black man. Like all nonwhite societies, black Africa had plenty of slaves. There is no record of any black African refusing to sell another black African to a white man. They were cheap, so it made as little sense for a white man to capture a black slave himself as it would make for you to grow and refine your own sugar.
But the left has a way to prevent all such arguments. Everything that the most alarmist segregationists said would happen with racial integration has happened with racial integration. Liberals deal with this by simply not allowing anyone to mention the facts. If anyone brings them up, they simply sic the ‘religious conservatives on them. These fake Christians shriek their loyalty to Saint M. L. King, and look back to the libs for approval, the way a dog looks to his master.
I think the left will get its reparations, because, the left doesn't give up, while the right caves in predictably and completely. All at our expense, of course.
At the Republican Convention, Colin Powell got up and demanded that the Party back racial quotas to favour his race. With their worship of uniforms and their endless, goofy pursuit of ‘the black vote,’ respectable conservatives got up and cheered. Obviously, now that racial quotas are secured, it is time to go for more.
According to one fairly typical source, the present claim for reparations would be around one trillion dollars, if interest is not included.
If liberals get serious in their push for reparations, they can get plenty of money from whites. They need to keep up the drumbeat for hundreds of billion in guilt payments from whites to blacks, and to collect more and more conservative grovels. Before long, as always, conservatives will be desperate to compromise. And soon conservatives will begin to shout down anyone who dares to question reparations.
Mr Robert Whitaker is a regular contributor to SE
What About Reparations for Southrons? See page 26
7	Southern Events
Late 2000
The Patron Saint of Southern Traditionalists
Review of: Where No Flag Flies: Donald Davidson and the Southern Resistance Mark Royden Winchell. Columbia: University of Missouri Press, 2000. 386 pages, $29.95
by Joe Scotchie
6Tt may be argued that no one person has had a
Xgreater part in the development of a profession of letters in the twentieth century South than has Donald Davidson.’ So claimed Davidson’s own friend and student, M. E. Bradford in an essay written three decades ago. A bold statement indeed, especially when one considers that a great literature was the South's most important twentieth century contribution to the cause of Western civilisation. Over the years, Davidson's work has received much critical scrutiny. At long last, he is now the subject of a full-length biography. Where No Flag Flies comes on the heels of Mark Royden Winchell’s award-winning biography of Cleanth Brooks. This one is a little better, if only because Davidson's career was more interesting, his unreconstructed stand a towering model of courage and selflessness. The book is not hagiography; Davidson's many assets, as well as his nagging shortcomings are presented and analysed. With access to his subject's extensive journal, Professor Winchell's volume adds some much-needed drama and significance to the Davidson story. It will be a handsome addition to any Southern patriot’s library.
Donald Davidson's rise to literary fame is inspiring enough. A poor boy from Middle Tennessee, the son of a schoolteacher and principal at various academies throughout that region, Davidson worked his way through Vanderbilt University, eventually securing a teaching job there himself, where he then met fellow poets John Crowe Ransom, Allen Tate, and Robert Penn Warren. These gentlemen found inspiration from the poetry of such modernists as T. S. Eliot. It was, however, through their own efforts, which included a rigorous criticism of each other's works, that these writers, soon to be known as the Fugitive poets, took a bland Southern literature out of the doldrums and into an exciting era of creativity, the impact of which is still with us today.
Davidson had much in common with modernism, but he also embraced the bardic tradition when writing his own poetry. The achievement of Thomas Hardy, for
instance, was always important to him. The Tall Men, a collection of poems about the settling of the Tennessee frontier, was not simply the cry of an alienated poet, but rather about the perils of creating and maintaining an authentic folk culture. His 1938 classic, ‘Lee In The Mountains’ implores the ‘generations of the faithful heart’ to keep the legacy of Robert E. Lee and the Confederacy alive into the uncertain future awaiting the post-war South. Davidson knew the times were decadent, but his poetry did more than highlight that condition; it also sought to recover a useable, more heroic past for Southerners to rally around.
An important poet, Davidson excelled in other creative endeavours. He wrote the lyrics for Singin’ Billy, a delightful libretto about a preacher who attempts to introduce ‘Southern harmony’ spirituals to mountain people in upper South Carolina. His only novel, The Big Ballad Jamboree, is a charming comedy about a country music singer and his girlfriend, a graduate school student who scours the hills of Western North Carolina, collecting folk ballads for her master thesis. Davidson lived his entire adult life in Nashville, and he often enjoyed being entertained at the Ryman Auditorium. In the novel, he eventually placed his hero as a performer at the Grand Ole Opry, having him declare that this venue represented a good enough marriage of a traditional music form and the emerging commercial world. Davidson wrote The Big Ballad Jamboree in the late 1940s. Miraculously enough, his granddaughter discovered the manuscript sometime in the early 1990s and found if not the large publishing house it deserved, then at least a home for it at the University of Mississippi Press.
Hence, Davidson's problem. These days, more than ever, politics and literature are joined at the hip. This alone explains the intense dislike for Davidson, not only among the Manhattan literati, but also among academics in his beloved homeland. Hal Crowther, for one, notes that Davidson's name is still a cuss word at English departments throughout the South. Along with Andrew Lytle and Frank Owsley, Davidson was the most unreconstructed of the Vanderbilt Agrarians. In fact, with Ransom and Tate, he shepherded the Fugitives' transition to Agrarianism, the result being the famous 1930 manifesto, I'll Take My Stand. One of the few lasting books of the twentieth century, Stand was much more than a brief against large-scale industrialism. More importantly, it was a stirring call for Americans to reclaim their republican heritage, a way of life where, as Ransom pointed out, the ‘amenities of life....such practices as manners, conversation, hospitality,
8 Southern Events	  Late	2000
sympathy, family life, romantic love... religion and the arts’ are not compromised by a strictly business, highly
regimented urban order.
Politically, the Agrarian movement went nowhere, but Davidson never gave up the fight. A 1938 essay collection, The Attack on Leviathan, has long been revered by traditionalists all over the country. - Here, Davidson delivered a spirited defence of the nation's varied—and creative-regional cultures, citing William Faulkner and Robert Frost as products of such environments. He memorably praised the ‘old folks at home’ as representing the last line of defence against a purely materialistic society.
‘Such modems prefer to grasp the familiar,’ Davidson observed. ‘They want something to engage both their reason and their love.... The future is not yet.... But the past was, the present is; of that they can be sure. So they attach themselves .... to a home-section, one of the sections .... defined in the long conquest of our continental area. They seek spiritual and cultural autonomy.... They are learning how to meet the subtlest and most dangerous foe of humanity—the tyranny that wears the mask of humanitarianism and benevolence. They are attacking Leviathan.’
And so, we have a man of letters who compliments his creative efforts with important social and political commentary. Davidson's paternalism toward the South's racial minority has long been deemed anarchistic, but his anxieties over the Second Reconstruction of the 1950s and ‘60s were hardly unfounded. Decades of social engineering in the public school arena has prevented generations of young people, both white and black, of receiving even a passable education. Meanwhile, city council members in New Orleans and Richmond rename schools, streets, and bridges once named for George Washington, Robert E. Lee, Stonewall Jackson, and Jeb Stuart An emphasis on regional cultures, combined with the rejection of a centralized regime, remains Davidson's most significant contribution to modem Old Right thought. As important was his career as a great teacher. Although Davidson had his equals among other poets and essayists, his accomplishments as a teacher were monumental. We will probably never see his equal again in the classroom. A teacher of both literature and writing (he started the creative writing program at Vanderbilt), Davidson's influence extended to several generations of talented students. Just consider the lineup of published writers who passed through his classroom door Robert Penn Warren, Andrew Lytle, Cleanth Brooks, Jesse Stuart, Peter Taylor, Richard Weaver, Mildred Haun, Richmond Croom Beatty, Randall
Jarrell, Elizabeth Spencer, Thomas Daniel You™ Robert Drake, James Dickey, Madison Jones m! Bradford, Thomas Landess, and Roy Blount, Jr.
His teaching abilities were felt in a variety of ways. Cleanth Brooks, the most accomplished of all the New Critics, claimed that Davidson first taught him how to read fiction in purely aesthetic terms. In addition, Davidson implored the young Jesse Stuart to stick to that same bardic tradition when celebrating the Kentucky mountain culture Stuart knew so well. M.E. Bradford especially learned from Davidson how the South's conservative political tradition could be defended and advanced. After all these years, Vanderbilt without Davidson or at least without the traditionalism he long championed doesn't make sense. Nowadays, Davidson's influence is likely to be found outside of academia. The leadership cadre in the League of the South is certainly one example. Those were Donald Davidson s spiritual heirs marching by the thousands in Columbia and Montgomery in early 2000. They, too, have a long, hard
road ahead of them. + + +
Works by Donald Davidson currently in print.
The Big Ballad Jamboree. Jackson: University of
Mississippi Press.
The Tennessee. Volume One: The Old River: Frontier to Secession. Volume Two: The New River: Civil War to ] TVA. Nashville: J.S. Sanders and Company.
The Fugitive Poets: Modem Southern Poetry in Perspective. (Edited by William Pratt. Includes poems by Davidson, Ransom, Tate, Warren, and others.) Nashville: J.S. Sanders and Company.
Regionalism and Nationalism in the United States: The Attack on Leviathan. New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction Publishers.
Singin * Billy: A Folk Opera. Columbia: The Foundation for American Education.
Mr Joe Scotchie is a regular contributor to SE
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
OUR DECLARATION OF PURPOSE:
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
To join send a written statement that you support the declaration of purpose, along with your name, address phone number, and dues to P O BOX 40910, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35404-0910 Regular Membership Dues:
$40 annually, $60 for husband and wife.
9 Southern Events
Late 2000
Southrons Must Be Anti-War
☆
by Paul D. Alexander (Continued from page one)
We have fought and bled loyally since 1898-yet how does the Yankee see us? Southrons are the most hated, vilified, ridiculed people in the country! We have been exploited long enough! From now on, we must fight only for ourselves.
We Southrons must no longer support any foreign war of the United States—declared or not. The United States-and the world-has changed much in the last century. Once, this was a federal republic that the rest of the world envied for its freedoms. But no more. Now, it is an empire, envied for its wealth and influence, hated for its interventionist foreign policy that borders on imperialism, and a target of angry foreign terrorists just waiting for an opportunity to strike a blow.
We Southrons should want no part of it. The time has come for us to declare that we will no longer fight for the land of the Yankees and the home of the scalawags.
I am aware that the course of action I urge is foreign to our inner being, but it is not just the right course, it is the only course. I offer the following reasons:
We cannot obey two masters. We can no longer divide our loyalties; either we are Southrons and loyal to our Dream of Independence and Liberty, or else we are eager, willing slaves of Leviathan, ready at any moment to go overseas and kill or be killed for the ‘glory’ of the flag and false ‘freedom’. There is no middle ground.
Are foreigners truly the South’s enemies, just because Washington DC says they are? When has an Iraqi, or a Cuban, or a Serb, ever harmed you? Not a one of them has ever harmed me, not even by simply existing; why, then, should I see them as ’enemies'just because the US government's official line is that they are? Leviathan's wars are not mine; neither are its enemies.
Is it really anti-American to be anti-war? This idea is rubbish. Being against war per se, or being against a particular war is, far from a useless and foolish mistake, actually as American as apple pie. Every war since 1783 has been opposed by a small, but often vocal-and occasionally violent-minority. Most people who profess being anti-war do so from a belief that all war is wrong, or from a belief that the particular war they are speaking out against is wrong, not because they're traitors. Many of the anti-Vietnam-War activists were motivated by genuine love for the United States and a feeling that being against the War was their duty as good Americans-they were not getting orders from Moscow,
or Beijing, or Hanoi (there are exceptions, of course-the current denizen of the White House, for one, was no doubt motivated solely by self-preservation).
Our motives must be pure. The only time we Southrons must fight under the US flag is if a foreign enemy actually invades; otherwise, we are ‘cannon fodder’ for rich Yankees and scalawags who exploit our patriotism.
In any future anti-war rallies and protests, the full array of Confederate Flags must be prominent. We must show the country and the whole world that we are no longer '110% Americans', but the distinct people we are, a people struggling for Independence and Liberty, who never want to be cannon fodder for Leviathan, ever again.
But we must not make the mistake of blaming the executors of policy for that policy. The anti-Vietnam-War movement lost its legitimacy when its members unfairly turned on the returning veterans, greeting them with curses and spit, calling them ‘baby-killers’, etc. The real villains are the makers of policy-the president, the national security adviser, the secretaries of State and Defense, the Congressional warmongers, the Joint Chiefs. They deserve to be the targets of brickbats and curses, not the unfortunate enlisted troops and junior officers who merely clean their rifles and fall in on parade obediently. We should look for allies and members among these groups, especially the enlisted troops; we won't find them if we are vilifying them unfairly. If the armies of the United States are being replenished by a reinstated draft, we must be anti-draft, and aid draft evaders in any way we can, especially Southrons (after all, they might be willing to fight for an independent South, but totally unwilling to go overseas and fight for Leviathan's greater ‘glory’).
As Tolstoy said, ‘[T]he greater the state, the more wrong and cruel its patriotism, and the greater is the sum of suffering upon which its power is founded. Therefore, if we really wish to be what we profess to be, we must not only cease our present desire for the growth of the state, but we must desire its decrease, its weakening, and help this forward with all our might.’
Nothing is dearer than Independence and Liberty.
‘All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest apd shortest means to accomplish it.’
— Alexis de Tocqueville, 1833
Life on the Modern Plantation
If ^
by Michael Peirce
I was driving home from the airport in the dark, after traveling to a funeral. I was certainly depressed enough but there was more, there always is. The pickup suddenly quit, dead as a mackerel, in heavy traffic on I-20 in Atlanta. It was raining. Life expectancy where I was sitting didn’t seem like something that would inspire confidence among insurance salesmen. Along came my guardian angel in the form of an independent tow truck driver who with no fuss or bother, negotiated a fair deal, and got me home safe and dry.
As I rode home with him in the tow track my eye went immediately to the Bible on his dash. He was black, and quite friendly. Having been married by a black pastor, I have rather an affinity for Christians of that persuasion and have long admired the exuberance of their worship. As we chatted, and got acquainted, Braxton asked me some loaded questions. ‘How many blacks in my church?’ Not many I replied, ‘How many whites in yours?* We both of course followed up with obligatory explanations of demographics. Then he popped the big one, ‘What do you think of Martin Luther King?* he asked.
That of course put me in the uncomfortable position of either responding as a racist, or being assumed to be one when I was not; a Hobson’s choice colored further by obligations of hospitality. I chose to respect this man enough to speak the truth. He was quite surprised and not exactly pleased at my terse response, ‘Not much,’ I replied.
Braxton asked me how I could not respect a man who had done so much for his people? I explained briefly that I have scant time for pastors who roll in the mud of politics, and don’t buy into the civil rights movement for a lot of reasons. Our journey continued in silence.
This is America in the 21* Century. Land of the Free and Home of the Brave. Where truth is reserved for only our closest friends. Where racism and homophobia are the only sins, and racism may consist of disagreeing with Jesse Jackson. Where we murder our own children and tolerate endless demonstrations of venality and cowardice in public office. Where lawyers can destroy your life over words that come out your mouth. Yet I chose to speak the truth and there is a reason for that It’s simple, like most things that are true; I m not a
racist.
If I were a racist. I’d teU this man what he wanted hear, because I d reckon his intellect was not sufficiently mature to bear the truth, and that he needed constant reinforcement of his self-esteem. I’d make any attempt to get him to like me, which in other contexts!* considered obnoxious. I’d overlook his shortcomings, because to me black people would be sort of like children, who depended upon me for all sorts of assistance, and could never make it on their own. In short, I’d act like a liberal.
There is scant comfort in the realisation that this contempt the politicians and media elite feel for blacks, extends to all of us. They refer to us as the dim-witted people of ‘Fly-Over.’ That’s the retro part of America one encounters when not in the imagined cultural centres of those Sodom-esque coastal cities where policy is formed and manipulated into popular opinion by slavish media hacks in thrall to the government they serve so
well.
Put in a historical perspective, the ruling class exploits black people in much the same way Mao exploited the | Chinese peasants, by declaring the ruling party to be the only spokesman for them, and determining the nature of the discourse that follows. Typically, and repeatedly in history, common sense and empirical data play no role
whatsoever.
To my black friend in the tow track one could address several tough questions. Is the black community in better shape since the advent of the civil rights movement? Was it worth it to lose the cohesive family structure that once characterized black neighborhoods? Does the fact that you live in fear of crime and have all your life, necessarily mean that is a given or has to be? Why is the black community still remarked upon at all, after all King’s blathering about colour blindness? And finally, and perhaps most importantly, why do you as a community vote for the left? Do you really think it is all right to take money from other people at the point of a gun for redistribution to others, including yourselves?
Your actions sir, suggest that you are living on a plantation that is far worse than the one your ancestors toiled on. Their blood cries out against you. They had no choice, and longed for freedom. You have a choice, and strike away the hand of the constitution and reach for the hand that offers you a pittance in the form of a bribe. Your ancestors died at Fort Wagner and Petersburg, some of them died fighting alongside my ancestors at Chickamauga, right along side Bedford Forest If you think you are free today, ask yourself why you never heard of that before. The truth is a necessary
11 Southern Events
Late 2000
concomitant of freedom - no one who believes a lie can claim to be free. That your ancestors were fighters should shame the cheap hoodlums of the gangs that roam your streets now, preying on the weak of their own neighborhoods. Your ancestors would have hung them precipitously.
Since black on white crime news is suppressed and the exceedingly rare white on black crime played for all it’s worth, can’t we draw a conclusion from that there are forces at work here that we better examine? That you better examine? A convenient lie is a lie non-the less. How bitterly we denounce the Germans for believing convenient lies. How comfortable it must have been for the majority of them, knowing that they were the protected ones, and if the Jews were getting, well, a ‘comeuppance’, then so what? The newspapers, after all, had told everyone how bad the Jews were and the press wouldn’t lie would they? Particularly not the government controlled press which had tight strictures and an inherent integrity associated with the rigid government control.
What is the racism that so upsets the media and the NAACP posers and all the other self elected ‘black leaders?’ It is actually taught in some of our colleges that racism is the natural state for white people, that we are cold and merciless. In the South, white hatreds have indeed burned against blacks, but it lingers not from slavery but from reconstruction, which was an action of the North, not the South. It is forgotten that slavery lingered far longer in the North, and that racism there remains to this day, despite their imagined crusade against it. But are whites actually nothing but a bunch of genetically programmed racists? Use your head and consider the matter. Clinton and Gore have made careers shouting about racism. If whites are inherently racist, then blacks are indeed, inherently stupid, because they listen to such men. Finally, since we are considering this syllogistically, if whites are inherently racist, why bother worrying about what they think? Why not ignore the whites and do as you once did in Washington DC, build better schools, do better work, create your own capital and laugh to scorn those who would marginalise you by claiming you can only advance with a paternalistic hand on your shoulder?
Why do you listen to Jesse Jackson and Martin Luther King, when you have Walter Williams and Thomas Sowell? Perhaps the answer is simply very human. Hard thinking, like hard work takes time. We are the generation of the sound bite. Freedom takes too much work.
We have in America a black middle class of
significant proportion, but it may be that actually we have two such middle classes. One is the middle class of achievement, and consists of engineers, managers and others in private commerce. The other segment, which is touted by the government as a victory for it’s own flawed policies, is a pseudo middle class, consisting actually of people who exist to oil the machinery of the government welfare system and who can not look inside themselves for any real sense of accomplishment. They are good people, many of them, but politically they are the equivalent of trustees in a prison system and contribute nothing to the good of society. What is worse, in towns like Atlanta, they are becoming a political entity in their own right, and all the cliches about democracy have come back to haunt us - one thinks of the masses voting themselves bread and circuses.
To American blacks who seek a government solution to real and imagined grievances, here is a lesson. Somebody may say that they love you, and want to help you be free, and will even give you money (not much, typically) extorted from others. They will come to your churches and sway with you to the tune of a Gospel song. Before you buy into that sort of thing, look to Africa. The words are sweet but the deeds reek of evil. The same politicians who bought your vote with sanctions on South Africa, are implicated in the horrors occurring there daily. When Zimbabwe starves, ask your selves and your leaders about that. Did feel good politics make a difference there? Will political correctness feed the starving children there? No, they will simply starve and that is that. You, the black Americans who failed to think it through, share the blame with the politicians who pander to you.
Mr Peirce fought with the Rhodesian freedom fighters (the lan Smith side, of course). He lives in Georgia, and writes a regular column for LewRockwell.com
Southern Events
The Unreconstructed Journal
For a one year subscription mail $15 cheque or money order to SOUTHERN EVENTS,
PO BOX 2517,
SELMA, ALABAMA 36702-2517
12 Southern Events
Late 2000
The Origins of American Voter Fraud
IP ^
by Thomas DiLorenzo (Continued from page one)
The massive vote fraud that took place during the War between the States and for the ensuing 12 years of ‘Reconstruction’ provides an abject lesson in tyranny that has ominous implications for US taxpayers.
There are news reports that during the 2000 presidential election cycle many absentee ballots never made it to military personnel overseas, while many of those returned to the state of Florida were thrown out because of minor technicalities (like absence of a postage stamp). During the War between the States Lincoln was known to instruct his military commanders to furlough registered Republicans while keeping Democrats (and any others) in the field, where they could not vote. In border states like Maryland, where there was powerful opposition to the war, federal soldiers flooded the cities on election days and were instructed to vote, even though they were not residents of those states.
Federal soldiers also intimidated voters into voting Republican by menacing them at the polls. As Lincoln biographer David Donald has written, ‘Under the protection of Federal bayonets, New York went Republican by seven thousand votes’ in 1864.
The Republican Congress even created three new states - Kansas, West Virginia, and Nevada - to help rig the 1864 election in favour of Lincoln, so concerned were they over pervasive antiwar sentiment and massive desertions from the federal army.
During ‘Reconstruction’ (1865-1877) the Republican party held a monopoly of power that was so complete, historian Richard Bensel observed in Yankee Leviathan, that the closest parallels to that situation are ‘the PR1 in Mexico, the Congress Party in India, and the Bolsheviks in the early years of the Soviet Union.’
One reason the Republican party was able to hold onto this monopolistic power is that it blackmailed the ten southern states that opposed the Fourteenth Amendment (Tennessee voted in favour of it) into passing the Amendment by denying them congressional representation until they acquiesced. In doing so the Northern states effectively seceded from the union, a union which Lincoln never recognized as having been broken.
Almost all Southern males were disenfranchised while virtually all of the male ex-slaves were registered to vote (Republican). No Southern male could vote who participated in the war effort in any way, including contributing food or clothing to the Confederate army. Voter registration required one to publicly proclaim that one was on the side of the federal armies during the war, something that no sane southerner who valued his life would do.
The result was that by 1868, ten of the fourteen southern U.S. Senators, twenty of the thirty-five representatives, and four of the seven elected governors were Northern Republicans who had never met any of their constituents until after the war. Any local officials who did not strictly bey Republican Party dictates were purged from office by the military and replaced with Republican party hacks who were supported by the occupation forces of the U.S. military.
With a political monopoly gained through voter fraud and military force, the Republican party plundered the South for over a decade. Since property owners were disenfranchised, the puppet governments were able to enact tax increase after tax increase, ostensibly to build railroads, canals, and roads, very few of which were actually built. Most of the money was simply stolen by Republican Party hacks and the scheming businessmen who supported them. The Republican Party began as the party of corporate welfare and has changed very little in the past 150 years.
Even though the South was economically devastated, the Republican Party imposed onerous property taxes that allowed party ‘officials’ to step in and confiscate the property for unpaid taxes. At one point 20 percent of the entire state of Mississippi was for sale. By 1872 property taxes in the South were four times higher than they were in 1860. They were thirty times higher in South Carolina, where the secession movement began. Much of this money was stolen by tax collectors and never made it into state treasuries.
A punitive five cents-per-pound federal tax was also placed on cotton, which forced many Southern farmers to sell out to government tax authorities. Treasury agents confiscated most of this revenue for their own bank accounts according to a report by Sherrard Clemens, an investigator hired by President Andrew Johnson, as described in The Documentary History of Reconstruction.
Henry Clay Warmoth, the Reconstruction governor of Louisiana, ‘accumulated’ over $1 million in wealth in just four years on his $8,000 per year salary, a financial
13	Southern Events
Late 2000
feat comparable to Hillary Clinton’s cattle futures trading prowess.
The lesson to be learned from these historical incidents is that any political party that is brazen enough to steal a presidential election through voter fraud is also likely to be brazen (and powerful) enough to plunder the citizens under its rule, endanger their lives, and treat them like serfs.
Dr Thomas DiLorenzo is a professor of economcs in the Sellinger School of Business and Management at Loyola College in Baltimore and a member of the League of the South.
Heroic Confederate Women
by Hobart Aisquith.
Taken from Confederate Veteran, 28 Feb 1928
I think it was in the winter of 1864 that our regiment, the 1st Maryland Cavalry, CSA, was ordered to saddle up and go as quickly as possible to the relief of General William C. Wickham’s brigade, which was driven back by a superior force of the enemy. When we arrived... he had been driven back immediately in front of his own house, and his mother, with her two beautiful granddaughters was standing on the front porch, and we, being between the enemy and his house, the balls were spattering uncomfortably thickly around those three ladies. Colonel Dorsey, of our regiment, asked me to ride over to General Wickham and ask him to send us a regiment, as we badly needed support. General Wickham told me that we would have to do the best we could as he didn’t have men enough for himself, but ‘ride down to the house and tell my mother and the young ladies that I commanded them to go into the house.’ Mrs. Wickham drew herself up as only a Virginia woman of those days could and said to me: ‘Go and tell General Wickham that he may command the men of the South, but he does not command the women of the South, and we will stand here and die with you until you whip those Yankees. Go and do it.’ I wheeled my horse and, without going to General Wickham, rode down to my own regiment, and said: ‘Boys, Mrs. Wickham says that she and the girls will stand there and die unless we whip the Yankees. Let's do it.’ The regiment charged and Wickham's brigade also charged with us, and I think we ran those Yankees for five miles.
‘People separated from their history are easily persuaded.’ - Karl Marx, 1863
Nazis? Not Hardly
Debunking South-Haters
ft
by Michael C. Tuggle
You've seen the accusations. Every time there's a debate on the Confederate Battleflag, someone compares it to the Nazi flag. Typical of such comments is this one from a letter to the Charlotte Observer:
‘The Stars and Bars [sic] represents the same thing to African-Americans as the Nazi swastika represents to Jews. Why should a people be subjected to a painful reminder of a time when they were systematically victimized, to be sold like cattle, starved, beaten, and murdered just because of their race?’
And so on.
Another round of Confederate flag bashing was unleashed after the election in Austria of a candidate said to have neo-Nazi ties. Editorial cartoonists around the US showed the Confederate flag flying over Vienna, while others penned the Nazi flag over Columbia.
The truth is, when you compare the underlying ideas of the Confederate and the Nazi governments, it's clear that such comparisons have no basis in fact. Further, if you take the next step and compare the Union and Nazi causes, some troubling (or amusing, depending on your point of view) parallels emerge.
First, what was Nazism? The Nazis created a centralised, authoritarian government based on nationalist and socialist principles which reject traditionalism and celebrate man’s sovereignty. Nazis, like Communists, believed in the centralised power of the state as an instrument for creating a better world. The state was supreme, an expression of the ‘people’s will.’ Hitler perverted the normal affection for one’s own countrymen into a materialistic creed of racial superiority. An alliance of state power and big business kept the masses busy with rallies that transformed men into machines. When Hitler promised that he would ‘teach Germans how to think,’ he meant that they would learn to act logically rather than being constrained by traditional morality or compassion. The old order, according to the Nazis, was based on a ‘slave morality’ that encouraged compassion and forgiveness, obvious signs of weakness to the Nazi mind. Nazi racial theories were based on ‘survival of the fittest’ ideas of progress, with superior races eventually coming to dominate inferior races. Thus, in the Nazi view, the all-powerful state should promote the growth of the superior race, and discourage the growth of inferiors.
14	Southern Events
Late 2000
Compare Nazism to the Southern Cause. Our Confederate forefathers were secessionists who wanted only to be left alone to preserve the traditional order, an order based on Christian principles and limited government. What use would Hitler have had for a Confederate constitution that limited the president to a single six-year term? States Rights, which seeks to disperse political power as a counterweight to the central government is based on the idea that fallen man simply cannot be trusted to wield concentrated power.
The status of Jews in the South would also displease Herr Hitler. Judah P. Benjamin served in the Confederate cabinet. David Yulee of Florida was the first Jew to be elected to the US Senate. After the war, former North Carolina governor Zebulon Vance toured the US making a speech entitled ‘The Scattered Nation,’ which argued for tolerance of Jews.
On the other hand, more parallels quickly come to mind when comparing the North to the Nazis. Like the Nazis, the Radical Republicans represented an alliance of Big Business and Big Government. Hitler’s first political speech was a blistering attack on a professor who'd advocated that the state of Bavaria secede from Germany. Like Lincoln, Hitler believed national glory justified mass slaughter, as well as the illegal imprisonment of dissenters. When the South peacefully seceded, Lincoln, leader of the party of nationalist expansion through Federal subsidies of Big Business, instead embarked on an unconstitutional campaign to hold and subjugate the agrarian South by any means.
Many Native Americans, aware they stood in the way of North’s dreams of nationalistic glory, allied with the Confederacy. Cherokee General Stand Watie was the last Confederate commander to surrender. The Union’s subsequent genocide against Native Americans included the distribution of smallpox-infected blankets on reservations. General Phil Sheridan, who declared the only good Indians he’d ever seen were dead, used the same techniques of warfare against Indian women and children he had perfected against civilian Southerners. But despite Sheridan’s and Sherman’s war crimes, Robert E. Lee refused to retaliate against Northern civilians. The North, like the Nazis, pursued a brutal policy of military aggression to pursue its ends.
And what of Grant’s Gen. Order number 11, which expelled all Jews from his theatre of operations? This order, issued in late 1862, was backed up by Assistant Secretary of War Wolcott, who approved such action against ‘Jews and other unprincipled traders.’
Such actions cannot be easily dismissed as accidents of war. When two parties undertake similar actions, it's critical whether they base those actions on shared
underlying ideas. After the North brought its version of progress and enlightenment to the South, it then eradicated the Indians in the name of progress as well. Subsequent US campaigns against the Philippines took nearly a quarter million lives.
The legacy of Northern ‘progress’ continued to manifest itself in subsequent social policy in Northern states. On 13 August, 1999, National Public Radio reviewed Nancy Gallagher's book Breeding Better Vermonters: The Eugenics Project in the Green Mountain State. Gallagher has documented the eugenics programs of the 20's and 30's, which she clearly identifies as being based on ‘the legacy of progressive era reforms.’ While Southerners rejected notions of the perfectibility of man, many Northern states implemented social policy based on just such notions. One of the groups targeted by the Vermont Eugenics program were the Abenaki Indians, who were deemed undesirable because of their traditional lifestyle of hunting and living off the land. Sterilization and reeducation were used to limit the numbers of the Abenaki and other so-called ‘undesirables.’ It's interesting to note that California conducted a similar eugenics program.
So, which side, North or South, has the most ‘links’ to the Nazi movement? Some of those links are fairly direct. The Reich Youth Leader in the Nazi administration was Baldur von Schirach, whose greatgrandfather was a Union officer who fought at Manassas. Baldur told his captors at Nurembuig that he began to despise Jews at the age of 17 after reading Henry Ford’s Eternal Jew.
Finally, there was George Lincoln Rockwell, the American Nazi Party leader from Illinois. He expressed his disappointment at his reception in Dixie:
‘I had never penetrated the really “deep” South, for what reasons I am still not sure. I have had few invitations from South of Virginia - and all of them have been cancelled. Around the rest of the country, this year has been one of immense gratification to me, speaking from Harvard and Brown in New England, across the nation through Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan, Iowa, North Dakota, Minnesota, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, California - just about everywhere EXCEPT the “deep South”.*
Poor Mr Rockwell. Taking Northern propaganda about racist Southerners at face value, he did not expect to be booed off the stage in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. After his disappointing debut in the South, he scurried back to the more favourable climes of the North.
Good riddance.
Mr Mike Tuggle is a regular contributor to SE
15	Southern Events
Late 2000
The Juridical Doctrine of
Secession as an Inherent
Right of Sovereign States
☆
by Tommy W. Rogers
An Experiment. Not a Devolution The antebellum Southerner’s belief that secession embodied the great principle of self-government redacted by Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence, and that the Southern States had a clear moral and legal right to form an independent nation, was given representative expression by President Davis in his inaugural addresses February 18, 1861 at Montgomery, and February 22, 1862 at Richmond. As Davis stated in his farewell address to the Mississippi legislature (1884), the Southern cause was an ‘effort to maintain the sovereignty, freedom and independence which was their inalienable birthright.’1 As summarized by Sen. John W. Daniel in address before the Virginia legislature (1890), the right of secession
‘... had never been denied until recent years, had been preached upon the hustings, enunciated in political platforms, proclaimed in the Senate_in the House of Representatives, embodied in our literature, taught in schools and colleges, interwoven with the texts or jurisprudence, and maintained by the scholars, statesmen and constituencies of all States and sections of the country ... Tucker had so taught in his commentaries on Blackstone ... Francis Rawle, the eminent lawyer whom Washington had asked to be Attorney-General, writing on the constitution in Philadelphia; and so DeTocqueville ...’
Understanding of the Constitution By Those Who Made It
Henry Cabot Lodge, in his Life of Daniel Webster, recognized that ‘[w]hen the Constitution was adopted by the States... it is safe to say that there was not a man ... from Washington and Hamilton ... to George Clinton and George Mason ... who regarded the new system as anything but an experiment entered upon by the States and from which each and every State had a right to peaceably withdraw, a right which was very likely to be exercised. When the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions appeared they were not opposed on constitutional
grounds, but on those of expediency ...’
Woodrow Wilson has observed that the understanding that the federal government was merely an emanation of the sovereignty of the States, and that the States were sovereign and independent bodies on attaining independence, ‘was a doctrine accepted almost without question, even by the courts, for quite thirty years after formation of the government. "Even those public men who loved the Union most, yielded theoretical assent that a State might legally withdraw from the government at her own option, and had only practical and patriotic objections to urge. Every State or group of States which had a grievance against the national government bethought itself of its right to secede.’2 As stated at the time by Dr Albert Taylor Bledsoe, along ‘[w]ith Hamilton and Madison, and Morris, and other celebrated men, who framed the Constitution of 1787, the South has always insisted that it was a compact between the States of the Union ... and always have denied that the people of America from one sovereign State or nation, but only a Federal Union of States, by the compact of the Constitution.’3 What Hamilton actually wanted was a monarchial system even to the point of national appointment of the governors of the States, which would have effectively reduced them to provinces. However Hamilton was so ardent to obtain whatever nationalization he could get, that when he sought to counter the arguments of the antifederalists that the new system was one of consolidation, he utilized the federalist papers to ardently argue that the proposed government was the opposite of what he actually desired. 4
_Whigs largely rejected the concept of the Federal Government as a compact and widely equated talk of secession with ‘revolution’. Even though the federalists may have preferred to have erected a national government as opposed to a republic of republics, these efforts were soundly defeated in the Philadelphia Convention and the proponents of nationalism were put to arguing that the proposed Constitution was an agreement among independent cooperating political sovereignties in order to get it past the objections of the people of the political communities who, having come through one armed revolution against the claims of an aggregate government, did not wish to substitute an indigenous imperial central government in its place.5
Dr Bledsoe’s View of Alexander Hamilton It was Bledsoe's view that the Hamilton of tradition (‘as grand and pure as Aristides’) and the Hamilton of history (‘as grasping and politic as Themistocles’)
16	Southern Events
illustrates how truth diverges from the mythical imagination of poets and rhetoricians. Although Bledsoe continued to regard Hamilton as ‘the master mind of that Assembly of Law Givers’ at Philadelphia, once public had been sold on the Constitution largely through the persuasive representations of Hamilton, then Hamilton sought to realize the omnipotent government he was unable to obtain through legislation by putting it in the hands of a sectional majority ‘money power’.
Hamilton is assessed as perhaps the only outspoken member of a monarchical party ‘who, having survived the storm of the Revolution, found a seat in the great a convention of 1787.’ He, quite wisely, had no faith in a democratic republic; would have annihilated the States as political sovereigns to the extent practically possible and would ‘have erected over the whole people of America one government in imitation of the British Monarchy;’ and had prophetic insight as to the eventual consequence of the capacity of the consolidated sovereignty to override the paper checks and balances of the Constitution.
Hamilton’s described the proposed Constitution to Gouvemeur Morris as a ‘frail and worthless fabric,’ but, it was, in Hamilton’s words, ‘better than nothing’. While Hamilton’s centralist views did not receive a favourable reception in the Federal Convention, Hamilton, a monarchist at heart, but a democrat before the people, became the most effective advocate of the new Constitution. Bledsoe grants that Hamilton doubtless intended to deceive the people for their own good, deceive them he did with purposed intent as political manager and advocate for a system in which he had no confidence and whose republican features he despised.
Hamilton controverted the wisdom of Montesquieu by having him applaud what he repudiated, and repudiate what he applauded; he promulgated a false notion of the ‘spectacle’ of a nation without a government based on ‘as sheer a fiction as ever entered into the mind of man,’ a fiction which ‘was flatly contradicted by the Articles of Union’; he imputed a motivation of petty ambition to those who opposed adoption of the proposed Constitution, while his own ambition propelled him to excel all others in advocacy of its adoption; and, once adopted, he sought to transform the despised Constitution of 1787 as it came from the hands of its authors into something better and different.
Jefferson, in contrast to Hamilton, despised the monarchy of England, and adored democracy. Hamilton was right in his conviction that an adequate government
Late 2000
is necessary, ‘[b]ut although this principle is applicable to each State or nation, it is a fatal blunder to apply it to a federal union of States...’ Jefferson, on the other hand, was wrong in ‘... supposing that mankind needed little or no government at all, but might be safely left to themselves. But, this principle, though utterly false in general, happened to be right in its application to an association of sovereign States.’ In extension to the Union of States, Bledsoe asserts, the democrats were right, and the federalists were wrong.
Hamilton was the admitted idol of Bledsoe’s youth and early manhood. ‘For many years, or before we investigated the subject, we agreed with the friends of Hamilton in regarding him as the embodiment of truth, generosity, and frankness.’ Realization that Hamilton had resorted to dishonourable means to accomplish his designs was described by Bledsoe as ‘a painful one; for we had long delighted to cherish the conviction that Alexander Hamilton was “the very souls of honour”, and that his means were always as pure as his designs were patriotic.’ Self-discovery of the true Hamilton came through study of the record of Hamilton’s life and labours.
In maturity Bledsoe came to pointedly reject the historiography which posits the two contrasting schools of State Righters, who interpreted the Constitution as a compact of acceding States, as against the federalists who supposedly interpreted the Constitution as the indissoluble ordination of the American nation in the aggregate. While the distinction is correct as to differing perspectives on the desirability of consolidation, Bledsoe held that even the most ardent nationalists of the founding generation of the Constitution recognized the Constitution to be a cooperative compact among politically sovereign and voluntarily consenting States.
The "Money Power" as the Leading Element of the Consolidation Party
It was the policy of the consolidationists, and of their great leader Hamilton, to get control of the United States by the policy set forth in his ‘Report on Manufactures’. The consolidationists ‘relied on the interest of [monopoly] capital, and money-brokers of all kinds, by ministering to their gain, to enable it to overthrow the Constitution, and consolidate the government.’
Money naturally seeks power to support it. Accordingly, rule of the government by a sectional or interested majority, has been its aim since the foundation of the government. This was the policy of their great leader and founder, Alexander Hamilton. Hamilton
17	Southern Events
Late 2000
allegedly recognized that the limitations supposedly set by the Constitution could be virtually abrogated by a construction that would make the government of the United States virtually limitless by a limitless power of appropriating money. As for more immediate events, ‘[t]he consolidationists wanted war, for war ... would bring boundless imposts to enrich the “money power” in manufacturer.’ The policy said to suit the ‘“money power” of the North’ was ‘War!,Debt! Taxes!’
Bledsoe's View of Madison Madison, like Hamilton, sought to engraft an extreme nationalism onto the Constitution, but, in contrast to Hamilton, when he failed, Madison took the Constitution as it was and fulfilled his obligation to support it. In Madison's words, it became Hamilton's ‘purpose and endeavor to administration the government into a thing totally different from that which he and I both knew perfectly well had been understood and intended by the convention which framed it.’6
The Great Overarching Question of the War Republics may agree with other republics to divide the exercise of civil sovereignty according to a covenantal compact by bifurcated distribution, it can be argued that the essence of civil sovereignty cannot be divided among competing sovereigns since one or the other would be dependent and would be exercising attributes of sovereignty by tolerance. The fundamental repository of sovereignty, according to the American doctrine, ultimately belongs to the people of political communities as an inalienable attribute inherent in civil sovereignty itself. This question, not the typically promoted by largely mythological claim that the American ‘Civil War’ was due to the efforts of Lincoln and the Black Republicans to provide social or political equality to Southern slaves as an unrealized germination from the Declaration of Independence or of the Constitution, as representatively illustrated in the claim that "the prime cause was our inability, through established government power, to limit slavery’.7 Such was the pivotal issue on which Lincoln and Jacobin Party were willing to wash the nation in blood, and the Southern yeomanry minority were willing to take up arms in defense of organic liberty. Poliak, in his history of the US Supreme Court, is exactly right that the result of the War was the death of the Constitution as it had been. 8
Impact of the Anglo Saxon Tradition of Constitution-
alism on the Ante-Bellum South The members of the Convention that met in the Senate Chamber of the Alabama legislature February 4,1861 to frame a constitution for the Confederacy regarded themselves not only as the heirs of the 1776 revolution, but also as heirs of the 1787 delegates, ‘vindicating a constitutional heritage corrupted by constructions and applications that siphoned powers from the States to a central government.’ Stephen D. Lee, suggesting that the future historian would note with astonishment that the Southern struggle for independence began, not with committees of public safety, with the declarations of the rights of men, ...but it began with public statutes, general elections, and constitutional conventions.’9 Lee adds that President Davis ‘himself rested, in his inaugural, the case of the new nation ... not upon revolution, but upon legal right,’ in his remarks that ‘[t]he rights solemnly proclaimed at the birth of the States which have been affirmed and reaffirmed, in the bills of rights of States subsequently admitted to the Union of 1789, invariable recognized in the people, the power to resume the authority delegated her for the purpose of government. Thus the sovereign States here represented, proceeded to form this Confederacy, and it is by abuse of language that their act has been denominated a revolution.’
The South learned its constitutional law from Jefferson, Madison and Calhoun; not fromHamilton and Marshall. They considered secession as a constitutional remedy in 1861. They believed a separate confederacy with their constitutional rights retained better than a union with these rights trampled upon and ignored...’.10 It was the Southerner's peculiar identification with their States (by the dynamic which Madison described in the Federalist (Nos. 44-46) which brought outspoken Union men such as Alexander Stephens and numerous other initial opponents of secession (Robert £. Lee and Jefferson Davis among that numerous congregation who were the stanchions of Southern civic life).
It is little wonder then that the resolutions and ordinances of secession in the Southern States are remnant of the Declaration of Independence except that, as the ordinance in Mississippi read, the people had become aggrieved of the federal government's ‘violation of the compact of the Union... destructive of the ends of which it was ordained... in defiance of the principles of Union thus established, the people of the Northern States have assumed a Revolutionary position toward the Southern States.’11 If sovereignty is inherit and inalienable, then ‘the people of this generation are sovereign as well as the
18	Southern Events
Late 2000
people of that generations ... The people of Virginia, then, in the year 1788, did, and could not, absorb and monopolize the sovereignty of all subsequent generations, so as to deprive them of its exercise... The living as well as the dead are sovereign ... The whole American doctrine of sovereignty of the people is false, or else it must be asserted for the living as well as for the dead; and is the doctrine by which the right of secession should be tried.’12
1	Davis, speeches are readily available in numerous sources, including J. William Jones, The Davis Memorial Volume; Or Our Dead President, Jefferson Davis, and the World's Tribute to His Memory (B. F. Johnson & Co., 1889. Reprinted by Sprinkle Publications, P.O.Box 1094, Harrisonburg, Va., 1993), pp. 299-306, 317-334, and 450-51, respectively. Cf.: Thomas R. Martin, The Great Parliamentary Battles and Farewell Addresses of the Southern Senators on the Eve of the Civil War (New York: Neale Pub. Co., 1905); Melvin Bradford, ‘A Long Farewell: The Southern Valedictories of 1860-1861,’ Southern Partisan, Vol. Vm, No. 4 (1989); So Good A Cause, 20-28; Sheldon Vanauken, ‘Why the South Fought,’ Southern Partisan, Vol. IV, No. 2 (1984), Id., 115-119; W. R. Hammon, ‘Was the Confederate Soldier A Rebel?,’ Southern Historical Society Papers, 37 (1910), 247-250.
2	Woodrow Wilson, Division and Re-Union 1829-
1918 (Longsman, Green and Co., 1923), 46.
3	A. T. Bledsoe, "Brownson's American Republic,"
Southern Review, Vol. 4, No. 8 (Oct., 1868), 424-426.
4	K. Stamp, "The Concept of a Perpetual Union," A Nation of States (New York: GArland, 1989), 491-492.'
5Albert Taylor Bledsoe, Is Davis a Traitor, 7ff.
6 Albert Taylor Bledsoe, ‘Political Parties in the United States,’ Southern Review (October, 1971), 775-812.
7L. Poliak, "Introduction," L. Friedman and F. Israel (eds.). The Lives and Major Opinions of the Justices of the United States Supreme Court 1789-1969, Vol. 1 (New York: R. Broward, 1969).
8	id., x.
9	Stephen D. Lee, ‘The Laying of the Cornerstone of the Monument to President Jefferson Davis,’ Southern Historical Society Papers, Vol. XXTV (1896), 369. ‘Cornerstone,’; M.B. Holified, ‘The Secession of the Southern States Did Not Constitute a Rebellion or an Insurrection Against the United States Because They
Legally Exercised Their Reserved Powers,’ Alabama Lawyer, Vol. 16 (Jan., 1955), 88.
10	Lee, "Cornerstone," 369. James M. Bulrnan, It Is Their Right: The Declaration of Independence and What Has Followed (Greensboro, N.C.: Gateway Publications, 1975) provides an insightful discussion of the ideas culminating in the Declaration of Independence and continued in the Constitution of the United States and as maintained by Davis rather than Lincoln.
11	J. K. Betters worth (ed.), Mississippi in the Confederacy as They Saw It (Baton Rouge: LSU Press, 1965), 22-24.
12	Albert Taylor Bledsoe, Is Davis a Traitor?, 135.
Mr Tommy Rogers is a Jackson, Mississippi attorney. He is formerly of the sociology faculty of Northwestern State University of Louisiana and of Georgia Southern University, and is a founding member of the League of the South
‘I did not believe our people would ever take up arms against each other. In those days Virginia boys read The Federalist and all the debates of the framers of our Constitution. I had no more doubt of the right of a State to secede than I had of the catechism.’
- Henry Kyd Douglas from his book,
I Rode With Stonewall
Where grits are considered standard breakfast fare This chart from cultural geographer Richard Pillsbury depicts the ‘Grits Line’ extending around Gainesville, Florida west to parts of Texas and north into Virginia.
19	Southern Events
Late 2000
Good Ole Boys,
Not Robber Barons
by EdZeman
The strength of the free market is that it encourages and maintains widespread property ownership, contrary to the Marxist prediction of ever-increasing concentration of the same. Property ownership results in a society of independent men beholden to no one.
There are only two ways people may acquire goods: by economic means and by political means. Goods are acquired economically through voluntary transactions, mainly through exchanges between two property owners, but also by gifts. Every transaction occurs when a producer considers the action in his best interest. This is why people are independent in a free society. As long as they do not violate the property of others, no one may dictate their actions because they control their own source of livelihood.
Goods acquired by political means are acquired by force. Many men desire to obtain goods without effort on their part. If they do this on their own they are called criminals. If they do it under the aegis of government they are called politicians, statesmen, lawyers, smart businessmen. A true free market society does not legitimise political means of acquiring goods.
It takes an entirely different type of person to succeed economically rather than politically. All government transactions are based on force and uniformity. Since force is the coin of the realm of a government-dominated society, those who succeed are those most adept at using force, the most ruthless. Politicians are not the only men whose forte is force. Successful big businessmen—the Rockefellers, the Ted Turners, the Donald Trumps—in a socialist society like ours are really shakedown artists. Their success is due to protecting themselves from customer demand and eliminating real or potential competitors through government legislation. They have been mistakenly identified as the ‘elite’ of the economy.
In a free-market society the greatest asset any business can have is reputation. The successful attainment and maintenance of a reputation makes government regulatory oversight superfluous. Businessmen in a free market would have to achieve higher standards of excellence because without a government protecting them, consumers would be much more sceptical of newly-formed businesses than they are today. In
addition to consumer skepticism and demand, there would be agencies who, for a fee, would guarantee the quality of a product, just as UL does today. One can trust UL in a way one could never trust a regulatory bureaucrat or a politician. This is because the very existence of a market oversight firm is based on impeccable integrity. It could never, as the FDA did, overlook unfavourable test results from Monsanto’s hormone for dairy cattle which was supposed to result in increased milk production with no harm to humans.
The businessman in a free market would be far superior to today’s businessman because he would be solely concerned with satisfying customers and would have to honestly outcompete his rivals. Consumers would also benefit through a huge increase in diversity. There would be no mandated industry-wide minimum which quickly turn into maximums, no mandated standardization, and once again there would actually be regional variety as large corporations couldn’t use government to force nationwide standards for the convenience of selling the same product nationwide in the face of regional variations.
People benefit from the difference in predominant personalities in a free market as opposed to a governmental society because non-productive members are kept to a minimum. It is not only government employees who are parasites to the productive workers but also their auxiliary counterparts in the private sector. There would be a fraction of today’s lawyers, accountants, professors and no standing army. Not only would the parasites be weeded out but people would be productive their entire lives. The twin myths that one’s youth should be dedicated only to formal education, and that one should cease working at an arbitrary age and retire, would be swept aside. Since most would be partly or wholly supported by their property, work would become meaningful. Today it is a distasteful chore because Americans are proletarians wholly dependent on others for everything. It is akin to the difference between raising one’s own children and managing a business watching other children.
All of the incentives in a true free market system move businessmen toward being ‘good ole boys’ rather than robber barons, and encourage the pursuit of economic goals rather than political goals.
Mr Ed Zeman lives on the land in Auburn, Alabama
‘We make men without chests and expect of them virtue and enterprise. We laugh at honour and are shocked to find traitors in our midst. We castrate and then bid the geldings to be fruitful.’ — C. S. Lewis
20	Southern Events
A Tale of Two ’’Hate Crimes" in South Carolina
ip:	ft
by Steven Yates (Continued from page 1)
In November there were two so-called ‘hate crimes’ here in South Carolina. Though I reject the category ‘hate crime* on principle, let’s look at the facts.
Incident (1): Late last week, someone scrawled racial epithets and vague threats at the entrance to the Spring Hill A.M.E. Church, a black church near Lexington, a town in suburban Columbia. The crime was reported to police Friday, 1 December. Although police are investigating, nothing else has happened. No one has otherwise bothered the church or its members for more than a hundred years.
Incident (2): A couple of weeks earlier, on November 16, as Sons of Confederate Veterans member Phares W. ‘Bill’ Calliham, 59, drove toward his home in northeast Columbia from a SCV meeting, a car fell in behind him. The other driver followed him through the twists and turns of his neighborhood, driving with high beams on. When Mr Calliham arrived home, the person blocked his driveway. By this time, Mr Calliham had emerged from his truck. Alarm bells hadn’t gone off in his head yet. He thought the driver might have gotten lost and was seeking directions.
Instead, the man demanded that Mr Calliham remove his glasses. Before Mr Calliham could respond, the other punched him, knocking his glasses to the ground. He was then subject to a severe beating, mostly around his head and face. The attacker fled when Mrs Calliham mshed out of the house to aid her husband, who lay in his driveway bleeding profusely and barely conscious. Mr Calliham had to go to the emergency room, where he learned that he had suffered a mild concussion.
Mr Calliham reported to police that his attacker was a black male who seemed to be in his mid-30s. The man was well dressed, with a tweed jacket, brown trousers and dress shoes. The car, he was sure, was an expensive-looking black BMW with chrome wheels and four headlights. Mr Calliham told police he didn’t think he’d ever seen the man or the car before.
The black man, though, had seen what was on the back of Mr Calliham’s truck: a Sons of Confederate Veterans South Carolina specialty license plate, which features a version of the Confederate Battle Flag. This specialty plate, I hardly need point out, is legal in South Carolina. Mr Calliham had broken no laws. This did not prevent him from becoming the victim of an
Late 2000
unprovoked assault on his own property by a total stranger.
The Sons of Confederate Veterans, moreover, is hardly an organisation of "extremists," despite a recent effort by the rich and leftist Southern Poverty Law Center to tar all groups associated with the Confederacy or using Confederate symbols. It is a 104-year-old civic organisation whose members are proud of their ancestors who fought and died for a cause they believed in. Those I have met or interacted with over the Internet from time to time are Christians and gentlemen.
Now here is the first twenty-dollar question. Which of the above two crimes do you think was reported in Columbia’s city newspaper, The State? Which one was featured in segment on local television networks?
Of course. You’re not stupid. Anyone who has followed the spread of political correctness and its immediate offspring, mistrust of all things white and an especially blistering hatred reserved for all things Southern, knows it was not the second. Probably you didn’t have to do much homework, such as a search of the newspaper’s website, to figure that out, either. But consider this implications. An act of mere vandalism in which no one was hurt and property damage was minimal is classified as a hate crime and therefore considered newsworthy. A man whose truck bears a Confederate emblem is beaten into nearunconsciousness on his own property, and the official classification is aggravated assault: a routine matter police are treating as an example of ‘road rage,’ and not newsworthy. (Normally, however, even cases of genuine road rage get better coverage than this if someone is injured or worse.)
This is the intellectual dishonesty of our present moment. I call it dishonest, because all the standard media outlets were duly informed of the incident. The State’s editorial board knows of the assault on Mr Calliham. At least one reporter at the newspaper knows the details and was seeking more information. How do I know this? Because the State editorial board email address was on an email that was also sent to me. To date, no story has been published. The reporter told me in response to an email that changing the classification of the crime from hate crime to aggravated assault resulted in the story’s being killed.
The Sons of Confederate Veterans has issued its own press release. The police themselves initially described the incident as a hate crime. The initial email I received contained a letter to Janet Reno from Roger W. McCredie, SCV Chief of Heritage Defense, calling for the incident to be classified ‘as a federal hate crime
21	Southern Events
within the accepted definition as such.’
Can we say for sure that the attack on Mr Calliham can be classified as a hate crime (again, assuming we want that category in our criminological bestiary)? Of course, getting inside the head of someone who hasn’t yet been caught is fraught with hazards. But let’s employ some good old fashioned, common horse sense. Why else would a total stranger, who just happens to be black and living in a place where the NAACP and other leftist groups have demonized everyone displaying Confederate symbols, follow a man whose truck just happens to bear such a symbol and then assault him?
As McCredie writes in the above-mentioned letter, "It is reasonable to conclude that this totally unprovoked attack on a peaceful and law-abiding citizen on his own property was connected with his Sons of Confederate Veterans license plate. Clearly Mr Calliham was injured and his civil rights grossly violated because his vehicle displays an official South Carolina license plate which bears the logo of a nationally recognized, 104-year old civic organisation of which he is a proud member."
Moreover, we know good and well what would have happened if the races had been reversed. Other things being equal, the assault would have been headline material. Federal authorities and pundits would have descended on Columbia like a swarm of vultures. Local and national media would still be cramming the case down our throats this time next year.
Thus far, for this particular black-on-white assault, complete silence from all dominant local media. I have to admit, cynic that I am about such matters, that I am not holding my breath waiting for this to change. The Justice Department has not replied to McCredie’s letter as of this writing. I doubt that the Attorney General will touch this case. McCredie is about to issue a general call to the SCV membership to flood Janet Reno’s office with email, faxes and phone calls demanding a response. His campaign may include demonstrations at The State and local television stations to expose the blackout on the case by the local media.
Last year’s assault on North Charleston resident Troy Knapp by a gang of black teenagers was at least local news, as have been other deadly assaults on whites by blacks around the South during the past few year. Knapp, the last I heard, had suffered permanent brain damage from severe head injuries and still languishes in a coma. Apparently, we have now reached the point where such crimes are not to be reported by major media outlets at all. Such a policy might be described as media manipulation of public opinion by silence.
Late 2000
What the public doesn’t hear about, might as well not have happened, and this serves the purposes of further advancing the multiple agendas of political correctness. Were it not for the Internet, I would not have known about the Calliham case but I would have known from reading the local newspaper that someone had painted racial epithets on the property of a black church in a Southern community.
Now, a word about so-called hate crimes, and the category hate crime. In a free society based on the rule of law, there is no such thing. There are merely crimes such as vandalism and aggravated assault. The legal system punishes criminal actions; it does not attempt to punish the motivations behind them. To do so, obviously, is to criminalize certain categories of thought not to mention requiring a legal system that can get inside people’s heads and divine their motives. Orwell, of course, saw this over 50 years ago as integral to every dictatorship in the making. In our society today, hardly anyone with functioning brain cells thinks we still live in a free society based on the rule of law. Hence the rise of a brand of criminology that punishes people for having the wrong thoughts often indirectly, with inconsistent reporting of certain crimes based on who is to enjoy the fruits of our political spoils system.
We have reached the point where those who display Confederate symbols or harbor the wrong ideas have to fear for their safety. Some of us were warning ten years ago that this was where political correctness and affirmative action ideology were taking us. Hardly anyone listened. Now it is getting very, very late for the rule of law in America.
I’ve never been one to put political bumperstickers or license plates on my car. But I’ve written enough politically incorrect articles that I no longer take out my garbage at night. The second twenty-dollar question: how close are we white Southern Christians to being prisoners in our own residences while lawless thugs roam the streets, their crimes unreported?
Dr Steven Yates has a Ph.D. in Philosophy and is the . author of Civil Wrongs: What Went Wrong With Affirmative Action (ICS Press, 1994). He is at work on two manuscripts tentatively entitled View From the Gallery and The Paradox of Liberty, and also lectures occasionally. He lives, and freelance writes in Columbia, South Carolina.
‘None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.’ - Goethe
22	Southern Events
The Calamity of Appomattox
by H. L. Mencken
[Historic reprint edited from The American Mercury, Sept., 1930, pp. 29-31]
No American historian, so far as I know, has ever tried to work out the probable consequences if Grant instead of Lee had been on the hot spot at Appomattox. How long would the victorious Confederacy have endured?...
It might not have produced any more Washingtons, Madisons, Jeffersons, Calhouns and Randolphs of Roanoke, but it would certainly not have yielded itself to the Heflins, Caraways, Bilbos and Tillmans. The rise of such bounders was a natural and inevitable consequence of the military disaster.... *
If the war had gone with the Confederates no such vermin would be in the saddle, nor would there be any sign below the Potomac of their chief contributions to American Kultur— Ku Kluxry, political ecclesiasticism, nigger-baiting, and the more homicidal variety of wowserism. Such things might have arisen in America, but they would not have arisen in the South....
New Orleans, today, would still be a highly charming and civilized (if perhaps somewhat zymotic) city, with a touch of Paris and another of Port Said. Charleston, which even now sprouts lady authors, would also sprout political philosophers. The University of Virginia would be what Jefferson intended it to be, and no shouting Methodist would haunt its campus. Richmond would be, not the dull ‘suburb of nothing’ that it is now, but a beautiful and consoling second-rate capital, comparable to Budapest, Brussels, Stockholm or The Hague. And all of us, with the Middle West pumping its revolting silo juices into the East and West alike, would be making frequent leaps over the Potomac, to drink the sound red wine there and breathe the free air.
My guess is that the two Republics would be getting on pretty amicably....In 1917 the confiding North might have gone out to save the world for democracy, but the South, vaccinated against both Wall Street and the Liberal whim-wham, would have kept aloof — and maybe rolled up a couple of billions of profit from the ‘holy’ crusade. It would probably be far richer today, independent, than it is with the clutch of the Yankee mortgage-shark still on its collar. It would be getting and using his money just the same, but his toll would be less. As things stand, he not only exploits the South economically; he also pollutes and debases it spiritually. It suffers damnably from low wages, but it suffers even
Late 2000
more from the Chamber of Commerce metaphysic.
No doubt the Confederates, victorious, would have abolished slavery by the middle of the 1880s. They were headed that way before the war, and the more sagacious of them were all in favour of it. But they were in favour of it on sound economic grounds, and not on the brummagem moral grounds which persuaded the North. The difference here is immense. In human history a moral victory is always a disaster, for it debauches and degrades both the victor and the vanquished.
^0 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
Editor:
In your summer 2000 issue it is stated ‘The League rejects ... ideologies of the totalitarian left or right...’
As applied to Bolsheviks and Fascists, it has long been accepted that these are opposites.... I do not for a minute buy the notion that they are opposites....
[Both] seek power and wealth not through labour, or creativity, but via disciplined conspiracy, propaganda, and all forms of immoral and criminal activity. By these the self-anointed elite gains, extends, and holds political power, which is then converted into privilege. The methods of both include lies, theft, bribery and votebuying. If that does not work in a given instance, the fall back position is blackmail and related forms of mental pressure. If that still fails to work, then the next fall back position is physical attack, infliction of fear and pain, and where deemed necessary, murder.
All this is the direct opposite of the ideology propounded by our Founders and expresses in our Constitution, especially the Bill of Rights. The history of the modem world can be seen as one long and bitter, even bloody conflict between these two, exemplified by Marx and Washington....
The Washington group visualized a political method by which man could attain his highest and best aspirations. The Marx-led group was counterrevolutionary, developing a scientific method for restoring the totalitarian elite, returning ordinary man to a state of subjection to elitist whim. The vision of the Founders was wonderful while it lasted, and its achievements extraordinary. May it rise again!
Sincerely,
W. B. Woodruff, Jr.
Editor’s comment: Your third paragraph could also be a description of how current US elites mle- lies, theft, bribery and vote-buying....blackmail and related forms of mental pressure....infliction of fear and pain, etc.
23	Southern Events
Late 2000
Morris Dees & The Southern Poverty Law Center
by Karen De Coster
i T Tate-watching’ has become an enterprising sport
XJLin America. As so-called hate-watch groups and organisations spring up all across the country, they are venerated for their courage and unwavering defence of minority classes. They are touted as the great overseers of the civil rights granted to minorities by government.
For persons and organisations that wish to become powerful and recognizable to mainstream America, hate-watching is a clever way to earn a secure living. They can do so under the false flag of protecting minority identity and opportunity, though crying hate has become the call to arms for the protected classes against traditional culture.
Who are the true intolerants? Are they fervent Christians? Or is it the so-called watchdog groups that profit from the anger and backlash of protected classes who are themselves strangled by government policies?
The most notable of such prevaricators is the not-so-impecunious Southern Poverty Law Center, headed by lawyer Morris Dees. Mr Dees is a leftist icon of sorts. He manages to reap gorgeous profits from his not-for-profit business through website terrorism and hyper-emotional junk-mail campaigns.
The SPLC is the lead aggressor against right-wing organisations that are ideologically unappealing to Mr Dees and his fellow intolerants. What the SPLC does is use its government-approved coercive powers to ruin businesses, smear reputations, and try to force people to participate in their farcical diversity movement through ‘monitoring,’ while exposing alleged fascists, white-supremicists, and even (gasp!) pro-Confederates.
These accusations are gathered in the SPLC's Intelligence Report, a scuttlebutt rag that generates severe intolerance against any ideological group that doesn’t agree with its pinko views. One of the latest hits from the Intelligence Report has been directed toward the Ludwig von Mises Institute of Auburn, Alabama, an educational organisation dedicated to Austrian economics and classical liberalism. Such dedicated passions toward education and the advancement of intellectual spirit apparently are not sanctioned by the SPLC’s intolerant bunch.
Another organisation that has come under fire is the League of the South, an organisation inspired by the political theory of self-government. As if smearing the Mises Institute and the League of the South weren’t
enough, the SPLC attempts to link the two, in effect, implying that any educational institution in the South with libertarian-like views must be composed of Confederate sympathizers, and therefore, is racist and hate-filled.
Victimology is an art at SPLC. The past deeds of Morris Dees sensationalise race relations and patriotic uprisings, while encouraging deep fear in individuals who see themselves as victims of an unfair political system. Without producing this fear and victimological thinking, the center could not possibly raise the huge funds necessary for such a tireless spy machine.
The SPLC is exactly such a contrivance, in fact. It is also a newspeak machine that does not use logical reasoning or philosophical arguments to make its case, but rather, emotional attacks that bait the weak-minded, and seduce those looking for monetary ‘justice.’
Organisations like the SPLC are empowered by government agencies in the civil rights sector, and they are supported by a leftist media that allows them unchallenged on-air exposures of purported right-wing intolerance groups.
HBO recently ran a cable special entitled Hate.com: Extremists, which focused on Internet groups that don't fall within the tolerance guidelines set forth by hate-watchers. Of course, Mr Dees and his Intelligence Report editor Mark Potok took center stage in this documentary, pointing out how extremist, right-wing America, with the famed Turner Diaries as its bible, advances the cause of white people and terrorizes oppressed minorities.
The SPLC seems to take special pride in the fact that it can use tolerance education as the carrot, and draw upon its Northern liberal junk-mail base for its attack on all the evils of ‘extremist’ America.
Throughout the HBO piece, Messrs. Potok and Dees appear against an impressive backdrop of stately bookshelves in fancy offices. However, when a self-styled racist appears on screen, his backdrop is the SPLC’s favourite target: the Confederate flag. This is a purposeful attempt, of course, to smear the symbol of the noble causes of Southern secession and personal liberty.
The HBO documentary treats religious-based organisations in such a way as to propagate the notion that all hardcore religious activism is ‘Aryan’ in temperament, excessive, and therefore dangerous to nonwhites.
It is interesting to note how the SPLC also includes patriot groups in the Intelligence Report. This is due to the fact that such groups ‘advocate or adhere to extreme anti-government doctrines,’ which undermines the State worship that makes people like Mr Dees opulent by way
Late 2000
Look	Homeward, Angel
Reborn as O, Lost
24	Southern Events
of the multicultural-tolerance issue. One must remember that it was the Oklahoma bombing that put the SPLC propaganda machine on the map.
In fact, SPLC must have licked its chops after Oklahoma City, as they stormed into Michigan, ‘a state known for citizen militias’ and set up camp for the attack on patriotic movements. Mr Dees was as familiar to many Americans during this ordeal as was Dan Rather. One can almost say that Dees was to Oklahoma City what Wolf Blitzer was to the Persian Gulf.
Now the SPLC takes it on the road, as Dees travels about the country preaching his brand of liberality. He often speaks before college audiences, where supple minds are ripe for feel-good altruism.
This man works to gain the trust of young people by displaying the evils of admitted racist organisations that have a tiny number of adherents. Mr Dees then proceeds to propagate the notion that conservative organisations particularly those that are pro-gun or anti-government’ pose the same dangers, and thus, must be impeded.
The seeds of multiculturalism are planted in all forms of the media, and the harvest of fear and anger is in full growth. Accordingly, the nobility of the cause of liberty is buried beneath the scare tactics that associate virtuous symbols and causes with loathing and intolerance. For that reason, the professional hate-watchers are the profiteers of divisiveness.
Ms Karen De Coster is a CPA, and an MA student in economics at Walsh College in Michigan. From The Laissez Faire City Times, Vol 4, No 50, Dec 11, 2000
Six Little Known Facts About the South
1)	At just under 1/4 of the population, Southerners produce 1/3 of America's goods and services for only 4/5 of the pay workers get in the rest of the country.
2)	Southrons pay an average of 40-45% of their lower wages in various taxes each year.
3)	Yankee economic theft, sanctioned through official policies such as differential freight rates, and other unethical practices, continued until as recently as the 1950s, helping keep the South in poverty.
4)	The American Empire’s industrialists view Southern land as disposable land, so the South has more than 300 Super Fund sites.
5)	If the South were independent today, it would be the third most prosperous nation on earth.
6)	The South makes, mines, or grows almost every product it needs. If independent, Dixie would be one of the few self-sufficient nations on earth.
by Tito Perdue
No Southron, nor any American, has yet come into the world with a literary gift as big, or inspired so many others to write, as Thomas Wolfe. Now, one hundred years after his birth, his first book, Look Homeward, Angel has been published in an unabridged version with the original title, O, Lost.
But some say his works are too long. They employ too lavish a vocabulary, are altogether too ‘undisciplined’, display too many adjectives, digress too often and, in general, are just... too much. But at the same time his books are too little, especially from the point of view of professional critics and academics. Here indeed is a writer who would be ignored - if only it were possible to do so.
It is not possible to do so. The books are just too good, the prose too wonderful, and the characters too interesting and recognisable and rendered in such a way as to install themselves forever in the reader’s mind and memory.
Wolfe was bom in 1900 and lived for but 38 years. Within a writing career of about 12 years, he produced four large novels and a smattering of stories, all of them heavily edited and severely abridged. His first novel, Look Homeward, Angel, comprised, in the form in which it was submitted, some 294,000 words on a six-inch-high pile of typescript occupying two reams of paper. This large, but by no means outrageously large manuscript was then abridged down to 223,000 words by Scribners’ Maxwell Perkins, the most admired editor of that day, and published in 1929 as a 626 page novel.
Perkins, who served also as Hemingway’s editor and Fitzgerald’s, has been given enormous credit for his work with Wolfe. Among the stories that are told, most of them false, it was reported that Wolfe had offered Perkins a manuscript of thousands of indecipherable handwritten pages, and that it required a truck to deliver the thing. Applying himself to this untoward mess, Perkins, it is claimed, succeeded in wringing out the superfluous matter and bringing forth from the residue a literary masterpiece that stands on a level with the best. Likewise with Wolfe’s second novel, Of Time and the River, which had to be radically pruned and trimmed by Perkins before it became the readable book we have today. Wolfe’s third and fourth novels, The Web and the Rock and You Can’t go Home Again needed further trimming and additional pruning from his next editor, Edward Aswell, before they were deemed to be publishable. It has always been the received wisdom
25	Southern Events
Late 2000
about this author - that his editors deserve almost as much credit as he himself, and that he lacked the capacity to compose a unified book.
Comes now professor Matthew Bruccoli of The University of South Carolina who, with his wife Arlyn has published the full text, all 294,000 words, of the book that Wolfe called O Lost, and that Scribners, in its abridged version, entitled Look Homeward, Angel. And now that southern literature is 71,000 words richer, is it right to ask if those words are any good?
Why yes. To see that they are good and that they add something valuable to the whole, one need only compare the opening of Angel, which omits the early history of Oliver Gant, with the first part of O Lost, where the young Oliver is seen standing alongside a dusty trail in Pennsylvania as Lee’s army marches past to Gettysburg. The quality of the writing in these early passages, deleted by Perkins, is quite up to Wolfe’s standard and by referring to 19th century antecedents give context to the 20th century story still to come. It is hard to understand why Perkins chose to excise this material, unless it were for focusing all attention on Wolfe’s autobiographical Eugene. And now that we have the full text, it is clear that we will have to put aside the notion that parts of the book are so inferior to other parts that they should be suppressed. On the contrary, the novel is now more clearly a masterpiece than it has ever been, a permanent contribution to American and, more importantly. Southern literature, a unique and inimitable piece of writing, influential, gorgeous, and strange. Knowing as we do the sort of surgery applied to Wolfe’s other books, it must be clear by now to Professor and Mrs. Bruccoli that they still have a very great deal to do.
Mr Tito Perdue, a resident of Georgia, is a League member and a fiction writer. His titles include Opportunities in Alabama Agriculture and The New Austerities.
Selections From Thomas Wolfe
‘The seed of our destruction will blossom in the desert, the alexin of our cure grows by a mountain rock, and our lives are haunted by a Georgia slattern, because a London cutpurse went unhung. Each moment is the fruit of forty thousand years. The minute-winning days, like flies, buzz home to death, and every moment is a window on all time.’
Look Homeward, Angel, Page 3
‘And it was this that awed him - the weird combination of fixity and change, the terrible moment of immobility stamped with eternity in which, passing life at great speed, both the observer and the observed seem frozen in time.’
Look Homeward, Angel, Page 192
‘He understood that men were forever strangers to one another, that no one ever comes really to know any one, that imprisoned in the dark womb of our mother, we come to life without having seen her face, that we are given to her arms a stranger, and that, caught in that insoluble prison of being, we escape it never, no matter what arms may clasp us, what mouth may kiss us, what heart may warm us.’
Look Homeward, Angel, Page 625
‘You ask me again if I look upon writing as an escape from reality: in no sense of the word does it seem to me to be escape from reality; I should rather say that it is an attempt to approach and penetrate reality.’
The Letters of Thomas Wolfe,
Edited by Elizabeth Nowell, Page 321
‘Something has spoken to me in the night, burning the tapers of the waning year; something has spoken in the night; and told me I shall die, I know not where. Losing the earth we know for greater knowing, losing the life we have for greater life, and leaving friends we loved for greater loving, men find a land more kind than home, more large than earth.. .. Whereon the pillars of this earth are founded, toward which the spirits of the nations draw, toward which the conscience of the world is tending - a wind is rising, and the rivers flow.’
I Have a Thing to Tell You (The Short Novels of Thomas Wolfe), Page 278
‘Play us a tune on an unbroken spinet, and let the bells ring, let the bells ring! Play music now: play us a tune on an unbroken spinet. Do not make echoes of forgotten time, do not strike music from old broken keys, do not make ghosts with faded tinklings on the yellowed board; but play us a tune on an unbroken spinet, play lively music when the instrument was new, let us see Mozart playing in the parlor, and let us hear the sound of the ladies’ voices. But more than that; waken the turmoil of forgotten streets, let us hear their sounds again unmuted, and unchanged by time, throw the light of Wednesday morning on the Third Crusade, and let us see Athens on an average day.’
Of Time and the River, Page 853
‘I have found the constant, everlasting weather of man’s life to be, not love, but loneliness. Love itself is not the weather of our lives. It is the rare, the precious flower.’
The Anatomy of Loneliness (The Complete Short Stories of Thomas Wolfe), Page 498
Thomas Wolfe Revisited, a new book by Joe Scotchie, has just been published by Land of the Sky Books and will be reviewed in the next Southern Events. It is available at Publishers CyberMall at www.abooks.com
26	Southern Events
John Pelham
by James Ryder Randall, 1839-1908
Late 2000
Just as spring came laughing through the strife With all its gorgeous cheer;
In the bright April of historic life Fell the great cannoneer.
The wondrous lulling of a hero’s breath His bleeding country weeps-
Hushed in the alabaster arms of death,
Our young Marcellus sleeps.
Nobler and grander than the child of Rome, Curbing his chariot steeds;
The knightly scion of a Southern home Dazzled the land with deeds.
Gentlest and bravest in the battle brunt,
The champion of the truth,
He bore his banner to the very front Of our immortal youth.
A clang of sabres ‘mid Virginian snow,
The fiery rush of shells-
And there’s a wail of immemorial woe In Alabama dells.
The pennon drops that led the sabered band Along the crimson field!
The meteor blade sinks from the nerveless hand Over the spotless shield.
We gazed and gazed upon that beauteous face, While ‘round the lips and eyes,
Couched in the marble slumber, flashed the grace Of a divine surprise.
Oh, mother of a blessed soul on high!
Thy tears may soon be shed-
Think of thy boy with princes of the sky,
Among the Southern dead.
How must he smile on this dull world beneath, Fevered with swift renown-
He- with the martyr’s amaranthine wreath Twining the victor’s crown!
-17 March 1863
Reparations for Slavery? What About Reconstruction?
Concerning reparations for the descendants of slaves- Southern Events would like to go on record to say that this issue is a done deal! The descendants of American slaves, within the next 4 years, we predict, will receive a commitment in principle to be awarded reparations. Whether you believe it is valid or not, it is going to happen. We also predict that both major political parties will come to agree with this position.
In light of that, should Southrons raise the issue of reparations for the destruction of our property wrought by the American empire? Does the federal government OWE US (descendants of Southern-Confederates) reparations for oppressing our ancestors and stealing their land and their votes during the many long years of illegal occupation? We have plenty of documented evidence. What about a formal apology?
Southern Events would like to begin a dialog on this issue, and if you would like to contribute a letter or an essay on the subject please submit it to SE, P 0 Box 2517, Selma, AL 36702-2517. Correspondence may be emailed to South2@juno.com
Hines Real Estate
James S. Hines, Broker
Specializing in large land tracts
(334)875-1990 705 Alabama Avenue P O Box 464 Selma, Alabama 36702
\
27 Southern Events
Late 2000
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
Truth is error's best antagonist!’
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Satellite Systems Computers Camcorders - VCRs - TVs 1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
clip & mail
The Edgefield Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC. 29824
A Confederate States Nationalist Newspaper
An independent newspaper believing in the cause of constitutional government. Send $12.00 for one year, and $24.00 for two years. Include your name, address, and zip code.
Name ^_________________
Address _______________
JEFFERSON DAVIS: UNCONQUERABLE HEART 808 pp. by Felicity Alien	$34.95
WHEN IN THE COURSE OF HUMAN EVENTS: ARGUING THE CASE FOR SOUTHERN SECESSION 229 pp. by C. Adams	$24.95
THE SOUTHERN NATION: THE NEW RISE OF THE OLD SOUTH 224 pp. by R. G. Thornton	$19.95
THE CHURCH AND SLAVERY: Written by Calhoun of the Church by J. H. Thornwell. (pb) 56 pp. $6.00
ALBERT SIDNEY JOHNSTON: JEFFERSON DAVIS’ GREATEST GENERAL by C. P. Roland 112 pp. $19.95
THE CSS HUNLEY: CONFEDERATE SUBMARINE, (pb) 173 pp. Many illustrations by R. T. Campbell $14.95
GOD’S REBELS: CONFEDERATE CLERGY IN THE CIVIL WAR by H.L. Curry III 132 pp. (pb) $10.00
Cloth $15.00
STORY OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES (Excellent for young and old)	453 pp. by J. T. Derry	$25.00
COMPLETE TALES OF UNCLE REMUS The best of all Uncle Remus books 875 PP. by Joel. C. Harris $35.00
FIRST WITH THE MOST FORREST (pb) by Henry $16.95
CONFEDERATE WIZARDS OF THE SADDLE by B. H. Young. Very Good!	633 pp.	$19.95
THE CONFEDERATE COOKBOOK- Family favourites from the SCV 350 recipes 382 pp. by L. Moreau $25.00
RIDING WITH THE WIZARD OF THE SADDLE: A GUIDED TOUR OF GENERAL N. B. FORREST’S CAREER by B. Lockey	100 pp. (pb)	$14.95
BEDFORD FORREST AND HIS CRITTER COMPANY by Andrew N. Lytle	404	pp.	(pb)	$30.00
PLAIN FOLK OF THE OLD SOUTH by Frank L. Ousley 233 pp. (Pb)	$17.95
2001 CONFEDERATE CALENDAR CSA events listed each day; Original photographs	$11.95
Dr. C. E. Baker
652 Sixteenth Avenue, NW Birmingham, Alabama 35215 P & H $2.50 First Volume, $1.50 thereafter Personal Cheques Welcome, No Credit Cards (pb) = paperback (205)854-2690, (205) 853-0967