
		
Vol. 6 - Nos. 1 and 2 					DOUBLE ISSUE	Winter/Spring 2001




1


i ■
I?:.


em
Events

Patrolling the Cliffs
Thoughts On a New Southern Movement
by Michael C. Tuggle
Southerners, Celts, and Ecuadorian Indians - just three examples of native people resisting assimilation and total conquest. A comparison yields some startling lessons.
As Roman legions under Vespasian made their way to the Welsh seacoast, some of the last defiant Druids wrapped themselves in white robes, gathered at seaside cliffs, and jumped. Death, they decided, was preferable to being forced to becoming Roman.
Edmund Ruffin would later emulate their example when, wrapped in a Battleflag, he fired the last shot of the War Between the States.
Not all responses to attempts at forced assimilation are as dramatic. When the native Indians of Ecuador organised against their government’s globalist policies, they agreed upon a plan of action that furthered their interests and attracted other disaffected segments of Ecuadorian society. (Continued on page 24)
With Our Own Hands
by Joseph Scotchie
In these dark days, Southern patriots have every right to feel the world is against them. And why not? Our enemies have the big guns on their side: Newspapers, magazines, the electronic media, school propagandists, the Democratic/Republican Party ruling cartel, South-hating multinationalists who employ our people, and not the least, New South business slobs - greedy, home-grown people who’d rob grandma’s grave for a buck. What these hatemongers really fear is that the South may just “do it again.” As Richard Weaver said, “[The South] is damned for its virtues and praised for its faults, and there are those who wish its annihilation. But most revealing of all is the fear that it restates the revolutionary impulse of our future.” (Cont. on p. 11)_
Legends of the Redneck
by Sara Smith
Hick. Hillbilly. Trailer Trash. Cracker.
Yokel. Redneck. These are labels used to perpetuate a stereotype of a specific culture within American society.
For centuries, it has continued to be acceptable to demean the culture of the rural, working class Southerner. (p. 12)
Hating Southerners -It’s Politically Correct (p. 6)
by Robert Whitaker -You can say anything if you can throw in an insult to Southerners. League of The South Studies Reparations For Southrons (p. 13) Our Black Supremacist Culture- The Fascism that calls itself ‘ Anti-fascism’-& how the Critical Race Theory has undermined the US legal system (p.16) Black Rage and White Guilt (p. 14) Land Control as Mind Control Special Feature by John Chodes (p.36) Southern Novelist Tito Perdue (p. 8) Abe Lincoln: America’s Greatest War
Criminal by Ron Holland (p. 26)___
Reconstruction in Alabama (p.49)__
Top Ten Slams Against the League (p. 22) On Being Southern by Tommy Rogers (p.44) An Unintelligent Intelligence Report (p.24)
ou
them Events
ft
Southern Events is published quarterly by the Alabama League of the South. Articles express die opinion of the writer and not necessarily League positions. Articles may be reproduced (in entirety only) if credit is given to the author and Southern Events along with this information: ‘Subscriptions $15 yearly, P O Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517.’ Subscriptions are available to Alabama League of the South members at the reduced rate of two years for $ 15. We use Old South Orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Known as Oxford Standard or British Orthography, it was commonly used in antebellum Dixie prior to die loss of self rule and the ensuing cultural
WHY A DOUBLE ISSUE? The bottom line is manpower and money. With limited resources, human and financially, there is simply not enough to get SE published in the manner we would like (monthly or more). We need financial support to continue this labour of love. Please consider advertising, or contributing to SE on a regular basis. A one time gift of $100 or more will get you and a friend a lifetime subscription. Any gift will be appreciated. Gifts are NOT tax deductible.
+ + +
The League of the South is Considering Petitioning Congress for reparations for Southerners. See page 13 Friends of Forrest File Suit Against City of Selma. Early this year, in a discriminatory black racist affront, Selma Mayor James Perkins removed the Nathan Bedford Forrest monument from the Smitherman building to the Old Live Oak Cemetery.
Attorney Charles Yow, who has worked primarily for Nadve Americans, has filed suit in Federal Court for damages because of race-based discrimination.
The city also placed it near, and possibly over, several unmarked Confederate grave sites.
Confederate Battleflag Victory in Mississippi. A 65% majority voted to keep the Battleflag on the state flag where it has been for 105 years. In a poll conducted by the Sun Herald, of the 30 % of blacks who voted to retain the historic flag, 27 % accepted the flag as a symbol of Southern heritage, while 56 % thought changing the flag would not solve racial difficulties. Many Southern groups working together helped bring
the victory. In the forefront was the League 0f * South’s own John Cripps, who is running fofgovi!'
Dawn Cripps said, "The secret to our success J coming out aggressively right from the start, like a chihuahua nipping at someone’s ankle ... the rank and file of the Sons of Confederate Veterans supported us but the Mississippi SC V leadership did not. They even made a deal with the Flag Commission to give up the flag in exchange for legislation protecting monuments."
Continued NAACP Boycott of SC Fails. Tourism is booming at a higher than ever rate since the NAACP call to remove the Battleflag from Statehouse Grounds.
NCAA Says No to Sanctions Against Mississippi and South Carolina as urged by the NAACP for continuing to honour the CSA Battleflag.
National Origin Status for Confederate Americans was denied by a federal judge in Alexandria, Va., who ruled that he had no authority to grant it under Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The case before Claude M. Hilton, chief judge of e Eastern District of Virginia, was filed against the US Department of Labor. The department had dem employee Don Terrill participation in a “diversity day celebration because he wanted to set up a Confederate-American exhibit.
Terrill’s lawsuit survived the government’s motion or dismissal. He was defended by Kirk D. Lyons, chief tri counsel of the Southern Legal Resource Center.
Lyons said that cases involving discrimination against Confederate Americans in the workplace are increasing. The case will be appealed.
“We’re trying to make law,” Lyons said, “Every group that has gained protection under national origin had to start somewhere.... We have cases all over the federal court system....Eventually, one will go to the Supreme Court.”
A related case in South Carolina is titled William Vanderhoff v. John Deer. “Mr. Vanderhoff was fired for having a Confederate flag on his toolbox,’’Lyons said.
To define a group for national-origin status, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission looks for cultural, linguistic and other differences.
The Only Pro-Confederate Flag School Decision in the entire US Circuit Courts of Appeal resulted when the mother of Timothy Castorina, a student at Madison High School in Richmond, KY, brought suit for violation of her sons rights. He was suspended for wearing a Confederate Flag shirt in 1997. A Federal Court in Lexington dismissed the case, but on appeal the 6th Circuit unanimously agreed that the case should not have been dismissed and sent it back for trial. The school could have appealed to the Supreme court, but
At
3 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
chose not to do so, which will make the decision binding on all schools in the 6th Circuit which includes the Southern states of Kentucky and Tennessee.
The case will be tried Kentucky Attorney Earl Ray Neal and by Kirk D. Lyons of the SLRC.
Sophomore Sent Home for Confederate T-shirt at Fontainebleau High School in Mandeville, LA. Tom King Jr’s shirt depicted the battle flag and Jeff Davis.
“I told him he should do what he felt was right and I’d support him,” said Rhonda King, who said her son’s free speech rights are being violated. She said they will fight the school’s actions in court.
Student Stands Up for Rights After Suspension at Houston Area High School. On 25 April, at Cypress Creek HS, an Assistant Principal suspended Chris Gresham for wearing a shirt that bore the state flag of Mississippi. She claimed the shirt was inappropriate because Mississippi’s state flag incorporates the Confederate Battleflag.
Chris went to school with his flag shirt again the next day, after his parents had publicized the discrimination. The school said they were not going to suspend him then because “the press ... would have a field day.”
He is being allowed to continue and a number of other students have begun wearing Battleflag shirts.
Virginia and North Carolina Consider Change in School Curricula to eliminate parts of US and Southern history for of a more "globar approach.
The ‘Don’ Gets 30 Pieces of Silver. About 250 compatriots participated in a 3 hour demonstration at the ‘Save The Capital’ Rally in Montgomery in April. Governor Don Siegelman was presented with a pouch of 30 dimes, symbolic of the 30 pieces of silver Judas received. It represented the 7 million Siegelman received from the Federal Government to remodel the capital grounds, remove the statue of Jeff Davis, and turn it into a shrine to the Civil Rights movement. Siegelman would not come out but the pouch was given to his secretary.
All Alabamians should call their state legislators and 8 or 10 others and ask them to vote for HB 186. This bill will protect the monuments.
Victory in Lake City, FL. The NAACP and Green Party were defeated in their attempt to get the Battleflag removed from that city’s logo. Five hundred Confederates showed up to confront the 38 protesters.
Georgia Governor Draws Backlash at Robert E. Lee Portrait Unveiling at the state capital. Flags were banned but about 200 compatriots snuck in concealed small ‘true’ Georgia flags. They were unveiled to the gov. who had been instrumental in changing the Georgia flag by concealed arrangements. Just as the ceremony started, 4 full size ‘true’ state flags were also
draped over the balcony directly across from the speaker in addition to a Battleflag. Many turned their backs when “King” Roy Barnes was speaking, and when the portrait was unveiled, the crowd spontaneously began singing “Dixie,’’drowning out the governor’s associate he had directed to hush the crowd.
Family PC Magazine for May Slams Confederates. The primary computer-oriented magazine for the nontechnical computer user has an article “Hate In Online America” that has the Confederate Battleflag in two different images along with several neo-nazi images. Email them at fpcletters@ziffdavis.com or their postal address is 28 E. 28th Street, New York, NY 10016.
Edward C. Smith Calls for Lincoln Statue in Richmond. Smith is a black who has spoken out in favour of allowing Confederate flags and symbols to be displayed in public places.
In Slidell, Louisiana, During the Dedication of a Bust of CSA Diplomat John Slidell, protesters held a prayer service after city leaders agreed to modify it.
The bust is surrounded by several flags significant to the city during its 113-year history, including the Confederate Battleflag. Planned protests were cancelled when city leaders agreed to remove the flag.
The city of Slidell also has agreed to remove from public property any flag with a Confederate emblem, and to build a monument honouring blacks.
Two Pensacola City Council Members Who Voted to Remove The Battleflag from City property in Feb. 2000 have been defeated for re-election.
The US Treasury Department Threatens Citizens. Some South Carolinians are stamping their SC quarters with the Battleflag as in the photograph below. Federal authorities promise to prosecute for defacing currency.
The ‘Real’ Southland
by James Butler
When I walked into my first European cathedral some 20 years ago I had to sit down and catch my breath. I’d been used to the stately, squared-off Methodist Church in Huntsville I’d been raised in. (It was “accidentally” burned by Union troops in 1864.)
I	had a similar experience a few weeks ago visiting Southern California for the first time since I was a kid. Now, I’ve been in some big cities, but for some reason my latest exposure to California left me agitated.
The scope of the place is hard for an Alabama boy to comprehend. Imagine an area the size of South Carolina crammed with people, buildings, cars and money. I saw more houses driving from Seal Beach to San Clemente, about 50 miles, than there are between Memphis and Mobile. Shoot, you could fit most of Gulf Shores on the Santa Monica Pier.
The whole thing seems to have a life of its own. Untouchable. Unstoppable. Nothing less than an act of God (or some serious Socialism) could put a dent in I Southern California.
To add to the general weirdness, I soon discovered that this colossal bio-mechanical mess is referred to by its inhabitants as (gulp) the “Southland.”
But what has Los Angeles to do with the real Southland? Is there any real “union” between California, or the wild west for that matter, and the South? Wagon trains, the transcontinental railroad, the gold rush, cowboys and coolies, not to mention Hollywood, seem like they belong to the history of another country.
If the Los Angeles Basin (apt term) and the South are part of one nation we sure don’t seem to share much in common. Not even “national” headlines. My business-hosts, Thousand Oaks natives, had not heard of the California power cnsis” that was such big news.
“What power blackouts?”
I thought back to the Watts riots of the 60’s, and the Rodney King riots. They were presented by the media as some sort of national disaster. Bull.
Riots in Watts (which is where all the black folks there are kept, apparently) may beget weeping and wailing on TV, but they cause no more trouble for surrounding areas of LA than a traffic jam. The place is so big and everybody so self-absorbed that the Chinese could invade Long Beach and it wouldn’t raise an eyebrow in Encino.
It occurred to me, as I watched the endless lurch of fancy cars on Sunset Boulevard, that millions of people in LA enjoy something like material bliss. They seem quite confident and content in their specialty consumer heaven.
It all seems like an act. They don’t have an identity so much as an image. Whatever unites them as a people, much less with our part of the country, escapes me.
It may be that “rolling blackouts” will soon catch up with even the most cocooned Californian. No doubt their whining will be broadcast as a “national” concern. Frankly, my dear, I don’t plan to lose any sleep over it. (Unless it gets so bad they start immigrating South.)
If I sound indifferent to the fate of California, I would venture to guess that the average Californian cares not a whit about the South. We are only a minor source of revenue, after all, and completely unhip. I reckon if anybody out there gives us much thought it’s in the form of movie moguls planning how best to level our culture and “uplift” us from the rubble.
But we have our history, our heroes, and our identity as Southerners to help us resist. In particular, the War and Occupation baptised us into what life is about, and bound us together as a People. A terrible price to pay for illumination, but we are stronger for it.
I’ll start worrying about Californians’ light bills the day the Los Angeles Museum of Tolerance opens an Understanding the Confederacy wing.
Mr James Butler of Alabama is a League of the South member and a regular contributor to SE.
MALLARD FILLMORE
BY BRUCE TINSLE
5 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Lightfoot's Grave
by Ken Gillespie
Eliza(beth) Lightfoot — where's your grave? Over by Old Salem’s brave,
Down from beside the burnt out houses And the blacksmiths’ smoking anvils.
Out past where Meridian’s curve
Hast past the Confederate campfires aglow
Astride the road to Hollysprings.
There you’re buried deep below The layers and layers of nature's caresses Of leaves and touches couched in twigs And filial blushes’ gentle breezes.
The leaves are falling—golden sky!
The twilight cometh to say goodbye.
There the broken stones lie twisted,
Lines undone and names not listed,
Turned by lightning strikes on high.
n.
The town was wakened To screams of anguished pain (The yankees came).
The townsfolk rose with picks and hammers.
Homemade weapons from iron anvils,
An occasional musket took deadly aim—
But on the looting yankees came Their “thunder road” aboomin’
To overrun the earthen berm To loot and bum To loot and bum!
But Gaus was in his saddle ready.
And Forrest stood by watching all—
And they charged into the yankee fray And ne’er a yankee was left to say Just what happened that autumn day.
m.
But they say Ol’ Lightfoot whooped And shot his arrows as he stooped Until a yankee colonel slay The brave warrior— now he lays By Salem town deep in his grave.
But who can find ft?
None they say
Who trod the woods in better days.
The town asleep, the briars thick,
Except for the digger And poet and farmer
Who swept the leaves away.
Robert Whitaker’s Corner
+ + +
Hating Southerners is Politically Correct
Lately there have been a number of TV commercials where someone shoves his face into the camera and shouts at the viewer. You may be wondering why anybody thinks this would sell anything. It is the result of New York City provincialism.
Some years ago on a late night talk show, I remember a Jewish comedian from New York making fun of the very idea of ‘Alabama Jews.’ He pronounced Hebrew words with a wildly exaggerated Southern accent. This was allowed because, 1) he himself was a Jew of the Only True, or New York, variety, and 2) all Southerners- even including Jewish Southerners- are fair game.
You can say almost anything and be Politically Correct if you can throw in an insult to Southerners. Most of us old guys remember the comic strip ‘Lil Abner.’ It was a national comic strip written by a self-described ‘liberal New York Jew’ which ridiculed Ozark hillbillies without stint.
A little question: What would have been the fate of a self-described ‘Ozark hillbilly’ who tried to start a national comic strip ridiculing New York Jews?
Don Rickies, ‘the insulting comedian,’ is an outstanding example of this ‘In Your Face* humour.
Commercials reflecting this sort of New York taste appear from time to time. One was for a computer services outfit. In this commercial the chairman calls on someone in the board room. As soon as the man tries to talk a young guy jumps up on the conference table with a megaphone and begins to shout.
Why would anybody think that loud rudeness would sell anything?
Let me explain the New York thinking here: computers arc for Young People, you see, and this guy is what truly provincial New Yorkers think of as America’s Youth. It is a cross between New York Jewish humour and Gangsta Rap.
Another such in-your-face commercial is for Diversity. It shows a black man in a spacesuit. The black man in the suit informs us that we are ‘shocked’ by seeing a black man in an astronaut outfit He then shoves his face into the camera and yells at us to ‘get over it’ New York Brotherhood in action!
Actually, no one is surprised to see a black man posing as an astronaut. It is required in every science fiction movie. We would be shocked if he were a fully qualified astronaut who got into the space program
action.
without any reference whatsoever to affirm^
But this guy isn't.
I think we are all aware that one of the main rewards for people attacking the tobacco industry is the fact that it gives them a chance to attack the region where the tobacco companies are found. When Dick Van Dyke I made his anti-smoking movie ‘Cold Turkey,’ the first I scene representing a tobacco company was a close-up of a Confederate flag. In the same spirit of the Love Generation, today's anti-smoking ads are ‘in-your-face’ and seething with hatred.
The tobacco settlement gave anti-smoking groups huge amounts of money to put on ‘anti-smoking’ ads. The ads I have seen spend most of their time attacking tobacco COMPANIES rather than giving any education on smoking itself. One of these ads had someone riding down the streets of a suburb in a tobacco company area at night waking people up with a megaphone. They dont do that in liquor or beer-making areas.
But everybody knows what section of the country that megaphone was being used against.
That, after all, is why most of the people in these groups are in on this movement. As Joe Sobran pointed out, the reason the left finds it so easy to label everything on the right ‘HATE’ is precisely because that is their motivation and they assume it is ours.
Maurice Bessinger, Wal-mart, and China
According to the media, about half of Wal-Mart s products come from Red China. When American hostages were held by that country, Wal-Mart had absolutely nothing to say.
But Wal-Mart led the boycott of Bessinger's products when he committed PURELY VERBAL heresy on the political RIGHT.
Another point: when it comes to Maurice's taking down the Federal flag and when they want to attack the right for being "naziswhowanttokillsixmillionjews," the left is always talking about "our men who fought in World Warn."
But during the recent hostage crisis, our men who fought the Red Chinese in Korea were never mentioned.
Maurice Bessinger was one of those FIGHTING the Red Chinese in Korea. Maurice put HIS life on the line for that Federal flag when he felt that side represented his homeland.
Some of us have previously brought up Wal-Mart's support of Red China versus their boycott of Bessinger Now that the real nature of Red China is front and center, this is no time to pass over this point.
We have got to keep repeating it, because no one else is going to mention it at all.
7 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
A Man with a Memory Looks at the Cincinnati Race Riots
As the only man with a memory, I need to mention something about the Cincinnati race riots.
I remember the 1960s race riots, and I remember one thing about those riots that no one mentioned in the media then and that no one talks about now.
One of the things that happened in the recent Los Angeles riots and the Cincinnati uprisings was that the mob pulled whites out of their cars and beat them. During the 60s riots, that happened in the Watts Riots in Los Angeles and many other Northern riots as well.
But in the 1960s they did not pull one single white person out of their cars south of the Mason-Dixon Line.
The liberals would love to say that it was because evil, bigoted Southerners would have chased down and prosecuted the attackers more vigorously down South. So the poor, persecuted Southern blacks didn't dare drag whites out.
But some of those Northern rioters wore masks. Nobody grabbed a person out of his car in a Southern riot even with a mask on. It isn't the fear of being identified that prevents it.
No respectable conservative would dare think of, much less mention, the real reason why drivers down here, white or black, are so often unmolested.
But you and I know why no sane person would drag a person out of a car in the middle of a Southern riot: he is likely to get his head blown off.
A lot of us "carry heat" down here, and if there is a dangerous situation, even more of us will put the answer to it in our glove compartments.
You will only read it here: if a few Northerners would have had guns in their cars, no one would have been dragged out and beaten in Northern riots, then or now.
The "Neos" Helped Cause Today's Suppression of Free Speech
David Horowitz is the leading opponent of slavery reparations. He could not have any debate on American campuses about it, so he decided to put paid ads in campus newspapers. Most student papers banned those, too.
The few campus papers that took Horowitz’ ad faced major campus uprisings. At the University of California, the Daily Californian ran a front-page editorial apologizing for having allowed the anti-reparations ad.
At the University of Wisconsin, 100 students confronted the student editor demanding her resignation.
On other campuses, gangs of students openly took the papers from distribution racks and trashed them.___
Leon Botstein, president of Bard College in New York, said that Mr Horowitz was clearly on a campaign of provocation but that colleges were easy prey. Contrary to their image as arenas of intellectual debate, Mr Botstein said, colleges tolerate dissent poorly.
Botstein said this was particularly true of race, which he called “the central question of life in America.” David Horowitz, like all accepted spokesmen for the right against today’s racial excesses, is a neoconservative. This means that he backed the leftist approach to race issues all the way until recently. According to him and his fellow “neos,” everything was fine with liberal policy until, suddenly and inexplicably, it went to extremes just recently.
Horowitz was a good leftist until he sent a friend of his to work for the Black Panther Party. She was murdered there, he said, “for asking too many questions.” He said the Panthers were a front for criminal and drug activities It took that kind of shock for him to see what had happened. Until now, according to neoconservatives, the race issue was being handled just fine. Respectable conservatives not only agree, but do not allow anybody but a “neo” to represent the right on racial issues.
But if you take the line that respectable conservatives take, the anti-Horowitz protesters are perfectly correct. Horowitz argued, for example, that American blacks don’t deserve reparations because the slaves’ descendants today earn fifty times as much money per capita as blacks whose ancestors were not slaves.
That’s true, but according to the rules agreed to by neocons and respectables, you are not allowed to talk about race just because what you say is true. No one is allowed to point to white achievements, and every conservative publication agrees to this. A British court sent a man to prison under the Hate Laws with the flat statement, “The truth is no excuse.”
White people are only to be mentioned when something they did was bad. If it's good, “humankind” did it. All through the civil rights battle, liberals made it clear that if you are free to discuss what each race actually did, that leads you straight into white supremacy.
You could not have gotten integration, much less the total suppression of all dissent on campuses, if racial heresy were allowed.
Mr Robert Whitaker, a published author, and League of the South member, resides in Columbia, South Carolina. Check out www.palmetto.org/whitaker.htm
8 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Featured Southern Novelist: Tito Perdue
by Robert Stacy McCain
Folks living here in Cave Spring, Georgia, probably don’t see much of Leland ‘Lee* Pefley. Lee doesn’t care for the modem world.
Even so small a town as Cave Spring is far too modem for a fellow who thrives on opera and ancient Greeks. Though he lives five miles from town, the travesty called “modem civilisation” (an oxymoron, that) is still too close for Lee’s taste.
Not that Lee doesn’t have friends, and important ones, too. A lady writer at the Boston Globe praised his “aesthetic fastidiousness” and his “idiosyncratically skewed view of the world.” A writer in California said Lee was “original, enchantingly so,” and the New York Times called him “fiercely misanthropic... vitriolic and hallucinatory,” a description which Lee would certainly accept as not only accurate, but highly enviable.
In short. Lee is the sort of fellow most folks hereabouts would call “a character.”
He is exactly that. Lee Pefley is the central character in the novels of Tito Perdue, who has lived west of Cave Spring since 1992.
I met Lee - and his creator - quite by accident. I wrote a column inspired by Sven Birkerts’ The Gutenberg Elegies, lamenting the decline of literacy in our society. In response. Perdue wrote me a letter and sent along a copy of his second novel. The New Austerities.
The book lay unread for a couple of days. I mistakenly assumed it was some sort of vanity-press affair - imagine, an actual novelist living in Cave Spring! And then, in an idle moment, I glanced at the dust jacket and read this:
“Full of neurotic energy, kooks, eccentrics, weirdos and intellectuals....” So said the Library Journal, and Publisher's Weekly chimed in, calling Perdue’s work “a howl of protest against regimented and standardized modem existence,” speaking of the author’s “relentlessly bleak vision ... pungent wit and iconoclastic point of view.”
It occurred to me that Publisher's Weekly doesn’t review vanity-press stuff and, intrigued by the promise of kooks and eccentrics, I began to read.
And was immediately hooked.
For someone who seldom reads novels (too much history yet to learn) it was hard to find anything with which to compare Perdue’s writing. The rich texture of literary allusions called to mind Vladimir Nabokov, while the ironic absurdism was indeed, as one reviewer noted, “reminiscent of Samuel Beckett.”
—— ’ ‘“UwuutCQ The litfl-—
world to this fascinating character who detests vS every cultural development in Western civihsatioZi the Renaissance - including the Renaissance Particularly does Lee despise the opulent ignorance of the late 20th century. Thus this scene, in which Lee returns to his Alabama hometown:
“In his day these had been places of interest, a 20-acre slice of woods with tree houses and each with an inhabitant in it; now, from the expression on people’s faces, he might almost have been up North. He passed a youth, cynical-looking, mouth hanging open in a kind of late 20th-century stupor - he had seen this syndrome before, and now apparently it had spread to Alabama...” Exactly so, and who hasn’t seen that syndrome of slack-jawed youth, cynical from too much MTV? Lee is no less scathing in his views of modem business, and meaningless psychobabble. No greater pejorative can be bestowed on his fellow men than “sports fans.” Captivated by this character, I was soon on the phone to Perdue, trying to discover just how much of the creator was present in the creation. Quite a bit.
Like Lee, Perdue grew up in Anniston, Alabama- the town makes its appearance in the novels, anonymous except for the references to Quintard Avenue,
Anniston’s tree-lined main drag.
Like the protagonist of his novels, Perdue has zero tolerance of modem culture, with its politically correct sensitivity toward everything except raw truth.
As for the rave reviews of his work, Perdue jokes, “The critics love me, it’s the people who hate me.” What bothers me, however, is that critics have apparently overlooked the intrinsically Southern quality of Perdue’s vision. They compare him with Beckett, but what of the Agrarians? It is as if being literate and iconoclastic disqualifies a writer from being ‘Southern,’ as though only the creators of Forrest Gumps and Miss Daisies were eligible for the club.
Through the searching eyes of his protagonist, Leland ‘Lee* Pefley, Perdue exposes with cmel glee the insidious effects of “the shallowness revolution.”
In a scene from Perdue’s first novel, Lee - a neurotic old man - accosts a woman in an antique store, threatening to beat her with his cane unless she can “name me all those whom Achilles slew.”
The woman sputters desperately: “Horace? No, wait. Hadrian? No. Oh, Homer! Herodotus? Herodian? No, cancel that last Hold! I have it - Hector!” Lee decides to spare her the beating.
Two chapters later, Lee goes to an all-night tavern called The Pied Cow, where he encounters a former third-grade classmate, who pronounces Lee “nothing in this world but trash.” A few more insults fly and these two old gcczer5» bolhin ihfiir seventies. mifniriii to
9 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
do battle with their canes. Lee wins, of course, leaving his victim bleeding on the sidewalk.
To find what kind of man created such a distinctive character? To hear the story, I paid a visit to Perdue’s home - behind a copse of hardwoods, it is almost invisible from the country road.
Perdue’s family roots extend deep into the soil of Alabama, though he was bom in 1938 in Chile, where his father was working as an engineer. While in college up North, he met and married his wife, Judy, whose own father was a novelist.
In 1991, Perdue’s first novel, Lee, was published to critical acclaim. “A spellbinding work,” the New England Review of Books called it, while Booklist declared it simply “stunning.”
But Lee Pefley - who reappears, 20 years younger, in The New Austerities and whose ancestors occupy Perdue’s third novel, Opportunities in Alabama Agriculture - is not the sort of amiable simpleton so familiar to readers of more typical “Southern writers.” Forrest Gump, he ain’t.
As the New York Times noted, the central character “is a fiercely misanthropic septuagenarian” who “despises every manifestation of the modem world” and whose “fantasies are his only companions; every living person is his enemy.”
“I don’t glamorize ordinary people,” Perdue admits. “Some people would say I’m an elitist. One critic called me ‘a reactionary snob’. And I guess that’s true.”
Like the protagonist of his novels. Perdue has fled to the South, seeking shelter from the modem world. Tito Perdue admits that he “keeps a pretty low profile.”
The man who greeted me at the front door bears only passing resemblance to the gloomy and brooding portrait on the back of his books. With his slim build, salt-and-pepper hair, friendly smile and firm handshake, he seems far younger than his age.
The living room is all you’d expect of the author who created Leland ‘Lee’ Pefley. The bookcases are stocked with history, philosophy and classics - Arnold Toynbee, Oswald Spengler, Friedrich Nietzsche and the entire Loeb’s series of Greek and Latin greats. I find myself muttering aloud the titles, which brings Judy into the room.
She is cheerful and friendly, bearing no grudge against me for having once written a column denouncing opera. The Perdues are opera aficionados, and I am somewhat embarrassed about that column. Tito Perdue considers opera “greater than poetry, the highest expression of art,” and anyone who doesn’t appreciate it is a “Philistine.” Ouch!
Judy Perdue tells me the story of how they moved to New York City in 1959 when their daughter was just an infant. They were “incredibly poor,” and barely scraped
by for the first few weeks, allotting a significant portion of Tito’s first paycheck to purchasing the exact number of subway tokens required to get him back and forth to his job on Wall Street until the next payday.
“The brightest star in the great Western philistine power,” Perdue called it in his second novel, The New Austerities. It is a city where Lee Pefley’s office colleagues parrot a best-seller called The Tao of Management, babble meaninglessly of “targets, goals and aims” and line up to attend a seminar on “Parameters of Assertiveness Extrapolation.”
Tito begins touring me around the house. He points out the portrait of his great-great-grandparents on the wall, tells me how his one of his great-greatgrandfather’s brothers lost a leg at Missionary Ridge.
We speak of things Southern, including William C. Davis’ account of the formation of the Confederate government, as Perdue leads me into his home office. He is active in the League of the South.
He tells me about Judy’s father, novelist Christopher Clark, who not only inspired him to become a writer himself, but also introduced him to opera.
At the mention of opera, I insist on hearing some, so Perdue leads me downstairs to the den, speaking of genealogy, as we go. Some of his ancestors were Scots, Welsh and Irish, like my own family tree, while others were French Huguenots, which leads to a discussion of the persecutions under Pope Pius V, and McWhiney’s theory on the Celtic roots of Southern culture.
Downstairs, Perdue pops Wagner’s “Tritan and Isolde” into the VCR and then proceeds to tell me the story of the Cornish prince and his forbidden love for the Irish princess- more Celts, you see. We have only time for me to hear the haunting overture, and Perdue promises to educate me on opera at some later point.
More than an hour has raced by, and I have to be getting home, and I say my farewells to Judy as Tito leads me back upstairs. We talk of opera and the decadence of modem popular music, and I defend blues as a distinctively Southern art form. Maybe if Perdue can teach me to appreciate Puccinni and Wagner, I’ll be able to teach him to appreciate Howling Wolf and Muddy Waters. Or maybe not.
It’s a long drive back to Rome, Georgia. Time enough to ponder many things. Mostly, I Ponder the strange hand of fate that brought me stumbling into Perdue.
I’m glad I did. When confronted with the absurdity of a modem world full of people who’d rather “undergo major surgery than open a serious book,” it’s good to know I’m not the only one who despises it. As long as Tito Perdue lives and writes, at least I’m not alone.
Mr Robert Stacy McCain, Alabama born, writes for the Washington Times, and occasionally for SE.
True Simplicity and Real Particulars
Review of: Life Is a Miracle* Aft Essay Against Modem Superstition, by
Wendell Berry, Counterpoint, 2000,153 pages, $21.00. by David Wright
rpo read Southern writer Wendell Berry is to enjoy a X conversation with the land, in particular with the Kentucky landscape that has been both backdrop and foreground to his career as a poet, essayist, and novelist. Over the span of forty years, Berry has learned what it might mean for human beings to live in relationship with the particular chunks of creation we inhabit. As he put it in an interview thirty years ago: “I could construct an airtight argument for not settling in my own community. The fact is that I’m spending my life constructing an argument for being here.”
Berry’s Life is a Miracle extends this lifelong argument into territory both familiar and new to his readers. The collection is an extended response to biologist Edward O. Wilson’s Consilience: The Unity of Knowledge (Random House, 1999). Though tied to Wilson’s book, Berry’s writing rings with his familiar polemical and aphoristic style as he demonstrates his distrust of abstraction in all its forms.
Nothing matters more to Berry than places underfoot and the specific communities of people charged with caring for the ground. Whether his subject is science, religion, art, or agribusiness. Berry has always offered up the standard he reiterates here, that any innovation or practice “should be applied locally by local people on a local scale, using the health of the locality as the standard of application and judgment.” Thus, for Berry, the use of science (or anything else) “by or upon people who do not understand it is always potentially tyrannical, and it is always dangerous.”
In defence of the local and sustainable, he presents a jeremiad against the reductive “superstitions” of progress and globalism-superstitions Berry spots lurking everywhere in Wilson’s book. Berry takes on Wilson point by point to demonstrate how science has become a modem religion, and why that is a damned dangerous thing. “Legitimate faith in scientific methodology,” Berry writes, “seems to veer off into a kind of religious faith in the power of science to know all things and solve all problems, whereupon the scientist may become an evangelist and go forth to save the world.
The contemporary sciences, in Berry’s view, regularly reduce creation to the “terms of our understanding, especially to a mechanistic understanding that linguisti-
cally simplifies the world, as he puts it, “to assemblage of perfectly featureless ecosystems** organisms, environments, mechanisms and the like.” * For Berry, to sustain a morally complex view of the world, human beings need to embrace our particularity and our limitations, cultivating a deeper recognition of our ignorance about ourselves and die natural world. History shows us just how dangerous is the temptation to “act on the assumption that sure knowledge is complete knowledge-or on the assumption that our knowledge will increase fast enough to outrace the bad consequences of the arrogant use of incomplete knowledge.” This is not only bad science, says Berry, “It is bad religion.”
As an example of this bad religion, Berry makes the likely and obvious choice of Wilson’s Consilience. Over a long career, Wilson has contributed groundbreaking work as an entomologist, as a sociobiologist, and as an environmental activist-studying the particular to see what it tells us about the general. It is that sort of generalization that is behind Wilson’s ambitious aim to achieve a “unification of knowledge. Such an endeavour will accomplish no less, writes Wilson, than to “save the spirit, not by surrender but by liberation of the human mind.... When we have unified enough certain knowledge, we will understand who we are and why we are here.”
The dangers and misapplications ofWilson’s unifying impulse are clearest in his proposals for “unifying’ science with the arts and religion. The unification he proposes is a victor’s peace, with religion becoming the poetic servant of science.
Rather than grand theory, Berry believes in humility and context and points to the basic flaw in Wilson’s reductionism— “its tendency to allow the particular to be absorbed or obscured by the general.” In Berry's judgment, people will never defend and sacrifice for what they know generally and abstractly. I will not spend time cultivating “land,” but I will dig and dig in my own particular garden.
Berry sees particularity not merely as an antidote to postmodern placelessness and scientific arrogance but as a way of enacting a biblical faith that is “explicitly against reductionism.” He rejects the usual simplistic environmentalist criticism of Christianity, the one that says Christians are too heavenly minded and see the earth as dispensable. Such a critique, in Berry’s words, “ignores the very point of the Incarnation. It ignores Christ’s unfailing compassion for sufferers, whom He healed one by one.” Berry’s advocacy of the particular often gets him in trouble, and for good reason. His distrust of overarching stories and abstractions
11 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
(“Abstraction is the enemy everywhere,” he has written) at times teeters towards generalization itself.
Both Wilson and Perry are elder statesmen in their professions, making clear and accessible arguments for the Big Ideas that charm them, whether or not the ideas necessarily or even logically follow from the realities of science, or society. As true as this might be, the difference, I think, is that Berry, by remaining in a single place, has made his polemic his grounds for living (in ways that Wilson fails to). He is not a poet, nor an essayist, nor an activist, nor a farmer only. The daily acts of “reverence, fidelity, neighborliness, and stewardship” he calls for and practices over and over simply do not have a place in Wilson's conjectural ideas. But in Berry’s smaller universe, they are truly at home.
Mr David Wright is a freelance writer.
With Our Own Hands
(Continued from page one) by Joseph Scotchie
The meaning of the Confederate flag has changed over the years. It has always been controversial (although for no reason), but even as late as the 1970s, the flag was mostly seen as a quaint artifact of Southern culture, appearing in such harmless television shows as “The Dukes of Hazzard.” The times were different, then. The United States was locked in a cold war that had the South's allegiance. The elites, needing Southern support, were willing to let such people fly the flag. Furthermore, American culture had not yet gone down the suicidal path toward massive immigration, multiculturalism, and one-worldism. Today, the flag is more than a symbol of a living, breathing distinct culture. It is also the banner of a nation that has never quite died. The very sight of the flag now horrifies the elites. In short, the twenty-first century is here, and the Confederacy still lives.
If the flag has a future, it's up to us. Such a goal is doable. In fact, good people all across the South are pursuing it as we speak. Take the case of Jack Kershaw, the redoubtable Southern patriot who sculptured the handsome Nathan Bedford Forrest monument that stands outside of Nashville. Or Michael Guthrie, the Virginia Military Institute graduate who, once that once-proud school caved into the gods of political correctness, started plans to build his own private, allmale Christian university, the Southern Military Institute. Consider also the various flag planting projects taking place in South Carolina, Florida, and Alabama. League of the South member L. J. Lowery started up the
successful South Carolina project (see Southern Patriot, July-Aug., 2000, page 4). In Alabama, Roger Broxton's Confederate Heritage Fund (RO. Box 771, Andalusia, Alabama 36420) hopes to duplicate the campaign started in the Palmetto State. All this includes some monument building, too. Not just Tennessee, but also Texas, Mississippi, and Alabama have seen new Confederate monuments constructed in their states in recent years. The Texas monument, I believe, was built in the East Texas town of Brenham. The townspeople also planned to fly the flag by the structure on certain Confederate holidays. When told of their plans, then-presidential candidate George W. Bush publicly expressed his opposition to the flag. Tough for him. Here's one little battle that Yankee Bush is going to lose. Finally, there has been the revival of annual marches and parades, such as the Jefferson Davis Day celebration in Montgomery.
This essay may sound like a fundraising appeal. Consider it, rather, a call to action. The Southern patriot movement is mostly a working class and middle class phenomenon; comprised of people whose bills include mortgage payments, insurance costs and college tuition, not to mention scores of unconstitutional taxes. Still, money is central to such efforts. If only 1,000 Southern patriots in each Southern state contributed $100 a year to a fund dedicated solely to flag and monument projects (such as the ones mentioned here) then that many more offensive operations could take place. But that would mean Southern men with iron in their blood. In other words, what Southern patriot would waste money on Northern-owned newspapers, junk food restaurants, or anti-Christian Hollywood movies? Giving up those three vices alone would account for a couple of hundred of dollars in savings a year.
Over one hundred years ago, the South was poor and supine, ravaged by war and reconstruction, the economic and political stepchildren of an emerging empire. And yet, the Southern people had the pietas and the will to embark on one of the great monument building projects in history. Today, the South is prosperous and content, its people wallowing in the same material world all Americans crave. Such Southerners remain indifferent to the evil, barbaric assaults on that same noble history. Whether flying more flags or building more monuments can shake the Southern people out of their decades-long slumber is an open question. For the rest of us, this is a matter of honour.
Mr Joe Scotchie is originally from North Carolina. He is a League of the South member, author of numerous books, and a regular writer for SE.
12 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Legends of the Redneck
(Continued from page one) by Sara Smith
I in the age of political correctness, it is considered
tolerable and even appropriate to ridicule Southerners,
especially rural, working class Southerners — to
generalize them as ignorant, unintelligent, eccentric,
crude, unattractive, lazy, racist, alcoholic, religious to
the point of absurdity, inbred, and prone to violent
behaviour. This is not to say that there are no rural
Southern people possessing these characteristics.
However, because it is repeatedly portrayed in literature
and the media, the redneck stereotype has grown into a
widespread myth which is accepted by many as
universal truth.
As with most myths that have remained prevalent
throughout the twentieth century, the stereotype has
been spread mainly through the media of film and
television. The typecast characters in movies or
television programs can be depicted in one of two ways:
negatively as “white trash” or in a comparatively
positive light, as “good country people.” The former is
used as a scapegoat on which to blame society’s ills.
Popular culture exonerates idealized “America” as a
whole by isolating the source of corruption to the rural South.
The assumed faults of this “white trash” group make it socially acceptable to condemn its way of life. The ominous and perverse side to country life has been portrayed in movies such as Deliverance and, more recently, Slingblade. Although not as intensely perverse as Deliverance, Slingblade is set in a town ridden with ignorant, alcoholic white trash. The protagonist, whose parents used Christianity to justify the murder of his newborn brother, certainly appears to be the most righteous adult in the picture. However, as a vengeful killer, even he displays a warped sense of morality. Other films show characters embodying a more deliberate corruption. This depravity appears through the theme of Southern religion in The Apostle, which features the proverbial cheating preacher, and through the theme of sheer violence in Natural Bom Killers, in which the white trash characters are nothing less than monsters.
A sharp contrast to the depravity of the demonic “white trash” portrayed in many films, the wholesome impression exuded by “good country people” is emphasized when society experiences anxiety about modem culture. People long to sec a return to tradition when they fear contemporary civilisation is moving
away from the past too quickly. Feeling nostalgic for, simpler time, society craves the down-home ratriwi family value laden, Cracker Barrel kitsch qualities of tte “good country people.” This archetype has appeared repeatedly in television shows throughout past decades
including The Andy Griffith Show and The Waltons. The characters in these shows, though backward and ignorant, are usually moral and good-natured, letting the viewers smile at their quaint old ways with a warm (yet condescending) attitude. Still other examples are shows such as The Dukes of Hazzard and The Beverly Hillbillies, which do not portray their characters in an entirely negative light, but show them as not quite able to keep up with normal standards. The Dukes are lawbreakers battling the corrupt Boss Hog, and the Beverly Hillbillies cannot move up the cultural ladder even after their socio-economic status has been advanced. Both shows contain sexy yet wholesome young women -Daisy and Ellie May are bimbos, yet remain wide-eyed
and innocent.
And so, primarily through movies and television, popular culture has disseminated two stereotypes embodying opposite poles. “White trash and good country people” manifest exaggerations of alleged traits found in rural working-class Southerners - traits that can be scorned or praised as society pleases, without regard to the falsehoods and oversimplifications they propagate.
The redneck phenomenon is still going strong into the twenty-first century. In the 90's we wtinessed the advent of Jeff Foxworthy, whose “you might be a redneck jokes have popularized the genre of redneck humor to the point that it appeals to nearly all audiences. It seems that a professing redneck mocking his own people is even more hilarious than ridicule from outside entities. In reality, Foxworthy comes from middle- to upper-class stock; he is no true “redneck.” This is further evidence that the joke is not founded on concrete truth. Another example of redneck humor is the popularity of TV series such as King of the Hill. Even though animated, this sitcom appears in some ways to be more realistic than other portrayals. Neither cute nor demonizing, it irreverently satirizes a wide range of society as well as a Texas family and their neighbors. However, although humorous and in some ways true to life, both Foxworthy and King of the Hill could be considered belittling to Southern culture because they enforce the myth.
These generalizations are inaccurate myths because they do not acknowledge the intricacies of a culture Every cultural group exhibits positive and negativ characteristics that form its identity, and every individual belonging to that group is unique. However, it is socially permissible to over-jgcncralize and discrimjnn|.r
13 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
against the “redneck” culture because one of its main distinctions - aversion to progress - excludes it from the mainstream of American thought. America has long been a nation obsessed with progress at all costs. Rural working class Southern culture, with its belief in moral absolutes, local allegiances, and strong familial bonds is by nature resistant to the Yankee vision of “progress.” Therefore it can be held responsible for the failure of progressive social policies - the South refuses to subscribe to this version of progress, therefore little “progress” has been made. Their unwillingness to adapt to the shifting norms of modem and postmodern society has made “rednecks” subjects of persecution and targets of blame. Because progressivism is fundamentally flawed, the need for a scapegoat will continue. The question is whether or not the South will continue to accept this role.
Miss Sara Smith is a fifth generation Floridian, an undergraduate student at Florida State University, and a member of the League of the South
fa CORRESPONDENCE fa
Reparations for Descendants of Confederates
The last issue of Southern Events stated that we would like to begin a dialogue on the issue of reparations for descendants of Confederates. We stated that we believe that reparations for blacks was a “done deal” and that both US political parties would assent to the idea within a short time.
Since reparations for blacks is a “given” we asked for letters or essays on the subject of reparations for descendants of Southern Confederates. A large number of people wrote us on why reparations for the descendants of slaves was a bad idea, but that was not what we asked for. Even if ethnic reparations as a concept is bad, perhaps one way to illustrate that fact would be to show what it would mean to extend the idea to all groups who might have a claim.
Ray F. Dively of Pennsylvania wrote Southern Events with some good points against reparations for blacks, including the fact that blacks under slavery in 1860 in the South actually had a higher standard of living than those blacks who live in Africa today.
But author David Horowitz has made the most compelling and complete arguments we have seen against reparations for blacks, presented in a “Bill-of-Rights” format, in the ad he has tried to place in various newspapers and on college campuses in the face of rabid opposition and strident censorship.
James Williamson said it was about time we took the
offensive. Gary Hearon of Alabama wrote to say that a better idea would be to “file a combined suit against all of the racist organisations such as the NAACP, SPLC, etc. ...that have gotten rich promoting hatred, race division and class discord, as well as persecuting Christian and Southern heritage organisations.” He went on to say that “no amount of money can come close to repaying Southerners for the terror, destruction, murders, rapes ... inflicted on us.”
John Moore, Cherokee and Alabama Confederate descendent, stated that if anyone deserved reparations, Native Americans did. Their case, he said, had the most documented, clear-cut proof. We agree. (Check out “Letter from the Trail of Tears” on page 50)
Advocates of reparations for blacks never suggest American Indian reparations, when everyone freely admits that the American Indians of all peoples have suffered the most as a result of US policy, and ought to be the “first in line” if reparations are given to anyone. This shows the real motive is not justice, but a political agenda for an “approved” client-minority, driven by the Afro-supremacist culture in which we live.(See p. 16) Since our last issue the League of the South has opened a petition on the web asking people who agreed with the idea of reparations for descendants of Confederates to sign it.
War crimes committed across the South from 1861 to the end of Reconstruction violated the US Constitution, the Law of Nations, and US Executive order #100. The private property of non-combatants was burned, stolen, and destroyed as a deliberate policy of invasion, conquest, and occupation. As General W. T. Sherman, himself said: “... about 20% of our effort [in Georgia and South Carolina] was against military objectives. The rest [80%] was sheer waste and destruction.”
To sign, go on-line to:
http://www.petitiononline.com/LoS/petition.html Also download the hard copy, print it out, and pass it around for signatures. Instructions of where to mail it in when complete are on the document. Go to: http://www.palmetto.org/Microsoft % 20 Word % 2 0- % 20Petition.pdf The League of the South will seek a compensatory program of justice for people of all races in the South who were subjected to the barbaric dispossession and destruction of the War of Northern Aggression. No “Marshall Plan” has ever been conceived or enacted for the occupied Confederacy. But all we ultimately want is freedom- SOUTHERN INDEPENDENCE. Thatis the only just recompense.
(Correspondence continued page 50)
Black Rage, White Guilt:
The Regime’s Demonization of ‘Whiteness’ by J. Michael Hill
In 1995 a young white father and husband, Michael Westerman of Kentucky, was shot to death by several black thugs because he flew a Confederate battleflag from his truck. There was no national outrage, and had it not been for various organisations within the Southern movement, there likely would have been no attention at all paid to this particularly ugly murder. As it turned out, we were branded “racists” by the media for daring to draw attention to the fact that the crime had racial overtones. Moreover, the U. S. Justice Department rushed into the area to investigate . . . cross burnings ostensibly prompted by Westerman’s murder. The Westerman family and the rest of us learned very quickly where we stood on the Federal totem pole.
Just recently, on the weekend of January 20, another such racial incident took place, though without, thank God, the serious consequences of death or injury. The South Carolina League of the South, in conjunction with Lee-Jackson day, held a recruiting meeting in Sumter County. At about 11:00 a.m., the attendees (including children) were treated to a drive-by shooting, courtesy of two disgruntled blacks. A local law enforcement officer hinted that such trouble could be avoided in the future by putting away those awful Confederate flags. Needless to say, there has been no outrage over this story in either the national or major state media in South Carolina. But can you imagine what the reaction might have been had the shoe been on the other foot and whites had shot up a black gathering, say, on MLK day?
To even the most casual observer of current events in America, it should be obvious that the Establishment regime is engaged in a concerted effort to foster black rage and white guilt. The goal of this not-so-subtle campaign is to undermine the founding principles of the old American Republic by vilifying as “racists” those white, Christian European-Americans who gave us our institutions and to dispossess their posterity—us.
“Whiteness” has become the source of all evil in the world, so says the unholy alliance of black race-hustlers and their white liberal allies. According to the highly acclaimed magazine Race Traitor (a publication of Harvard University’s W. E. B. DuBois African-American Studies Institute), “Treason to Whiteness is
Loyalty to Humanity.”
Race Traitor is symptomatic of the pervading antiwhite ideologies of the Left that now dominate the academy. For its part, the US Government supports
unrestricted Third World immigration, and hate-cZ legislation. Furthermore, the national media constant reinforce the perception that black (or colored) jj inherently good and that white is bad. Why, then, should we be surprised when most whites succumb to guilt over individual as well as “institutional racism?” The same message is constantly dinned into their ears: Since they are white— and white is synonymous with evil- they must be to blame for all black failures and shortcomings.
Nowhere is this attempt to incite black rage and to encourage white guilt more apparent than in the national media’s biased coverage of interracial crimes of violence. Few Americans could have avoided hearing about the 1998 dragging death of James Byrd, Jr., a black man from Jasper, Texas. In the eyes of the media elite, Byrd’s death at the hands of three white acquaintances was prima facie evidence that whites routinely commit awful crimes against innocent blacks.
But where were the national media in December 2000 when the Carr brothers (two blacks from Dodge City, Kansas) committed a quadruple murder against whites in Wichita. After breaking into the apartment of one of the victims and ransacking the place, they forced at gunpoint five whites—three men and two women to drive to a number of ATM machines and withdraw money. Afterwards, the victims were taken to a remote soccer field where the women were repeatedly raped. Then all five were made to kneel on the ground and were shot by their kidnappers. One white woman survived and later identified Reginald and Jonathan Carr as the perpetrators of a heinous crime that never made the national news. Local authorities claimed that race was no motive, despite the fact that the Carr brothers had been on a week long crime spree in which all their victims had
been white.
Unfortunately, the quadruple murder in Wichita has not been the only cover-up by the liberal national media of what can only be described as an epidemic of black-on-white violent crime. For instance, where were CNN and Fox News only a year earlier when three white Michigan teens were brutally assaulted by a gang of blacks after the former had hopped a train and landed in a black neighborhood? One of the whites, Michael Carter, aged 14, was killed. The other boy, Dustin Kaiser, was nearly beaten to death, while the lone white female was shot in the face after having been forced to perform oral sex on the perpetrators.
Why were the national media silent when in 1998 three black teens in Burlington, North Carolina, kidnapped, raped, and murdered 10-year-old Tiffan' I Jing (white)? Where was Peter Jenningg when TwJj
15 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Lange (white) was nearly beaten and stomped to death upon leaving a restaurant near Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, by a gang of blacks? And where was Tom Brokaw when Patricia Stansfield (white) of Streator, Illinois, died in August 1998 after being dragged for three miles behind a black driver’s automobile?
Why didn’t Ted Koppel tell us about Richard Skelton (white) of Wood River, Illinois, who was stomped to death in August 1998 by ten black men after he entered their neighborhood to retrieve a stolen television set?
Why did we not hear from Dan Rather about the adventures of one Donald Flagg (black), who in April 1998 raped Debra Puglisi (white) and shot and killed her husband in Newark, New Jersey? Flagg broke into the Puglisi home to lay in wait for Mrs. Puglisi, but was surprised by her husband. Flagg shot and killed him, and when Mrs. Puglisi arrived, he kidnapped her, took her to his own home, and repeatedly raped her before she managed to escape.
Where was The New York Times in August 1998 to tell us the story of Susan Raye Moore and Tracy Rose Lambert (both white) who were abducted as they left a nightclub in Cumberland County, North Carolina, by members of a black street gang? Both girls were found the next day in a field, shot to death, execution style, as part of a “Crips” gang initiation.
Why didn’t The Washington Post enlighten us about the fate of 10-year-old Lauren Relyen (white), who was dragged into a vacant lot near her home in Piscataway, NJ, raped repeatedly, and then beaten and stabbed to death and her body mutilated. The rapist and killer was a 24-year-old black man who said he hated all whites.
Why were we not told about Arthur Bomar (black), a repeat offender out on parole, who kidnapped 22-year-old college student Aimee Willard (white) in September 1997 in Philadelphia? Bomar purposely ran into Miss Willard’s automobile, and when she got out he beat her with a tire iron, raped her, and dumped her corpse in a nearby vacant lot. Where was the ever-vigilant Janet Reno when Laurie White (white) was found dead with an electrical cord wrapped around her neck after having been raped by a black man in Little Rock, Arkansas, in June 1997? And where was the national media when 25-year-old Missy McLaughlin (white) was abducted from her home in Charleston, South Carolina, in December 1992, by a carload of black males? Miss McLaughlin was driven to an all-black trailer park where she was systematically tortured and gang-raped. She was shot six times and dumped along US 78 outside of the city. One of her tormentors later confessed that he and his friends had killed their white victim because of “400 years of oppression.”
Adding to this list would be an easy task, but my point is made. The liberal-leftist media hide any evidence of black-on-white violent crime and conversely publicize any white-on-black crime in order to enrage blacks and to foster guilt in whites. But the truth is exactly the opposite of what the media moguls of Hollywood and New York wish to convey. The Department of Justice’s own crime statistics show that in 1993, for example, there were 1.54 million crimes of violence committed by blacks against whites. In stark contrast, the report revealed that in the same year whites (including Hispanics) committed only 187,000 violent crimes against blacks. When population figures are taken into account, blacks proved 50 times more likely to commit violent crimes against whites than vice-versa. Moreover, in 1994 some 20,000 white women were raped by black men as compared to only around 100 black women raped by white men. If the situation were reversed, the media and politicians of both parties would dub it a national crisis.
Recently in my hometown of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, a black organisation at the University of Alabama sponsored an event on campus denouncing the rising epidemic of black-on-black crime. I could not help but wonder just what sort of reception the media would afford a group of white students decrying white-on-white crime (or God forbid, the epidemic of black-on-white crime)? The fact that blacks are praised for calling attention to the issue of intra-racial crime in their own neighbourhoods, but are never chided for ignoring black-on-white crime, sends whites a clear message: “we are the victims, not you; and besides, whitey, you’re just getting your just desserts for all the evils you’ve perpetrated all these years against people of colour. Get over it!” What is shameful (and frankly a bit puzzling since most of them are white themselves) is that the media continue to give cover to the lie.
I have heard liberals excuse the perpetration of falsehoods about black-on-white crime by saying that telling the truth about black behaviour would only give ammunition to white “racists.” But, conversely, we must question what sort of ammunition is being given to black “racists” by the media’s skewed coverage of interracial crimes?
On the one hand, each highly publicized white-on-black murder is used to convince blacks that any action, however violent and immoral, against the “evil” white man is morally justifiable (remember the mantra “by whatever means necessary”?). On the other, every violent crime committed by whites against blacks is used to further reinforce collective guilt among an easily browbeaten white population. Simply put, this is the
Living Under a Black Supremacist Regime
Debunking Critical Race Theory
game plan of the multicultural imperialist regime in America today. Unfortunately for whites, the plan is being successfully worked to dispossess them of their legal rights and ultimately of their will to resist.
Some whites, however, are beginning to speak openly about the undeniable racial double standard that exists in modem America. They know that the Jesse Jacksons and A1 Sharptons of the world are nothing but vile race hustlers and that “institutional racism” is merely an excuse to mask black failure and to justify lawless and aggressive behaviour against “white oppressors.” Whites are also beginning to understand the seriousness of statements such as the one from Rev. James Cone, a chief proponent of Black Liberation Theology: “What we need is the destruction of whiteness, which is the source of human misery in the world.” All in all, I’d say that the leftist agenda on race is pretty clear. The question is, what are we white traditionalists going to do about it?
Dr Michael Hill is the president of the League of the South. His home is in Tuscaloosa, Alabama
Hines Real Estate
James S. Hines, Broker
Specializing in large land tracts
(334)875-1990 705 Alabama Avenue P O Box 464
Selma, Alabama 36702
Review of: Beyond	All Reason: The Radical
Assault on Truth in American Law
by Daniel Farber and Suzanna Sherry, New York Oxford University Press, 194 pages, $25.00
by Nat Rudulph
Huey R Long once was asked whether he thought fascism could ever come to America. He said. “Yeah, but it’ll come calling itself anti-fascism.” Long is an interesting study in his own right, but the remark was an astute observation from ‘the Kingfish.’
In the promotional material (read “fund-raising”) of so-called “Watchdog” groups like the SPLC, the carefully crafted self-image is one of heroic guardians preventing the imminent uprising of a vast fascist army of white supremacist hate-mongers. Yet these very groups appear more likely to be the agents of a different and more subtle fascism — one which already controls our culture - black supremacy.
Before you scoff at the idea, think about the meaning of this fact: blacks can libel, slander, or distort with impunity any facet of anyone else’s culture or history, but no one can get away with attacking black icons.
We live in a culture of black supremacy, but this fact goes unrecognized. No one may speak of it.
Understand that racial “supremacy” does not necessarily mean a belief in racial superiority. It simply means the conviction that a particular race should occupy a favoured status, a “supreme” position. This status dictates and qualifies all speech and law.
If you were to go out on the public street any day and mock Jesus Christ at the top of your lungs you would be defended on the basis of freedom of speech. But if you were to do the same thing, only using the name of Martin Luther King, you would soon find out who really has the trappings of deity, and who the racial “supremacists” really are. You would discover whose icons cannot be tampered with, and which ethnic group has the elite status de facto of, a “super-race”.
This means in practical terms that rules and laws, and basic concepts as simple as ‘fairness’, or the freedom of speech, are trumped by the race card. Not just any race card, but the black race card. Laws and rules thought to apply to everyone equally, do not. A person belonging to the favoured race does not have to follow the rules that everyone else must follow.
Winter/Spring 2001
Farber and Sherry in Beyond All Reason do not so much as mention black supremacy, but what they do scrutinize, the Critical Race Theory, is the basis for Afro-supremacy in the legal world - the neo-fascism that calls itself “anti-fascism.”
Daniel A. Farber and Suzanna Sherry are two liberal law professors of the University of Minnesota. They have received nothing but calumny from critics for their efforts, because, as more akin to classic liberals than leftist-liberals, they dare to identify the real neo-fascism: “It is no surprise that the end product of radical multiculturalism has affinities with totalitarianism.” The Critical Race Theory, they say, defies common sense and abandons intellectual principles for the singular purpose of promoting the political standing of one race over the others.
CRT is based on the postmodernist concept that there is no such thing as objective reality in the sense that has been traditionally understood. Instead, critical race theorists say, there are competing race-based versions of reality which may never be compatible. In their view, current descriptions of reality, and all claims of objectivity are hopelessly tainted and subjective because they are merely constructs which support and reinforce domination by the white male.
Critical race theorists say that because few whites will ever be able to see things as blacks do, real justice is not something that is subject to objectivity.
Professor Kimberle Crenshaw of the UCLA Law School, expounding on CRT, said “Most people think law is being neutral if it doesn't say anything explicit about race, but it is not usually neutral, it is simply facilitating whatever power relationships were in existence when the law was put in place.”
“Merit” has no meaning in the world of CRT. All criteria of success are considered social constructions, not unbiased measurements, and in our society are constructed by, and favour straight white males. In other words, our ideas of “success” are defined by white males and are nothing more than a prejudiced standard favouring white males.
For example, a proponent of CRT would say that the reason the average score of blacks on IQ tests is 15 points below the white average is because the tests have a built in cultural bias favouring whites.
But Farber and Sherry argue that the success of Jews and Asians in the dominant white culture undermines that thesis. Jews and Orientals as groups both average higher IQ test scores than whites on tests that are designed by whites. Both groups are also disproportionately successful in the same white culture that supposedly suppresses minorities.___________________
Advocates of CRT say “storytelling” is the way to challenge the dominant white versions of reality. What this means is that stories which cannot be proven or verified, and cannot be subjected to examination, are called anecdotal “proof’. An “alternative” reality.
One may participate in this kind of postmodernist expression in art by dropping water balloons of paint off a building onto a canvas, and declaring it is art, because, “we artists say it is”— or because I say it is. It is within my observer-created reality of great art. Your criticism of my art is not valid because your view is not objective, but merely a self-serving observation.
A CRT position:
“Words and language are not a mere assemblage of cliches or conceptual archetypes: they serve as an organ of collective perception. And metaphor is the matrix of all verbal activity. The media of the last century and a half have rendered written codes obsolete...”
So, reality is very fluid. The past means nothing, and there are no transcendent principles, but rather, all meaning is in my experience(or our Afro-Supremacist experience), and whatever I say it is.
Some CRT proponents say that what really happened in a particular incident is no more important than what people feel happened. For example, some argue that even though Tawana Brawley lied about being raped in 1987 by a gang of white men (one with a badge), her story is still legitimate because it offers truths about the oppression of black women.
Professor Patricia Williams of Columbia University Law School wrote in The Alchemy of Race and Rights (Harvard, 1991) that it was inconsequential whether or not Brawley had invented her account. The teenager, she wrote, was the victim “no matter who did it to her— and even if she did it to herself.... Her condition was clearly the expression of some crime against her ... Tawana’s terrible story has every black woman’s worst fears and experiences wrapped into it.”
L. C. Cook, of Georgetown, the author of The Least of These (Routledge, 1997), said that even if Brawley’s story was not accurate, it had significance because it accurately represented black women’s collective fear of racial and sexual mistreatment.
Susan Smith in South Carolina and Charles Stuart in Boston were whites who falsely blamed black men for atrocious crimes they had committed themselves. Do they tell the story of white fear of black crime?
Cook said that the Stuart and Smith events were far less valid than Ms. Brawley’s because hers represents a story from an oppressed class.
If any white stated that a white woman’s faked rape story accusing black men was somehow justified.
18 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
because of the oppressive fear of oversexed black men, they would be ostracized from society, and possibly prosecuted for inciting a ‘hate* crime.
This is because the “victim” status is carefully maintained by black supremacists to keep a fair standard from being applied across the board. They keep the upper hand and defy objective scrutiny by manipulation through guilt, and the CRT is the legal justification of it.
Critical Race Theory assumes that African-Americans cannot be racists because of their unique history of oppression, and because they live in a dominant white society. For a black to prefer blacks is not “racist” in this convoluted logic, but for a white to prefer whites is “racist.” It elevates blacks to an elite, “supreme” status, exempt from the same measures to which everyone else must submit
It is said that black people cannot be forced to fit into the white mould of law, of justice, of reason and logic. The white man’s logic and reason, and the white man’s law and justice, is not sufficient to give them justice.
This is why words like racism and tolerance have lost meaning, because they are used subjectively, and for the furtherance of one particular group’s agenda, not for the purpose of objective truth and justice.
In Farber’s opinion, the most troubling problem with CRT is the intolerance of dissent. Critics are dismissed as either servants of an existing power structure or as suffering from false consciousness. This means the CRT advocates cannot be required to justify their positions or to give a reasonable response to criticism.
Professor Sherry said, “Critical Race Theory denies objective reality and the problem with denying objective reality, is that there is no way of mediating among the competing perceptions of reality except power. And what they ultimately want is more power for their perceptions.”
This gets to the heart of the matter- for these radicals there is no objective truth or absolute standards, no right or wrong, but only “the will to power”.
David Horowitz, a Leftist radical in the 60s, now a neo-conservative, and one of the leaders in the fight against reparations for blacks, says in his book Hating Whitey, and Other Progressive Causes:
“The most powerful intellectual influences in the academy derive from the intellectual traditions of Marxism and European fascism. Identity politics coupled with fashionable Nietzschean cliches about the will to power, form the core of current ideological fashions among campus radicals. ... A schism has developed within the left... . between the “identity racialists and “postmodern” irrationalists on the one hand and an older generation of *neo-Enlightenment’
leftists .... In the ideological war zone___the new
identity politics rule. And identity politics, based on racial and gender categories, and on nihilistic assumptions that power is all, culminate in a posture in which the rules of civility and democratic process, not to mention the principles of academic freedom, are dismissed as so much social mystification. Objectivity, reason, color-neutrality, and truth are illusions that obstruct the coming social redemption. This is the stuff totalitarian dreams are made of.”
Indeed, the assumption that “power is all” was used to degrade mercy, pervert virtue, and dull the sensibilities of those doing the “dirty work” in fascist totalitarianism. Critical Race Theory and Nazism have this in common: Their metaphysical foundation is subjectivist, the “will to power” drowns all ideas of right and wrong, and race is the ultimate “trump card.”
They are both based on Postmodernist assumptions, while Communism, Socialism, and most social reform movements have been largely based on Modernist assumptions. The Modernist philosophies rely on the Reason and universalism of the Enlightenment. The Postmodernists are anti-reason and generally anti-universalist. Both Modernists and Postmodernists presume the absolute autonomy of man.
The idea of ‘autonomous man’ assumes that man is alone and independent in the universe, and that he is not subject to any “Creator”, or higher force. The most popular phrase of the French Revolution was that “Man is the Sovereign of the earth and Reason is the legislator of the universe.”
While the Modernist philosophies hold to certain universals, and a common unity and perception among humanity, the Postmodernist denies all of that. Reality itself is subjective.
Farber and Sherry are careful to qualify their critique by giving some praise to one “strand” of CRT, which they call the “reconstructive strand,” as opposed to the “deconstructive strand.” They mention Lani Guinier as an example of the reconstructive.
They go on to ask, “Is there any room for a debate between (the radicals)... and the mainstream about the nature of law, truth, and merit?”
There is no room for it because the radicals have rejected logic itself, a requirement for debate. But even if it were we can be sure where it will lead, because the beginning assumption about man’s absolute autonomy will always lead to the same conclusion in the end. Objectivity and truth itself will be undermined.
This battle is really about the nature of truth and knowledge. Farber and Sherry see this, but not in all it’s implications. Some of the concepts embraced at the time
19 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
of the Enlightenment, particularly the idea of “autonomous man,” has led to the philosophical “slippery slope” which they now disdain.
At the time of the Enlightenment, we moved as a civilisation from the classical position to empiricism.
Empiricism says that sensory experience is the only source of knowledge, and that we can know ‘truth’ by reason alone. But this was put forth within a framework which acknowledged “nature’s God.”
What has happened is that the empiricism of the Enlightenment has, once divorced of “nature’s God,” assumed that man is capable of full and all knowledge.
When logically expanded, this naturalistic empiricism degenerates into relativism, it must do so, because it denies transcendent truth as well as transcendent law. Relativism says that what is right in one circumstance may not be right in another. While this idea has validity in certain applications, it is not true in a universal or unlimited way.
Subjectivism extends the thinking one more step and says “there is no distinction between being right and believing you are right” or between something being true and believing something to be true.
When this position is carried to it’s logical end, it goes beyond just saying there is no absolute, for it begins to eat up truth as well as right and wrong. It progresses from the premise that there is no transcendent law to the conclusion that there is no transcendent truth.
If man is all there is, then he alone measures and finds all truth. Once we have accepted that idea, the next step is that not only “right and wrong” and abstract truth, but even things such as observations of nature and mathematics are unalterably subjective.
If man is all there is, he does not merely discover truth and define it, he creates it by defining it. Then the natural realm itself, observable nature, will also come under scrutiny, so that all is that is left in certainty is the subjective — the observer. The Autonomous Man is alone in an observer-created reality.
This leaves a gaping philosophical hole, and Nietzsche filled it with “the will to power.” If there is no right and wrong, and no truth other than my subjective truth, then all that is left is the naked will to power. And my struggle for that power is right because it is mine: Mein Kampf.
This idea empowered Nazism, it makes the Critical Race Theory possible, and it has made Afro-supremacy a fact of our “American” culture. It is the Fascism which calls itself Anti-Fascism.
Mr Nat Rudulph is the editor of Southern Events.
Real Victims of Black Supremacy
We heard much about the dragging death of James Byrd, but did we hear of any of these acts on national news? They’re just a sample of the occurrences in 1998-99, like those mentioned by Michael Hill in his article on page 14, BLACK RAGE, WHITE GUILT.
+ + +
Two Black Men Beat Handicapped White Man To Death in Racially-Motivated Attack.
September 5,1999 Associated Press Terrence McCray, 18, and Ledell Lawrence, 20, with unknown accomplices, beat, kicked and stomped Gregory Griffith, 50, who was mentally handicapped, until he was unconscious. Griffith died Aug. 26 at University Medical Center. McCray and Lawrence told police they were with a group of other Black men who decided to beat Griffith “because he was White.” They agreed to attack the next White person that walked down the street, and Griffith was the next to pass by.
Black Mob Lynches Two Whites.
October 19,1999 Post and Courier A mob of more than a dozen Blacks attacked Troy Knapp, 35, and Gary Thornburg, 34, both White, near Bexley Street and South Rhett Avenue, North Charleston police said. Knapp's cousin-in-law, the Rev. Jack Turner, said Knapp is in a coma. The arrests included four 16-year-old North Charleston High School students and one 14-year-old Alice Burney Middle School student. Two adults, Lafayette Knots, 21, and Ivan Brown, 20, both of North Charleston, also were arrested. The seven suspects were charged with two counts of second-degree lynching, which is an act of violence inflicted by a mob. Witnesses told Knapp’s family that someone in a group of people was heard saying: “Yeah, we are going to get us a white boy.” Former Black NFL Player Charged in Ritual Murder of White Man - Admitted 7 Other Killings. March 22,1999 Miami Herald Former NFL player, Robert Rozier, who later admitted to killing several people in Florida with a black supremacist cult, was charged in Newark with the 1984 sacrificial slaying of a homeless white man. Rozier, 43, is the second person to be charged with the stabbing death of Attilio Cicala, who was found stabbed 8 times in the chest and abdomen outside the cult's temple in Newark. Rozier admitted to another 7 killings and was sentenced to 22 years in prison.
Rozier was a dedicated member of the Florida-based Yaweh Ben Yaweh cult, which, during the 1980s,
20 Southern Events
Winter/S
ritually tortured, raped, and murdered numerous White men and women and is suspected of many more racial killings including children.
Black Man Shoots Two White Co-workers, Kills One in Racially Motivated Attack.
November 22,1999 Reuters A black immigrant who went on a shooting spree at a parking lot outside Kansas City International Airport on Saturday, killing one person before committing suicide, was motivated by anger against white people, according to writings he left. Neuss Zeleke, 37, shot two white co-workers on Saturday morning before killing himself with a shot to the head. One of the co-workers died and another was critically injured. All three worked at The Parking Spot, a remote parking lot running shuttles to and from the airport.
Elderly White Woman Dies After Being Knocked Down By Black Woman in Racial Incident September 16,1999 Associated Press In West Palm Beach, Fla a woman is charged with murder over greeting— A black woman who knocked an elderly white neighbour to the ground and mooned her for not responding to her "good afternoon" was charged with murder after the victim had a heart attack and died. Joelle O'Neill, 41, got angry at Julia Osmun, 65, authorities said. O'Neill, who is black, and Osmun, who was white, also exchanged racial slurs.
Black Gang Murders White Couple July 16,1999 American-Statesman Chris Vialva, 19, and Brandon Bernard, 18, and two other Black juveniles murdered an Iowa couple, Todd Bagley, 26, and his wife, Stacie, 28, on June 21, shooting them in the head and setting fire to their car with the Bagleys locked inside the trunk. The attack was racially motivated according to police.
Black Truck Driver Molests, Suffocates and Leaves Eight-year-old White Boy for Dead February 24, 1999 Pittsburgh Tribune-Review Carlitos Bell, 30, who lived near San Antonio, pleaded no contest to sexually assaulting the white youngster and attempting to kill him by throwing him unconscious and naked from his truck along Interstate 79 near Bridgeville, Pa. in 23-degree weather.
Aw.Shucks!
Your best source for SOUTHERN News
http://www.shucks.net/
itigcfiett
Journal
P.O. Box 628 Edgefield, SC. 29824
Subscribe to a REAL Southern-Owned, South-Loving Newspaper
An independent newspaper believing in the cause of constitutional government. Send $12.00 for 1 year, and $24.00 for 2 years. Include your name, address, and zip code.
Clip & Mail
Name
Address

21 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
War for What?
Review of: When In The Course of
Human Events: Arguing the
Case for Southern Secession, by Charles Adams. Lanham, MD: Rowan & Littlefield Publishers, Inc., 2000. 255 pages. $24.95.
by Joe Scotchie
As soon as it was published. When In The Course of Human Events received enthusiastic praise from critics any Southern Events reader would trust; among them, Clyde Wilson, Lew Rockwell, Michael Hill, and Donald Livingston. Believe the hype. This 255-page volume shoots straight to the top as a classic piece of War Between the States literature.
Mr. Adams's non-partisan study settles, once and for all, the causes of the war, and in doing so, vindicates the rightness of the South's actions. In short, both secession and the subsequent war happened for economic reasons. As Mel Bradford has pointed out, the growing religious divide between North and South also played a role in the latter's bid to seek independence. However, it was the tariff issue that proved decisive. By the mid-1800s, some tariffs existed to protect northern industries. Others were punitive in nature; they forced mostly agrarian Southerners to pay high consumer costs, the result of which would only aid northern industries and infrastructure. Southerners also needed to exchange their land products (tobacco, rice, cotton) for manufactured goods from Europe. Otherwise, profits from such land products would sink. High tariffs prevented such exchan es. Recall that as early as 1828, the "tariff of abominations" nearly forced South Carolina to leave the Union. By 1860, the entire lower South had seen enough unfair taxation. The final straw came when the avowed pro-tariff Republicans were voted into power. And so, seven sparselypopulated states peacefully seceded.
Criticism of Lincoln's regime is hardly new. Still, Mr. Adams's portrait of an American-style tyranny is particularly gripping. An entire chapter is devoted to Lincoln's bullying measures: shutting down opposition newspapers, jailing dissenting lawmakers, using the military to ensure a pro-Union victory in the Maryland elections, plus the summoning of a militia, the building of an army, and the blockade of southern ports—all done while Congress was out of session. Not even the great Mel Bradford said it better than Mr. Adam has.
The book, as noted, is non-partisan. As such, northern grievances are also addressed. The new Confederacy quickly declared itself to be a freetrade nation. Such a
free trade zone did pose an economic threat to the developing urban centers of the Northeast and Midwest. On the other hand, the rural Midwest saw no threat from that same free trade landmass. Furthermore, as Tom DiLorenzo has discovered, numerous northern newspapers eloquently defended the right of secession-even within the boundaries of the US. The great question: Was the free-trade South enough of an economic threat to the North so as to warrant full-scale war? Mr. Adams answers with a resounding No. Both sides had their share of hotheads; both also, had their statesmen. A peaceful settlement should have been reached over any economic disputes. After all, the mid-South states wished to stay in the Union. They had no desire to go to war with their Deep South brethren. Such was also true for the vast majority of the citizens in the Upper Sixteen. The Confederacy, Mr. Adams acknowledges, erred badly by falling for Mr. Lincoln's bluff and firing on Fort Sumter. But Lincoln’s call for 75,000 volunteers to put down "the rebellion" in the South was far more sinister. No one had died at Fort Sumter. The whole thing amounted to a rather harmless fireworks display. However, the mid-South could not join in a bloody crusade against the Confederacy. An enormous tragedy- one whose repercussions included not just the destruction of the old Republic and the rise of an America empire, but eventually, the total warfare of World Wars I and II - was now unavoidable.
When In the Course of Human Events explodes the two greatest lies in American history. One, that the war was fought over slavery; secondly, that the South's secession represented a threat to the American Union. Lincoln worried aloud where his revenue would come from now that secession had taken place. Hence, the decision to go to war, one heartily encouraged and supported by northern industrialists and other money men on Wall Street and elsewhere. Furthermore, folks in such warm weather states as South Carolina and Alabama were not going to march right into cold, windy Philadelphia or Chicago. Naively, as it turned out, the South only wanted to be left alone. Without war, life would have gone on peacefully for people in both the North and South. However, a certain individual in the White House would not allow it. One gets the feeling that if it were not for the tax issue, Lincoln would have found another reason to go to war.
Of the thousands of books written on the war, Mr. Adams’s contribution stands with elite company. The reliance on periodicals of the day, especially British journals, makes his scholarship even more noteworthy. Buy the book, read it, memorize its main themes, and take them with you into the battles ahead.
Top 10 Unfair Slams Against the League of the
South!
10. The League of the South is just a bunch of extreme right-wingers.
Self-government and the peaceful devolution of power are not the sole property of any philosophy. Politics is no longer a matter of left and right; the issue today is local versus leviathan. Leftists and libertarians also support the idea of local self-government. The Green Platform calls for decentralisation.
“In hindsight, a confederal model would have been a wiser choice than the federal model whenever modem states were formed by the merging of ancient nations. In that way, ethnic and regional identity could have been formally honoured. Instead, the domination and elimination of difference has resulted in patterns of persecution and loss played out over generations.”
-Charlene Spretnak, The Resurgence of the Real (1997) 9. The League of the South is advocating outmoded ideas about government
What’s outmoded is the centralised nation-state, which saw its most extreme expression in Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union. When information and power could only be put to use by the privileged few, it may have made sense to centralise power and try to control everything-the old factory model of government. That model has worn itself out, and has taken many lives and resources along with it.
“History is rushing past the American nation-state model of balance of powers that evolved from mechanistic Newtonian physics. Fading too is the 20th-century Machine Age model of command and control that followed. Instead, we’ve seen quantum physics, ever-deepening levels of biology and now the digital revolution, undermine hierarchies and the old supremacy of local, state, and even national boundaries.”
-Neal Pierce, nationally syndicated columnist “The time is right for citi-state regions” 8 January, 2000 8. The resurgence of Southern nationalism can only lead to an anti-democratic system of government.
The most democratic countries in the world are the smallest, such as Switzerland. It is the large nationstates that impose autocratic rule in order to hold together peoples whose cultural values conflict, such as India, Brazil, and Communist China. Shared cultural values are essential to democratic principles._
Winter/Spring 2001
“Democracy has always emerged in distinct communities; there is no record anywhere of free, unconnected, and calculating individuals coming together spontaneously to form a democratic social contract ex nihilo. Whether we like it or not, nationalism is the historical force that has provided the political units for democratic government. ‘Nation’ is another name for ‘we the people’.”
-Ghia Nodia, Univ. of Tbilisi, Republic of Georgia 7. Southern Nationalism is only a crutch. Individualism frees people from the need to belong.
“Man is a political animal,” said Aristotle. The Bible tells us, “It is not good that man should be alone.” There is nothing more natural than loving your own people; it is a human need that will last as long as people. Modem individualism, which stresses things more than human ties, is creating an alienated empire of neurotics.
“Nation can be one aspect of identity that enhances our sense of self, adds to the enjoyment of difference, increases our possibility for participation in public life, and enriches the world community.”
-Lynne Jones, psychiatrist, States of Change: A Central European Diary
6. States Rights is a discredited, racist political philosophy.
This is a variation of the argument that the Confederate Battle Flag is nothing but a racist symbol. The argument goes like this:
1	- States Rights was used to resist Federal Civil Rights laws.
2	- Federal Civil Rights laws gave helpless African-Americans a better life.
3	- Therefore, States Rights is forever associated with keeping African-Americans down.
Even if we take this thinking at face value, it just doesn't work. Hitler came to power through democratic elections in the Weimar Republic. Does the Nazi experience defile republican government? Any system of government can be misused, even local self-government, though it wields less power and therefore cannot match the destructive capabilities of the centralised nation-state (See Holocaust).
5. We need the protection and resources of the Federal Government.
If you believe that, please consider the following:
Washington has unconstitutionally gobbled up much of the autonomy of the States, which has led to a centralisation of power and all the problems associated with a self-serving, out-of-touch ruling class. From 1997 to 1999, the number of lobbyists in Washington increased by 37% to more than 20,000, resulting in more than 38 lobbyists for each member of Congress.
23 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Global terrorism creates enemies. In Guatemala, the CIA trained, outfitted, and supplied the Guatemalan army in its genocidal war against Mayan villagers during the 1980s. Over 200,000 Mayans were killed in one of the hemisphere’s worst acts of genocide.
Bombings in Afghanistan, Sudan - These reckless acts are the direct result of an all-powerful, out-of-control Federal bully. In August, 1998, Clinton ordered the sneak bombing of a Sudanese plant he claimed was making weapons. He later admitted that it was making medicine instead, and has agreed to pay for the damage. However, this was not an ordinary mistake; it was the inevitable result of Constitutional controls being bypassed. Clinton’s use of Executive Orders created an Imperial Presidency. Four of the five members of the Joint Chiefs, as well as FBI director Louis Freeh, were excluded from the decision to drop bombs without a declaration of war or ascertaining the facts. The significance of this irresponsible, immoral invasion is that the Federal government believes it can act as judge, jury, and executioner, as it has also done in Kosovo, Waco, and Ruby Ridge. With the legacy of past and ongoing reckless imperial adventures taking innocent lives and destroying property all over the world, we can be certain that American global terrorism will incite more terrorist attacks against us. Again, the Empire increasingly costs more than it is worth. Its alleged benefits, security and prosperity, are actually threatened by its very size and unpredictability.
“Armed with these monopolies of power and influence, the US government in the last century and a half has crowded out private associations internally, eating our their substance with taxes and attempting to control every aspect of private life, while committing wholesle slaughter internationally. As a source of social chaos, economic impoverishment, and global bloodshed, nothing holds a candle to what the Clinton administraton calls the ‘indispensable nation.’”
-Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.
4. An energetic, activist Federal Government is the best friend of minority groups.
History teaches us otherwise. The two worst mass exterminations in the 20th century were committed in the Soviet Union and Communist China, at 62 million and 35 million respectively. Both were founded on the notion of equality and the universal rights of man.
“Decent Americans are paving the road to tyranny just as the Germans did. In the name of one social objective or another, we are creating what the Constitution’s Framers feared - concentration of power in Washington and the creation of a superstate. You say, ‘Williams, what happened in Germany could never happen here.’
I’m betting that Germans who lived in the Weimar Republic would have said the same thing.”
-Walter Williams, nationally syndicated columnist 3. The League of the South's resistance to Civil Rights groups proves its ill intentions to blacks.
We oppose the Civil Rights leadership that serves the statist/liberal elite. This leadership is corrupt and exploitative, and worse, the Civil Rights Myth functions to justify and perpetuate centralised power. Just as the Communists justified their crimes with lurid tales of capitalist exploitation, the Civil Rights elite frighten dissidents into submission with the myth of the Federal Government as the saviour of black people. Indeed, the truth is that the centralisation of power in Washington, DC made possible the paternalistic programs that diminished black initiative, the cohesiveness of the black family, and the natural harmony in black communities.
“The Civil Rights Act of 1964 represented no acceleration in trends that had been going on for many years. There have also been some retrogressions over the past generation, in some respects- notably crime and teenage pregnancy. Although political and legalistic activities are automatically credited with the advancement of minorities, neither is even questioned as a possible cause of the retrogressions, despite the role of ‘civil rights’ organisations in the promotion of welfare and their role in the easing of crime control, epitomised by the NAACP Legal Defence Fund’s leading role in opposing the death penalty.”
-Thomas Sowell, Civil Rights 2. The League of the South is advocating an impractical agenda.
Actually, devolving power back to the States would solve countless problems. For example, campaign finance reform is impossible within the present system. Washington DC has become a playpen for power brokers; the more resources they take from us, the more they have to hand out to donors and lobbyists. The sheer overhead of the Federal bureaucracy is making us less competitive in the global economy.
And the number one unfair slam against the League of the South is ...
1. No matter what its members say, it's really a racist organisation!
That would be a real shock to Murray Rothbard, who was Jewish, one of the League’s charter members. Or to H. K. Edgerton, or J. J. Johnson, or any other of our black friends and supporters who are tired of the Civil Rights industry’s constant divisiveness.
This article was reprinted from the North Carolina League of the South website: http://www.tarheells.com/
Patrolling the Cliffs
(Cont. from page 1) by Mike Tuggle
Increasingly victimised by corporations and government, the Indians formed the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador. As a minority, making up only one-third of Ecuador’s population, the native Indians crafted a political agenda that would protect their culture and also provide various mainstream groups with a vehicle for advancing their own interests. Here's how the Washington Post described this unusual coalition:
"For much of Ecuador's history, its Indians generally shunned politics. Indigenous leaders thought their cause was better served by ignoring a political system that for decades had ignored them. The people of Ecuador's eleven indigenous groups also believed that embracing politics would force them to tamp down their ethnic identity. All that changed in 1996, when indigenous leaders decided to create a political party that would include other marginalized Ecuadorians: women, ecologists, human rights activists, Christians, community associations. "We decided that we wouldn't just fight for our issues," siad Nina Pacari, a member of the national legislature. "We decided to fight for issues that affected all of society."
The native Indian's Confederation provided a cultural basis for a wide range of political, economic, ecological, and social goals that the umbrella political party, Pachakutik, adopted as its platform. Apparently, the foundation the native Indians supplied was sufficiently durable to withstand numerous attacks from the ruling elite, who tried unsuccessfully to break up this ambitious coalition. A forged document supposedly signed by a Confederation leader called for "death to the mestizos," the majority ethnic group in Ecuador. The Pachakutik coalition reacted by doing something unthinkable: they conducted an umbiased enquiry instead of hurling accusations at other coalition members. The document was quickly proved a forgery.
Some television stations tried to provoke dissent among the indigenous groups by giving air time to certain self-promoting personalities who did not represent anyone in order to highlight differences and open wounds, but this did not work, either. Pachakutik maintains an effective communication system among coalition members that deals quickly with internal issues.
By assisting their partners with their separate, though compatible agendas, the Confederation managed to attain may of its own goals. In 1998, through an intense
Winter/Spring 2001
campaign of meetings with legislators, letter writing, politicking by their own party members within the legislature, and street protests, the Ecuadorian constitution was amended to allow the native Indians the right to teach their native languages and history (!!!) in the public schools, to have their cultural traditions protected, and to enjoy equal protection under the law. At street rallies, the Confederation members waved their tribal emblems and flags, while other constituent members of Pachakutik carried the Ecuadorian flag.
Sociologist Alejandro Moreano told one Ecuadorian reporter that the agreements that resulted from the protests were only of secondary importance to the Confederation's cause. The biggest triumph, he said, was that Ecuador's indigenous movement once again demonstrated that it was alive and well, and was thinking in broad terms, with a united vision. Moreano's assessment of the Confederation's core group could easily be said of Southerners: "The Indian peoples constitute a social and ethical force, which is the basis of our history, the imagery and artistic forms of which impregnate the cultural practices of broad sectors of the Ecuadorean nation, and are a decisive factor in the preservation of the identity and future of Ecuador." George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Flannery O'Connor, and Audie Murphy come quickly to mind when discussing the position of Southerners and their cultural contributions to the American identity.
Even more impressive was the Confederation's success against their worst enemy. President Jamil Mahuad. Mahuad enjoyed the support of his country's business leaders, and of the US. The US Institute of Peace honoured Mahuad for his peace negotiations with then-president Fujimori of Peru. When Mahuad attempted to replace Ecuador's own currency, the sucre, with the American dollar, native and populist anger overflowed, and Pachakutik demanded his resignation. The Organisation of American States issued a hand-wringing resolution noting that Mahuad had been "democratically elected," and that the OAS know-it-alls were "deeply concerned over the political events in Ecuador that subvert the constitutional system of government." They concluded that they would continue to support Mahuad, and even tossed in some lavish praise for his efforts toward "economic integration in support of democratic institutions."
Despite this support, Mahuad resigned in January, 2000 as street demonstrations led by Pachakutik spiraled beyond the government's ability to control them. One political analyst observed, "The indigenous movement in Ecuador has shown its power. They've shown that they can throw a president out of office if they want to,
25 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
and they can do it again."
The native Indians succeeded because they established footholds of power within the existing power structure. In the past, the Indians had clashed with agricultural and oil workers. By allying themselves with them, as well as other disaffected groups within mainstream Ecuadorian society, the Indians used their footholds as pressure points for changing the system. The Ecuadorian Indians are worthy of extended study because they provide a recent illustration of a phenomenon that has worked before. Historian Orlando Figes described the dual approach of successful nationalist movements in Eastern Europe:
The main ethnic conflict also tended to run along social lines: Estonian and Latvian peasants against the German and Russian landlords and peasants; Kazakh and Kirgiz pastoralists against Russian farmers; and so on. Parties which appealed exclusively to nationalism effectively deprived themselves of mass support; whereas those which successfully combined the national with the social struggle had an almost unstoppable democratic force. Nationalism was a means of human liberation from oppression and foreign domination.
The Southern movement can and must learn from such examples. To do so, we need to survey the political geography to identify potential strategic partners in pursuing desirable social and political goals. Some groups will be more beneficial to us than others. Obviously, we want nothing to do with groups that steal our flag and dishonour it; clearly, nazis and klansmen can only harm the Cause by feeding our enemies plenty of stereotypes to use against us, and many of these "skull-measurers" are too dense to realise this, or do not care. We do.
There are various groups out there that are both dissatisfied with the present regime, and capable of working productively alongside the Southern movement—and there are many that are not.
The basic split in the Southern movement is between the reverters and the devolutionists; indeed, similar fault lines can be found among all groups that dislike the leftist-globalist regime. Understanding the issues and approaches of these various groups provides some insights into how a revitalised and united Southern movement can position itself as a serious political movement.
Reverters in general fantasise turning back the clock, and reinstating attractive, though hopelessly wrecked, political orders. The restored Bourbon kings of France imagined they could neutralise the French constitution and the troublesome National Assembly, as well as
restoring the rights and privileges of the old French nobility. But, as Barbara Tuchman illustrated in The March of Follv. Charles X, the last Bourbon king, illustrated the folly of attempting to reconstruct a broken
egg.
One reverter faction that has distracted a number of Southerners is the Re-establishment movement. Relying on reams of leaden, ungrammatical prose and jailhouse-lawyer legalese, this quirky faction disdains political action, preferring instead to claim sovereignty under older constitutions. Richard McLaren claimed to reestablish the original constitution of the Republic of Texas in 1996, and declared Texas to be an independent nation. This did not impress the existing government of Texas, and McLaren and his "cabinet" were arrested by Texan authorities. There are also minor re-establishment movements in Arkansas and North Carolina. There is an equally ludicrous cabal that claims to have assumed the sovereignty of the Confederate legislature, even though they have not won any elections other than among themselves. Like McLaren, they do not bother with the hard political work of winning over an electorate, other than a close circle of friends who have renounced their American citizenship and instead claim citizenship in their fantasy-land republics, usually led by an "ambassador" or "Chief Magistrate." To participate in real political activism, they believe, is to endorse an unconstitutional system. It's telling that many of the Reestablishment leaders are not native to the states they claim to represent.
Another reverter movement is the Council of Conservative Citizens. Samuel Francis, the organisation's chief polemicist, envisions a return of the America of the 40s and 50s, which will be realised by the political solidarity of Middle-American Radicals, or MARS. In Francis' mind, whites from the North and South must put aside their cultural differences and unite as a race. Unfortunately for the CoCC, both the stark differences of such vital issues as gun rights in the two regions, and the freshly redrawn Mason-Dixon divide in the last presidential election highlight just two of many irreconcilable differences between North and South. Determined to put together the Humpty-Dumpty of what America used to be, both Francis and other CoCC leaders dismiss secession, insisting that whites can somehow re-establish dominance in all 50 states of the good old USA. Better luck could be expected of a political effort to reconcile Hutus and Tutsis as Africans, or Jews and Arabs as fellow Semites.
Much of the Southern movement can be described as reverter, focused as it is almost exclusively on Confederate symbols, thereby apparently forsaking other
26 Southern Events
aspects of Southern history, plus their general commitment to another secession by the same states that made up the original Confederacy. While its growth has been disappointing, at least in the area of formal membership, it has had some significant accomplishments, including the Columbia March of January, 2000 and the follow-up March for Southern Cultural Independence in Montgomery in April. There is no denying that this movement has re-awakened patriotic energy among Southerners.
In the political realm, however, it has failed to translate its impressive energy into concrete gains. The Southern Party has suffered from surprisingly bitter internal dissension since its founding, and with the exception of a few state parties, has pretty much alienated or expelled most of its original membership. Piecing together the whole story of the Southern Party's troubles is nearly impossible; almost every former member presents a conflicting explanation of what happened and who did what to whom. Nevertheless, the disastrous second meeting in Nashville resulted from the centralisation of power and platform in the hands of a select committee of dedicated secessionists, thereby excluding those who preferred a more moderate, States Rights platform.
Devolutionists constitute another major segment of the Southern movement. This group stresses the political and economic advantage of local self-government while de-emphasising traditional Confederate symbols, arguing that controversy surrounding the Confederate flag impedes political aims. Rather than promoting direct secession, they advocate that power should devolve from Washington to the state and local level. Some see devolution as an end in itself; others believe it is only the first step to beginning an independence movement. The most notable Southern devolutionists have rallied around the Home Rule for Dixie web site.
The Southern Devolutionists organised in response to the lack of progress within the Southern movement, and many of their ideas are worthwhile. There are indeed many who agree that Washington is a cesspool that needs draining, but shy from the Confederate flag. However, those who will run for cover from a beloved symbol that is deemed politically incorrect will likely run just as fast from a political platform that will certainly be attacked as surreptitiously racist. The Democrats have had no problem smearing Republicans as racist because they oppose hate crime laws and affirmative action, and John Ashcroft was accused of a "legal lynching" not because of his statements on Southern heritage, but because he rejected the
Winter/Spring 2001
nomination of a black judicial nominee. One of the Southern Devolutionists' primary assumptions is that they will avoid unkind comments by eschewing Confederate symbols, and will thereby attract supporters who would otherwise be scared off. However, the reason Confederate symbols are under attack is because they inspire a people whose ancestors resisted Washington's unconstitutional centralisation of power, and those symbols still represent that Cause. What really offends the civil rights movement and its partners in the ruling elite, including the media and Big Business, is any challenge to their power, and if an alternative symbol comes along that challenges them, it, too will soon be vilified as an emblem of hate. In short, politics is a brutal contest for power, and those who have it will use any means, fair or unfair, to keep it. Those who are easily frightened off with a few insults will never have the stomach to seriously challenge the ruling elite under any circumstances.
Libertarians are a mainstream, or not-necessarily Southern, devolutionist group. Their devotion to liberty and individual rights makes them a natural ally to the Southern movement. They have had limited political success, and their lack of cultural cohesiveness has troubled many of its proponents. Murray Rothbard, a famous libertarian philosopher, was attracted to the Southern movement for that very reason, and even joined the League of the South. A further difficulty is that many activists believe in many libertarian principles, but reject the anarcho-libertarians who would legalise all drugs and prostitution. Again, the lack of a cultural foundation has impeded the success of the libertarian movement.
Many single-issue activists offer promising prospects for partnership with the Southern movement. Pro-life activists in particular would be more effective if they focused on the underlying cause of the abortion problem; namely, an illegal usurpation of state laws by the Federal government. Their success has been hampered by their commitment to elect the "right" people into office within the existing system that recognises Washington as sovereign over the states. Also, those who defend gun rights would do well to heed the result of the Missouri concealed carry referendum in April, 1999, where, despite intensive advertising by the NRA, the vote went against concealed carry in the traditionally pro-Northem areas, while it passed in the traditionally pro-Southern areas. It wasn't a question of rural vs. urban, since three predominantly non-rural counties with a Southern population voted for the proposition. The vote hinged not on "getting the message out," which they did, but on pre-existing
27 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
cultural patterns. The cultural status of guns in the rest of the South requires little commentary.
What's required to bring these seemingly disparate groups together is not a man on a white horse, but a pro-Southern, pro-independence political strategy and plan of action that will appeal to sympathetic groups by promising and achieving specific goals. While the non-Southern groups will view these goals as ends in themselves, they will serve as stepping stones, or, intermediate goals to independence-minded Southerners. Such a plan will focus the passion of the Southern Reverters in productive ways, and provide Devolutionists, both non-Southern and Southern Traditionalist, with a cultural basis and unifying vision for the practical work of reclaiming usurped power from the Federal government. The purpose of this strategy is to enable activists to visualise their ultimate goal as they undertake each project. Holding out a list of "suggested activities" to be started and suspended at will, and with no particular priority, simply will not do. Even dedicated activists need constant re-energising, and only a cohesive vision of a pro-Southern strategy can keep them motivated when they're alone in the arena.
Broadly speaking, an effective strategy for change requires a believable, desirable vision and an awareness of the processes that put those changes in place. The first step is to craft our communications so as to keep our members motivated. Producing articles and books and web pages provide good reference, but people will remember the slogans. The rallying cry and logo for the Montgomery Southern Cultural Independence Celebration, "Rock the Cradle!" was particularly effective, to name one example. And, while we could write volumes about the shabby treatment of Southern working people under NAFTA, and the socio-historical basis of American political liberties, we will reach more people with a rallying cry that says the same thing more dramatically and succinctly, such as "Join the fight for jobs, rights, and heritage!" Second, we must apply that vision to the political realm and set our sights on small, achievable goals that pit our strengths against our opponents' weaknesses. We can win battles against a centralised bureaucracy that harms small business owners, against an out-of-touch parole board that frees dangerous criminals, against a school system that does not care for the safety of its children, against a zoning commission that allows another Wal-Mart to annihilate another farm and then family-owned stores in the community. Any issue touching on local autonomy, traditional morality, and agrarianism should spark involvement from Southern activists as intense as any fight to keep the battleflag. Once we begin to win a
reputation for fighting and winning battles, we will not only keep our own members energised, we will also attract others to our Cause. Business, community, and political leaders will begin to support us, and we will establish footholds in the existing power structure we can use to change the system. Then we will be on the way toward re-asserting the Cause our Confederate forefathers fought for.
In short, Southern nationalists must craft a political agenda that expresses an understandable and practical long-term strategy. This agenda, or action plan, will focus our own activists productively as well as pull in various mainstream supporters if that agenda clearly links Southern heritage and its cherished symbols with current political issues that our targeted mainstream groups will support. This can be accomplished by constant updates to our slogans and mottoes aimed at inspiring our activists to action. For example, we need to equate a proposal by the state Department of Public Instruction to replace North Carolina history with 'world culture' with an attack on the Southern way of life. Similarly, the same idea must be communicated of a bill to limit the right to bear arms, or to replace state regulation with Federal, which would attract the NRA, or libertarians, or various small business groups to work with us, even if only temporarily. Once these non-Southern groups see an energised movement scoring real victories for issues vital to them, our efforts to partner with such groups will be successful.
The Southern nationalist leadership must continually, vividly, and creatively convey to the rank and file that the values and ideas the Confederate flag symbolises must be protected and advanced as much as the flag itself. Therefore, instead of waiting for our enemies to attack the flag, and then rallying in protest, we must take the initiative to further the cultural and spiritual values that keep that flag flying. Flags do not fly in a vacuum.
Without a unified Southern movement, without significant support from various groups within the established power structure, our most motivated people will end up on the cliffs. Our Southern leaders must guide them away from political dead-ends, and toward endeavors that are both principled and practical.
Mr Mike Tuggle is a regular contributor to Southern Events. He makes his home in North Carolina, where he is the state chairman for the League of the South.
“..it does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds....” - Samuel Adams
Intelligent Response to an Unintelligent
Intelligence Report
Rev Murphy Answers SPLC Allegations by Martin Murphy
The SPLC "Intelligence Report" must mean something other than the use of intelligence. Before I intelligently refute the allegations under the heading "In Alabama, A Movement Begins" I must warn you that I will use intellectual processes. Intellect refers to the proper use of knowledge and logic. Therefore the laws of intellectual discourse may measure the premise of my statements: the law of non-contradiction; the law of causality, and the basic reliability of sense perception. My intelligent response (IR) follows: SPLC: The first evidence of a church take-over by League-linked theonomists came to public attention in 1998, when a court battle erupted over the control of a small church in the sleepy west Alabama town of York.
IR:	There	is absolutely no evidence that York
Presbyterian Church (YPC) had "League-linked theonomists" associated with the church. An intelligent person must first know the meaning of the word "theonomist" and then he must determine under careful scrutiny whether or not the doctrine of theonomy fits the theological creed of the person so accused.
SPLC: York Presbyterian Church was originally part of the PCA, but departed for a more conservative denomination as key League members began to take control of the church.
IR: An intelligent person may examine the history of YPC and learn from the church records that the church was originally part of the Presbyterian Church in the United States (PCUS). It left the PCUS to become a member of the PCA and only remained in the PCA for a few years. They left the PCA in 1976 after a long church fight (many of the same people who started the church fight against me) and remained independent of any Presbyterian denomination until they joined the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church (ARP) in 1994. The ARP is by no means a more conservative church than the PCA.
SPLC: In 1997, Pastor Martin Murphy - a man the York congregation had paid to put through seminary school in the late 1980s.
IR: This is a half way intelligent statement. They assisted in Pastor Murphy’s theological education, but the records will show they did not "put me through
Winter/Spring 2001
seminary."
SPLC: At the same time, Murphy’s office filled with Confederate symbols, including a portrait of General Robert E. Lee and a toy Confederate soldier holding a battle flag on the pastor’s desk.
IR: Murphy’s office was not filled with Confederate symbols. There were no confederate symbols. There were three beautiful portraits and a toy Confederate soldier. I had a large office and could have had many other portraits and symbols, but to set the record straight, I have a large theological library, which did fill the pastor’s office.
SPLC: "It was a slowly developing relationship,” congregant Aubrey Green recalled. Pastor Murphy "approached me and my wife to join [LOS] and we, of course, turned him down....
IR: I have no recollection of asking Aubrey Green or his wife to join the League of the South. I knew too much about Aubrey Green’s past to recruit someone like him.
SPLC: Soon, League rhetoric was being preached from the pulpit.
IR: This is the most unintelligent statement among the unintelligent statements found in the Intelligence (sic) Report. The testimony given in the Circuit Court of Sumter Country, Alabama in Civil Action No. CV-99-01 the Plaintiffs testified that I never mentioned the League of the South in "close to 500 sermons, 200 Bible Study Classes, and 100 Sunday Schools Classes." Neither was "League rhetoric" mentioned. If the plaintiffs are now claiming I did, they are guilty of peijury.
SPLC: "He openly advocated secession from the United States and all kinds of crazy ideas," said Green.
IR: I never "advocated secession from the United States" within the context of my ministry to YPC. I openly quote (but never in church) The Declaration of Independence which says "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive to these ends it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it and to institute new Government." Any intelligent person must realize that the United States was bom out of secession.
SPLC: said Green, who ultimately brought suit with another long-time church member, J. Everett Cobb, to wrest control of the church back from Pastor Murphy and the League.
IR: Murphy nor the League ever had control of the church. In Presbyterian Church government, the Session has responsibility for ail oversight of the church and its ministry. The pastor is only one voting member of the Session. If the church had several Lion’s Club
29 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
members and maybe one prominent Lion’s Club member, does that mean the church is controlled by the Lion’s Club?
SPLC: In the end. Judge Eddie Hardaway ruled that LOS adherents "were admitted to [church] membership before the local congregation realized that the true intent and purpose of these new members was to promote the League of the South."
IR:	Judge	Hardaway’s	ruling was a fallacious
allegation. There was never any evidence presented to show that "the true intent and purpose of the these new members was to promote the League of the South." The fact is that the new members promoted biblical Christianity to advance the kingdom of God.
SPLC: The church, he added, was used "as a staging ground for an increased membership for the League of the South and for promoting its purposes and missions."
IR: This statement is not only unintelligent, but it is not true. See the above IR.
SPLC: The PC A now describes the York episode as an embarrassment. Aquila told the Intelligence Report that the PCA "really ran into a real stink there" and that what occurred "was a total aberration from where we are as a denomination."
IR: The PCA had nothing to do with the "York episode" unless he is talking about the fiasco in the mid 1970’s where some of the same men caused a split in the church while YPC was in the PCA. I talked to Dominic Aquila and he didn’t intend to communicate that the PCA was in any way associated with "the York episode."
SPLC: Like Pastor Murphy, Cripps preaches the virtues of Southern secession and a form of theonomy.
IR: This is another half-intelligent statement. Pastor Murphy does not preach "the virtues of Southern secession." Pastor Murphy does preach "a form of theonomy." The word theonomy means "law of God." Every Christian pastor I know preaches the law of God. The Ten Commandments are essential to the Christian faith.
Now you will have to make an intelligent decision. Does the SPLC Intelligence Report reflect the attributes of intelligence?
Rev Martin Murphy is the pastor of York Presbyterian Church, in York, Alabama, and an Unreconstructed Southron,
“The opinion which gives to the judges the right to decide what laws are constitutional, and what not ... would make the judiciary a despotic branch.”
—Thomas Jefferson
BOOKS OF THE SOUTH
‘Truth is error’s best antagonist!’
WHEN IN THE COURSE OF HUMAN EVENTS: ARGUING THE CASE FOR SOUTHERN SECESSION 229 pp. by Charles Adams	$24.95
THE SOUTHERN NATION: THE NEW RISE OF THE OLD SOUTH 224 pp. by R. G. Thornton	$19.95
DESTRUCTION AND RECONSTRUCTION: Personal Experiences of the Late War by General Richard Taylor. Paperback. 279 pp. “Of all Confederate memoirs, Richard Taylor's is the best. “ - Clyde Wilson	$15.96
SOUTHERN SECESSION AND NORTHERN COERCION: The Spitefulness of Reconstruction by Senator Ben H. Hill of Georgia, paperback, 64 pages	$	4.00
CONFEDERATE WAR POEMS by Walter B. Jones. Paperback. 77 pages.	$	4.94
RIDING WITH THE WIZARD OF THE SADDLE: A Guided Tour of General Nathan Bedford Forrest's Career by Capt. Brent Lokey, USAG, Ret. Spiral bound. 101 pp. $14.95
INVASION ALABAMA 1861 -1865. A historical compendium of the Union raids In Alabama by Don McDaniel. Spiral bound. 59 pages.	$10.00
THE LYRICS TO THE MUSIC OF THE FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT BAND Compiled by Don McDaniel. Spiral bound. 48 pages.	$10.00
WARRIOR IN GRAY:GENERAL ROBERT RODES OF LEE'S ARMY by James K. Asher 300 pp. $29.95
SOUTHERNERS AT WAR:THE 38TH ALABAMA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS by Arthur E. Green. With annonated roster. 403 pp.	$40.00
TAKING A STAND: Portraits from the Southern Secession Movement by Walter Brian Cisco. 141 pp. $24.95
THE GALLANT PELHAM by Philip Mercer. 189 pp. $25.00
HISTORY OF ALABAMA AND INCIDENTALLY OF GEORGIA AND MISS., FROM THE EARLIEST PERIOD by Albert James Pickeft. Copyrighted 1851.669 pp. $30.00
THE COMPLETE TALES OF UNCLE REMUS by Joel Chandler Harris. 867 pp.	$35.00
Dr. C. E. Baker
652 Sixteenth Avenue, NW Birmingham, Alabama 35215 P & H $2.50 First Volume, $1.50 thereafter Personal Cheques Welcome, No Credit Cards (pb) = paperback (205)854-2690, (205) 853-0967
30 Southern Events
Winter/Sprlng 2001
Abe Lincoln: America’s Greatest War Criminal
by Ron Holland
4braham Lincoln should without a doubt be named America’s greatest war criminal. His war of invasion not only killed over 600,000 innocent Americans but it was obvious from his earlier speeches that he had previously advocated the prevalent constitutional right of democratic, state by state secession. Lincoln’s War also effectively overthrew the existing decentralized, limited federal government that had existed and governed well in the US since established by America’s founding fathers. Lincoln bastardized a respected federal government with limited powers into a dictatorial, uncontrollable Washington federal empire.
Because of Lincoln, the former American constitutional republic fell from a dream of liberty and limited government into the nightmare big government we have today without the earlier checks and balances of state sovereignty. After Lincoln, In foreign policy, the US foigot George Washington’s warning about neutrality and we became an aggressive military abroad until today we have troops defending the Washington Empire in over 144 nations around the world.
The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations is, in extending our commercial relations to have with them as little political connections as possible. It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances, with any portion of the foreign world.—George Washington Lincoln shares his war criminal actions with other well know tyrants that waged war on their own people. History shows us that politicians make war against their own citizens even more than against foreign nations. The reasons are often to establish and preserve their power base, as was the case in the Russian Revolution and the Mao Revolution. For others, like Hitler, it was misguided super patriotism and racism that brought death to tens of millions. Sadly, in the case of Abraham Lincoln’s war against the Confederacy and Southern civilians, it was all for money, company profits and government tariff revenues. A simple case of political pay back in return for the Northeastern manufacturing interests that supported the Republican Party and his campaign for the presidency.
Early in his career, Abraham Lincoln was an honorable statesman who let election year politics and the special interests supporting his presidential campaign corrupt a once great man. He knew what he
was doing was wrong and unconstitutional but succumbed, as in the case of many modern day politicians, to the allure of money, power and ego. y
Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable, a most sacred right - a right which we hope and believe is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government may choose to exercise it. Any portion of such people, that can, may revolutionize, and make their own of so much of the territory as they inhabit. - Abraham Lincoln January 12,1848
This quote above shows Lincoln as a statesman 12 years before he plunged the United States into its most disastrous war. Suffering a death toll so high in death rates as a percentage of total population, his act of carnage ranks with the political genocides of Stalin, Lenin and Mao during their communist revolutions. A death toll so great that it dwarfs the American deaths in all of our many declared and undeclared wars before and since this American holocaust of death and destruction.
From the following quote you can see that later Lincoln radically adjusted his rhetoric to meet the needs and demands of his business establishment supporters and financial supporters.
No state, upon its own mere motion, can lawfully get out of the Union. Plainly, the central idea of secession, is the essence of anarchy. —Abraham Lincoln
Why the complete change in rhetoric and actions? Simple, to preserve high tariffs and corporate profits for the Northeastern business establishment. Lincoln who earlier in his career had obviously favored the right of peaceful secession, provoked a war that killed 600,000 Americans, as a pay back to the eastern manufacturing establishment that bankrolled his presidential campaign. These special interests would have suffered serious financial loss if a low tariff Confederate States of America were allowed to peacefully, democratically and constitutionally secede from the United States in lawful state constitutional conventions of secession which were identical to the ratification conventions when they had joined the Union. Thus the real reasons for the death and destruction of Lincoln’s War were covered up and hidden by historians who continue, even today, to deny the truth and hide the ultimate costs of Lincoln’s American holocaust.
While Lincoln’s death toll is small in comparison to total deaths by Mao, Lenin, Stalin and Hitler, there are many similarities between these men. In the Russian
31 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Civil War, from 1917-1922 around 9 million died under Lenin and we must add to this another 20 million under Stalin from 1929 to 1939. The Mao communist regime in China killed 44-70 million Chinese from 1949-1975.
Still the US constitutional republic, as established by our founding fathers, was in effect destroyed by Lincoln’s unconstitutional war just as surely as Mao and Lenin over threw the existing Chinese and Russian governments. The multitude of Lincoln apologists would say that this is just another Confederate argument certainly not accepted by most historians. I might counter that the opinions and books of these “so called” establishment historians who live off my tax dollars through government funding at liberal controlled universities and think-tanks are prejudiced towards Lincoln and Washington DC. They are no different from the official government historians in China, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union. Their job is to lie to the American people and cover up a true and honest account of our history in order to support the government and political system in power. History shows us that a fair and honest discussion of Lincoln’s wartime actions will not be possible as long as the Washington political establishment remains in power. Since Lincoln, the Washington Empire has reigned supreme and omnipotent and for this reason, establishment historians have never honestly debated the Lincoln war crimes.
Consider this. Was a fair and honest account of Lenin or Stalin written and published during the Soviet Communist regime? Of course not. Could a less than worshipful history of Hitler’s Third Reich have been published until after 1945? No! Even today, with only nominal communist control of China, an honest appraisal of Mao’s revolution and crimes against the Chinese people still is not possible. It is no different today in the United States than it is in Red China or was in Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union. Just as Lenin’s statue could not be toppled in Red Square until after the fall of the Soviet Communist government, or the truth about Hitler couldn’t be told until after defeat of Nazi Germany, it is the same here in the US.
It is my hope that someday, in the not too distant future, a true account of the war crimes of Lincoln will be discussed, debated and even acknowledged. The Lincoln Memorial should be remodeled to show the horrors of “Lincoln the War Criminal” with the opportunity for all to visit Washington and learn how war crimes, genocide and holocaust are not just crimes that foreign politicians commit. Government and political tyranny can and has happened here just like in Germany, China and the Soviet Union, but through
education and honest history, it will never happen here again.
We should start today with an honest appraisal of what Lincoln really did to Dixie, how our black and white innocent noncombatants suffered under his total war policy against civilians. Finally we should address the cost in lives, lost liberty and federal taxes the citizens of the US have had to endure because our limited constitutional republic was destroyed.
Abraham Lincoln was a great man, a smart politician and he could have been an excellent president, had he considered the short-term costs of his high tariff and the long time price every American had to pay for his war of invasion. It is time to stop worshipping Lincoln and educate the public about the war crimes he committed against the citizens of the Southern States so this WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN!
Ron Holland is a North Carolina businessman and a founder of the Southern Party. Check out his website-Dixie Daily News at http://www.southemcaucus.org
“Our work has been the next thing to annihilation....There is a class of people at the South who must be exterminated before there can be peace in the land.... hear and there we find children, whom it is difficult to persuade that they are not at once to be murdered... it may be for the good of future generations that this Rebel horde should be swept from the earth.” — General W. T, Sherman
“... I shouted sic semper before I fired... our country owed all her troubles to him... The country is not what it was. This forced union is not what I Have loved. I care not what becomes of me. I have no desire to outlive my country....
For doing what Brutus was honoured for, and what made William Tell a Hero ... yet I, for striking down a greater tyrant than they ever knew am looked upon as a common cutthroat. My action was purer than either of their’s. One hoped to be great himself. The other had not only his country’s, but his own wrongs to avenge. I hoped for no gain. I knew no private wrong. I struck for my country and that alone. A country groaned beneath this tyranny and prayed for this end.
— John Wilkes Booth, his journal of April 1865, while on the run in Charles County, Maryland.
Beheading the "Great Messiah"
by Karen De Coster
Abraham Lincoln, as most of us were told in Mr.
Smith’s ^-grade history class, was a God-sent saviour, a brilliant, articulate, and diversity-loving individual, and the Messiah of the great ‘Union.’ Most of us were brainwashed on enchanting quotations from the “great man from the little log cabin.’’
The truth is that Lincoln was a ruthless dictator of the most contemptible sort. A conniving and manipulative man, and a scoundrel at heart, he was nowhere near what some would have us believe.
Lincoln has been transformed into the indomitable icon of the American Union. But yet, this beast ruled the country by presidential decree, exercised dictatorial powers over a free people, and proceeded to wage war without a declaration from Congress. Lincoln blocked Southern shipping ports, justifying his actions by saying “he would enforce all laws and collect all revenues due the North.” The blockades were an act of war. He set his Northern Army upon the South at Fort Sumter, and set in motion one of the most brutal attacks ever upon freedom by manoeuvring the South into firing the first shot at their Northern aggressors.
However, Mr. Smith’s textbook would have us believe that Lincoln was a preservationist of sorts, a man dedicated to preserving the grandeur of State ideals. Most ^-graders don’t have the intellect to ask what is so glorious about State ideals. Instead, they absorb just enough to make it into ignorant adulthood. In fact, if they had questioned these teachings, they would have discovered that Lincoln was a consummate con man, manipulator, and a State-serving miscreant.
In the march through Georgia during Lincoln’s War of Northern Aggression, he and Sherman carved out a murderous campaign, maiming innocent civilians and setting a precedent for the next century’s bloody genocides that followed. A fine exemplar was he, the Communists might say.
As if the pure evil of the war to subjugate the Southern states struggling for independence was not unscrupulous enough, Lincoln was hardly the watchman of the black race as portrayed by Mr. Smith’s ninth-grade history text, either.
In 1862, Lincoln published a letter stating, “My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and it is not either to save or destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving
others alone, I would also do that. What I d slavery and the coloured race, I do because I belie M helps to save the Union.”	ve	11
Lincoln was the darling candidate of the moneyed industrialists of the North. At the core of his political tenets was a government of high import taxes, and his Republican party, whom he lead, passed the Morrill tariff into law soon after taking office. Lincoln promised in his First Inaugural Address to launch an invasion of any state that failed to collect its share of tariffs. He was committing himself to collecting customs in the South, even if that meant they would secede. The free-market economics of the South were up for assault.
Lincoln signed ten more tariff-raising bills throughout his agonizing administration. He manipulated the American public into the first income tax, he handed out huge land grants and monetary subsidies to transcontinental railroads (corporate welfare), and he took the nation off the gold standard, allowing the government to have absolute control over the monetary system. Then, he virtually nationalized the banking system under the National Currency Acts in order to establish a machine for printing new money at will and to provide cheap credit for the business elite. This mercantilist tyrant ushered in central banking, our greatest economic curse to this day.
Furthermore, his “New Army” and the slaughter effort on the South put into motion an unprecedented profusion of federal coercion against free citizens, both North and South. By way of conscription, he assembled a vast army by presidential decree, an act of flagrant misconduct which drafted individuals into slavery to the federal government. Additionally, any war dissenters or advocates of a peaceful settlement with the South were jailed, and, as even Mr. Smith knows, Habeas Corpus was abolished for the duration of the war. He then tossed into the slammer as many as 30,000 civilians without due process of law for reasons of criticizing the Lincoln administration, and suppressed hundreds of newspapers that did not support his war effort.
All said, Lincoln was a ruthless dictator and he set the precedent for what is known as the “Imperial Presidency.” He was perhaps the most evil, damaging, and abominable president ever to defy American liberty.
Ms Karen De Coster is a writer, a CPA, and an MA student in economics at Walsh College in Michigan,
“Towering genius disdains a beaten path. It thirsts and bums for distinction; and, if possible, it will have it, whether at the expense of emancipating slaves, or enslaving freemen. And when such a one [rises], it will require the people to be united with each other... to successfully frustrate his designs.”- Abraham Lincoln
33 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
Copperheads: Come South and Help Us Secede ASAP
by Michael Peirce
Many have written to me and asked, “What can we do?” My first answer to that was a simple one: secede from this wicked and depraved union — now!
But it’s not that simple is it? The devil is in the details. Let’s consider the details of effective action.
Since much of my mail comes from Northern Confederates - I’ll address that first. Pack your kit boys - get the hell out of there. You are not going to change Massachusetts or New York. Any good plan is based on reality. You really have only three choices and the first one should be unacceptable: submission to the devilish power of the socialist usurpers. Stop playing at it and get out of there. The other two choices are simple: move down South or out West, and I don’t mean The Communist Republic of California - if you are there -leave now.
Easy for me to say, eh? Yep - it’s quite easy. Most questions that matter have simple answers and the answer to this one is simple. Walter Williams first suggested this in a recent column - let’s take over some states. And why not? It’s legal, and relatively simple. The enemy did it in Atlanta - since Georgia has too many freedom loving folks in the hinterland for them to take the whole state they made Atlanta a festering hell whole of homosexual activists, civil rights pimps, corrupt politicians and socialists. They have made it easy to get on welfare and have the most city workers per capita of any city in the US except for Washington. They come from all over, to suck at the trough and debase our Southern heritage. Yet we still have power here. Come to Georgia folks - there are lots of real jobs here too, and lots of freedom loving people. Other Southern states are the same way.
It must be admitted that many, if not a plurality, of white and sadly, most black Southerners have bought into the nanny state. So? I envision a South full of Confederates - who cares where you were bom - it’s about what you believe. If enough of you freedom loving Northerners come down here we can make things right. Plus, you are the leaven of the bread up North -leave, and who will support the socialist state? Thus a massive relocation of hard working, freedom loving Northerners will both benefit the South and hurt the socialist usurpers.
It takes perhaps six months to plan a relocation - you save some money, test the job market and make some plans. The key is, you do it. We in the South, combined with you who are coming should organize resettlement
committees to help you get established. We already have an infrastructure to build upon - League of the South and the Southern Party come to mind immediately. You folks start a proper migration and we’ll help you get over the hump.
This is hardly a new or radical idea. Look at New Mexico, inundated by loonies from the Left Coast - yet it is a big place and we could take it back. It’s beautiful there as well. Mexicans are migrating to the United States in their tens of millions in search of economic opportunity. Is not freedom at least as good a reason to migrate as that?
Do it right and we can take our neighbourhoods back. The next step is our towns, then our counties, and pretty soon we have a state. It would become known pretty soon too, and watch the people flock to a state where central government does not rule. It could catch on. Folks are fed up and they need to see a solution. We must be the vanguard and offer that solution.
We have in the freedom movement some very heavy thinkers and economists - indeed our economists are the only ones that make sense. We have the brain trust and leadership to turn a few states into capitalist meccas. Business follows the market, and locates near the best labor pool in places with low taxes. This is not hard to figure out!
The key to it is this: we take over some key states in the South and the West. Then we start taking the state governments back from the demoPublicans and institute the one policy guaranteed to change things for the better. We make our local governments stop sucking at the sugar teat - we refuse to accept any US government money, period the end.
We are ruled by the proverbial steel fist in a velvet glove. Have you wondered why your police departments are no longer your friends? They have been quietly federalized by the massive infusion of money and weaponry from the central government. It comes at price. We can stop that, and re-institute local control of our police. They are after all public servants, and are paid for by us. They must serve us and not some out of control communist flunkeys in Washington.
The government doesn’t need force to rule people who exist for the handout - we have sold our souls for the Yankee dollar. Tell them to keep it.
It is the same thing with public schools. It takes a very small amount of federal money to corrupt a school system. Have you wondered why your kid’s school is telling him that homosexuality is a valid, alternative life style? Or why your kid can’t follow a logical thought from beginning to end? Its because that government money comes at price. When we take over our first state - the first thing we must do is break those horrific teacher’s unions. Without government money and the
Winter/Sprlng 2001
influence of those left wing ideologues in the unions, we could possibly turn the education system around.
Which leads me to a short-term solution - pull your kid out, for God’s sake! Since I never take His name in vain -1 mean it the way I wrote it. You can raise your kids or you can let the enemy raise them. It’s your choice. You folks who are stocking up on guns might think about that. Your guns protect what? Your house from home invaders and what else...? If you have more than a single pistol and a shotgun, and your kid is in public school - your priorities are out of whack. The first line of defense for your family is to protect your children from that alien, Godless brainwashing that occurs in the public school system. There are many alternatives - select one and use it.
Like wise you must ask yourselves about your own materialism. How many TV sets do you own? You should not have more than one and it should be shut off most of the time. What about vehicles? Do you really need what you have? What about debt? Your house? If you really care about freedom -I’ll bet you’ll find there is a whole lot of stuff you can do without. Put your kids first or they will grow up and become your enemies. Many of you are already living with the consequences of letting an evil school system corrupt your children.
With enough intelligent, freedom loving people in selected states, we could stop their insane drug war. Do you really claim to love freedom and think it’s OK to confiscate people’s property? And to you Christian brothers I say start using your heads and ask yourself some tough questions. You claim to want to protect your kids from drugs yet you are not lifting a finger to do it. Your kids are in public schools, half of them on Ritalin and the schools are where the drugs are. You know it, but you are too intellectually lazy to act on it.
If you want to be free to practice your religion you better stop supporting the very stormtroopers who are taking that freedom from you. Your kids are your responsibility - you can’t serve God and mammon - put your money where your mouth is and pull your kids out of public school and teach them your values. And have them read the US constitution so they can remind you of it next time you want to shout “Rah Rah” for the drug war.
Christians are very important to the freedom movement - but faith should not exclude logical thought and patriotism. The drug war is the most unpatriotic attack on freedom since the War of Northern Aggression.
There is no market for drugs if we stop our children from being made into drug consumers by the schools.
With our states, we could throw out the useless communist judges and criminal justice system swine who allow violent criminals to roam free. We could pass
laws that would make it so dangerous to be a criminal that only the really crazy ones would try anything. It’s called personal responsibility - make the criminals pay, and arm yourself, legally.
You can’t do that in most Northern states - if you want gun rights don’t play make believe - you don’t have them and won’t unless you take a stand and make a move. In Georgia we legally carry weapons in the glove box of our cars - and what effect do you think that has on carjacking statistics? More to the point is the effect it has on car jackers.
We could take back our National Guard troops and expand our state militias and police reserves. Again -that means you. Right now - sane men are getting out of the Guard fast as they can - they know where they are going to be deployed! In the words of a Nazi Army ditty from the Russian front: “Everything comes, everything goes, you’ll spend May in your winter clothes...first sink the Fuhrer then the Party goes.” Our Eastern front is the Balkans. Our Nazi Party is in DC. Our Fuhrer is the god of this world - materialism, as preached by the prophets of the state media.
They force our boys to take Anthrax shots. Demonstrably unsafe - part of a legacy of using our troops as guinea pigs. Are these not our state forces? We must take them back and encourage men of conscience to be in our state forces, and must forbid their use in anything but a properly declared war. We could base this improved Guard on the many regular troops who would be glad to once again be part of an American military force, and act as a highly professional cadre of trainers.
Our founders felt we could never be subjugated because the citizenry (the militia) outnumbered the regular army by a wide margin. This is no longer true. We will not be free again until it is true, and the first step is taking our state forces back under state control.
Power, as Mao said, comes out of the barrel of a gun. We have allowed that power to accumulate in Washington and we must correct that terrible mistake.
Our goal must be to keep a small regular military to man the nukes and the tech stuff. Let the state forces constitute our armour and infantry. Shazam - see the transfer of power back where it belongs: to the states. If two states or even one, embarked on such a program it would catch on in ten more right away.
Another immediate short term action you can take right now: turn off the TV and teach your children to read. Teach them history and politics and teach them about race relations and what is really going on. Don’t roll over every time some communist rabble rouser shouts “racism;” there are decent black people on our side and who cares about the rest? Are we fighting to win or is this something to make ourselves feel all warm
and fuzzy? Shout them down. Don’t let your kids be propagandized — they do not need to feel any guilt associated with being white and if black, they have nothing to gain by shouting constantly about “racism.”
Insist that your kids learn hard science and foreign languages - they won’t get that in the public schools.
If your kids are hanging around the mall - they have too much time on their hands. That time could be spent on literacy and learning a work ethic. Your call, folks, but the evidence is in - change now or lose your kids.
In our own states, where we have gathered in mass -we can control immigration. Do we want Western culture to go down the tubes? It’s our country folks -immigrants must adapt or get out. Diversity is just another way of saying “anarchy” and you won’t like it. In fact many of you have seen enough of it to know what I’m saying is true. So why do you roll over for it? And before you accuse me of racism consider this: would you like it if several hundred thousand Brits or French or Germans moved to your state, year after year? Mostly without legal papers? Since the government won’t stop it, it’s up to the states.
In the South and the West there are large numbers of Confederates, freedom loving folks who believe in the old ways. There are not enough to take our states back from the usurpers but there are enough to build on - we could easily be a majority. We can do this and must do it or lose our children and our freedoms to the beast.
You can build a house for half of what you think you can -1 know because I’ve done it. You can drive used cars and do without much of what the TV media insist you simply must have. Again I speak from experience. If you are buying your kid hundred dollar tennis shoes to keep up with the other kids at school - you are plain stone dumb. Wouldn’t it be better if your wife was home with the children instead of helping you pay off debts for junk you don’t really need?
The only way we can be free is to accumulate real political power and to slap away that Yankee hand with the dollars clutched in it. Defeat your own materialism and your chains will melt away. If you must have public schools - why not run them yourselves? You can do this. We can do this. Greed is our enemy, and the devil and the government (or do I repeat myself?). Know this -you don’t have to be greedy. You don’t have to have these things. You can have much finer things.
Our ancestors fought and died for this freedom which we are throwing away. Men who refuse to honour their own ancestors are not men at all. To you Northern Confederates I issue this warning: remember what Lincoln did to your ancestors. If you had been physically down here with us - we would have had enough manpower to defeat the invader - instead we both lost.
Winter/Spring 2001
There are many of us, but we are not enough, unless we concentrate demographically. We are out of time -the enemy owns our schools and our media, and are raising our kids as proper little HitlerJugend. Heads that do not or can not entertain serious thoughts care little for freedom. You don’t miss what you never had. Families that exist to accumulate goods are failed families - events will show you the truth of it.
Act now or stop posturing. This sounds cold but we are out of time. They are confiscating personal firearms in California. Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts has openly repudiated the United States constitution. New Jersey has defeated a proposal to teach the Declaration of Independence in the public schools because it is “extremist.” Yet they are openly teaching sexual depravity and racist mumbo jumbo in our schools. The churches, the real ones, are under heavy attack by this well organised and devilish enemy.
Now - not later, not planning it, they are doing it right now. They are teaching doctors to regard human life as a non issue, and that we are no better than animals. This teachers are called “ethicists” in the Orwellian parlance of the day. We kill the young, we are starting to kill the old. In army terms that is called bracketing. When a mortar round hits fifty meters in front of you, and then one hits fifty meters behind you, you can be pretty sure that the next one is going to land on your head. You are next, and your children. Don’t doubt this - read history. It is happening here and now.
And when we have taken our states back, we can offer refuge to the best in America and make it a place where the worst will be very unhappy indeed. Let’s build a new South and a new West, and form alliances based on strength, and politics based on freedom. Let’s forget their ridiculous political parties and form our own. Or take theirs and make them ours! Why shouldn’t we steal the Republican party out from under them? If they exist in our state they should represent us! Nobody represents us now - we must stop waiting for Big Daddy to bail us out and bail ourselves out.
I have offered a plan. It will involve discomfort to you, and will require that you uproot your families and find new jobs. To which I say, “so?” Freedom is never cheap. If you want it - you must start paying a price for it. It is not guaranteed and the constitution as you well know, will not protect you any more. You, and you only, can save yourself.
So come on down. Make a plan and stick to it. A dummy with a plan can beat a genius that changes his mind constantly. The left has proved that. Now it’s up to us. I’ll keep a light on for you.
Mr Michael Peirce fought with the Rhodesian Freedom Fighters (the Ian Smith side, of course)
Land Control as Mind Control
by John Chodes
Old Policies Still Plague Us
The federal government’s policies to control the South and reconstruct the minds of it’s people at the end of the War for Southern Independence directly relate to major contemporary infringements on property rights today. The legislative mechanism set in motion in the 1860s has never stopped. It is still expanding and today we can see the consequences in several ways: in the ever-expanding government attacks on urban and rural property rights through illegal, unconstitutional direct confiscation and forced control of land use. And in the colossal subsidies to agriculture that have pushed up prices and pushed out most small farmers and created a gigantic, nationalized, monopolistic “agribusiness.”
Crop Research as War Research
The year is 1862. The North battles desperately against the seceded South, which is the world's largest cotton producer. The Confederacy shuts off this vital commodity to the North, since it is critical for uniforms, blankets, tents, bandages, and other supplies. The South also shuts off rice and sugar cane, for food, to the Union armies. Without these basic commodities Washington's war effort is severely hampered.
Congress creates a new federal agency, the Department of Agriculture, to solve these life-and-death issues. In voting for this new agency, Senator Joseph Wright of Indiana stated its purpose clearly: “The cotton crop of the South cannot reach Northern spindles. Agriculture must furnish a substitute by the production of upland cotton in the Ohio Valley. The sugar and molasses of the South have ceased to come forward to the North and agriculture must remedy the difficulty by the rapid production of the Chinese and African cane.”1
Mr Newton, the first Commissioner of the Agriculture Department, echoed this sentiment as soon as this agency became a reality. “The culture of cotton has lately attracted much attention to the free states, especially in Illinois, owing to the rebellion and the consequent scarcity of the staple. Last summer, as a matter of experiment, 300 to 1,000 pounds of cotton were raised per acre, by many farmers in Dlinois. This department will take early and active measures to induce
fanners in Kentucky, Missouri, Southern Illinois Indiana, and Kansas - all of which states will undoubtedly produce cotton - to turn their attention to the culture of this important staple.”2
By 1864 the Commissioner reported that cotton, in Illinois, showed a 40 percent increase and “Sorghum and Imphee [sugar cane substitutes] and the dissemination of the seeds of these plants by the Agriculture Department has been worth millions of dollars to the country, especially to the middle and western states.”3
Also: “Flax fiber can, by mechanical, chemical or other means, be converted into flax cotton of a substitute quality for use as a substitute for cotton in the mills of our country. The vast amount invested in the mills (nearly $100 million) and the absolute necessity of production ... (create) the strongest claim upon the attention of the people and the government.”4
Gradually a national policy emerged to break the North's dependence on cotton: “During the continuance of the War of the Rebellion, a great augmentation of the wool demand has attended the fitting out of more than a million of armed men, whose clothing is almost exclusively of wool. And when the war is over, men who have been accustomed to flannels and woolen garments in the field will, from choice, if not from necessity, continue their use in the workshop and on the farm.’’And “King Cotton has been dethroned, and his sudden toppling from his place of pride will not only destroy his political prestige, dim materially the luster of his commercial fame and detract from his industrial importance, but other textile products will be patronized, experimented upon and their use rendered fashionable.”5
All this represented the opening phase of federal control of agricultural output by commanding farmers what to plant.
Educational research was another surprising area that the Department of Agriculture would investigate: “Every farmer should aim to be instructed ... because knowledge is power and it is the highest wisdom of political economy to invest largely in schools.... the farmer should have taste to appreciate and enjoy the beautiful in nature and art.”6 Could “appreciating art and beauty”be a metaphorical policy statement about converting supposedly racist farmer's minds?
Education as War Research
Where did the Agriculture Department find the biologists, chemists, and scientists needed to find cotton and sugar substitutes? This was an era when most
Americans only had grade school educations.
In response to this as well as for scientists for weapons research, Congress enacted a gigantic national-scale college level education program. The Morrill Act granted 30,000 acres of federal land to each state in the Union for each Congressman, for training in “agricultural and mechanic arts.”
Several legislators saw the dangerous, anti-democratic precedent that the Morrill Act was setting and argued against its passage. Senator George Pugh of Ohio: “It is as much a violation of our duty to invade the province of our state governments under the head of donations as it would to invade it by force and violence.”7 Senator James Mason of Virginia added: “Sir, to my conception, it is one of the most extraordinary engines of mischief, under the guise of gratuities and donations, that I could conceive would originate in the Senate. It is using the public lands as a means of controlling the policy of the state legislatures.... it is doing it in the worst and most insidious forms-by bribery, and bribery of the worst kind; for it is an unconstitutional robbing of the treasury for the purpose of bribing the states.”8 When originally enacted, the Agriculture Department and the Morrill Act seemed to be two separate entities. But they would be connected: “The agriculture and mechanic colleges are destined to be powerful coadjutors in the legitimate work of this department [Agriculture].... elevating the vocation of the farmer and giving him scientific as well as practical instruction in his pursuits.”9
Land Control as Mind Control
It was 1865. The War was over. There seemed to be no more need for new crop research. Yet, while Reconstruction had begun, the war wounds had not healed. The Confederates, although defeated, still believed in “The Cause.”
This caused great concern in Washington, which now focused on how to re-educate the rebels so that they would never again secede.
Senator Charles Sumner of Massachusetts: “Such is the mood in the South now, that education will enter into every measure of Reconstruction.”10 General Lorenzo Thomas testified before a Congressional Committee concerning the postwar attitude of the former rebels. Senator Robert Baldwin asked him: “Do you have any reason to believe that the rebels still entertain hopes of another outbreak?” Thomas: [They plan to] “do all in their power to involve the United States in a foreign war, so that if a favorable opportunity should offer itself, they might turn
Winter/Spring 2001
against the United States. . . . their desire is to reestablish the Southern Confederacy.”11
Representative Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota said: “The great bulk of the people of the South are rude, illiterate, semi-civilized . . . and . . . republican government, resting on intelligent judgement of the people, [is] an impossibility.”12
This meant education controlled by Washington. It meant federal money for new schools, creating new “progressive” textbooks and nationalizing existing Southern school systems. Congressional Reconstruction policy forced new constitutions on all the former rebel states, including the provision for tax-supported free schools, to be supervised forever by the federal government.
Senator Charles Sumner again: “Shall the Southern states still be controlled by the men and the policy that have already brought ruin and disgrace, poverty and starvation upon them; or shall they adopt the policy of the enlightened states of the North ... and secure universal education and free schools with their inevitable accompaniments of enterprise, equality, wealth, temperance, morality, religion, public, private, and domestic happiness.”13
Simultaneously Washington formulated another reeducation plan for the South. Congress saw in the word “cotton” the living metaphor for why the war began and why the spirit of rebellion would not be extinguished. Cotton endlessly reminded Southerners of the philosophies that drove them to secede.
Their views on states’ rights, free trade and similar aspects of “The Cause” had been repudiated as the postwar United States became a centralized, protectionist world leader. Thus, cotton would have to be diffused among new crops and its geographic position transformed to end Southern “reactionary” perspectives.
This statement indirectly says that cotton caused the rebellion: “In the reorganisation of the Southern states, it is believed that the great mistake of the past, the concentration of labor mainly upon a single branch of a single grand division of productive industry, (cotton) will be avoided. This mistake has cost that section one -half the wealth it might have attained and may have led to the sacrifice in war of the remainder diversification must be applied to reorganized Southern agriculture... . cotton will never again overshadow and dwarf other interests essential to permanent success in agriculture.”14
During the war a Confiscation Act allowed the military to take the property of “traitors.” Cotton plantations were expropriated since cotton was held responsible for the rebellion.
Winter/Spring 2001
Representative Justin Morrill of Vermont: “[The Confiscation Act] proceeds from the assumption that the insurrection is incited by a faction in the slave states, holders of the vast proportion of the property and slaves in these states, that this property and these slaves constitute the incentive and form the material base of the rebellion; and that therefore it becomes the right and the duty of the nation, from the height of its extreme authority, to award the penalty of condemnation of estates and forfeiture of control of persons to those who conspire against the government and make war on its authority.”15
The Commissioner of the Agriculture Department allegorically stated the need to diffuse Southern crops to transform Southern minds: “[In] the great Chinese Empire, hundreds of thousands have perished miserably because of the failure, in certain sections, of the rice crop, on which alone they depend for subsistence. This enforces most emphatically the wisdom of diversity of agricultural products.”16
The master plan for enforced geographic crop redistribution came from a new section of the Agriculture Department. It was euphemistically called the Division of Ornithology and Mammology. Its stated objective was to “enable our farmers to select the crops best suited to their localities ... agriculture and biology must be studied from the geographic standpoint.... our aim is to explain the distribution of animals and plants by means of knowledge of the conditions which govern this distribution.”17
To fulfill this grand plan, the Morrill experiment stations and the Agriculture Department once again fused their operations but now on a permanent basis: “National legislation has been proposed [The Hatch Act] to extend the work of experimental agriculture, establishing it in every state ... believing that the Department of Agriculture can become a vitalizing center, for a more general cooperative effort for the promotion of agricultural science ... I have endeavored ... to organize a branch of this department to take charge of the returns from these colleges and (experiment) stations and to collate and distribute the information obtained for the benefit of all interested parties.”18
Cotton, Abandoned Land, and Refugees
Congress developed five simultaneous policies to erase “cotton” from the Southern mind.
1.	Cotton would be raised by non-Southemers in the South.
2.	Southerners would be forced to plant new “mentally
noninflammatory” crops.
3.	The South would be repopulated with Northerners to defuse racism and rebellion.
4.	The South would be repopulated with European immigrants.
5.	“Racists” would be deported to Northern states to live with “progressive” ideals.
To administer this all-encompassing national program, an appendage to the War Department was created: The Freedmen's Bureau. Supposedly it had the great humanitarian objective of helping the emancipated slaves develop the skills to survive in a competitive marketplace.
But this new agency's full title gives a truer picture of its role in the ongoing saga of cotton, land, and racism: “The Bureau of Freedmen, Abandoned Lands and Refugees.” This shows the extent of its jurisdiction; over four million ex-slaves and over tens of millions of whites (the “refugees” supposedly displaced by the war). The “Abandoned Lands” referred to the millions of acres of private property illegally confiscated as abandoned when the Union army forcibly captured it or evicted or killed the owners. Thousands of Southerners were accused of being traitors and convicted without a jury trial, then jailed or executed and their property seized.
The Freedmen's Bureau became a reality in the final stages of the war and its widespread powers were completely unconstitutional during peace time.
Senator James Doolittle of Wisconsin, in voting for it, said: “This whole bill is a kind of war measure, a war necessity. If peace existed in these states, no one pretends that we could exercise any such powers (confiscation) either over the people of these states or over the property within these states. It is of necessity, temporary in character.”19
Yet the Freedmen's Bureau existed for many years beyond the end of the war. In fact, as we shall see, its demise is uncertain because it was partially funded without Congressional approval or taxpayer knowledge.
Senator Thomas Hendricks of Indiana showed the dangers that this new agency posed, “I don't believe that the Congress of the United States has the power to take charge of a portion of the community ... such a power would swallow up a very large on extent a very important portion of the powers enjoyed by the states. (Mr. Hendricks read section two of the Freedmen's Bureau bill:) ‘The Commissioner shall have authority.
.. to create departments of freedmen.’ A new division of the country!... the states are to be cut up and to be placed under the charge of commissioners ... here is a
Winter/Spring 2001
government within a government... independent of the states and almost independent of the ordinary machinery of the federal government, there shall be a government established for the control of the inhabitants of a particular class... the colored people that may become free, to be under the supervision, to a large extent, of these superintendents. And yet they are to be free!”20
The Commissioner of the Freedmen’s Bureau was Oliver Otis Howard, a Union army general. Here he describes his agency’s enormous power: “The law establishing the bureau committed it to ‘the control of all subjects relating to the refugees and ffeedmen from rebel states’... this almost unlimited authority gave me great scope and liberty of action... legislative, judicial, and executive powers were combined in my commission ... (I controlled) all abandoned land solely for the purpose of assigning, leasing or selling them to refugees and freedmen ... of the nearly 800,000 acres of farming land and about 5,000 pieces of town property transferred to the bureau by (the) military... enough was leased to produce a revenue of nearly $400,000.”21
General Howard referred to one year only. Another report showed that annual revenues generated were over $2 million. By today's standards that is more like $2 Billion.
This power also extended, unconstitutionally, into the North. The brutality of martial law and the confiscation of property reached into the Union in peace time. Senator Hendricks: “I believe (The Freedmen's Bureau) has extended its jurisdiction over the states not within the provision of the law. I believe Kentucky [a Union state] has been brought within the scope of its government, when the law did not contemplate it and did not allow it. I believe the District of Columbia has been a province within its government and control and I think the law did not contemplate or allow that... this irresponsible sub-government. .. (is) upon the people of the entire United States by a body of men protected by the military power of the government.” (Mr. Hendricks discussed the eighth amendment of the Freedmen’s Bureau bill; court martial tribunals for citizens, in peace time, in all states of the Union:) “Now that peace is restored, now that there is no war, now that men are no longer under military rule, I want to know how such a (military) court can be organized; how is it that a citizen can be arrested without indictment and brought before officers of this bureau without a trial, tried without the forms which the Constitution requires.”22
Replanting as Re-Education
Reforming the Southern mind meant replacing cotton
with new crops. John Stokes, Commissioner of the Agriculture Department said: “The distribution, under the special appropriation of $50,000, to be expended in seeds for the Southern states, was promptly and fully made in accordance with the views and intentions of Congress, through specific agents, sent through the Southern states, postmasters, prominent citizens and the officers and agents of the Freedmen's Bureau ... these states can produce every article grown in the higher latitudes ... [and] cotton, sugar, hemp, rice.”23
Under a false and ironic sentiment of charity, Congress passed a resolution “For the Relief of the Destitute of the Southern and Southwestern states.” This actually reflected the forcing of new crops into those states: “This resolution proposes to empower the Secretary of War to issue supplies of food (and also seeds) to prevent starvation and extreme want among all the classes of the people of the Southern and Southwestern states, where a failure of the crops or other causes have occasioned widespread destitution; the issues are to be made through the Freedmen's Bureau.”24 This is misleading since cotton and tobacco, not food, were the main crops of the South. This is verified by Representative Fernando Wood of New York, in his comments about this resolution: “In a recent visit I made to the Southern states... during which I made it my duty to observe the Southern people in a very large portion of the Atlantic Southern states, I saw no such destitution as has been described. I saw no class of people ... who would make application to Congress for alms or would acknowledge themselves as paupers and dependents upon the General Government for aid or support.”25
Repopulation as Re-Education
A vast Northern population was transplanted into the South to farm cotton and “non-racist” crops. This required farreaching brute force. It meant breaking up the huge cotton plantations into fragments for small-scale individual family farming.
Representative George Julian of Indiana: (There is an) “Incompatibility of this system of land monopoly with the wellbeing and safety of Republican institutions and (we) should doom it to immediate annihilation.... who can doubt that if the 200 or 300,000 honorably discharged soldiers now in the North were settled on the forfeited estates in Tennessee, Arkansas, Virginia and wherever our armies occupy ... form a reserve corps to our army ... such a population ... would stand as a breakwater against (which) any returning tide of rebellion might dash itself in vain.”26
This required indicting Southerners as traitors and
Winter/Spring 2001
will form a permanent legislation of the country.”31
40 Southern Events
confiscating their property. John Henderson of Missouri grasped the consequences: “I have no objection to confiscating the property of the rebel... let it be done when guilt has been established under the forms ofjudicial investigation ... if we depart from (the Constitution’s) just restraints, no man can tell the excesses of the future ... in the plenitude of power today, we may deny mercy to others; tomorrow we ourselves may cling in vain to the horns of the altar... the inventor of the guillotine, we are told, was so forced to test the merits of his own invention.”27
Mass Nationalization
The Freedmen's Bureau became the central agency for this mass nationalizing of Southern and Northern property. By the 1890s “nearly 2 million of farms of 80 acres each in the United States had been given away by the government.”28 Census data demonstrates the efficiency of confiscation and the breaking up of large plantations. In the South Atlantic states in 1860 there were 301,940 farms. By 1900 this had been transformed into 962,295 farms. In 1860 there were 370,373 farms in the South Central states. By 1900 this had become 1,658,166 farms.29
Presented another way, the census data showed how confiscation was responsible for drastically reducing the size of property holdings. In 1860 the average number of acres per farm was 352.8 in the South Atlantic states. This had been reduced to 108.4 by 1900. In the South Central states, in 1860, that figure was 321.3. By 1900 it had dropped to 155.4.30
President Andrew Johnson pointed out the consequences when the military is given the power to confiscate property without civil restraint: “The power thus given to the Commanding Officer over all the people ... is that of an absolute monarch. He alone is permitted to determine what rights of persons or property ... it places at his disposal all the lands and goods in his district and he may distribute them without let or hindrance to whom he pleases. Being bound by no state law, and there being no other law to regulate the subject, he may make a criminal code of his own, and he can make it as bloody as any recorded in history.... Everything is a crime which he chooses to call so and persons are condemned who he pronounces to be guilty ... he may arrest his victims wherever he finds them, without warrant, accusation or proof of probable cause.
... Congress [has authorized] military jurisdiction over all parts of the United States containing refugees and freedmen [with] ... no limitation in point of time, but
Confiscation as Bill of Attainder
Permanent confiscation of a traitor’s property is unconstitutional. It is a Bill of Attainder, a medieval legal weapon that destroys both property and civil rights. It was an inherent part of the Confiscation Act. Senator Edgar Cowan of Pennsylvania illuminated the process: “Shall we go back to the doctrine of forfeiture which marks the Middle Ages?.... The number engaged in the rebellion [is] equal to one-half of the whole population of the Confederate states; say 4 millions... if so, to strip all this vast number of people of all their property... will reduce them at once to absolute poverty.... if there was anything calculated (to make them) forever hostile to us, it would be the enactment of such a law . . . [The Constitution provides that] ‘The Congress has power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the person attained.’ Here is an attempt to deprive a large class of persons of all their property without any arrest, without any presentment by a grand jury, without a trial by a petit jury, without indeed any trial at all in any court . . . Bills of Attainder forfeited [traitors’] estates and corrupted the inheritable blood of the children and heirs (by compelling them) to bear the disgrace attendant upon such flagitious crimes . . . one of the strongest incentives to prosecute treason has been the chance of sharing in the plunder of the victims.”32
Immigration as Re-Education
To disperse dangerous Southern “reactionaries,” some of their confiscated land was to be resettled by European immigrants. This began with new legislation, The Immigration Act of 1864. Senator John Sherman of Ohio introduced it this way: “The bill provides for the appointment ... of an officer to be styled the Commissioner of Immigration, [who will] collect... information in regard to ... the wants of agriculture ... and to disseminate such information throughout Europe . . . [He] is to make contacts with different railroad and transportation companies for transportation tickets to be furnished to the immigrants to enable them to proceed in the cheapest and most expeditious manner to the place of their destination, or where this is undetermined by the immigrant, to the place where his labor will be most profitable.”33 Justin Morrill saw a darker side to this bill: “We import everything else, now we have come to the
41 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
importation of men. [There is] an apprehension in the public mind that this was another species of slavery.”34
Senator Reverdy Johnson of Maryland showed how the immigrant was locked into staying on a specific property for a definite period: “The Immigration Act ... says to the man in Europe who wishes to come to the United States but has not the means of coming of his own, [that Washington will advance him the fare] to be paid back within 12 months; and shall be a lien at all times upon any real estate which he may acquire, so as to constitute it in the nature of a mortgage.”35
Barnas Sears, the General Agent for the Peabody Education Fund, observed this Southern immigration: “The tide of immigration into (Texas) is constantly swelling. While I was there, every steamer that arrived was crowded with immigrants... they came from almost every part of Europe ... the Germans are the most numerous large communities of them are settling in the Western portions of the state.”36
By the 1870s immigration reached tidal wave proportions. “Net immigration of the last 8 years: 2,792,383.”37 “The era of substantial progress for the South may indeed be said to have commenced with the termination of the war, which obliterated the system of compulsory labor and the monopoly of production of great landed proprietors the division of lands into small tracts (will) attract the immigration which is the invigorating life of states.”38
Justin Morrill also pointed out that enforced immigration would further distort the power balance between the federal and state governments. The Bureau of Immigration, Morrill said, would “encourage migration from the populations of Europe, by the authority of the general government, the distribution of which is contemplated by this bill to be made in all sections of the country... without the slightest reference to consulting the states upon the subject.”39
Relocation as Re-Education
Another way to transform the Southern so-called “racist” mind away from the siren song of cotton, was to relocate them in the North. General John Eaton of the Freedmen's Bureau, and later Commissioner of the Bureau of Education, noted: “Cairo (Illinois)... served as a portal through which thousands of poor whites and negroes were sent into the loyal states as fast as opportunities offered for providing them with homes and employment. Many of these became permanent, residents ... [Those who refused to work] were kept under military surveillance and guided authoritatively toward some definite means of self-support ... the
educational influences of the change was noticeable and most important ... Returning South, after perhaps a year's absence, to the neighborhood of their former homes ... [the] transformation through living in the midst of the industries of the North was really very great. They had made the discovery that the possession of a vast property and the ownership of slaves ... was not essential either to self-respect or social standing.”40
Senator Charles Buckalew of Pennsylvania presented the other side. The Freedmen's Bureau, he said, “contemplates the distribution of this population [refugees and former slaves] throughout the whole country and in our Northern states... [They] may object to such an exertion of power or rather a perversion of power by this government... I think the proposition, upon the mere statement of it, is so monstrous, and in its effects, so pernicious, that it ought to receive no favor or indulgence from this body.”41
Confiscation for Off-Budget Education
The Freedmen's Bureau had the first peace time federal education mandate. Overtly, it was to educate the ex-slaves so they could survive in a free society. Covertly, this education was to transform so-called racist whites. “A growing conviction prevails favorable to the introduction by the United States government of a general system of education for the states... Ignorance in the Southern states is one of the most serious obstacles in the way of a thorough reconstruction.”42
Congress forced a federalized education into the South through new state constitutions which compelled tax-supported schools supervised from Washington. But initially Congress authorized no funds for this, either to the states or the Freedmen's Bureau, fearing taxpayers would balk at this great new centralization of power.
So the Freedmen's Bureau funded its schools without Congressional approval or citizen acceptance, setting the legal precedent for current off-budget funding methods: “2,118 schools [are] under the care of the Bureau ... the expenses of the Bureau were met the first year with the proceeds of rents, sale of crops, school taxes, and tuition and sale of ‘Confederate States’ property. The amount raised from all these miscellaneous sources was $1,865,645.40.43
By law, all operations of the Freedmen’s Bureau ended in January 1871, but off-budget funding made it self-supporting. It did not depend on the law to continue its existence. Representative Thompson McNeeley of Illinois was shocked to find this out: “In 1867, $800,000 was appropriated for transportation. And now [in February 1871, a month after its legal termination] the
Winter/Spring 2001
42 Southern Events
House is asked to appropriate $6,000 for 'transportation of officers and agents.' I thought this bureau was to come to an end some time ... we have been promised from time to time that it should come to an end, yet in this bill there are appropriations to the extent of $139,000 to keep it up and continue it.”44
As with many of its other unconstitutional operations, the Freedmen's Bureau confiscated property and nationalized existing schools in the Northern states, too: “There was, at the close of the last school term, in the 13 states lately in rebellion, and including Kentucky, Maiyland, and the District of Columbia [all in the Union], 975 regularly organized schools, 1,405 teachers, 90,778 pupils.”45
Soon civil government began to use the same off-budget techniques. From the “Minority Opinion” of the Reconstruction Committee, as to why the new Alabama state constitution was unconstitutional: “It is made the duty of the governor by an ordinance, which is not published with the constitution, for the information of the people... to organize ‘immediately 137 companies of volunteer militia ... all proceeds of the sale of contraband and captured property seized or captured by the militia shall constitute a part of the fund out of which they shall be paid,’ thus inciting the volunteers to harass the people in time of peace by unlawful seizure to provide the means of paying themselves.”46
When the Freedmen’s Bureau federalized Southern schools, a new “progressive” curriculum was also needed. Where would it come from? It came from the Agriculture Department, which controlled the research of the Morrill colleges; not only crop research but all research. This meant that curriculum experiments were directed and distributed by the Agriculture Department; it meant that land control and mind control were now centralized in this one agency, which now had Cabinet-level status.
Direct mind control was now an important part of the Agriculture Department’s mission: “Nature teaching has been introduced into the common schools ... teacher's manuals and the textbooks for instruction in this branch are being prepared.”47 (Nature teaching, i.e., “science,” emphasized what was observable; it stressed the here-and-now over the past. The past reflected things like racism, like the heroism of “The Rebellion.” Progressive ideas were ‘here-and-now’ ideas.) “The teaching of young children regarding the natural objects and phenomena about them may be so conducted as to lead them to see that a knowledge of nature may be of practical benefit. Their minds will be early trained to recognize the ultimate relation between the scientific and practical knowledge,” to erase the past.48
Federalizing of curriculum led the Agriculture Department to centralize school districts: “Progress is also being made in the movement for the consolidation of rural schools which has already resulted in improved conditions in schools in Ohio and Massachusetts, Iowa and other states.”49 Such consolidation made it possible to introduce nature study.
Conclusion
How does land control as mind control relate to contemporary life? All law works by precedent. All current legislative enactments are based on law created in the distant past. Contemporary law does not spring forth without a grounding in something that already exists.
The present day small-time drug busts that often lead to the total confiscation of a person’s private property-well above the legal limits of the crime-and the massive property takeovers by the IRS for small income tax irregularities, base their legal justification on Reconstruction-era laws and methods. Reconstruction has not yet ended. Now, as then, the politically incorrect must be re-educated or face the consequences - just as in the 1870s.
1.	The Congressional Globe, 37th Congress, 2nd Session (Washington, D.C.: Reprint Edition by United States Historical Documents Institute, Inc., 1970), p. 1690.
2.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1862, p. 22. The Annual Reports cited in this article were published by the Government Printing Office.
3.	Annual Report of Commission of Agriculture, for the Year 1864, pages 4 and 11.
4.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the year 1862, p. 267.
5.Ibid,., p. 19.
6.	Ibid., p. 12
7.	The Congressional Globe, 35th Congress, 2nd
Session, P. 714.
8.Ibid., p. 714. After Virginia's secession. Mason became a Confederate commissioner and gained fame for his capture during the "Trent" Affair.
9.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1868, p. 2.
10.	The Congressional Globe, 40th Congress, 1st Session, p. 467.
11.	The Congressional Globe, 39th Congress, 1st Session, p. 1827.
Winter/Spring 2001
12.	Ibid., p. 3274.
13.	The Congressional Globe, 40th Congress, 1st Session,
14.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1866, p. 6.
15.	The Congressional Globe, 37th Congress, 2nd Session, p. 1074.
16.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1878, p. 4.
17.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1888, p. 483.
18.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1886, p. 11 and Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, the Year 1885, p. 7.
19.	The Congressional Globe, 38th Congress, 1st Session, p. 3327.
20.	Ibid., p. 3346.
21.	Annual Report of Secretary of War, for the Year 1869, pp. 499 and 504.
22.	The Congressional Globe, 39th Congress, 1st Session, pp. 315 and 318.
23.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1867, pp. x and xvii.
24.	The Congressional Globe, 40th Congress, 1st Session, pp. 39 and 75.
25.	Ibid., p. 83.
26.	The Congressional Globe, 38th Congress, 1st Session, p. 2108.
27.	The Congressional Globe, 37th Congress, 2nd Session, p. 1569.
28.	Annual Report of Secretary of Agriculture, for the Year 1896, p. xivi.
29.	12th Census of the United States, 1900, Vol. 5: Agriculture (Washington: U.S. Census Office, 1902), "Number of farms by geographic division," Table I, p. xvii.
30.	Ibid., "Average number of acres per farm by geographic division," Table 111, p. xxi.
31.	The Congressional Globe, 39th Congress, 1st Session, p. 463.
32.	The Congressional Globe, 37th Congress, 2nd Session, p. 1049.
33.	The Congressional Globe, 38th Congress, 1st Session, p. 865.
34.	The Congressional Globe, 39th Congress, 1st Session, p. 4040.
35.	Ibid., p. 4042.
36.	Proceedings of the Trustees of the Peabody Education Trust Fund, Report of the 8th Meeting, 1870 (Boston: Press of John Wilson and Son, 1875), p. 191.
37.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for
the Year 1874, p. 899.
38.	Annual Report of Commissioner of Agriculture, for the Year 1868, p. 465.
39.	The Congressional Globe, 38th Congress, 1st Session, p. 3330.
40.	John Eaton, Grant, Lincoln and the Freedman (New York: St. Martin's Press, 1903), p. 37.
41.	The Congressional Globe, 38th Congress, 1st Session, P. 3329.
42.	Annual Report of Secretary of War, for the Year 1867, P. 673.
43.	Annual Report of Secretary of War, for the Year 1869, pp. 506 and 509.
44.	The Congressional Globe, 41st Congress, 3rd Session p. 1530.
45.	Annual Report of Secretary of War, for the Yearl866, p. 716.
46.	The Congressional Globe, 40th Congress, 2nd Session, p. 510.
47.	Annual Report of Secretary of Agriculture, for the Year 1898, p. xviii.
48.	Annual Report of Secretary of Agriculture, for the Year 1900, p. 175.
49.	Annual Report of Secretary of Agriculture, for the Year 1902, p. Cl.
Mr John Chodes is a published author and League of
the South member who resides in New York City.
ADVERTISE IN SOUTHERN EVENTS
Full page $80 - repeats $65 Half page $50 - repeats $40 Quarter page $30 - repeats $25 3 identical ads for the price of 2 if paid ahead P.O. Box 2517 Selma, Alabama 36702-2517
Winter/Spring 2001
On Being Southern
Part one
by Tommy W. Rogers
The Perennial"I Speak for Democracy" Contest Deep South — Mid 1950s
It is said that as men grow old they often tend to become irrelevantly loquacious and lugubrious. So I tell a story never given expression heretofore. I am an high school senior (1957), unfortunately attending the academy of the self-advertised “World's Most Unusual University”, and which academy portion appeared to be both staffed and inmated with incorrigibles and missionary progeny. After this heinously miserable and soul-punishing incarceration for no known crime committed other than vulnerability, I listened many years later to an escapee from a Soviet prison tell of his experience without feeling sympathy for him. He had been incarcerated in a Russian gulag, but my year as a high school senior had been spent in a barren waste of scorpion-devouring where a dirge that would haunt the years where there was no music playing of the Senior year that lives on in the soul always.
Reading a J. S. Reed tribute to this fundamentalist bastion some three decades after this misfortunate horror which seemed to me to be so incongruous with luck or reason that it surely must have slipped past any overarching protective sovereignty of God unnoticed, Reed’s praise for the place which seemed to him to have such appealing tranquility in the mid-1980s that, as he put it, being on the campus one could think it was 1957, had to be as reverberating as Mr. Davis' discovery of his loved and lost Knox Taylor’s slipper in a trunk when the reality of her presence was long ago and far away.
Reed's mentioning the specific year was like being hit with a wad of glop. I wondered, if I had only observatory rather than experiential acquaintance, if I myself might well may have had a similarly intuitive and favorable opinion. Without the existential misfortune of having been there, it is easy to understand how that one, being intuitively sympathetic and wanting to think the best of such places, simply would not know any better. I do. I was a high school senior there, class of ‘57, torturously enduring September, 1956 to May, 1957. Some years afterward I send the diploma back from some postal station along the Natchez trace, but I will never be able to divest the experiential waste.
But, the anecdote with which I favour the reader is only an incidental part; indcedran-pleasantly recalled
exception, to that experience whose constitutive glue was a continual drudge of dehumanization. The specific occasion is the annual exercise in “I Speak for Democracy” English assignment common to all high school students of the era, a task to be typically addressed within an “I am the flag” scheme or some similar sophomoric framework suitable for adulatory oration. Whoever can make the most smarmy compilation wins for originality, composition, patriotism, and so on.
I'll Take Mv Stand: Adolescent's Arrangement of Priorities
I only vaguely remember my outline - trite, juvenile, peccant to be sure, but I was determined not to make a statement that gave an air of consent to state worship and idolatry, so help me, God. My loyalty was to be apportioned to a) God first; then b) family second; and then, and only then, to c) to the state as government as lowest in the hierarchy of valuing. Some ninetysomething less than the theses Luther nailed on the door at Wittenberg but, after all, it is a one hour class.
I recall citing Thomas Hood’s “I remember, I remember, the house where I was bom\ I remember, I remember, the fir trees tall and high\ I used to think their slender tops reached almost to the sky ...”. The citation was from the anthology Best Loved Poems of the American People, available in the 1950s for five or so dollars in such coal black cover that it could have been laid on the wing of the famous Black Widow WW II seaplane without detection in broad daylight.
How does that, rather than Bunker Hill or Flanders Field, get in a statement supposedly structured to be a potential "I Speak for Democracy" entry? To a seventeen year old simpleton it was very simple: there has to be place to have been and to be from, first and before whatever happens in the halls of Montezuma and on the shores of Tripoli have meaningful worth. And, when it gets down to it, it is only in phylogenetic association with place, to the milieu in which there is opportunity for sons of Adam and daughters of Eve in their individual lives to fulfill the injunction to “live quite lives in all godliness and honesty,” that the wider nation is worthy of value. It is only in the reality of place for “up the meadow and o'er the lee, that's the way for Billy and me” that nation has meaning- The nation has no independent claim to allegiance simply because it is there. The state is not in any sense entitled to imperial claim to be worshipped as if a deity.
National glory to an entity is a statist and foreign notion to Anglican liberty. But we are a people to whom
45 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
national glory apart from a) liberty of conscience and worship and b) home and place, is foreign to our values. It is only to the extent of practical and applied acknowledgement of the supremacy of these greater values that nation is to be valued. Glory of the Fatherlands, we will have none of it! Maudlin perhaps, but surely I am not the only soul who has ever been trapped within defining deficiencies which they often were unable to rise above.
Supposed Paradigm for Becoming Literate
At some point in the 1950s it had occurred to me that if I either learned a verse of something, or a quotable line, on a somewhat daily basis, then someday somewhere down the road around a bend in the road, over the brow of hill, I might find myself approaching quasi-literacy. At least I could express myself in somewhat better form than if limited to efforts of my own manufacture, could converse with myself in more explicit terms. By the end of the decade, there will be little poetry in the soul, and that being superimposed upon by harassment of what parents called “working” even when there were no jobs for college students to be “working” in the late 1950's, and propelled into life shaping decisions alien to myself.
But, this is 1957, and Mildred Armstrong's “I shall remember candlelight and the low fire buming/When the only sound was a quiet word or a book page turning,” and Thomas Aldrich’s “Memory” of “... the very hour -/Over by yonder village tower... The wind came briskly up this way/Cripsing the brook beside the road/Then, passing here, set down its load of pinescents, and shook listlessly/Two petals from the wildrose tree,” were recalled and quoted from my favorite juvenile book of all time, Paul Hutchen’s blue covered anthology Trails of Yesterday. Trails was even more a companion of my spirit than the series of Clair Bee’s Chip Hilton sagas, of which I had most if not all published to that time, witnessed by vision if not played in all their games, listened on the banter of “Speed” and “Biggie” and “Chip” in the local drug drug store soda fountain (“The Sugar Bowl”).
Perhaps being there, surcingled there in death devoid of all the romance and mutality of involvement with cohorts in the time in which the crowning epic of adolescent life space should have been busy with lived-life involvement, brought the contrasting potential of being a senior at home into sharply focused consciousness. Though I did not know of Burke’s phrase as to “the basic inns and nesting places of human nature,” what he meant by that was what I called home,
and that loyalty was placed second, and consciously preemptory of any greater sacredness of claim by any nation state. And going home in mid-semester, in the backyard with with my basketball where I had practiced so much through the years of youth that I felt I could play a piano with it, the lines I've never seen since, “Tomorrow I'll Be Going Home, I've Been Gone Awhile” echoed with me over a journey from Greenville, SC to north Alabama in a trip of which I cannot remember one scene or incident along the way, recall only sitting in the bus when it pulled into the home town bus station in the October bright blue weather and breathing in the existential emptyiness as the perception that I was not at home in a sense of consensual mutuality - the hometown senior year belonged to former cohorts that would not be shared by me.
I had been gone only six weeks, but the fugue, the pique, the presumption, the error, the alienation, was in reality a misdirection many times greater than Joseph’s fourteen years. Having survived in the sense of endured until the singing of Luther’s a mighty fortress at graudation in may, sitting in the backyard of the hometown to which I was now alien from common experience the next spring, a nonsurvivor at being among the Red Raiders I had wanted to join since watching the late 1940's high school football game and hopeing that the Lord would not return before I had my chance to run under the arch lights, the devastation settles upon me that there had been no purpose in any of it. But, back to I speak for democracry...
The Syncretic Delusion: Commingling and Confusing Patriotism with State Worship
Finally, and least of all rather than paramount, consideration of the objective of the adulation to which all attention and obeisance was thought be dutifully directed, the state. It is often to easy to confuse state worship as patriotism. Good people do, conservative people do, Christians do it, and continue to do it. Maybe it was still to close to an era in which children were to be seen and not heard, in which parents thought ‘jobs’ were supposed to be the continual focus to which even childhood and all life itself were only preliminary, and school pupils were supposed to recite that which imprimatur directed, but certainly not question nor critically think. And, maybe an era in which any words other than the approvingly adulatory and mantristic assessment of the nation state seemed inappropriate, and, to minds so small as to be incapable of recognizing otherwise, undoubtedly were inappropriate — “don't talk
46 Southern Events
to your mother that way” where there is no disrespect, just disagreement. The patriae do not know the difference, and have not even a remote grasp that respect as to the person and the contours of the internal, the important is not always and necessarily a one-way street in which “parents know best”. School functionaries often assume unto themselves the dutiful right of directory prerogatives in which they don’t “know best” either.
Articulating a Basis for Rejection of State Worship
I as a high school senior who assuredly could not articulate a covenantal theory of government, nor trace its evolution within the lineage of Anglican liberty as it trimmed the arbitrary power of Kings and provided the basis for building cushions between the individual and his haunts in kith, ken, and associations, on the one hand, and the exercise of power of the collective directly upon him, on the other. Nor could I articulate an authoritative epistemological basis for the responsibility of the people in whom civil sovereignty rightfully resides to hold that government and its functionaries accountable. But, as the colonials could smell the aroma of the good fresh earth and foliage far out to -sea, I was,
I think, looking in a direction under the sail of reasoning wherein a proper destination could thoughtfully be reached. Or perhaps, it could all be summarized as disrespect for our glorious government.
Besides, if ‘freedom’ and ‘democracy’ are so good and are so freedom oriented and sensitive to the demos, then criticism from a high school senior might not be all that threatening. With government I am not well pleased. The Spring of 1957 is not that long after the betrayal of the Hungarian freedom fighters. And it appeared to me that perhaps World War II had not been two well fought in terms of the results politically achieved. Even I was able to recognize that “Uncle Joe” controlled more of the world afterwards that before. And I regarded the UN flag as a spider’s web largely because of an eschatology which put that dubious organisation as the structure of the one world government sure to be controlled by the anti-Christ.
Certainly there was no network of consciousness raising and information providing organisations, nor the publication of the numerous qualitative journals, equal to such as have developed in the last two decades. I would be a college student before I ever saw a National Review, and a graduate student before discovering Human Events. But there was American Mercury on a regular publication schedule; and Carl Mclntire was publishing his Twentieth Century Reformation, and Rev
Winter/Spring 2001
Billy James Hargis, who so ardently attacked communism, the National Council of Churches, and sex education, deviance and perversion, was broadcasting on a Mexican border station and publishing his “Christian Crusade Magazine” while simultaneously establishing a Rose of Sharon realty fortune on dollar contributions and gratuities from “gold star” mothers. Rev Hargis was to peak in the 1970s as a premier anticommunist religious huckster, and seemingly quite creditably so, right up to time he was exposed for using his American Christian College as a smorgasbord for personal gratifications in fornication and perversion. I would have thought him crystal pure - anti-communist, conservative, pre-millennial, a man who recognised that we are in the “last days,” a surely a godly man who was anything but a self-serving exploiter or a pervert!
I think my immediate influence for the “I Speak for Democracy” contest was the American Mercury and a writer, as I recall, named Harold Lord Varney. And I was quite curious about Yalta, about which something did not seem quite right; and I did not quite understand why Joe McCarthy was supposedly so bad; and Rep. Brooks Hays of Arkansas had recently spoken to the student body, and if his supposed Christian identification (I think this gentleman may have been president of the Southern Baptist Convention about that time) was related to admirable political insight, there seemed be an exception to that relationship here in terms of any discemable qualitative depth.
Lampoon for a Pasquinade
Maybe I do not remember the specific details about that 1957 “I Speak for Democracy” reaction other than the general outline because it was an aborted effort, an in-class assignment which, as the hour drones on, and the woman who was the class instructor walked about and looked over shoulders at the escriptors working on their compositions, something drew her attention when she saw my paper. She begins to read aloud; then invites met to the front of the room, where I stand on display while she sits and continues to read, out loud.
It was the part about “blabber mouthed politicians” that sent a sizable portion of the class into quite giggles, not the hilarity of agreement and concurrence with the achievement of a fellow-student who had outlandishly aggrieved a teacher with a successful prank, but the laughter of how-could-anybody-be-such-an-idiot variety, more of disbelief this could occur (as if someone streaked across the stage behind the speaker’s podium at chapel). The giggles were not vicious, nor even condemning, but more unbelieving and the humour
Winter/Spring 2001
coming form the impropriety of someone who has not quite gotten with the program. A NERD was being exhibited.
The denouement is that I am sent but to some kind of dean of the whole apparatus, college and academy. I doubt that he has the capacity for exploration or understanding of ideas, and, looking back, I’m sure the latter was not his function. This character, like the rest of the staff and the whole place, is a concoction of self-righteous gargledegoo. I am there because of alarm that a supposed automaton is not functioning exactly like a mechanical artifact should. The empty suit mouths some words about what a great nation this is, probably too dumb to realize that, the undoubted validity of his premise notwithstanding, his postulate is not a pertinent point with regard to any issue that has been raised by me- a pedestrian pedagogist seeking to build a nation in which official pronouncements are accepted with goose step and heil, and thinking he was doing well. (To Be Continued)
Dr Tommy Wayne Rogers is a founding member of the League of the South. He grew up, as far as he got, in North Alabama at the southernmost tip of the Tennessee River. He resides in Jackson, MS. He is an attorney, and Resident Buzzard at Buzzard Roost Inn.
Electronic
Service
Company
Surveillance Systems Burglar Alarms Audio Components Satellite Systems Computers Camcorders
1125 Church Street Selma, Alabama 36701 Open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm (334)875-2534 Owned and operated by Jim Hamner since 1982
THE STAMP ACT
SELF-INKiNG STAMPER
Get one or both of these 2 flags on high-quality self-inking red ink stampers, small enough to carry with you. Both the 1/2 inch by 1/2 inch square Battle Flag and the 3/4 inch by 1/2 inch Naval Flag are $ 15.00 each*, plus $ 3.00 for each order of up to 5 stampers, to cover the mailing. Average turn-around is 2 weeks.
* add appropriate sales tax - 8% for Montgomery, Alabama residents ($ 16.20 total each, plus shipping), 4% for Alabama residents outside of Montgomery ($ 15.60 total each, plus shipping) and no sales tax ($ 15.00 total each, plus shipping) if you are ordering from outside of Alabama. All money above costs will go to the Alabama Department of Archives and History to preserve heritage battle flags. These stampers are great for displaying your support for Southern Heritage and Rights. Send name, address and how many of which style, along with a check or money order in the correct amount (payable to SCV Camp # 259) to: SCV Camp 259 P. O. Box 1571
Montgomery, Alabama 36102
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
We’re Standing Up for Dixie!
OUR DECLARATION OF PURPOSE:
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.
To join send a written statement that you support the declaration of purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and dues to P O BOX 40910, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35404-0910 Regular Membership Dues:
$40 annually, $60 for husband and wife for more information call 1-800-888-3163
Winter/Spring 2001
themselves as good Americans, patriotic Americans real Americans, non-hyphenated Americans.
The 2000 election exposed numerous fault lines that
Grey Ghost Risin’
Review of: The Southern Notion•
The New Rise of the Old South,
by R. Gordon Thornton. Gretna, LA: Pelican Publishers, 2000.255 pages. $24.95.
by Joe Scotchie
nrhe Southern Nation is a first book. Stylistically, it is I clumsy in parts; the discussion of the Vanderbilt Fugitives, for instance, lacks some depth. Minor quibbles aside, the book is bold, prophetic, and even hopeful. Mr Thornton is here to tell us that Southern independence is not just desirable, but financially doable. Southerners, without truly realizing it, already have a degree of cultural independence. Some of it, such as the ongoing country music phenomenon, is strictly commercial. An enduring Christian culture is more significant. Still, like all other Americans, Southerners remain wedded to the welfare state. Social security and “money for education” moves them more than the culture war.
To make his case, Mr. Thornton gives the global economy a much needed kick in the shins. The South, he convincingly notes, has the natural resources to insure both economic independence and a prosperity unattainable in our permanently overtaxed socialistic regime. Simply consider the resources at our disposal: cotton, sugar, “an ample portion of vegetables,” citrus fruits, com, wheat, timber, soybeans, rice, tobacco, pork, poultry, beef, petroleum, natural gas, coal and salt, not to mention steel, iron, aluminum, tin and lead. Southerners need to be reminded that some of the world’s most productive farmland lies beneath their feet. Many of them already know this. A decent number of our people still live off the land. They may work in factories or offices, but Southerners still eat both what they hunt and what they catch. Many grow food on modest plots of land. Rather than paying costly heating bills, they chop wood in the winter months, and opt for the front porch in the summer, instead of cranking up noisy air conditioners.
That's the economic side of things. Mr Thornton also reminds his fellow Southerners that they are subjects of empire, not citizens of a free republic. This may be a harder sell. Whether it is Serbia or South Carolina, empires cannot tolerate a distinct, vital folk culture. All must be destroyed. On this point, Southerners remain, at best, a confused people. They have allowed themselves to be thoroughly brainwashed by the multitude of anti-Southern bigots in the media and in the classrooms. As importantly, Southerners believe they are fully part of the American nation. They think of
short of radical reform (i.e., an immigration moratorium) will only grow in the coming years. The traditionalist, God-fearing old America — of which the South is its very heart — did win the last election. However, the new America, at its core anti-Western and anti-Christian, holds the demographic upper hand. A day of reckoning is coming, and sooner rather than later. For Southern patriots, these are the darkest of times. Conservative Southerners, on the other hand, still believe they can influence America's future. That pipe dream is probably destined to fail. And if that realization ever sinks in, Mr Thornton's book will serve as a wise counsel for a people crying out to be saved.
^0 Letter From The Trail of Tears ^
by Walter Bryant
I wish I could recall in more detail the history of my Great Granddaddy who was a full blooded Cherokee. It was back in the days of Andrew ‘Old Hickory’ Jackson, who, under the national umbrella of Divine Destiny, reasoned that it was God’s will that the white man rule. So the carnage began. The federal government began to kill off or transplant the Cherokee and other Native Americans in the Southeast as well, either into their own graves or into some other place. The Trail of Tears was a not so much ingenious plan as it was an act of expedience to rid the Southeast of the Cherokee. The Cherokee died on the Trail in mass because they were deliberately deprived of much of the necessary things they needed for their survival.
When the South was invaded again by the Yankees my Great Granddaddy hearkened back to the days of the Trail and he sacrificed on the New Alter of the Confederacy five of his man children who also died at the hands of the Yankees.
The government of the United States of America is, and has always been, a sociopathic regime, regardless of who was in power, when it was engaged in expansionism and domination over territory and of the masses. The United Nations, the New World Order, and One World Government are all a single spawn of the federal government itself, inspired and created for eventual domination and control of the world.
Western expansionism, which began in earnest after the federal ruination of the South, Cherokee and all, began again against the lives and livelihoods of the western Native Americans. Their buffalo were slaughtered, prized peach trees destroyed. Villages
attacked. Men, women and children were slaughtered without mercy. All in the name of Divine Destiny because that was God's will. And all of these atrocities were committed by Yankee troops fresh out of the bloodied Southeast.
I remember seeing an old photograph taken of an old Indian Chief sitting out there in the West somewhere, right in front of his tepee holding an American flag. The flag of their enemy. A surrender flag sort of, but mainly a ‘save-his-people flag’, signifying that they were ... also Americans. The Yankees killed him anyway, and killed off his whole village as well.
So, from a historical perspective should not the federal flag which our public facilities and churches fly so happily down here in the Southeast be more correctly viewed as a symbol of death and destruction wrought against its own people, particularly here in the South, against native Americans or otherwise, under the misguided pretense and lie that such atrocities were “God’s Holy Will”? Think about it.
Mr Walter L. Bryant is the director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative. He may be reached at Downhome @ bellsouth. net
The Union League and Reconstruction inAlabama
Historical excerpt from pages 562-568 of Civil War and Reconstruction in Alabama, by Dr Walter L.
Fleming, 1905, Columbia University Press
As soon as possible after the war each negro had supplied himself with a gun and a dog as badges of freedom. As a usual thing, he carried them to the Union League meetings, and nothing was more natural than that the negroes should begin drilling at night. Armed squads would march in military formation to the place of assemblage, there be drilled, and after the close of the meeting, would march along the roads shouting, firing their guns, making great boasts and threats against persons whom they disliked. If the home of such a person happened to be on the roadside, the negroes usually made a practice of stopping in front of the house and treating the inmates to unlimited abuse, firing off their guns in order to waken them. Later military parades in the daytime were much favoured. Several hundred negroes would march up and down the roads and streets, and amuse themselves by boasts, threats, and abuse of whites, and by shoving whites off the sidewalks or out of the road. But, on the whole, there was very little actual violence done to the whites, much less than might have been expected....
Winter/Spring 2001
The relations between the races, with exceptional cases, continued to be somewhat friendly until 1867-1868. In the communities where the League and the Freedmen’s Bureau were established, the relations were soonest strained. For a while in some localities, before the advent of the League, and in others where the Bureau was conducted by native magistrates, the negroes looked to their old master for guidance and advice, and the latter, for the good of both races, were most eager to retain a moral control over the blacks. Barbecues and picnics were arranged by the whites for the blacks, speeches were made, good advice given, and all promised to go well. Sometimes the negroes themselves would arrange the festival and invite prominent whites to be present, for whom a separate table attended by the best waiters would be reserved; and after dinner there would be speaking by both whites and blacks. With the organisation of the League, the negroes grew more reserved, and finally unfriendly to the whites. The League alone, however, was not responsible for the change. The League and the Bureau had to some extent the same personnel, and it is impossible to distinguish clearly between the work of the League and that of the Bureau. In many ways the League was simply the political side of the Bureau. The preaching and teaching missionaries were also at work.
When the campaign grew exciting, the discipline of the order was used to prevent the negroes from attending Democratic meetings or hearing Democratic speakers. The League leaders even went farther and forbade the attendance of the blacks at Radical political meetings where the speakers were not endorsed by the League.... At a Republican mass-meeting a white republican wanted to make a speech. The negroes voted that he should not be allowed to speak because he was “opposed to the Loyal League.” He was treated to abuse and threats of violence. He then went to another place to speak, but was followed by the crowd, which refused to allow him to say anything. The League was the machine of the Radical party, and all candidates had to be governed by its edicts. Nominations to office were usually made in its meetings.
Every negro was ex colore a member or under the control of the League. In the opinion of the League, white Democrats were bad enough, but black Democrats were not to be tolerated. The first rule was that all blacks must support the Radical programme. It was possible in some cases for a negro to refrain from taking an active part in political affairs. He might even fail to vote. But it was martyrdom for a black to be a Democrat; that is, try to follow his old master in politics. The whites, in many cases, were forced to advise their
50 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
faithful black friends to vote the Radical ticket that they might escape mistreatment. There were numbers of black men, as late as 1868, who were inclined to vote with the whites, and to bring them into line all the forces of the League were brought to bear. They were proscribed in negro society, and expelled from negro churches, nor would the women “proshay” (appreciate) a black Democrat. The negro man who had Democratic inclinations was sure to find that influence was being brought to bear upon his sweetheart or wife to cause him to see the error of his ways, and persistent adherence to the white party would result in the loss of her. The women were converted to Radicalism long before the men, and almost invariably used their influence strongly for the purpose of the League. If moral suasion failed to cause the delinquent to am the fight, other methods were used. Threats were common from the first and often sufficed, and fines were levied by the League on recalcitrant members. In case of the more stubborn, a sound beating was usually effective to bring about a change of heart. The offending darky was “bucked and gagged,” and the thrashing administered, the sufferer being afraid to complain of the way he was treated. There were many cases of aggravated assault, and a few instances of murder. By such methods the organisation succeeded in keeping under its control almost the entire negro population. The discipline over the active members was stringent. They were sworn to obey the orders of the officials. A negro near Clayton disobeyed the “Cap’n” of the League and was tied up by the thumbs; and another for a similar offence was “bucked” and whipped. A candidate having been nominated by the League, it was made the duty of every member to support him actively. Failure to do so resulted in a fine or other more severe punishment, and members that had been expelled were still under the control of the officials.
The effects of the teachings of the League orators were soon seen in the increasing insolence and defiant attitude of some of the blacks, in the greater number of stealings, small and large, in the boasts, demands, and threats made by the more violent members of the order. Most of them, however, behaved remarkably well under the circumstances, but the few unbearable ones were so much more in evidence that the suffering whites were disposed to class all blacks together as unbearable. Some of the methods of the Loyal League were similar to those of the later Ku Klux Klan. Anonymous warnings were sent to the obnoxious individuals, houses were burned, notices were posted at night in public places and on the doors of persons who had incurred the hostility of the League. In order to destroy the influence of the whites where kindly relations still existed, an
“exodus order” was issued through the League, directing all members to leave their old homes and obtain work elsewhere. This was very effective in preventing control by the better class of whites. Some of the blacks were loath to leave their old homes, but to remonstrances from the whites the usual reply was: “De word done sont to de League. We got to go.”
In Bullock County, near Perote, a council of the League was organized under the direction of a negro emissary, who proceeded to assume the government of the community. A list of crimes and punishments was adopted, a court with various officials established, and during the night all negroes who opposed them were arrested. But the black sheriff and his deputy were arrested by the civil authorities. The negroes then organized for resistance, flocked into Union Springs, the county seat, and threatened to exterminate the whites and take possession of the county. Their agents visited the plantations and forced the laborers to join them by showing orders purporting to be from General Swayne, giving them the authority to kill all who resisted them. Swayne sent out detachments of troops and arrested fifteen of the ringleaders, and the Perote government collapsed.
When first organized in the Black Belt, and before native whites were excluded from membership, numbers of whites joined the League upon invitation in order to ascertain its objects, to see if mischief were intended toward the whites. And to control, if possible, the negroes in the organisation. Most of these became disgusted and withdrew, or were ejected on account of their politics. In Marengo County several white Democrats joined the League at McKinley in order to keep down the excitement amused by other councils, to counteract the evil influences of alien emissaries, and to protect the women of the community, in which but few men were left after the war. The men succeeded in controlling the group and in preventing the discussion of politics in the meetings. The League was made simply a club where the negroes met to receive advice, which was to the effect that they should attend strictly to their own affairs and vote without reference to any secret organisation. Finally, they were advised to withdraw from the order
For two years, 1867-1869, the League was the machine in the Radical party, and its leaders formed the ‘ring’ that controlled party action. Nominations for office were regularly made by the local and state councils. It is said that there were stormy times in the councils when them were more carpet-baggers than offices to be filled. The defeated candidate was apt to run as an independent, and in order to be elected would sell himself to the whites. This practice resulted in a weakening of the influence of the machine, as the
51 Southern Events
Winter/Spring 2001
members were sworn to support the regular nominee, and the negroes believed that the terrible penalties would be inflicted upon the political traitor. The officers would go among the negroes and show their commissions, which they pretended were orders from General Swayne or General Grant for the negroes to vote for them. A political catechism of questions and answers meant to teach loyalty to the Radical party was prepared in Washington and sent out among the councils, to be used in the instruction of negro voters.
After it was seen that existing political institutions were to be overturned, the white councils and, to a certain extent, the negro councils became simply associations for those training for leadership in the new party soon to be formed in the state by act of Congress. The few whites who were in control did not care to admit more white members, as there might be too many to share in the division of the spoils. Hence we find that terms of admission were made more stringent, and, especially after the passage of the Reconstruction Acts, in March, 1867, many applicants were rejected. The alien element was in control of the League. The result was that where the blacks were numerous the largest plums fell to the carpet-baggers. The negro leaders--politicians, preachers, and teachers — trained in the League, acted as subordinates to the white leaders in controlling the black population, and they were sent out to drum up the country negroes when elections drew near. They were also given minor positions when offices were more plentiful than carpet-baggers. All together they received but few offices, which fact was later a cause of serious complaint.
The largest white membership of the League was in 1865-1866, and after that date it constantly decreased. The largest negro membership was in 1867 and 1868. Only the councils in the towns remained active after the election of 1868, for after the discipline of 1867 and 1868 it was not necessary to look so closely after the plantation negro, and he became a kind of visiting member of the council in the town. The League as an organisation gradually died out by 1869, except in the laigest towns. Many of them were transformed into political clubs, loosely organized under local political leaders. The Ku Klux Klan undoubtedly had much to do with breaking up the League as an organisation. The League as the ally and successor of the Freedmen's Bureau was one of the causes of the Ku Klux movement, because it helped to create the conditions which made such a movement inevitable. In 1870 the Radical leaders missed the support formerly given by the League, and an urgent appeal was sent out all over the State from headquarters in New York by John Keifer and others advocating the reestablishment of the Union Leagues to assist in carrying the elections of 1870.
However, before its dissolution, the League had served its purpose. It made it possible for a few outsiders to control the negro by alienating the races politically, as the Bureau had done socially. It enabled the negroes to vote as Radicals for several years, when without it they either would not have voted at all or they would have voted as Democrats along with their former masters. The order was necessary to the existence of the Radical party in Alabama. No ordinary political organisation could have welded the blacks into a solid party. The Freedmen's Bureau, which had much influence over the negroes for demoralization, was too weak in numbers to control the negroes in politics. The League finally absorbed the personnel of the Bureau and inherited its prestige.
+ + +
Southerner Thomas Wolfe was one of the most eloquent and forceful novelists of all time. Richard Ellman called his writing, “a powerful prose that was often close to poetry.” Joseph Scotchie revisits the works of Wolfe in this concise 155 page book, along with a previously unpublished interview by the publisher with one of Wolfe’s boyhood pals. The paperback version is $14.99 and is available from Amazon.com