(American ^ationaliai ^eheratton
P.O. BOX 158 LAWRENCEVILLE, GEORGIA 30246 JIMMY A. WYNN, Board Member
David Holland/Southern White Knights	August 2, 1988
P.O. Box 476 Redan, GA. 30074
Dear Mr. Holland;
As you know the A.N.F. has been very active in the Gwinnett area and we were the first to become involved in the issue of the N.A.A.C.P. coming here with the intention of forcing the Gwinnett Gounty Commission to implement pro-black hiring policies. We helped to expose the Swain case and the issues were settled fairly and impartially by the Gwinnett Gounty Commission. Therefore, I hope that you can understand our interest in your upcoming parade and rally here.
At the present time public opinion favors the right wing in this county. It doesn't take a college degree to see that the N.A.A.C.P. and related left wing organizations are doing their best to destroy our nation. The A.N.F. has worked very hard here to get the confidence of the people in G/innett.
By contrast the Southern White Knights wants to "protest" in Gwinnett. Sir I implore you to study this situation a little more carefully before you protest.
You and I know that the average Ku Klux Klan rally consists of negativism in the form of your speakers going into a tirade with racial epithets and language which is only conducive to violent confrontations. Make no mistake, the A.N.F. is NOT afraid to fight. But, we are asking you and your group not to "protest" when you oome to Gwinnett. Your appearance here should be upbeat, positive, friendly and you should project some humility. Although the residents here are predominantly conservative, they will not support radical militants whose actions only benefit the ratings of the news media for choosing to show "radical hatemongers and bigots." I'm asking you not to be a fool and play into the media's hands. Already the Southern White Knights are hurting themselves with stories from the news media using emotion laden buzz words like white supremacists, protests, and Mr. Starnes vows of "500 marchers."
When you speak, remember to thank the citizens of Gwinnett who have supported Mr. Veneable in having the park in Stone Mountain named after him. Remember to thank the Gwinnett County Commission for not jumping on the blacks bandwagon and let them know you appreciate their impartiality on this issue. You will have
much more success and acceptance if you will leave the screaming, name-calling and sensationalism to the other side.
■Ar
You are welcome to come to Gwinnett and voice your views; however, I can speak for the overwhelming majority when I tell you that a wrong attitude here will not be to your advantage. It will not gain you any new members, it will cost you public support, and it could set our efforts back two years or more. If you come here to educate, inform, and recruit then you will not find many that oppose that. On the other hand, a negative protest in neutral territory such as Gwinnett will only hurt your organization as well as the A.N.F.
Most white people know that race mixing is wrong. The American Nationalist Federation is trying to educate the community as to the immorality and dangers of a racially mixed society. The news and entertainment industry have brainwashed the average white person into artificially accepting the communist theory of racial equality. Deep down inside every white person rejects part or all of the Lysenko theory. You have the responsibility of educating the public during your visit here. I'm just hoping that you will not give credence to the left wings charges of being a hatemonger, bigot, radical, etc.
I end this letter by wishing you Godspeed. Please heed this advice as we cannot afford to lose support of a community that has opened its doors and afforded you the opportunity to voice your opinion. Perhaps you may not agree with me on many issues but, I admonish you to take heed of my advice. While your organization and the A.N.F. are quite different, the fact that both of us represents whites makes your success or failure here a vital concern to us. The A.N.F. has worked hard for the public and I hope you take that into consideration.
In the service of Christ
Jimmy A. Wynn, Board Member A.N.F.