American Rationalist JJjeheration
P.O. BOX 158 LAWRENCEVILLE, GEORGIA 30246
specie L
/v/£ W Si£TTER
SEAT- ©CT.
PERSONALLY FROM THE EDITOR
Here it is... our third issue. I first want to thank those very few dedicated enough to insure the mailing of this issue of the A.N.F. Newsletter. Your help, your support, and your commitment to the cause are worth far more than air the words I could ever write.
On the other side of the coin, the vast majority of our readers obviously did not read our last issue. Other groups are still begging for funds to continue and I could only thank a precious few of you out there because only a small handful of patriots are underwriting the cost of all the organizations. Before we get to the business of the day, let me tell you the way it is from our viewpoint. To begin with, I have come to the conclusion that many of our readers and most of the people that attend the various functions are: a) literature collectors b) hobbyists c) armchair revolutionaries d) once-a-month complainers and/or e) spies for the ADL, NAACP, or some other left wing group. It breaks my heart that there aren't enough "patriots" left to fill a bathroom. It makes me mad that the bulk of our people have money for cigarettes and beer (which aren't essential for life or even survival); our people have money for ball games, videos, and fast foods; our people have time for the Jewish made movies, car shows, sports events, and the nightlife and these very same people don't have a dime a day nor an hour a week to spare for the "cause" they say they support.
The American Nationalist Federation cannot afford to relearn the lessons of the past. Therefore, I admonish you, I ask you, I'm pleading with you to SUPPORT the causes you claim to believe in. Your sympathy, your complaints, your empathy, and your concurrence with our position is still fifty cents shy of being worth a cup of coffee in most places. If any group (not just the A.N.F.) is to survive (much less succeed) it must have money. It must have members willing to donate time and it must have a core of followers willing to be physically present when the need arises. This we don't have. If you care anything at all about your race, your country, your family or the God that put you here, you will wake up and stop making lame excuses for not helping and doing your fair share. The time to quit being stingy, apathetic, disinterested and greedy is NOW!!
For far too long we have had too many chiefs and not enough Indians. If that's your excuse for not supporting us, I challenge you to do better. Put up or shut up. The jealousy, rivalry, and the bickering has made us the laughing stock of every race on the globe.
Page 1
We, like all well meaning organizations have a lot of hopes and dreams but, it is impossible to send you the books, tapes, and other material when we aren't receiving enough contributions to even pay for typesetting, blank tapes and p^per.
If you want to support us...or any group, quit making excuses. Put a few dollars in an envelope each month and send it from an out of town post office if you need anonymity. Budget your time and your money and help out unless you just don't care.
In any event, I've said all I'm going to say on this subject. I've watched too many groups fall by the wayside because our so-called patriotic friends and brethren were too cheap and stingy to pull their fair share of the burden. The bottom line is this: The A.N.F. cannot afford to keep deadbeats on our mailing list. If you don't write us, donate, call, order material, or show that you are in some way active, you will be dropped from our rolls. If you cannot afford to donate money, then donate seme of your time. If you have no time to spare, donate a few dollars. Writing letters to newspaper editors, political leaders, religious leaders, tv and radio talk show programs, etc. are all helpful. The A.N.F. is an ACTIVIST organization, not a paper tiger. That's all on this subject.***
IN REMEMBRANCE OF
For some of you this newsletter will be a little late to honor our heroes; however, we did not receive ANY interest in doing anything special to commemorate our fallen patriots. Nonetheless, we want to remember two of our finest soldiers.
Commander George Lincoln Rockwell- March 9, 1918 - August 25, 1967 Although Rockwell was a "Nazi" he served this country well. He was a U.S. Navy pilot who had first-hand knowledge of the Jewish-Gommunist takeover of America. Despite the fact that he had no knowledge of his true biblical-racial identity and he was a convert to the nazi viewpoint, he did fight for our race, our U.S. Constitution and the advancement of our Western culture. Commander Rockwell was of the highest moral character and he was felled by an assassin's bullet. His untimely death was a blow to everybody who knew this great man. His experiences led the way for many of our best leaders. We will always cherish the memory of this great leader.
U.S. Rep. Lawrence McDonald- Tarry McDonald was among the last of the true anti-communist leaders in the U.S. Congress. On the last day of August in 1983,
Rep. McDonald was killed by Soviet communists as he traveled aboard flight 007.
The popular slogan at the time was "this time we shall not forget." After our last newsletter soliciting suggestions on how to commemorate this tragic lost, it became apparent that the slogan was a lot of empty air. Nobody cared enough to respond. Your editor remembers and will not forget. McDonald was our very best. He is sorely missed.
Page 2
We Came, We Saw
As most of you know Richard Barrett of the so-called Nationalist Movement went to the Democratic National Convention with an assortment of Klan members, skinheads and other white activists to protest. It came as no surprise that Mr. Barrett was run out of town, his truck damaged by the liberals and his flags burned in the streets of Atlanta. Barrett has set the patriotic white movement back at least twenty years with his nonsense. On page 5B of the Gwinnett Daily News are pictures of the event. One picture has two rather feminine looking guys watching the white people leave town. On the back of one of these fellow's teeshirt is the catchy phrase "We Came We Saw We Kicked Your Ass." Another picture has Frank Shirley dressed in full camo gear, shooting a nazi salute with one hand while displaying the Thunderbolt in the other hand.
It doesn't matter whether you agree with these professional protestors or not. This gives the wrong message to the general public. Barrett will not get a second chance to make a good first impression. As best as I can tell, Barrett is through in the state of Georgia. To add insult to injury, it was reported to me that Barrett refused to allow the ACLU to help insure a second protest so that Barrett could make his speech. Check out our OPINIONS section for the public's view. Also, Barrett tries to sell "democracy" to us so I will include a short article on this "democracy" business in this issue.
V ' “
Hj
KKK March
On September 3, 1988 the Southern White Knights will cane to Lawrencevilie,
GA. for a rally and march. Under its present billing, namely that it is a protest the A.N.F. is not endorsing it. Neither are we condemning it. Enclosed in this issue is a letter sent to Dave Holland as to our position.
Your Help Needed
You know that if we are to progress beyond this small newsletter with the typewriter look we must purchase canputer equipment, have more volunteers to help us and have some of you out there helping write the articles. We simply must expand to get more insight as your editor's opinion is not the last word on the issues. Your help and input will be greatly appreciated.
If anybody out there has any old books, tapes, newsletters, papers, etc. that they would care to donate to the library, we'd be more than grateful.
Page 3
Earlier in this issue I promised to show you the difference between a democracy and a republic. As many of know, Richard Barrett of Mississippi has been getting patriots behind his banner of "democracy." At heart Mr. Barrett cannot be faulted. On the other hand, as an attorney he ought to know this subject. I don't want to get into the debate of democan vs. republicrat. I just want to show you the difference between these two systems.
The United States Constitution provides: "The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government..." (Article 4 Sec. 4) Nowhere in the Constitution are we promised a democracy. Now, what is the difference? The Preamble of the U.S. Constitution begins with "We the People of the United States..." If you will study the court decisions regarding the meaning of just who "We, the People" are you will find that the court*s opinion was "We, the People" were made up of only free white persons "for our mutual defense as a nation (race.) See the court decision Dred Scott v. Sanford 19 How. 393. Under this Republican form of government we were guaranteed many rights. In addition many Rights were guaranteed as being God given. Among some of your God given rights are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Your legal rights included the right to worship, the right to own firearms, freedom of the press, the right to peacefully assemble, the right to freedom of speech, and freedom of association.
Bear in mind that our forefathers started our Christian republic using the Holy Bible as their guide. The Bible states "Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee, whom the Lord thy God shall choose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother." (Deut. 17:15) Our critics can charge us with racism or prejudice until hades freezes over but, they will never erase the fact that the Bible commands us NOT to let strangers (those other than our racial kinsmen) rule over us.
At the heart of our U.S. Constitution are several things we need to be aware of: a) The U.S. Constitution was intended for whites. b) As long as our nation was racially separated we enjoyed the greatest degree of liberty, freedom and prosperity ever known in the annals of history, c) In a Christian republic we were guaranteed certain rights and some rights were acknowledged to be God given.
By contrast the "democracy" operates on majority rule. Today our political leaders trying to compromise between a democracy and a republic will tell you we live in a democratic republic. That phrase is about as meaningful as saying a person is a virgin whore or an automobile is new pre-owned. Democracy means the majority* rule. You have the right to freedom of the press until the majority determine that a given political viewpoint should be suppressed. As you recall some of the more "democratic" laws include the recent law banning the future
Page 4
manufacture of certain guns to civilians, the Genocide Treaty which nullified your freedom of speech, and the scores of bills by democrats to get illegal aliens the same status as citizens. Yes, you had rights until the democrats figure § way to swing public sentiment against your rights. Then the hell with your U.S. Constitution, the majority rules.
*
Stated another way, the typical democracy in action is closely akin to the old lynch nobs in the 1800s. All the rights in the world count for nothing in those instances because the majority rules. I hope that Mr. Barrett's attempt at marching with his "majority" in the streets of Atlanta have taught him and some of you out there that democracy doesn't work. If he hasn't learned the lesson by now he just might be swinging from the end of a rope the next time we see him... compliments of one of those democratic majorities in Atlanta.
In closing this article let me tell you that this has nothing to do with the political parties of democrats and republicans except to say that democrats and their political philosophy is so out of tune with the U.S. Constitution that it is impossible to be a democrat and an American. We stand a much better chance in the Republican party even though they are for big business instead of the working guys like us.
Our Man Wins
Joe Hoffman, the first candidate to meet with a racialist leader for the purpose of soliciting political support has won the Republican primary. Hoffman will butt heads with Ed Jenkins, the incumbent for the 9th district House of Representatives seat.
In other races, Vinson Wall won the Republican primary with a 3 to 1 margin for Wall's seat on the State House of Representatives. While Mr. Wall is not a racialist, his views are much like ours on the major issues.
In Stock
We now have two books in stock. Here's a description:
R101- Bible Handbook for Survivalists, Racists, Tax Protestors, Militants, and Right Wing Extremists. This book's title needs no other explanation $2.00 each ppd. R102 - The Real Hate Group - This book is a classic as it exposes the real hatemongers from a biblical perspective. Illustrated with cartoons in order to help the reader grasp the message. It's among our best books.	$2.00	each	ppd
Order both books for $3.00 ppd.
Page 5
Volunteers Needed
As many of you know we are trying to get a regular spot on cable television. In order to be considered, we must have our own crew to shoot segments of our program. So we have to ask all of you in the Atlanta area to consider giving up some Saturdays and get certified as a cameraman. Then you would have to be able to help out occasionally when we begin shooting our own series.
For more information call the A.N.F. editor, Jimmy Wynn at (404) 962-6738 weekdays between 10 am and 2 pm for more information.
Operation Education
Some of our supporters have asked us what we're involved in right now. Well, in addition to building up the membership base of the A.N.F. we are currently involved in sending out some literature to school board members, PTA leaders, political candidates, religious leaders and others who have an impact on public policy. Accompanying this literature is a letter asking for their views and opinions. We don't ask that they believe in the A.N.F. or support us. We feel that if they read the literature and respond back they are informed. If these people read the literature, they are aware of certain facts that they won't hear anywhere else. At this stage it isn't important whether they support us or not.
Parting Shot
In wrapping up this issue of the A.N.F. Newsletter I must make some important observations: we still are spending the bulk of our funds on trying to convince others to support us so we can reach the public; we are still wasting enormous amounts of money and time trying to get many to make a solid commitment to support the A.N.F. and the other groups espousing views similar to ours. This boils down to one cold hard reality: unless we get some support, the A.N.F. will soon fold • financially. Is this what you really want?
As of this date, we have over 1100 names on our mailing list. We've spent all of our time and money cn newsletters, booklets, tracts, etc. so we haven't sent out the applications that sit patiently at the printers while we beg people for the money to pay for them. After reading the writings of George Lincoln Rockwell, Gerald L.K. Smith, and the various current newsletters like ours it becomes obvious that some out there don't care about the movement. Well let me put this into perspective for you. The last published reports by the ADL in 1988 estimates there are just under 5000 KKK members nationwide. This isn't enough people to fill up a medium sized civic center. If you count in the John Birch
Society, the Daughters of the American Revolution, Conservative Caucus, and the other really activist groups we might get a little over 100,000 members. So, now when you consider the various laws that have been passed during the Reagan administration (The Genocide Treaty, Gun Control, Amnesty for Illegal Aliens, etc.) you can see the urgency for my telling you that if you're going to get involved for everyone' s sake DO IT NOW i 11
Again, I must reiterate a point in favor of supporting the A.N.F. We are the ONLY group in America that isn't hampered by laws pertaining to nonprofit corporations and churches. There is no limit to the degree of involvement in the political or religious issues we tackle. To further add points in our favor, you don't have to drop out of any present group just to join us. If that isn't enough, we have no dues in the A.N.F. Our good points might be our death knell too. If we don't get some response from this newsletter, we may go belly up. If you can find a better organization that has the same possibilities as the A.N.F. I'll join it and also pay your dues for helping me find it.
God willing, applications should follow this newsletter shortly...If some of you begin to help us out. Also, for those who do not contact us soon, you are about to be dropped from our mailing list. Many of you never call, write, or even send word that you're interested. Until next issue (if we get to print another one) God bless you and if the A.N.F. can help you, please contact us.
Opinions
Why the protests?
Dear Editor: It astounds me that our society feels the most effective way to make a change in our government is to demonstrate, picket, or solicit news coverage. Have our values of rights and property diminishe<fto the point that we have forgotten how to peacefully make changes in our society?
How many of these“shock tactic” citizens have taken the time to write a letter to the editor, write their congressman, post a legitimate petition for change, or have taken the time to investigate and review their candidates platform for continuity in beliefs?
It’s never to late!
Marilyn Pendleton Lawrenceville
kj tjzrr T>+)/y ^
PI'Wm r o. ,coo
Page 7