AMERICAN NATIONALIST FEDERATION VICTORY PROGRAM FOR 1989
1990 (unofficial)
Dear Reader:
The enclosed A.N.F. Victory Program represents many years of hard work and experience by members of America's fastest growing pro-American, white activist organization. While many organizations are presenting their platforms and programs for the destruction of our nation, we are proud to offer you the A.N.F. Victory Program which is designed to save our great nation and the people who built it.
We, of the American Nationalist Federation, truly believe that once the American people read our platform, hear the issues openly discussed, and weigh the facts against the fiction (and hype) they will support the A.N.F. Victory Program.
There are many organizations out there with lofty slogans, slick uniforms, and oceans of rhetoric. The A.N.F. Victory Program is a milestone in the pro-American white activist movement. Here for your examination is a platform of ideals and beliefs. Not only will you see a platform of ideology but, a blueprint of goals and objectives designed so that we may begin implementing our program into the mainstream of public opinion. Having a stand on the issues without having a plan to implement your stand into action is tantamount to having a car and not having any gas to go anywhere nor a map to tell you which direction to go.
We are very proud to place this Victory Program into your hands. Please examine it. Help distribute our Victory Program.
If you like what you see and you can meet our requirements, by all means submit an application for membership. If an application isn't enclosed with this Victory Program, just write or call and we will send you one. Remember: United We Stand - Divided We Fall.
Thank You 1
The American Nationalist Federation Staff
A COMPLETE INTRODUCTION TO THE AMERICAN NATIONALIST FEDERATION
In 1988, several friends and I were trying to decide what organization we should join. We were all agreed that America as we know it is disappearing right before our very eyes. Where we once had freedom of religion we now have a communistic doctrine of separation of church and state; where we once had the right to keep and bear arms, now we have gun registration, waiting periods and limitations on what type of gun you can own; where we once enjoyed a God given liberty known as freedom of association, we now have a set of laws to force us to associate with those whose values are not the same as ours.
My friends and I could see the writing on the wall. While we totally disagreed with the "system" there just weren't any groups out there that were fighting back very effectively. Also, almost all of my friends (myself included) had been in one or more of the existing organizations. We were tired of defeat and frustrated by those in our own ranks who just didn't want to win the hearts and minds of our fellow countrymen. The more we discussed the issues, the plainer the answers became....we really needed a NEW organization. We needed an organization that wanted to assert the rights, liberties and the system of justice that our forefathers fought for, bled for and died for. We needed an organization with a blueprint, a plan, a program (if you prefer that term) to reclaim our nation. To make a long story short, it was through those discussions that the American Nationalist Federation was born.
So what is the American Nationalist Federation? Well if you can ask what it is we can tell you yes. Does that sound strange?
Let me tell you then some of the things the A.N.F. is involved in.
We are affiliated with Christian-Identity churches throughout the world. While we don't espouse a doctrinal position ourselves, we are working with the establishing of churches which acknowledge the white man and his Christian heritage. The A.N.F. is also a political organization. We endorse candidates, report to you on issues and even have our own members involved in the political process. The A.N.F. through its various programs is trying to
influence public policy. The A.N.F. is also engaged in the actual process of educating political leaders on the issues.
The A.N.F. is a lot more too. We are an educational organization. We have all kinds of books, audio and video tapes, tracts, pamphlets, and hundreds of position papers written by experienced people. We have seminars, a speakers bureau, and we hold meetings on a variety of issues. The A.N.F. is the largest pro-American, pro-white think tank group in the United States.
Just as the Mormons stress preparedness for their members, the A.N.F. does the same thing. We lead the way in planning and organizing in case of natural disasters (floods, tornadoes, etc.) Yes, we even print and disseminate information on nuclear disasters. Also, the A.N.F. has groups organized for the purpose of teaching gardening, canning, outdoor skills, and health improvement just to name a few.
Finally, the A.N.F. is a youth oriented and family oriented organization offering counseling, recreational activities, family improvement material, housing and job assistance, educational assistance, referral services, and much more.
This is the American Nationalist Federation. Now you know a little about what we do. We do those things and much more.
Now, we want to tell you what the A.N.F. believes in and why we believe it. Then we will show you the goals and objectives of the A.N.F.
The American Nationalist Federation Victory Program
4
The American Nationalist Federation is a pro-American, pro-Christian, white activist organization. Simply put the A.N.F. is for the advancement, preservation, and protection of the white, Anglo-Saxon, Scandinavian, Germanic and kindred people. UJe believe in the United States Constitution as originally written and intended. We believe that America was founded as a Christian Nation. The A.N.F. is pro-family and pro-life.
The A.N.F. is opposed to communism, forced racial integration, gun control, abortion, and the unchecked flow of illegal immigration into our country. American Nationalist Federation members are at the forefront in the war against drug and alcohol abuse.
While the above is not a complete listing of what the A.N.F. is for or what it is against, it does serve as an introduction to the general ideology of the A.N.F. and our Victory Program. A more detailed listing of our beliefs is listed under the heading of "The Issues."
As an activist organization, the A.N.F. is involved in many areas to attain our goals. The seven primary areas in which the American Nationalist Federation is involved are: 1) Education 2) Research
3)	Organization 4) Political Organization 5) Community Development 6) Information and Referral Service and 7) Social Activism.
In order to serve the needs of the white community and to accommodate our members, the A.N.F. is divided into eight major divisions. Every A.N.F. member gets to decide which division (s) they wish to become involved in. No A.N.F. member is ever required to support any program in the organization he or she may not want to be involved in. Example: if you wish only to support the Political Action Committee, you would be assigned to that division and kept up-to-date on that division. Furthermore, any money you donate can be earmarked for the division or the specific areas you designate.
Affiliate organizations, that is organizations which affiliate themselves with our efforts, have the same option to support the program and/or division of their choice. The A.N.F. has many different affiliate organizations that are helping in many different areas. We exchange newsletters with these affiliate organizations and work with each other on issues of mutual concern. Many A.N.F. members are also a member of an affiliate organization.
Before a discussion of the major divisions we must, of necessity, list our goals and objectives so that the reader can get a better understanding of the A.N.F. The basic objective of the A.N.F. is to bring about a general consensus of opinion, a meeting of the minds if you prefer, to all our uhite racial brethren in America. Another basic objective of the A.N.F. is to bring some balance and objectivity to the white racial hatred, media suppression, political apathy, and historical misinformation now prevalent
5
in our society. Finally, we uant to give every white person and organization a vehicle whereby they can work with and associate with like minded individuals in projects that will promote the white people and their heritage.
The goals of the A.N.F. change periodically to insure success, lihenever one goal is met, we will set another goal. The current goals of the American Nationalist Federation are to: A) Change the public perception of the white activist movement to a positive outlook B) Establish political action committees in every state to effect political change C) Establish churches and schools that are concerned with the white man’s plight. D) Start a legal defense program and defense fund for persecuted patriots. E) Get the pro- white viewpoint in the movies, talk shows, and entertainment media with a positive look. F) Establish educational, research, and youth centers in every state.
With a clear understanding of the goals and objectives of the mind, we move to the issues. We now define the most important issues. Many accept or reject the American Nationalist Federation on the basis of the issues. While the American Nationalist Federation cannot address every conceivable issue, it can address those which have the greatest impact on our society.
THE ISSUES	THE ISSUES	THE	ISSUES	THE ISSUES	THE ISSUES	THE	ISSUES
Communism- Among the greatest threats facing America today is the threat of communism. Sometimes communism comes disguised as liberalism, "civil rights," or universal brotherhood. Due to the fact that even well intentioned people accept some facet of communism under many different banners of peace, love, tolerance, etc. is sufficient testimony to its threat. The A.N.F. will work diligently to expose the communist conspiracy and any manifestations thereof.
The Federal Deficit- Since the creation of the Federal Reserve Board, the United States has gone from a creditor nation to a debtor nation that is nearly bankrupt. The American Nationalist Federation is working to force Congress to abide by the terms of the U.S. Constitution and put the Federal Reserve Board back into the hands of the American people and out of the hands of private bankers. We trust cut foreign aid, reduce the number of unnecessary number of government agencies, and make government more accountable to the people.
Forced Race Mixing- Many great civilizations have perished for practicing miscegenation (racial integration and inter-racial marriage.) Today, due to the lies and misinformation that permeates our society, racial separatists are being treated as criminals or carriers of deadly diseases. The A.N.F. supports the protection of private schools, churches, clubs and other organizations that practice racial separation. At the same time, the A.N.F. does not support government controlled "segregation." It is the position of the A.N.F. that when the black race must compete with the whites on an equal basis, they will see the fallacy of this governmental mandated policy of artificial racial equality. When all things
are truly ’’equal" all races will see the fallacy of the equality myth.
6
The White Race- White people today face the most massive discrimination policies of any race in recorded history. While numbering only one in 12 of the world's population, whites are blamed for every major problem an the globe. Virtually every television station, radio station, newspaper, denominational church, public school and politician in America have declared war on any person and/or group that challenges the subtle genocide of the white race. Abortion, inter-racial marriage, drugs and the suppression of pro-white viewpoints are silently eradicating the white race from the face of the earth. The majority of our people have been conditioned, Pavlovian style, to accept the one-world and one-race society as being inevitable.
The American Nationalist Federation is working through public education, social functions, political activism and community service in order to bring these issues before the public. The A.N.F. works very hard to bring the race issue before public scrutiny where it can be judged on the basis of the facts and not on the misinformation and sensationalism which is prevalent in our society.
The United States Constitution- Many churches whose tenets of faith conflict with the unlawful social policies of the government find themselves the target of intrusion by our so-called government; many find
■
themselves having their tax exempt status taken away; many ministers go to jail for refusing to bow or kneel to the government's communist social policies. Our jails are filled with people whose only crime is to petition the government for a redress of grievances. Gun control now threatens the freedom and liberty of every American citizen. The right to life is being ignored by those in charge of protecting every American. In short, our United States Constitution is a worthless document.
The A.N.F. supports the United States Constitution as originally written and intended. Through the education of our members on jury rights we are hoping that the current state of affairs can be changed when our people get the chance to serve on juries. We are working closely with other groups and organizations in an effort to preserve and protect the U.S. Constitution.
■
Abortion- Between 1973 and 1980 more than 20,000,000 babies were murdered in the abortuaries in America.
The A.NF. is working to end this needless slaughter of human life.
Humanism- The unofficial State religion in America is Humanism. The Humanist Manifesto, originally written in 1933 and revised in 1973 is anti-white, atheist and totalitarian. We will oppose the humanist theology and any manifestations thereof.
Judicial Reform- The biggest legislative body in America is the Supreme Court and the lower courts on the federal level. The American Nationalist Federation supports laws liiich would make the judges accountable to the people. Judges should run for public office every four years and be limited to two terms.
7
Taxes- It is the position of the A.N.F. that ue can reduce taxes by doing the following: repeal of the graduated "income" tax, audit the Federal Reserve, investigate the large tax exempt foundations and abolish the Internal Revenue Service.
Illegal Aliens- Ue should identify all illegal aliens and begin deporting them immediately. Furthermore, we should cut down on the number of immigrants coming into the U.S.
Gun Control- Uphold the Constitutional right to keep and bear arms; oppose any form of gun registration and/or regulation of guns, ammunition, or their owners; impose severe penalties for crimes committed with a firearm.
Education- The American Nationalist Federation is working to help remove the federal government from any and all interference in public education. Ue also oppose any kind of governmental intrusion into private schools on the basis that said schools have racially "discriminatory" policies.
Freedom of Expression- Today whites face the most massive discrimination policies ever recorded in areas of access to the newspapers, television programming, and radio programming. Ue favor equal time statutes as well as the reinstatement of the Fairness Doctrine.
Ue realize that the American Nationalist Federation Victory Program cannot possibly address each and every issue; however, we are striving to address those which are the most imperative to the goals and objectives that we set each year. If any member would like to introduce a proposal that we take a stand on any given issue, they are encouraged to do so at any time.

8
The American Nationalist Federation is divided into eight major divisions. They are:
1) The Kingdom Ministry- Among the larger divisions of the A.N.F., The Kingdom Ministry is a national outreach of Christian people who share our concerns. While we do provide many church services, the A.N.F. does not espouse a set doctrinal position so that we may help you locate a church group with mutual interesl
2)	A.N.F./P.A.C.- A P.A.C. is a Political ACTION Committee. Ours is truly an action committee. Our network of paralegals, researchers, political leaders and activists are up-to-the-minute on most political and legal issues. This division keeps updated on all political issues, court decisions and political trends. The A.N.F./P.A.C. sponsors political forums, speaks at civic functions, writes letters to newspaper editors, organize boycotts, help draft new legislation, organize opposition to bad laws and works for passage of favorable legislation. The P.A.C. helps members to interact with the political leaders in their community.
3) Legal Defense- Allied with the A.N.F./P.A.C. is the Legal Defense Division. This division is responsible for organizing the legal defense for those in need and to help in raising funds needed for legal expenses. This division supplies all kinds of books, tapes, instructional material, etc. on legal subjects.
4) Public Education- This division of the A.N.F. monitors all kinds of activity in the public schools. Do the public schools in your area teach humanism? Do they pander to communist ideology? This division of the A.N.F. can tell you and they can help you fight back at PTA meetings, public hearings, etc. This division not only monitors the activity but, they also help educate teachers and other public education officials on the issues.
5)	News and Information- Communication and education of members makes us a strong organization. The News and Information division maintains newsletters, book and tape sales, and our educational audio and video tapes. They maintain the national headquarters library and help to establish state and local A.N.F. libraries and news programs.
6)	American Defense Force- The ADF division is the police of the A.N.F. They provide security at every function. They also keep up with all the trends in nuclear war survival, disaster relief, wilderness
■survival, canning food, self defense and all kinds of personal protection.
7)	Community Services- Probably the most important division in the A.N.F. is Community Services. Suppose your house burned down tonight? Where would you turn for help? If you needed help in relocating and finding work , where would you turn? The Community Services is there to help. In addition, these members help organize fund raising activities for charitable organizations, organize youth recreational activities and much more. Whether it is financial help or emotional support... or just a helping hand you need, the Community Services division is there.
8)	Operation THINK!- The "think tank" of the A.N.F. is Operation Think! Here members research a myriad of topics and write position papers, books, reports, etc. They provide the intellectual base of the A.N.F. These members also debate the opposition, provide all kinds of research material, and are involved in a host of other intellectual pursuits.
You now know the way the American Nationalist Federation works. You know what we stand for. It is now up to you. Ide don't expect you to agree with us on every single issue. We just want your commitment to the same general goals of the A.N.F.
How can you join the A.N.F. ?
The American Nationalist Federation is an ACTIVIST organization. If you've read our Victory Program and if you are ready to make a commitment, then it's time for you to join the A.N.F. It's not necessary for you to agree with each and every point in the A.N.F. Victory Program. You only need to be committed to the same basic goals that many of your friends and relatives in the A.N.F. are working toward.
Your first step in securing membership in the A.N.F. is to complete a Profile and Data Agreement. The attached sheet must be taken (with your completed Profile and Data Agreement) to a Notary Public and notarized. If the necessary papers are not enclosed with this Victory Program, write or call the A.N.F. offices for the Profile and Data Agreement.
Every person applying must be willing to do something for the benefit of all concerned. This is no eat, meet and retreat organization. We aren't a publishing company. It doesn't cost you a penny to join but, you must be willing to help by being active in some way.
We look forward to hearing from you. If you have any further questions or need additional information simply write:
American Nationalist Federation P.0. Box 158
Lawrenceville, GA. 30246