How Mass Immigration Is Changing America
Pages 3,4
Linked to U.S.
Immigration?
NON-PROFIT ORG
PERMIT NO. 58
\mehcan Institute. Inc.. P.O. Box 20608. Raleigh. North Carolina 27619

Conservatives
Claim MLK Legacy
Page 10


Brent Bozell:
TV’s Sickest Moments of 2005
This issue's
circulation:
249,000
nationwide
Middle American News
How Multiculturalism Works
If you’re a white guy in Canada looking for a job, don’t waste your time applying at the federal Department of Public Works. The multiculturalists who run the place have decided to hire only women and minorities. David Marshall, the federal department’s deputy minister, issued an order via email in November that forbids hiring any white males. “As executives and managers, our role includes ensuring that the public service is representative,” he wrote. “This involves providing direction and leadership by example, and demonstrating a firm commitment to an inclusive workplace.” In the Brave New World of multiculturalism, “inclusive” means non-whites are in, whites are out. Marshall’s edict, in effect until March, isn’t some aberrant divergence from government policy. As department spokesman Pierre Teotonio explained, the policy is an integral part of Canada’s government-wide “Embracing Change” program. The Department of Public Works will, however, continue to accept tax revenue paid by white males to run the agency.
Opening the Gate Wider
In a move perhaps designed to help the Department of Public Works avoid hiring any dreaded white males,
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin announced last month that his government will eliminate the $975 fee charged immigrants seeking permanent residence status. “This decision builds on measures the Liberal government has taken to encourage immigration,” explained Pierre Pettigrew, minister of foreign affairs. Canada is also spending $1.3 billion on programs to “fund improved settlement and integration services” for immigrants. Using a line taken from American immigration propagandists,Martin announced that Canada “is a nation of immigrants ... and we welcome them.”
And Now, the Opposition
Don’t hold your breath waiting for opponents of Canada’s Liberals to offer any resistance. Speaking in Mississauga, Ontario, last month. Conservative Party honcho Stephen Harper made his own pitch to immigrants, promising them he would set up a new federal agency to help foreigners line up jobs with Canadian employers. He also complained that Prime Minister Paul Martin didn’t eliminate the $975 residency fee fast enough.
Riots Get Results
So far, the official response to the devastating Muslim riots that plagued towns and cities throughout France late last year has been appeasement. In a New Year’s address to civil servants. President Jacques Chirac called for excluding whites from public sector jobs to make room for hiring the kind of people who rioted. Chirac said government jobs should be given to “French people of immigrant background,” and proposed easier entrance exams so that more immigrant minorities can attend the Ecole Nationale d’Administration, the country’s top school for public servants. He also called for France’s elite private higher education institutes, known as the Grandes Ecoles, to increase the immigrant proportion of their student populations to one-third.
There’s More-
Handing over the reins of French government to Muslim immigrants and their offspring is not enough for Chirac. He also vowed to empower the government’s broadcast regulatory agency, CSA - the Higher Audiovisual Council -with authority to “root out” ethnic discrimination on TV to make sure that more minorities appear on French television. He said he would seek “a mobilization of French public opinion to truly say no to discrimination...” Except the kind of discrimination needed to limit white participation, that is.
Continued on page 4
Mexico, Big Business Coalition Seek Amnesty for Illegal Aliens
People who break in aren’t guests, but Mexico and a coalition of big businesses want to convince Congress to use amnesty to turn illegal aliens into “guestworkers.”
Most people don’t think foreigners who broke into the U.S. illegally to take jobs and welfare are guests. But that doesn’t bother the left-wingers and big business groups that have joined forces with the government of Mexico to lobby the U.S. Senate. Mexico vowed it will “not allow” a recent House-passed immigration and border security bill to become law and has hired a U.S. public relations firm to try to stop it. Mexico and a U.S. coalition for open borders want Congress instead to pass legislation that will let millions of illegal aliens stay in the U.S. as “guestworkers.”
The coalition of radicals, CEO’s, and Mexicans are pushing Congress to waive the penalty for aliens who entered illegally and grant them legal status.
As this issue of Middle American News goes to press, there are several different “guestworker/amnesty” plans floating around the halls of Congress, including a major expansion of immigration sought by President Bush. White House strategists hope the Senate passes one of them to soften the border security bill passed by the House late last year.
Angered by the House bill, which includes authorization to build a fence along portions of the border in California, Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, Mexican President Vicente Fox denounced it as “shameful” and “disgraceful.” Foreign Secretary Luis Ernesto Derbez went further, saying his country won’t let the U.S. adopt the security measure.
“Mexico is not going to bear, it is not going to permit, and it will not allow a stupid thing like this wall,” he.vowed. “What has to be done is to raise a storm of criticism, as is already happening against this.”
Mexico last month announced it had hired Allyn & Company, a public relations firm in Dallas headed by Republican political consultant Rob Allyn to help implement its strategy to convince Americans and Congress to accept mass immigration from Mexico.
Jose Luis Soberanes, head of the Fox government’s National Human Rights Commission, says Mexico will need to increase tensions with the U.S. to get its way. “I would expect more energetic reactions from our authorities. It’s preferable to have a more demanding government, more confrontation with the United States.”
In Washington, the United
States Chamber of Commerce and two of the nation’s most powerful labor unions joined forces to help Mexico convince Congress to legalize millions of illegal aliens working in the U.S. The big business/labor coalition includes the Service Employees International Union with 1.8 million members, and the Laborers’ International Union of North America, which has 400,000 members. The Chamber of Commerce represents 3 million businesses across the U.S.
“We think it is important to show that we have a united political front here,” said Randel K. Johnson, the chamber’s vice president for labor, immigration, and employee benefits. “The unions tend to bring the Democrats to the table, and we’ll bring a good portion of the Republicans. We’re standing here, joining forces to tell the Congress that they need to step up to the plate.”
Other groups in the coalition include associations representing Hispanics and radical immigrarion advocates, the hotel and restaurant industry, the American Jewish Committee and Catholic bishops.
One of the guestworker/ amnesty plans, suggested by President George Bush, would not only give amnesty to millions of illegals already here, it would also increase overall immigration levels. The Bush plan calls for lifting immigration limits so that U.S. employers could hire any number of foreigners just as long as the employer claims no Americans can be found to fill the jobs.
Other guestworker plans, introduced by Sens. John McCain, R-AZ,Ted Kennedy, D-MA, Arlen Spector, R-PA and others, contain different details in implementation, but all of them would allow illegal aliens to continue to live and work in the U.S. by waiving the penalty for their illegal entry. The bills also
give a back-door amnesty to the businesses that violated federal law by hiring the illegals.
“This is a major battle between elites on one side and the American people on the other,” said Robert Goldsborough, president of Americans for Immigration Control. His group is lobbying to stop any immigration legislation that contains amnesty for illegals.
“We’re asking our members and supporters to tell their representatives in Congress to oppose any legislation that uses amnesty to turn illegals into guestworkers. If average Americans have to obey the laws, so should big business and foreign workers.”
jssneCjs
FEB 2006
WorldWatch: 2 Newsbhefs: 3,4,5,
Tax Dollars at Work: 6 Global Trade Report: 6 Chiton Wihamson: 7 What They Sard: 7 John Vinson: 8 Robert Goldsborough: 8 AIC Immigration News: 9 Grassroots Acton: 9 MLK a Conservative?: 10 Readers Forum: 11 Capitol Offenses: 12 AIC Book Catalog 14-15 Bulk Order Form: 20 Columnists: 13-23
February 2006
Middle American News
Page 3
Immigration’s Quiet Revolution: Undergoing Radical Ethnic Shift
U.S. |
NEWSBRIEFS
mm
Although Americans were never asked If they approved, U.S. political elites have embarked on an ambitious project to alter the ethnic composition of the country.

An unprecedented and sustained wave of immigration from Latin America, Asia, and Africa is changing (lie U.S, What is now a nation of mostly European descendants soon will become a nation of mostly I .atin.C'nrribcun, and Third World people.
"The shift is well under way," reported I leuther Dewar of Knight Kidder News Service. "If it continues at its current pace, by ihe time today's toddlers reach middle age, every American will be a member of a minority group."
"We've never had this kind of diversity before, and neither has anybody else," said sociologist Philip Nydcn of Loyola University. “The big question is, what kind of society is America going to be?"
Whether the American people want to change the nation's ethnic make-up is u question they were never usked.
Driven by an ideology thut conveniently justifies their economic and financial interests, American elites in business, politics, and academia have embarked on a course to change America's ethnic make-up.
"We want to become a muJfi-t'twliil, multi-ethnic societysaid President LiiUCluium m I yy /, Ai u WWvc Houm meeting with Joumut-'utta, the president, described overturning America's traditionally re-
strictive immigration policies as “a great revolution" thut “will prove we literally can live without.. .having a dominant European culture."
Give or take a decade at current immigration rates, Americans of Europcun descent will be reduced to less than half of the population by 2030, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Immigrants and their descendants will eventually constitute the majority of the U.S. population.
More thun 00 percent of the immigration fueling this demographic revolution is from the Third World where the customs, habits, and values of the people are radically different from America’s historic cultural pattern.
Current immigration flows are ihe result of open-borders policies adopted by Congress from 1963 to 1006, Congress tripled legal immigration levels and granted amnesty to roughly 3 million illegal aliens.
ioduy ul least 1.3 mil I ion KgflL und illegal nitons settle permanently in the U.S. each year. Immigrants and their children already
account for roughly two-thirds of America's entire annual popula lion growth, which is driving the U.S. population from 297 million today to 392 million by 2030.
Immigrants are already a potent political force in elections and legislation. As ethnic advocacy groups and their political allies organize those foreign populations, America's heritage of individual liberty is being dismantled in fu-vor of group rights, ruciul quotas, und multiculturalism.
So far, the result has been overcrowding, environmental degradation, stagnant wages, ethnic conflict and rudicul political chunge. not to mention the threat of terrorist infiltrution.
Unless America reverses course soon, the identity of the U.S. will be permanently nltcred.
Despite the radical shifts in culture and ethnicity, leaders of both major American political par-
remaining question is whether the Amcricnn people are willing to let it happen.
mm m
Census Bureau Projections: The Future U.S.
Projected Racial Composition of the U.S. by 2050, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
“[W]e have left the time when the non-white, non-Western part of our population could be expected to assimilate to the dominant majority. In the future, the white Western majority will have to do some assimilation of Its own."
Margaret Farnsworth Riche, Director, U.S. Census Bureau, 1991
V——----------------- /
Immigration Drives I US. Population < .rowth
The Census Bureau said the U.S. population reached 297.000,000 lust month and will reach 300,000,000 by October. The bureau estimates (hat a baby is born in the U.S. every 8 seconds, someone dies every 12 seconds, and a new immigrant arrives every 31 seconds, all of which translates into the addition of one person to the population every 14 seconds, The U.S. ranks third in world population, behind only China and Indiu.
Immigrants and births to immigrants now account for more than two-thirds of America's unnual population growth.
Gang Targets U.S. Agents
U.S. Border Patrol agents have been targeted for assassination by members of the notorious murder and drug gang, Mara Salvatruchus, also known as MS-13. The Doily Bulletin in Inland Valley, California, reported last month thut in u confidential memo, the Department of Homclund Security warned border authorities thut immigrant smugglers have decided to hire the gang to target agents infering with their operations. MS-13 was founded in El Salvador and brought to the U.S. in the 1980's by immigrants when generous American officials welcomed tens of thousands of El Sulvudoran refugees into the country. The gang has an estimated 20,000 members in the U.S. T.J. Bonner, president of the National Border Patrol Council, an association representing border agents, was unhuppy about the memo’s secrecy. “I think Washington doesn’t want the public to know how bad it really is |along the border]. They really don't want to alarm the public, and that’s unfortunute. It's a disservice to the American people,” he said.
Border Patrol agents along the Rio Orande In Texas report an increase in the number of shooting attempts aimed at them. Federal authorities began investigating two new shootings reported in a single week in January. The Border Putrol said they were the sixth and seventh shooting incidents reported since Oct. I, the start of the federal government's fiscal year. There were six shinning incidents reported during the entire previous fiscal year. "The Border Putrol has had a rash of incidents here along the border. It is obviously a big concern, since it's escalating," said Jorge Cisneros, spokesman for the FBI in McAllen. Last month, about 10 shots were fired at agents from the Mexican side near the Veteran's International Bridge at Los Tomatcs. One vehicle was hit. but no agents were injured. Days earlier, four agents patrolling upriver from the sumo bridge reported about 25 shots fired at them from the Mexican side. None was hurt, but the boat they were- riding in was hit five times.
The 'IVIumph of Feminism
The Bush administration's refusal to dismantle feminist-inspired military policies that put military women in combut /.ones continues to put women at risk. In June, three women Marines were killed in Iraq when the cargo truck they were riding in near Falluja was attacked by a suicide bomber. The fatalities included a 20 year old who hud enlisted to support her mother, a 21 year-old former cheerleader, and a 43 year-old single mother on her second tour in Iraq. Three mule Murines were also killed. One Murine said the convoy in the dangerous area wus not adequately protected. “The females should never have been transported like that," said Sgt. Caro/io Buss, one of the convoy's escorts. "Wo didn't have enough people or proper vehicles," he told the New York limes, But tactics aside, any country thut values women would not order female Murines to duty in a dangerous fire /.one in the first place,
Continued on page 4
Febmury 2006
Page 4
Middle American News

NEWSBRIEFS

Immigration is Changing America
r
Continued from page 3

Leaving the West Behind
The home of the world’s largest bank is no longer in the United States, but in Asia. Two Japanese financial giants have merged to become the world’s largest bank, headquartered in Tokyo. Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. merged with UFJ Holdings Inc. in October, creating the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group with $1.6 trillion in assets, surpassing U.S.-based Citigroup Inc.'s estimated $1.55 trillion in holdings. The Japanese newspaper Yomiuri reported that the new entity has begun talks with the Communists’ Bank of China to participate in a joint commercial banking venture.
Michigan Gets Islamic Bank
To meet the cultural and financial needs of a large population of Muslim immigrants that has colonized parts of Michigan, the Ann Arbor-based University Bank has created the University Islamic Financial Corp. to offer financial services in line with Islamic law. “The formation of the subsidiary allows us to have a financial institution which is 100 percent in compliance with the Muslim Shariah, the legal code of the Islamic religion,’’ said bank President and Chairman Stephen Lange Ranzini. Because Shariah forbids paying or receiving interest, the bank’s deposit accounts allow Muslims to “share” the bank’s profits instead of receiving interest. The bank also offers a mortgage alternative in which the bank holds a house in trust while the home buyer makes monthly lease payments that include a set amount for “savings” which can eventually be used to purchase the house. The bank is a subsidiary of the University Bancorp Financial Holding Cofitpanv.
BATF’s Foreknowledge
Recently unsealed court documents reveal that federal law enforcement officials were indeed aware of threats to blow up federal buildings before the Oklahoma City bombing that killed more than 200 people. In an unsealed portion of a 1997 court transcript involving Carol Howe, an informant for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, a B ATF officer admitted awareness of the threats from alleged plotters at Elohim City, frequented by executed bomber Timothy McVeigh. During court testimony where no media was present.Howe’s attorney, Clark Brewster, directly asked Angela Finley-Graham, Howe’s B ATF handler, “And Ms. Howe told you about... threats to blow up federal buildings, didn't she?" Graham responded, “In general, yes.” According to reports about the unsealed testimony, the BATF handler acknowledged that she knew Howe and others from Elohim City went to Oklahoma City before the bombing. When Howe returned, she was debriefed by BATF and taken to Oklahoma City to show BATF agents where she had been.
Bush Wants More Foreign Students
President George Bush last month promised an audience of university heads that he will help more foreign students come to the U.S. to study at their schools. “We want young kids from around the world coming to our universities,” he told more than 120 university presidents and representatives from higher education associations.
Continued next page

Middle American News		o Printed on recycled paper.
Published monthly by: Middle American Institute, Inc.		
P. O. Box 20608		Non-toxic ink used
Raleigh, North Carolina 27619		, in printing. ,
The old America is dying, and a new one is emerging.
Shaped by an unprecedented tidal wave of immigration from Latin America, Asia, and Africa, the U.S. is changing from a nation of mostly European descendants to a nation of mostly non-white. Third World people.
Demographers agree the U.S. soon will be “the first fully racially mixed nation” in the world.
“The big question of the next century is, what kind of society is America going to be?” said Philip Nyden of Loyola University.
America’s future is more On-certain now than at any other time in its history. We cannot even be sure that our grandchildren will speak the same language we do.
Thus far, the signs are not good.
In some immigrant-laden towns, like Scarsdale, New York, the minutes of government meetings are printed in both English and Japanese, according to Knight-Ridder news service. In Monterey Park, California, where Asians are a majority, local libraries are being restocked with books written in Chinese. Nationally, the IRS has offered tax forms in Spanish, and various local jurisdictions through-oiiFfKe country Mvrf’Seen ordered by the Justice Department to print election ballots in dozens of differ-
ent languages, even though only citizens can vote and English proficiency is supposed to be a condition of citizenship.
The consumer marketplace is also becoming foreignized. Banks and grocery stores throughout the country have begun posting store signs in Spanish and English.
Other trends point to a divided country, too. Native-born whites are fleeing eight of the nation’s top 10 states where most immigrants are settling, according to the Population Studies Center at the University of Michigan. As large American cities from Miami to Boston, and San Diego to New York are colonized by millions of Third World immigrants, native whites are leaving in droves. “Between 1970 and 2000, New York City‘s population ... shifted] from two-thirds white to one-third," reported Knight-Ridder.
Until the 1960’s, America’s immigration laws limited a country's immigrant contribution to the percentage of that group already in the U.S. Known as the national origins quota system, it was changed by Congress in 1965 to an open border policy. While the implications were never publicly debated. Congress since then has adopted a host of additional legislation that is changing the ethnic and racial make-up of the country.
In 1986 and 1990, Congress granted amnesty to millions of illegal aliens, and increased the overall numbers of legal immigrants allowed by 40 percent. Congress also lifted limits on the number of allowed refugees, who are categorized separately from immigrants. Although most Americans think of refugees as destitute people fleeing war or famine, foreign nationals can claim refugee status in the U.S. merely for being disliked in their home country , or for behavior that differs from the majority, such as homosexuality.
The result is that by 2050, give or take a decade, European-born whites and their descendants will number about 48 percent of the population. One in 4 Americans will be Hispanic; about 1 in 8 will be African-American, with Asians, Native Americans [American Indians] and people of mixed race constituting the rest, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Legal and illegal immigrants already account for two-thirds of the country’s net population growth.
Because most immigrants assemble in urban colonies where welfare and government services are available, or are imported by big corporations to work in factories scattered throughout the U .S., the
continued on next page
r
From page 2
Those ’Racist’ French An immigration reform bill introduced in France that would require immigrants seeking citizenship to speak French was promptly denounced as “racist” by left-wingers and Muslims. Backed by Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy, the bill would also disqualify convicted illegals from obtaining 10-year -residence permits. “The proposed bill is a blatant violation of immigrants’ rights,” wailed Patrick Emanuel of the leftist French League for Human Rights, who characterized the bill as “inhumane.” Ammar Al-Asfar of the Lille Mosque said the bill is part of a plot to restrict immigration.
Cartoon Provokes Global Ire
Muslim immigrants in Europe enjoy taking advantage of the political and religious freedoms there to preach and worship as they see fit, but when the native citizens voice contrary views, Muslims are among the first to demand legal sanctions - and worse -against their opponents. When Denmark’s largest newspaper, Jyliands-Posten, published an allegorical cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad wearing a turban shaped like a bomb with a burning fhse, a global furor
-----------------------------------------------  V.
erupted. Eleven Muslim countries condemned the newspaper and demanded an apology, demonstrations broke out in the Indian-controlled part of Kashmir calling for the paper to be shut down, and death threats were launched against the artist and editors. The paper’s cultural editor, Flemming Rose, was forced to live under police protection. “We are being mentally tortured,” complained immigrant Imam Ahmed Abu-Laban in Copenhagen.
Soren Kamp, a leader of the Danish People s Party, which advocates immigration restrictions, said the Muslim response to the cartoon shows Islam is not compatible with Denmark’s values. “Muslims who come here reject our culture,” he said. Denmark’s population is 5.4 million,
200,000 of which are Muslim immigrants.
Dusk Arrives
The sun is slowly setting on the West.
One in every five births in England and Wales is to a foreign-bom mother, according to the UJK.’s Office for National Statistics. Of640,000 births in 2004,124,000 were to foreign-bom mothers, an increase of 50 percent over the foreigner birth rate in the mid- L990’s. In London, once an English city, 49 percent of births in 2004 were to foreign mothers. In five boroughs, two-thirds of births were to the foreign-bom. The think-tank Migrationwatch said immigration has increased seven-fold since 1992. In 2004, more than 330,000 immigrants arrived in Britain.
---------------------------------------------
Middle American News
A New, Different America Emerging
Unless America changes Its Immigration policies, the U.S. will be radically transformed In the next few decades. No one knows for sure what kind of country will emerge.
racial mix taking shape is not evenly spread across the country,
"Some population experts think the United States is on its way to becoming a nation with 'brown edges and a white middle/” according to Knight-Ridder.
California, the most populous state, is already "mujority minority” — the Orwellian newspeaktenn that multiculturalists use to describe a mostly mixed, non-white population. They mean that no single race or ethnic group will make up as much as half the state’s population. Texas also has a nonwhite majority. After 2010,Nevada, New Jersey,Maryland, are next in line.
Demographers see the smalltown Midwest as the only section of the country that will escape the tide in the foreseeable future.
“The West already is the most diverse part of the country,” Knight-Ridder found, “with a lower proportion of whites and a higher proportion of Hispanics, Asians, and Native Americans than any other region...
“The Northeast is also diversifying us Asian, Latin American, and African immigrants pour in, offsetting white flight westward and southward...
Deep South remains stuSy |g btacV and white. Reversing the great northward migration of the mid-century, muny Southern blacks and some Southern whites ure abandoning the industrial cities of the North and returning home. The region has drawn some immigrants, but few venture outside of big cities such as Atlanta.
“Only the small town Midwest resembles the America of ’Ozzie and Harriet’; nearly nine-tenths white, one-tenth black, with a sprinkling here and there of Cambodian refugees or Mexican farm laborers.”
In corporate media imagery, immigrants are hard-working, family-oriented people who are oppressed in their natives lands, but who yearn for the ideals of liberty and prosperity as expressed by George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. But the sentimental stereotype routinely invoked by corporate executives, politicians and other elites, doesn't hold up under scrutiny.
In reality, many aliens in the U.S. are criminals, More than 25 percent of all inmutes in the federal prison system, for example, ure immigrants. The old Immigration and Naturalization Service admitted in congressional hearings that it granted citizenship in 1996 to neurly 200,000 immigrants with criminal records.
Pacts also show that the sym-
pathetic portrayal of immigrants as an oppressed population is false. Most immigrants do not come fleeing oppressive dictatorships or Communist countries. The largest share comes from Mexico, which the U.S. regards as u free, democratic country with whom it conducts friendly relations and has extensive financial agreements such as NAFTA. Mexico is one of America’s major trading partners in the world economy.
Other top countries that send immigrants include India, El Salvador, the Philippines, and Russiu, with whom the U.S. conducts important diplomatic, trade and financial activity. The U.S. believes they have responsible, democratic, freely-elected governments that respect human rights.
Many arriving aliens, particularly than Latin America, are young men in their twenties who never graduated from high school, Unlike the TV portrayals of them as loving fathers and dedicated hus* bauds, many Qikthgss^Qmni men, abandon their wives and children buck home to pursue a quest for adventure amid the glitter and excitement of American cities, never to be seen in their home towns again.
Still others, particularly parents and older immigrants,come to the U.S. for the lavish retirement and disability programs unavailable in their home countries. The problem began years ago. Back in 1996 alone, more thun 50 percent of the nearly $8 billion available to the disabled und elderly under the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program went to immigrant non-citizens. In Hong Kong und Taiwan,retailers sell u Chinese language book that udvises would-be immigrants on how to quulify for the American SSI progrum.
“By 1990, the Census showed that immigrants were more likely to receive cash benefits than native households,” suys Prof. George Borjas of Harvard University. “In fact, if one adds non-cash programs (such as Medicaid, food stamps, und housing assistance), it turns out thut 21 percent of immigrant households receive some type of aid, as compared to ... 10 percent of white, non Hispanic native households.”
Some, of course, do come to the U.S. to find work. Here, If they have the right skin color or ethnic surname, immigrants can quulify
for affirmative action racial preferences that give them first-in-line consideration for jobs, scholar ships, college admissions, grants, low-interest loans, and government programs from which white, native-born Americans are excluded by law.
For social workers, churches, poverty workers, professional left-wing political activists anil corporations, the immigration tidal wave is an important means to generate neW government grants for community work, Increased political influence, and cheap labor. In response, muny politicians are craft-ing new laws to grant welfare to immigrants, funds for bilingual education, and civil rights regulations that prevent natives from preserving the American character of their workplaces, neighborhoods, and communities. Congress even made it illegul to discriminate in favor of citizens over non-citizens in employment,
America's Immense experi-mcul m mulncultutulism.is u costly one.The National Academy of Sciences reports thut immigration imposes an annual cost of $ 1,174 on a typical native household in California, and $229 on a typical native household in New Jersey. Immigration writer Peter Brimelow, author of Alien Nation, estimates thut native households across the country puy an average additional unnuul tux burden of $ 166 to $226, or $15 to $20 billion a year to accommodate the newcomers.
“{Tlhis tux cost fur exceeds all estimates of aggregate mucro-economic gain from immigration,” he says,
The new emerging America is applauded by multiculturalists who have long despised the “whitebread” America of yesterday, which they believe resembles u “neo-nuzi” society, characterized by “racist” television shows like “Ozzie und Hurriet.” According to Knight-Ridder reporter Helen Dewar, muny of them hope “thut the long, tragic story of racism in America muy yet have u happy ending.,,” becuuse whites will be a minority.
Some unulysts trucking the trend predict a different outcome,
“The country's going to be bulkanized,” predicts William Frey of the Population Studies Center.
What kind of country we will become is unyone's guess. Hut it won't be the fumiliur Amcricun one.
Page 5
NEWSBRIEFS
[ From previous page
“It is in our national interest that we solve visa issues,,,
|W|e're going to get it right, because the more youngsters who come to America to get educated, the more likely it is people in the world will understand the true nature of America.”
Capitalists Cozy With Reds
Who says Communists and capitalists don't get along? The giant Microsoft Corp, shut down the Internet journal of a Chinese free speech advocate because he discussed issues online that made Beijing's Communist rulers nervous. Associated Press reported last month that Microsoft's China-based Web log-hosting service shut down the site at the request of the Communist government, according to Brooke Richardson, group product manager with Microsoft's MSN online division at the company headquarters in Redmond. Washington.
The web journal was written under the pen name "An I i by Zhao Jing, who works for the Beijing bureau of the New York Times ns a research assistant. Microsoft is not alone in profiting by stomping on the weak in Communist countries. The Hong Kong subsidiary of capitalist Internet giant Yahoo Inc. in recent months helped the Red Chinese arrest a democracy activist by disclosing his real nume and address to authorities alter he published news the authorities didn’t want reported.
Minutciucn on Guard
The Minuteman Project that made headlines last year when it organized more than 2.000 civilian volunteers to monitor sections of the U.S. border with Mexico to deter
aguvineg, will continue tins
year. Chris Simcox, a Minuteman ro-founder, said the group's offshoot, the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps, intends to patrol parts of the border in Arizona, Texas, and California in January and February. The Minuiemcn refrain from any contact with illegal immigrants,but immediately notify the Border Patrol when illegal crossings ure spotted. Both President George Bush and the government of Mexico have denounced the volunteers as “vigilantes,”
Immigration Pressure Is Growing
Because the federal government has for decades refused to enforce basic immigration laws, some lawmakers ut the state level ure trying to fill in the void,
In Colorado, State Rep. Dave Schultheis, a Republican, introduced legislation to crack down on employers who hire illegal uliens, Democrat State House Speaker Andrew Romanoff told reporters he might introduce a bill to require high school students to demonstrate proficiency in English before graduation. In Mussuchusetts, legislators defeated a bill to grunt preferential in-state tuition benefits to illeguls. The National Conference of Slate Legislatures says ubout 300 bills on immigration issues were introduced in state legislatures lust your,
Trimming Pensions ut HIM
International computer giant IBM announced lust month it pluns to end guaranteed pension payments for employees in the U.S. and will later announce similar pluns for international operations. The company said depriving employees of guaranteed pensions will save ns much us $.1 billion over the next few years, Thunks to the new free trade economy U.S. workers must increasingly compete with workers in the Third World where wages me lower und benefits very rure. As a result, muny companies, including Verizon, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola, arc freezing or cutting back on employee pensions and perks.
February 2(K)f>
Middle American News


WtKHM

YourTax
Dca.Ta.rs
High Cost of War The Iraq war could cost Americans more than $2 trillion, according to a recent study by left-leaning Columbia University economist Joseph Stiglitz who won the Nobel Prize in economics in 2001. The $2 trillion figure includes the cost of long-term healthcare for 16,000 U.S. soldiers wounded in the war, and is four times larger than the estimate of $500 billion from the Congressional Budget Office.
“Even taking a conservative approach, we have been surprised at how large [the costs] are," said the Stiglitz study. “We can state, with some degree of confidence, that they exceed a trillion dollars.”
The higher $2 trillion estimate is based on what the study called “moderate” assumptions, including the view that U.S. troops will remain in Iraq until 2010, even as withdrawals occur each year. The estimate takes into consideration costs such as the increase in the price of oil, replacement of military hardware consumed by the war, and the economic ripple effects of a larger U.S. deficit on the nation’s economy.
“We have to borrow money, and we have to pay interest, and we have to pay interest on the interest,” said Stiglitz.
Illegal Allens Cost $10 Billion Illegal aliens in the U.S. cost the federal government more than $10 billion in 2002, according to an analysis of economic data and Census Bureau reports by the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) In Washington, D.C.
The study found that households headed by illegal aliens imposed more than $26.3 billion in costs on the federal government, but they paid only $16 billion in taxes, creating a net fiscal deficit of nearly $10.4 billion, or $2,700 per illegal household.
CIS said the study relied heavily on data from the landmark 1997 study, “The New Americans,” by the National Research Council and information gleaned from the March 2003 Current Population Survey of the U.S. Census Bureau.
The study found that the largest costs imposed by illegal aliens come from their
use of Medicaid (treatment for the uninsured), food assistance programs such as free school lunches, the federal court and prison systems, and federal aid to schools.
The primary reason illegals cost so much, the study said, is “their low education levels and resulting low incomes and tax payments...”
The study found that on average, “the costs that illegal households impose on federal coffers are less than half that of other households, but their tax payments are only one-fourth that of other households.”
Among the other findings:
-	Many of the costs associated with illegals come from their American-born children who are automatically granted citienship. Barring illegals from federal programs does not reduce costs because their citizen-children are still eligible for them.
-	If illegal aliens are amnestied and begin to pay taxes equal to the levels paid by legal immigrant households with the same education level, the estimated annual net fiscal deficit would increase from $2,700 per household to $7,700 per household because legal immigrants make more use of government programs while making only modest tax payments. "
-	Legalization of illegals might increase average tax payments by 77 percent, but average costs would rise by 118 percent.
-	While amnesty would likely increase the incomes of illegals, the tax drain on the native born would increase. Direct tax costs for programs such as the Earned Income Tax Credit would grow dramatically. “We estimate that once legalized, payments to illegals under this program would grow more than ten-fold.”
CIS said that its estimates for the size and characteristics of the illegal alien population “are very similar to those prepared by the Census Bureau, the [former] INS, and the Urban Institute.”
Tracking the national debt
U.S. national debt increased since Dec. 14,2005 by: The new total Is:
The national debt Is debt owed by the federal government. It is matte up of debt obligations such as Treasury bills, Treasury notes and Treasury bonds.
SOURCE: U 8. Treasury Department
$79,057,397,063
$8,221,848,593,225
Your share of the federal debt is $27,570.25
COPLEY NEWS SERVICE/UNION-TRIBUNE
As 2006 began, worsening trade deficit numbers were being tallied - a $642 billion gap. This widening chasm., virtually all experts agree, is a troubling sign that our nation is increasingly borrowing and buying while foreign nations —some of them our enemies— loan us the money with which to purchase products.
Unfortunately, very few on Capitol Hill talk about it, and the mainstream media (with the notable exception of CNN’s Lou Dobbs) rarely focus on the issue.
Clearly, we are a credit-hooked nation. But, just like a credit card, the balance has to be paid at some point.
Extra shipments of oil due to Hurricane Katrina is part of the reason for the widening imbalance. Mostly, however, the trade deficit is about global manufacturing. According to Commerce Department statistics, the U.S. recently ran a $73.9 billion deficit in goods, which swamped a $5 billion surplus in services, while running deficits with nearly all major trading partners.
As this column has continually underscored, the worst mismatch is with Communist China. It cheats in the trade wars and, by holding dollars and buying U.S. securities, the Red regime’s central bank holds down interest rates, fuels financial markets and keeps it products cheap for U.S. markets.
“It makes us very vulnerable - if Asian nations sell even a small portion of their holdings, the bond market would collapse,” says Dr. Jeffrey Rosensweig, professor of finance at Georgia’s Emory University. “They may not want to do that, but we have put ourselves in a position where they have leverage over us.”
Indeed, the deficitis also fueled by China’s low-cost factories (look at all the cheap Chinese goods that flooded into this country for Christmas 2005!) as well as the fact that its economy and exports Are growing at warp speed J
The dollar in 2005 gained strength against most currencies, which makes imports cheaper and U .S. products more expensive. Meanwhile, U.S. manufacturing is shrinking in proportion to the economy— partly because companies invest in factories overseas.
The trade deficit is nearly 7 percent of the U.S. economy. To pay for the imports, the U.S j-elieS on infusions of more than $2 billion dollars a day in foreign purchases of assets and Treasury bills. That, in turn, adds to the U.S. debt. So here’s the big question: when are enough Republicans and Democrats in Congress going to wake up and implement a more coherent America-first trade and economic policy? A day of debt reckoning is coming, and it won’t be pretty.
The politics of free trade are heating up. As 2006 politics heat up, some members of Congress in both parties are vulnerable to voter backlash over job losses.
Freshman Rep. Tom Price, R-GA - who voted yes on CAFTA— picked up an announced GOP primary opponent who says he is more “immigration reform minded” and will oppose “job outsourcing.”
Rep. Robin Hayes, R-N .C., also garnered a Democrat challenger in his re-election bid - an Iraq war veteran who cites the incumbent’s pro-CAFTA as the main reason he tossed his hat into the ring. Hayes, who represents a district hit by textile job losses, initially voted against the pact but later changed his mind after arm-twisting from GOP House leaders. Democrat Tom Dunn underscores, “That’s just not right.”
In Illinois, a Democrat who backed CAFTA— Rep. Melissa Bean - has been attacked by the largest union in her district, which revoked her “Person of the Year” award. The United Steel Workers also ended 2005 by picketing the offices of Democratic Reps. John Tanner and Norm Dicks of Washington state, and Republican Reps. Randy Kuhl of New York and Melissa Hart of Pennsylvania.
Tensions over trade will only increase in 2006. An Andean free trade agreement with Colombia, Peru and Ecuador is almost ready for presentation to the Congress, and it involves the same labor, farm and intellectual property issues that made CAFTA so difficult to pass. Also, at a World Trade Organization meeting in December in Hong Kong, progress was made on yet another international trade accord certain to force politically sensitive sacrifices, like cuts in federal subsidies to U.S. farmers.
February 2006
Israel’s Future Linked to U.S. Immigration
Surrounded by hostile countries, will Israel long survive after America -- Its only reliable ally in the Western world - is engulfed by Third World immigration?
By Chilton Williamson, Jr.
The media coverage of the incapacitation of Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel, by a massive brain hemorrhage conveys the impression that the future of |
Israel, and of Middle Eastern politics, hangs on the event. Nothing could be further from the truth. The future of Israel does not depend on Sharon for the very good reason that Israel most likely has no future, with or without this Sharon or another, except in the relatively short term — say, the next twenty-five to fifty years.
In his book The New Jerusalem, written more than eighty years ago following the author’s return to England from a trip to the Holy Land in the early 1920s, G.K. Chesterton observed that Israel in the time of the Palestinian Mandate was almost entirely middle and upper-middle class in its social composition — with regard, that is, to the Jewish settler population. The servile classes below it were almost entirely Arab. Chesterton was quick to see the significance of this division. A society, he noted, in which everyone is a lawyer, a doctor, a stockbroker, a professor, a writer, a rabbi, a politician, a judge is no true society at all, but merely the upper section of one. It is like Barataria, Gilbert & Sullivan’s imaginary island kingdom where “everyone is somebody, and no one’s anybody.” Israel coutdbe viewed as a complete society only insofar as it included the Arab population that constituted its lower ranks — yet, by the Arabs’ inclusion, Israeli society necessarily forfeits its identity as the Jewish Land of Return.
Much has changed in the past eight decades, many more socially humble Jews having arrived in Israel from Europe and the United States during that period. Yet, the Israelis continue to need the Arabs (we call them Palestinians today) nearly as much as the Palestinians need the jobs, goods, and services the Israelis provide. Both populations remain interdependent upon, not independent of, one another — so long, of course, as Israel survives. If — I nearly said when — Israel goes, the Palestinians will necessarily fall back on their own resources. What is certain is that the Palestinians themselves aren’t going anywhere in the foreseeable future, meaning hundreds and hundreds of years. Hence, Israel depends not only upon the continued presence of the Palestinian people, but upon their good will, and even their toleration and forbearance. This is like saying that the future of Lake Erie depends upon Niagara Falls flowing backwards.
Modem Israel is a case of the wrong people being present in the wrong place at the wrong moment in history. The more so on account of its small size and status as a Western protectorate, Israel is threatened by the War of the Worlds that overhangs Europe, the United States, and the West as a whole. A Middle Eastern country itself, the State of Israel is physically surrounded and menaced at close quarters by the hostile Muslim world. More distantly, less
immediately, a related danger lurks on another front, thousands of miles west from Tel Aviv on the North American continent, where the United States of America — Israel’s only reliable ally in the world — has been the object of ongoing and successful invasion by Third World peoples for a full two or three generations already.
Owing to the accomplishments of Western medical science and economic technique. Third World populations have exploded around the world since World War II, including the Semitic ones of the Near and Middle East. Demographic increase in the immediate region is Israel’s foremost danger. (The Jewish population too has grown since the country’s founding in 1948, but numerically, through immigration, not exponentially, through natural increase.) Its second is the careless, often casual, alienation of the Arab population far, even, beyond the inevitable anger and resentment entailed by the establishment of the State of Israel as a Western project on Palestinian territory. Israel’s own terrorist history (in which the moribund Sharon played a brutal role), the armament of Israel by the United States, its arrogance toward its neighbors and Washington^ supercilious bullying of them, the Arab-Israeli Wars followed by the Gulf War and now the Iraq War—all this has led to the point where it is now apparent that the two sides, Arab and Israeli, are in fact irreconcilable; that there is no “road map for peace”; that the Arabs must prevail by their numbers; and the Israelis only by such “extraordinary means” as they are presently attempting to deny Iran. The problem is that extraordinary means cannot, by their nature, be used ordinarily. It is indeed possible to envision a situation in which a beleaguered Israel (following out a threat made by Norman Podhoretz a quarter-century ago) reenacts the destruction of Masada in 72. A.D. by bringing the world down on everyone’s head in preference to leaving it for the Gentiles to inherit. Short of any such thing, the fate of Israel is more likely to be engulfment by a slow-motion demographic tidal wave — on its way north and west, perhaps, to overtake Eastern and Western Europe.
Who would — or could — resist that wave; who would save Israel? Certainly not her former protector and patron, the United States, by then (twenty-five to fifty years from now, remember) subject to a parallel, almost a flanking, attack: first from without (as is now happening); next from within; finally outward—away from North America, across the rest of the earth, as America, racially delivered from the First to the Third World, comes to the aid of her Arab brethren in Palestine and the rest of the Middle and Near East.
Demographic tables for the present-day United States appear to show a shrinking
Jewish population (in terms of ^ percentage at least) in this country: the combined result of lower births, greater intermarriage, and a decline in I immigration by European W peoples. The Jews have had a good run in America in the past hundred years, but it may well be that their influence is on the wane — or will be shortly. If so, mass immigration from the Third World will surely be cited by future historians to explain the end of the Golden Age of the Jews in the history of the United States.
It is the height of folly for American Jews or their European-American Gentile friends to imagine that an America dominated, or even counterbalanced, by Third World populations would remain a Judeophiliac America, let alone an ally of Israel. The Chinese, the Africans, the Indonesians, and all the rest — these people have little experience of the Jews and Jewish culture, their own never having been intertwined with them. And as their own cultures bear not even the most attenuated responsibility for the Holocaust, they have as well little or no reason to regard the well-off and well-educated Jews who compete with them in North America as deserving of special treatment or regard. They might, more likely, discover an advantage in revived* anti-semitic sentiment aimed at pulling the Jews down and hobbling them competitively, following the practice of their ancestors. The Jews are not, originally, a Western people. But they are Westerners now, as a matter of religion, of history, and — not least — by association, in the eyes of the rest of the world. The fate of the Jewish people depends on the fate of the West: more particularly, it hangs on the future of the United States as a First World civilization. Compared with that, Ariel Sharon’s successors are hardly worth thinking about.
For decades, it was considered impolitic, as well as impolite, for non-Jews to take public note of the extent to which pro-immigration politics in the United States since the 1930s have been marked, and even dominated, by individual Jews and by Jewish organizations. In recent years that taboo has broken down, until nowadays a conscious Jewish stratagem of some seventy years’ duration to diffuse an Aryan majority by importing people of color to the United States is a subject for open discussion. I think that if I were an American Jew today, with a concern both for Israel and for the Jews as a diasporic people, reading the newspapers, and asking, along with the rest of the world, “Whither Israel after Sharon?”, I’d be paying at least as close attention to invasion and the demographic war at home in America as to the matter of the Israeli succession, and if and when Iran gets the bomb, or doesn’t.
Never under any condition should this nation look at an immigrant as primarily a labor unit. He should always be looked at primarily as a future citizen.
Theodore Roosevelt
How can we protect homeland security unless the government stops the invasion of illegal aliens?
Phyllis Schlafly
Democracy is the most vile form of government... democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention: have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property: and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths.
James Madison
I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any threat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
Douglas MacArthur
The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress; therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure.
George Washington
It is our true policy to steer clear of entangling alliances with any portion of the foreign world.
George Washington
February 2006
I’ugc 8
Middles American News
IMMIGRATION REPORT FROM AMERICANS FOR IMMIGRATION CONTROL
A Criminal Path to Citizenship
llv Rolxrt H.Goldsborough President^ A1C
The December dcbalCN in (lie Hou.se of Representatives over Judiciary Chairman James Scnscnbrenncr's immigration reform bill (H.R. 4437) cuused the open-border crowd to go into orbit with frenzied demands that Pres. Bush oppose the bill. They seemed certain that Bush would do their bidding becuusc Senscnbrcnncr’s bill hud neither another amnesty nor a guest worker provision for the millions of illcgul aliens already here.
In fact, H.R. 4437 would brouden America's immigrant-smuggling law so that people who assist or shield illegal immigrants would be subject to prosecution. Proponents of H.R. 4437 argue that provisions in the bill would moke it more difficult for illegals to thrive in America by discouraging anyone from giving them assistance—even their colleagues, spouses, or relatives.
After H JR. 4437 passed overwhelmingly by a vote of 239 to 182 on December 16, the open-border advocates began preparing battle plans to defeat the bill in the Senate or in conference.
Oustavo Torres, the militant director of the pro-Hisponic immigrant group, Casa of Maryland,declared,"We are going to fight this legislation.The immigrant community is very upset about this.” The New York
Robert Goldsborough, AIC President
Times article (12-30-05) reported that “Torres' group offers job placement services and English classes to thousands of immigrants each year. On Wednesday, as he greeted day laborers looking for work at his center in Silver Spring, MD,Torres said he could not imagine being forced to turn away the needy because they lacked legal papers.” ("Lacking legal papers" is a code phrase for illegal entry.)
In H.R. 4437, Sensenbrepner rightly excluded provisions for another amnesty or a guest worker progrum. The guest worker plan which President Rush has been
pushing since he entered the While House would reward illcgul aliens with temporary work permits and ultimately with (he possibility of citizenship. Senators Kennedy (D-MA) and McCain (R-AZ) have introduced a bill with u guest worker provision embracing Bush's suggestions. It is the Trojan Horse legislation of the 21" century which would open the floodgates to millions of more Mexicans and others.
These guest worker proposals not only would rewurd aliens who stole into America but would also be an open invitation for pregnunt wives of illegals to give birth in the United States so their hubics would uutomulicully be declared U.S. citizens under the current egregious misinterpretation of the 14°' amendment, the original purpose of which wus to grunt citizenship to slaves freed after the Civil War. In an effort to close this loophole, Representative Gary Miller (R-CA) attempted to attach un amendment to H.R. 4437 which would have thwarted this criminal path to citizenship.
According to the Times article, Casa of Maryland is just one of the militant proopen border groups organizing to dilute or destroy the Sensenbrenner bill. “In Manhattan, scores of immigrants demonstrated against the bill last week ... in the Washington area a coalition of immigrant-services groups is planning rallies, visits to members of Congress and a letter-writing campaign to try to prevent the immigration bill from becoming law.”
HJl. 4437 would put long overdue teeth into our country's Immigration laws, ft would
finally crack down on the prevailing scoliluw attitude which has allowed 11 to 20 million aliens to live in the United Stales illegally and abuse the welfare system, overcrowd our schools, misuse our hospitals’ emergency room services, overpopulate living quarters, and lower the wage levels of American workers.
H.R. 4437 would make illegal residence a federal felony thus rendering illegals ineligible to win any legal status. It would also stiffen the penalties for employers who hire illegals.
By fur, Mexicans constitute the largest group of illegal aliens living in the U.S,. und this bill will improve the inadequate security at ports of entry and ulong our nation's long under-staffed border. You cun judge how effective it would be by its enemies especially the Mexican government whose agents are working overtime to interfere with America's legislative process. According to a Dec. 21 APreport, President Vicente Fox denounced the bill as "shameful,” is urging Mexican workers in the U.S. to demonstrate against the bill as a violation of their rights, and has hired a U.S. public relations firm to attack the bill.
Should American voters succumb to the demands of a foreign government and let H.R. 4437 be defeated in the Senate or in conference? It would be a tragic show of national weakness if we let Mexico's Pres. Vicente Fox, Gustavo Torres, and the other open border agitators dictate America’s policies.
Don’t Take the Bubba Balt
By John Vinson Immigration Watch Editor
Many immigration reformers were pleased by the passage of H .R. 4437 in the House. This measure certainly takes some steps toward effective reform, but in reality it is only a half-measure. More steps are necessary.
Some of the good things that the bill does arc these: I) It establishes mandatory employer verification of employees’ work status through government dutn bases. 2) It encourages state and local police ugencies to cooperate with federal law enforcement. 3) It authorizes construction of fences on the Mexican border. 4) It ubolishes the "visa lottery,” which allows foreigners to settle in the United States if they urc lucky enough to pick one of the winning tickets thut the lottery offers.
further needed steps arc these: 1) Mandatory verification nowl H.R. 4437 delays implementation for six years. This dcluy is absurd, given that u voluntary verification program, Music Pitot, is already in place. 2) More Border Patrol agents und deployment of troops until the Border Patrol lias sufficient manpower to do its job, 3) More detention space to hold OTM (other than Mexican) illegal ulicnx so that they will not be routinely released-us is loo often
Immigration Watch Editor John Vinton
the case now. 4) Ending the policy of giving automatic citizenship to the children of illcgul aliens born on U.S. soil.
The Bush Administration und some key members of Congress, unfortunately, ure not really interested in the next needed steps for genuine reform —or even the first steps for thut matter. Rather, us described by Notional Review columnist Rich Lowry, they hope to use the H.R. 4437 provisions us "boob bait for Bubba.” The Bush Administration will give lip service to "Bubbu" (a contemptuous term for conservative Americans), while pushing what it bus wanted all ulong: u massive "guest worker" amnesty for illegal aliens, Said I ,owry,"A Republican close to the
White House has told Time [magazine] how Bush wants to lull his conservative supporters into swallowing amnesty and guest worker prograin[s] .... The idea is that the House ... will pass a bill with new enforcement measures, only to see the Senate pass a different bill with nn amnesty and guest worker program, which will be shoved down the throats of the House on u take-it-or-leavc it basis. Supporters of tougher enforcement will have gotten their ‘noise,’ and Bush and the business lobby will have gotten their policy.”
A member of the House confirmed to Americans for Immigration Control thut the Bush Administration will put heavy pressure on the House to get what it wants. To defeut its strategy, he maintained, citizens must raise u loud outcry to both the House und Senate. They must insist, said this congressman, thut there be no discussion of guest worker programs or any other major chunges in immigration law until we cun cnuct reforms to promote enforcement — und test them,
The buslc insincerity of the admiiiiNtnition is obvious. The guest worker proposul is not u permanent amnesty, the president insists, because the guest workers would go home alter several terms. That would be the law.
But what would that matter to the illegal aliens the proposed recipients of gueNt worket status who are here already? The luw means nothing to them now because we luck the will and the means to enforce it. This situation will not chungc until we huve
effective internal enforcement in operation. Getting state and local police involved is a place to begin. Nevertheless, the president and other guest worker advocates huve barely given lip service to this idea. Instead, they have stressed border security, u step which has nothing do with muking sure that guest workers truly will be guests, i.e., people who go home after paying us a visit.
Knowledgeable Americans are tired of bait and switch tactics to prevent meaningful reform. Twenty years ago the political powers told us that if we would just accept u one-time amnesty for illegal aliens, we would have good enforcement. Instead we got more amnesties, but no laws with any teeth in them.
After so many broken promises from Washington, the current promises from Washington menn nothing. 'The politicians must heur the messuge: Real control of our border und interior, first and foremost. Anything else is Bubbu bait.
Mfhat You Can Do
mm
Call or Write Your Senators and Congressman. Tell them to vote 'NO* on any bill that turns Illegal aliens Into ‘guestworkers
U.S. Capitol Switchboard:
202-224-3121
February 2006
Middle American News
Immigration Briefs
A news summary from Americans for Immigration Control
Declining to go to trial, executives of Zirkle Fruit Company in Washington state agreed to pay $ 1.3 million to settle a lawsuit which charged that they conspired to hire illegal aliens in order to depress wages. Potentially eligible for damages in the class-action suit are 20,000 legal workers in the Yakima Valley whose wages may have declined because of the company’s alleged policies.
Howard Foster, the lawyer handling the suit, said that Zirkle Fruit was in violation of the Raketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO). Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies said that this use of RICO suits could be an effective means to deter hiring of illegal aliens throughout the country.
Grassroots Action
by Peter Gemma

In what The Washington Post (1/5/06) called “a maneuver circumventing the need for approval by the Senate,” President Bush appointed Julie L. Myers to head the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The president put her at the helm of ICE by a “recess appointment” which will last for at least a year.
The 36-year old Myers faced strong opposition in the Senate because of her lack of experience in immigration law enforcement. Chuck Showalter, president of the union representing DHS and ICE employees, observed, “I haven’t seen anything to show that she is qualified.... My members are worried about whether they will have someone on top that can support them.”
Myers’ critics say that connections, rather than merit, account for her appointment. She is the niece of Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the wife of the DHS chief of staff.
At the end of its past session. Congress appropriated four million dollars for the National Council of La Raza (NCLR), a prominent Hispanic advocacy group which resists most proposals to control illegal immigration, while promoting benefits for illegal aliens residing in the U.S. La Raza in Spanish means “The Race.”
The NCLR’s total assets in 2003 were nearly $52 million. In addition to its latest grant, the organization has received more than $30 million from federal sources during the past ten years. The purpose of such grants is to fund social programs administered by private organizations like NCLR. The $4 million grant was to assist home ownership.
Critics of this kind of grant-making say that it always will assist the overall activities of the recipient group, directly or indirectly, even if it is earmarked for socially beneficial purposes. Strongly denouncing the recent grant to NCLR, Rep. Charlie Norwood (R-GA) observed that “we ought not to send taxpayers’ money to people who absolutely advocate ... using that money for ... not [following] the law of the land and not [securing] our country’s borders.”
Title Mexican government expressed anger toward the provision in the bill passed by the House, H.R. 4437, which authorizes the building of fences along the Mexican border to help stop illegal immigration. “Mexico is not going to bear, it is not going to permit, and it will not allow a stupid thing like this wall,” said Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Ernesto Derbez. He added that his country would seek to “raise a storm of criticism” against the fences.
To carry out this objective within the United States, the Mexican government has engaged, with a $720,000 contract, the services of Allyn & Co., a public relations firm in Dallas, Texas. The head of the firm, Rob Allyn, said that he “relish[ed] the opportunity” to put forth Mexico’s viewpoint. A number of Americans, he conceded, are not happy about the upcoming PR campaign. “The phones [at the firm’s office] have been ringing off the hook, and [there’s] the hate e-mail,” said Allyn. “We have a lot of people who question your patriotism.”
In response to the statement of Mexican President Vicente Fox that the American proposal to build fences along the Mexican border was “disgraceful and shameful,” Rep. J.D. Hayworth replied that Fox needs to “shut up.”
Hayworth added, “What’s disgraceful is President Fox presuming to lecture the United States on how best to protect itself against an invasion—an invasion that has his wholehearted advocacy .... He needs to stop his advocacy of... his countrymen [coming] into our nation. What’s shameful is that, as the president of the Republic of Mexico, he does nothing to stem this invasion. He actively endorses it.”
A Rasmussen Reports poll, cited by worIdnetdaily.com 12/13/05, found that 54 percent of Americans believe that the war in Iraq is the dominant issue facing the United States. Twenty-nine percent believe that immigration should be the top concern. “That’s ... remarkably high, said the pollster, for an issue that both major parties have generally avoided.” A slight majority of the Republicans surveyed (42 percent to 41 percent) said that immigration was more important than the war.
The survey also asked if the United States should build a “barrier” along the border with Mexico. Fifty-eight percent agreed. In response to another question, 54 percent said they had a favorable view of the Minutemen volunteers who stand watch on U.S. borders and report illegal immigration to the Border Patrol.
A class-action lawsuit in California, reported The San Francisco Chronicle 12/15/05, charges university and college systems in the state with “knowing and deliberate violation of federal and state law by granting illegal aliens a tuition exemption denied U.S. citizens.” The suit maintains that allowing illegal resident foreigners to pay in-state tuition, while charging much higher tuition to out-of-state Americans, violates a 1996 federal statute requiring equal treatment of nonresident Americans and foreigners.
It further charges that different tuition rates violate California’s anti-discrimination laws.
Kris Kobach, the plan tiffs’ co-council, says that damages from the suit could amount to “hundreds of millions” of dollars. Eligible for damages, say supporters of this legal action, are 60,000 out-of-state citizens.
In the paranoid fantasy world of left-wingers, “media bias” favors conservatism. The left-wing In These Times recently asserted, “Inaccurate, distorted and misleading news reports that further a conservative agenda or undermine progressive ideas dominate our newspapers and airwaves.” But in reality, the facts are just the opposite: A 2004 poll by the Pew Research Center for The People & The Press found five times more journalists described themselves as “liberal” as said they were “conservative.” Surveys of journalists’ self-reported voting habits show them backing the Democratic candidate in every presidential election since 1964. A 2004 poll conducted by the University of Connecticut found journalists backed John Kerry over George W. Bush by a greater than two-to-one margin.
Media bias against Middle American ideas and ideals is real, but as In These Times correctly points out, media ignorance and naivety, is more of a problem. Effective grassroots action can make a difference as will be noted in this column for the next few issues. Your experiences and ideas are most welcome.
One of the most popular sections in a newspaper is the Letters to the Editor—it’s natural for people to scope out opinions from their peers, not just ingest the opinions of pundits and reporters. Here’s your best shot at getting published: write a short letter, 150-200 words, and zero-in on one documentable fact or issue. Always make your point politely.
And key to making your voice heard is a quick response. Send your message via e-mail or consider hand-delivering the letter instead of relying on the government’s snail mail deliver system.
Whenever you do get a letter published, make copies and send it around to opinion leaders. When writing to your congressman or your city councilman, include a copy of your published letter — that way your views carry weight as an activist. If you’re a member of a political party or a community service club, take copies of your published letter and pass it around to other members. By amplifying your views, you may spark a debate, but that is better than quiet frustration over public apathy.
Here’s another way to strengthen the impact of writing to a newspaper: take the waffling response from a politician and use it as a basis for a letter to the editor. Make it relevant by relating it to an issue that’s currently in the news. For example, if there is a “day labor” site, a magnet for illegal aliens, on the front page of the local news section — and has a politician claimed in a letter to you that there’s nothing that can be done about it — then counter his views in a public forum. Debate and expose the politician, even if he and his-allies get the last say in an exchange. You won’t be able to solve the entire immigration issue in less than 200 words, but you can cite specific laws that are not being enforced or perhaps show how some day labor operations have been shut down in other communities.
Always aim your message to the widest audience. If you’re talking about illegal aliens, your point may be more widely accepted if the negative impact of unregulated immigration is wrapped around such issues as health risks, environmental concerns, social security solvency, education standards, etc.
Finally, if a news story has correctly identified some fact or issue, by all means point that out. Don’t treat the letters page as the complaint department of a newspaper.
Peter B. Gemma has written for USA Today, Military History, and Human Events, and is the editor of the forthcoming book, Shots Fired: Sam Francis on America’s Culture War. The radical Southern Poverty Law Center calls Gemma a "veteran far-right agitator."
February 2006
Middle American News
Heritage Foundation and Human Events make sharp left turn
Conservative Paper Seeks Claim to M. L King’s *Legacy’
By Kevin Lamb	In	a	front	page article in the October
15, 1983, issue, Human Events' editors What do the Heritage Foundation, explained their opposition. In bold text the Human Events, and the Socialist Party USA editors argued,
have in common? They all lay claim to the “But make no mistake about this piece legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr.	of legislation. It has been steamrollered
On Jan. 16th, the twentieth federal holiday celebrating King’s birthday, the conservative Republicans at HumanEventsOnline.com posted a lengthy glowing tribute to the late civil rights leader.
Carolyn Garris, Program Coordinator of the B. Kenneth Simon Center for American Studies of the right-wing Heritage Foundation, argued that conservatives should “lay claim” to the legacy of the slain black leader because he believed in the “principles of the American Founding” and
through — fueled by a tone of hypocrisy — in an attempt to appease the black vote. The King holiday bill is another pinch of incense on the altar of those civil rights “spokesmen” who demand from the rest of us not equal treatment but gross favoritism, fresh tribute for supposed past sins which have already been paid for several times over.”
Human Events denounced the radicalism espoused by King, and noted that even Life magazine sharply criticized King’s
because ‘ his core beliefs, such as the power anti-Vietnam War speech in New York City
and necessity of faith-based association and self-government based on absolute truth and moral law, are profoundly conservative.”
Human Events' warm embrace of King today represents a complete about-face
on April 4,1967, as “a demagogic slander that sounded like a script for Radio Hanoi.” The editorial asked, “Is this the kind of man we should elevate to the same exalted status as the father of our country?”
One month later. Human Events
from the paper’s position twenty years ago. published Sen. Helm’s speech of October 3,
Back then, Human Events fanned the flames among grassroots conservatives opposed to making King’s birthday a national holiday. In several articles and editorials, the conservative weekly applauded the efforts of legislators such as Sen. Jesse Helms, R.-NC, and Rep. John Ashbrook, R.-OH, who led the fight in Congress against the King holiday.
1983, as an eight-page “special supplement” titled, “The Radical Record of Martin Luther King,” which documented King’s communist affiliations and likely KGB connections. The once hard-hitting conservative weekly was no fan of Martin Luther King — until now.
Anyone familiar with King’s record knows full well he advocated radical
What HumanEvents.onllne says about Martin Luther King
“It is time for conservatives to lay claim to the legacy of the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.... Despite decades of its appropriation by liberals, King’s message was fundamentally conservative.”
“King aimed to unite a divided America behind the goals of the Founders, not to shift fundamentally unjust public policies to favor different groups. Affirmative action stands outside King’s legacy because it requires the government to see Americans as members of privileged and disfavored racial groups, not equal individuals.”
Carolyn Garris of the Heritage Foundation, “Conservatives Should Lay Claim to King,” Human Events.online, January 16,2006
Here's what Martin Luther said about conservatives
PLAYBOY: If you could send someone - anyone -- to [a] desert island ... who would it be?
MARTIN LUTHER KING:That’s another tough one. Let me see, I guess I wouldn’t mind seeing Mr. Goldwater dispatched to a desert island. I hope they’d feed him and everything, of course. I am nonviolent, you know. Politically, though, he’s already on a desert island, so it may be unnecessary to send him there.
PLAYBOY: We take it you weren’t overly distressed by his defeat in the Presidential race.
MARTIN LUTHER KING: Until that defeat, Goldwater was the most dangerous man in America. He talked soft and nice, but he gave aid and comfort to the most vicious racists and the most extreme rightists in America. He gave respectability to views totally alien to the democratic process. Had he won, he would have led us down a fantastic path that would have totally destroyed America as we know it.
Playboy magazine, January 1965
restructuring of American government and society, more in sync with the Socialist Party, as an advocate of a “living wage,” apostle of the “dispossessed,” and staunch critic of capitalism. In 1965, King even wrote a glowing tribute to Norman Thomas, the leader of the Socialist Party, in an article published in Pageant magazine. In its literature, the Socialist Party USA approvingly quotes King advocating a “guaranteed income” and “revolution” against “the structures” of society.
It is simply gross ignorance - or deliberate deception - to claim that King symbolizes the principles that conservatives embrace.
The idea of equality under the law as envisioned by our Founding Fathers, for example, differs dramatically from the radical egalitarianism advocated by King. In reality, King was motivated by what he perceived as gross social and economic injustices leading back to the founding of the Republic. As he himself put it, “The
that opposed Communism in Vietnam, and argued that “poor countries are poor primarily because we have exploited them through political or economic colonialism.” He further argued that “our loyalties must transcend ... our nation; and this means we must develop a world perspective.”
In other words, King openly defied the values and principles that define traditionalist conservatism. In the 1960’s, conservatives respected their European heritage, defended their cultural values, and embraced their national origins in a patriotic spirit of civic honor.
So what explains this modem embrace of King as a hero to conservatives? In essence, today’s conservative movement has drifted steadily leftward on cultural issues, being led by neo-conservative ideologists that have more in common with Herbert Aptheker, W. E. B. DuBois, and other radical socialists than they do with Richard Weaver, Barry Goldwater, or Russell Kirk.
In the contemporary political era,
dispossessed of this country — the poor. Republican conservatives have morphed the white and Negro — live in a cruelly unjust society.”
King’s principles and outlook are the polar opposite of the conservatism of Barry Goldwater who opposed the King-backed 1964 Civil Rights Act, championed limited government, and favored a strong national defense. As an advocate of left-wing programs for “civil rights and social justice,”
King denounced U.S. “militaristic”policies
into the equivalent of European Social Democrats.
When it comes to bedrock cultural values, the conservatives who represent the ranks of today’s conservative movement are anything but conservative.
Kevin Lamb is a former managing editor of Human Events and is the communications director of the National Policy Institute.
Martin Luther King endorsed race-based preferences:
PLAYBOY: Do you feel it’s fair to request a multibillion-dollar program of preferential treatment for the Negro, or for any other minority group? MARTIN LUTHER KING: I do indeed. Can any fair-minded citizen deny that the Negro has been deprived?...Within common law, we have ample precedents for special compensatory programs, which are regarded as settlements. American Indians are still being paid for land in a settlement manner. Is not two centuries of labor, which helped to build this country, as real a commodity? M&ny other easily applicable precedents are readily at hand: our child labor laws, social security, unemployment compensation, man-power retraining programs. And you will remember that America adopted a policy of special treatment for her millions of veterans after the War—a program which cost far more than a policy of preferential treatment to rehabilitate the traditionally disadvantaged Negro would cost today.
Playboy Magazine, January 1965
Martin Luther King compared the U.S. to Nazi Germany
What do the peasants think as we ally ourselves with the landlords and as we refuse to put any action into our many words concerning land reform? What do they think as we test out our latest weapons on them, just as the Germans tested out new medicine and new tortures in the concentration camps of Europe?
“Beyond Vietnam,” address to Clergy and Laymen Concerned About Vietnam. Riverside Church, New York City, April 4, 1967
Martin Luther King said the U.S. was source of the world’s violence
I could never again raise my voice against the violence of the oppressed in the ghettos without having first spoken clearly to the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today — my own government.
Riverside Church, New York City, April 4,1967
February 2006
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Page 11
MIDDU
AMERICAN
Editor
Jerry Woodruff Contributors:
Phil Kent - Brent Nelson -Robert Goldsborough -Chilton Williamson Jr. -Wayne Lutton - John Vinson
Published Monthly by Middle American Institute, Inc.
$2.00 per issue, $17.00 per year To subscribe, send check or money order payable to:
Middle American News
P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619
wwwjnanews.org
“The issue today is the same as it has been throughout all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite ”
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Middle American News are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Middle American Institute, and are not intended to influence elections.
Clieers for Roberts
Bravo, Paul Craig Roberts. At last someone who understands economics and isn’t afraid to tell it as it really is.
In addition, his other perceptive insights into our world can be categorized as nothing less than brilliant.
Bad news? Let’s not shoot the messenger, but rather face up to reality and disregard the delusional pap we’re fed by the controlled media. A rationalist such as Roberts up top would provide America with the direction it so desperately needs.
Mr. PR.
Salem, Oregon
Solution to Illegal Immigration
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff stated that it would cost billions of dollars to locate and transport millions of illegal aliens from the U.S.
If the penalties for hiring illegals was very costly for the employer, there would be no jobs, no money, no welfare, no food stamps, no free dental/medical care, no schools with free lunches for the illegal students. Soon, they would find their way back home as they found their up here, and would discourage other illegals to come.
Go one step further: Make it very expensive to harbor or support any illegal. Tell Mexican President Vicente Fox to fix Mexico’s economy and we’ll control our border.
Mr.WE.
Washington State
Urges Readers to Lobby Senators
Congress has passed Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner’s immigration bill, it is now in the hands of our lawyer-dominated Senate, which no doubt will attempt to strip many of the provisions (such as the border fence), and add a guest worker plan.
I urge readers to call and write their senators and demand that they pass this much-needed Sensenbrenner
Readers’ Forum
bill, as is. I suggest sending a postcard, if you don’t have access to a computer. They need to hear from us, as they already are so much in favor with big business and special interest groups.
To express our outrage with President Bush’s guestworker/amnesty plan for illegal aliens, we should demand that before becoming a “guestworker,” illegal aliens ought to serve a three-year tour in the U.S. armed forces, as a support group, etc. They could be trained by our military, sent to Iraq, or to the U.S. border to build a fence. Only after the three-year tour could they apply to become a guestworker.
It is time we put President Bush and his allies on the defensive. Why give these invaders a free pass? Make them pay their dues. Our own citizens are fighting and dying overseas. The illegals should have to prove themselves first. Let’s then see how many aliens step up.
Mr.JRP.
Clearwater, Florida
Sees A ‘No Brainer ’
How many U.S. Border Patrol officers are needed to protect the borders? How many on the southern and northern borders, and how many would be needed to process and deport the illegals that are caught within our borders?
Would it take 90,000 employees? Since we now have 89,000 employees collecting our income taxes for the IRS, a similar number of employees (and, perhaps, military troops) to protect us from invasion by illegal aliens is certainly not exorbitant. Especially when the force would stop all kinds of drugs, guns and criminals and terrorists from entering the U.S.
We are now allowing the destruction of our schools, economy, and society with drugs and gangs that continue our overall deterioration.
This is such a ‘no brainer’ it is a dereliction of duty to not enforce Article 4, Section 4, of the Constitution
which says, “the United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican form of government and shall protect each of them against invasion.”
What part of the above is not understood by our congressmen and women?
Mr.HJ3.
Fresno, California Insulted by All Award
On November 9, draft dodger Muhammad Ali (a.k.a. Cassius Clay) was awarded the Medal of Freedom by President George Bush. For all of us who served our time when summoned and received an honorable discharge, whether career military or citizen-soldier, no matter what rank or military occupational specialty, this is an insult.
I have not heard one word of criticism of Bush in either the written or electronic media. I am beginning to think that criticism of this administration for not being up to scratch morally and intellectually is justified.
Mr.GB. '	I	I
California
---------:--------- Letters -----------------------
Middle American News
P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619 Phone: 919-839-1001 Fax: 919-839-2181
Email address: manewsQmanews.org Visit our website: www.manews.org (Letters may be edited for space and clarity. )
To Order Extra Copies of This Issue, Use the Coupon on Page 20
February 2006
Page 12
Middle American News
Politicians Arc Corrupt - Yawn! The least-surprising “news” of the past month is the concerted effort to “spin” lobbyist Jack Abramoff’s guilty plea on congressional bribery into a “Republican scandal,” when it really exposes how widespread and across-the-board such corruption actually is. When asked about the $30,500 he received from Abramoff and his clients. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) sputtered that it was irrelevant because “this is a Republican scandal” - as if such an arrogant attitude somehow immunizes him from the stench of corruption from the same source. We are asked to believe that when Abramoff and his
itnrn nu r	ohvp	rn
Republicans, it was a bribe, but when they gave to Democrats, it was an honorable donation to promote “good government.”
The Center for Responsive Politics has sifted through six years of campaign disclosure reports and offers a detailed look at contributions from Abramoff and his clients on the Internet at www.capitaleye.org/ abramoff. While most of those contributions are to the GOP, the number of Democrats is quite striking for a “Republican scandal”: Harry Reid’s $30,500 exceeded the $28,000 raked in by House Majority Leader Ibm DeLay (R-TX), with whom the media are trying to portray Abramoff as a virtual Siamese twin. Former Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle (D-SD) received $26,500 -more than the $22,000 given to TVent Lott (R-MS), who was Senate Majority Leader during part of that period. Other eyebrow-raising donations include $33,000 to Rep. Patrick “Son of Teddy” Kennedy (D-RI), $40,980 to far Veft Sen.Patty Murray (D-WA),$11,100 to Rep. Frank Pafttme ('D-'NJ'), $31,000 to Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-NY),
$11300 to Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA), $ 14^00 to Sen ™ Ibm Harkin (D-IA), $16,000 to House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD), $15,000 to Rep. Chris John (D-LA), $14,500 to Rep. Dale Kildee (D-MI) and $11,100 to Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA). Smaller amounts were accepted by many more Dems, including Rep. Maxine Waters (D-C A), Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Sen.
DianneFeinstein (D-CA), Sen. Kent Conrad (D-ND),
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT),Rep. Nita Lowey (D-NY), newly appointed Sen. Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Rep. Henry Waxman (D-CA) and (gasp!) Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-NY). House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) - who recently demanded an “ethics” committee investigation of two of her California colleagues Richard Pombo (R) and John Doolittle (R) for taking Abramoff money - has also accepted filthy lucre from the same source.
A few years ago, when Rep. Jim Moran (D-VA) signed onto a bill within days of the measure’s key lobbyist bailing him out of a financial hole with a personal loan, his action was considered perfectly legitimate - business as usual. Journalist Ambrose Bierce noted more than a century ago that politics is “the conduct of public business for private advantage.” Obviously, nothing has changed since then except that it costs so much more to buy (or rent) today’s pol.
Not that any of this excuses Republicans who took dishonest money, but it certainly explodes the media-manufactured myth that the scandal is confined to one party and demonstrates the universality of corruption. While Congress had little difficulty deciding to abridge citizens’ First Amendment rights in the last round of “campaign finance reform,” it will be utterly unable to pass meaningful legislation to curb its own larcenous tendencies. Anything that becomes law is guaranteed to have enough holes to drive a fleet of Brinks’ trucks loaded with campaign “contributions” through. The recent resignation and confession of bribery by Rep. Randy “Duke” Cunningham (R-CA) has spawned several bills that would deny members of Congress their pensions if they are convicted of such crimes. This
February 2006
reform is offered every time a pol goes to jail, but rarely comes up for a vote, and never gets enough support to become law....
Speaking of Scandal. Here’s a story you won’t hear much about in the mass media’s orgy of “Republican” corruption: An aide to Rep. William Jefferson (D-LA), the first black to be elected to Congress from that state since Reconstruction, has pleaded guilty to conspiracy and to aiding and abetting the solicitation of bribes by Jefferson. According to the aide, Brett Pfeffer, Jefferson demanded an ownership interest in two telecommunications companies in exchange for getting them loans through the U.S. Import-Export Bank to provide cable TV and Internet service in Nigeria. Pfeffer says the congressman also insisted that the firms hire one of his relatives and tried to steer legal work to another relative. Jefferson made news in October when he commandeered two National Guard trucks and a helicopter — during rescue attempts in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Katrina - to help him remove personal items from his home in New Orleans ....
Talk Is Cheap - Pork Isn’t. Rep. Eric Cantor (R-VA) was plucked out of the freshman class and groomed for leadership by the top echelon of the GOP, largely because he is the only Jewish Republican in the House -just as ex-Rep. J.C. Watts (R-OK) received the same preferential treatment for being the only black member of his party in that chamber. Now Chief Deputy Majority Whip, Cantor recently wrote an impassioned op-ed piece calling for an end to irresponsible spending by Congress and touting his own proposal for an across-the-board cu of all spending not related to defense or homeland security by five percent. But just two weeks before that column ran. Cantor’s House website was boasting about bringing $1.45 million in new federal spending for his district. He talks the talk, but walks the same walk as all the other pork-grabbers ....
Not Irresponsible Enough. In December, Rep. Nydia Velazquez (D-NY) verbally flogged the head of the Small Business Administration and demanded his resignation because the agency had not been sufficiently irresponsible in handing out money for Hurricane Katrina relief. SBA is not supposed to be a welfare agency, but lends money to sound business ventures that have a reasonable chance to succeed and repay those loans. The agency’s sin was turning down 80 percent of the disaster loan requests in Katrina country - all for very sound financial reasons, one can bet. The small agency also has an unprecedented backlog of over 200,000 applications - because it does not have the manpower required to process such a sudden, crushing load - and Velazquez apparently thinks they should all be funded before their creditworthiness can be assessed. SBA has approved over 20,000 loans, at a total “investment” of $1.4 billion....
Told You So! Last month we spotlighted the media fabrication that Congress had “killed” funding a $200 million-plus bridge to an island with just 50 residents in Alaska, inserted by notorious porkmaster Sen. Tfed
Stevens (R-AK). In fact, we pointed out. the funding remained intact, and only the requirement that it be used for that project was deleted from the final spending bill. In December, Alaska Gov. (and former Sen.). Frank Murkowski (R) confirmed that he would use the money for that purpose. While the story that the earmark as “killed” was printed nationwide, there has been virtually no coverage at all of the final, disgraceful result....
Desperate for Scandal. The usual suspects are demanding an impeachment probe into George W. Bush’s order to wiretap international phone conversations with known operatives of Osama bin Laden
ana outer terrorists, i ne nngieaaer is jou Conyers (D-MI), who vehemently denied that perjury serious crime - at least when Bill Clinton does it - but wants Bush impeached for “lying” about weapons of mass destruction. His accomplices are Lois Capps (D-CA), Sheila Jackson-Lee (D-CA), Zoe Lofgren (D-CA Donald Payne (D-NJ), Charlie Rangel, Maxine Water and Lynn Woolsey (D-CA)....
No Good Deed Goes Unpunished. Language inserted quietly and at the last minute by the GOP leadership in a recently passed defense appropriations bill bars state or local governments receiving federal housing or community development funds from denyii the Boy Scouts and other youth groups equal access t public meeting space. There was a time in this country when no politician would dare slam the Boy Scouts, bi unhappily, that day is long past. The effort at fairness was immediately denounced and characterized as “antigay” by Rep. Christopher Shays (R-in name only, CT).. “makes me question the judgment of my (party] leadership,” he moaned — although the Supreme Court has said that the scouts have the right to exclude pederasts and homosexuals. Rep. John Larson (D-CT) claimed to be disturbed because the provision encroaches on “states’ rights” - rights that Larson’s party has viciously subverted and eliminated at every available opportunity for the past fifty years ....
Slasher Politics. At presstime, Sowande Ajumoke Omojunde, son of Rep. Gwen Moore (D-WI).and four other paid workers for the Kerry presidential campaign were on trial for slashing the tires of vans rented by the Milwaukee GOP to transport voters to the polls in November 2004. The prosecutor is a Democrat, who has dragged his feet for more than a year. The national pres can’t find time to report on this case, but always coven accusations of minority voters being “suppressed" -stories that always turn out to be based on nothing moi than paranoia and imagination ....
Low Down and Dirty. Sen. Hillary Clinton placed j anonymous “hold” on the nomination of White House aide Brett Kavanaugh to a judgeship on the D.C. Circui Court. Why? Because Kavanaugh was a deputy to special counsel Kenneth Starr during the Whitewater ai Lewinsky investigations. Just think what vengeance th incredibly petty woman will wreak if she ever becomes president!... Sen. TYent Lott is suing his insurance company because it will not cover the loss of his Mississippi home to Hurricane Katrina. That policy, as virtually all other home insurance policies, specifically excludes flood damage from its coverage - something Lott certainly knew, or should have known. For that reason, the federal government has its own flood insurance program boondoggle, but Lott was apparentl; too thick-headed to participate .... Rep. Henry Cuellar (D-TX) complains that sealing the U.S. border with Mexico would be “very dangerous” for agriculture. Of course, allowing 5,000 or more invaders to cross over every night is obviously “very dangerous” for national security and the continued existence of a single united country here, but that doesn't seem to bother Cuellar.
VIEWPOINT
Middle American Mews
Page 13
How Stands the Empire?
How long ago was it that you last heard some pundit blather on about America being “the greatest empire since Rome”?
Quite a while, I imagine,. For if the Iraqi insurgency has done nothing else, it has induced a sense of humility, and of the limits of American power.
Surely, all Americans hope the Iraqi elections will usher in a coalition that will let us depart. But it is time we stood back and took a hard look at what this war tells us, not only about our ability, but about the wisdom of trying to remake the world in our own image.
Is this generation of Americans really up to the task? Is it really willing to pay indefinitely in blood and treasure to realize the ambitious agenda George W. Bush has out? Consider:
Though our 2,150 war dead are not 4 percent of the men we lost in Vietnam, our home front has buckled. Half the nation wants out. Is this a mighty empire reacts to a little adversity?
Today, we field armed forces one-tenth the size of U.S. forces in 19‘ and not half as large as the forces commanded by Ike and JFK. Yet, the suggestion of a return to the draft, which we all readily accepted in the 1950s, causes a firestorm of indignation and protest.
Apparently, few of our future leaders wish to risk their lives in the “global democratic revolution.”
Nor have the rest of us been called on to sacrifice. Today, we spend 4 percent of our GDP on the military. In Ike’s day, it was 9 percent; in Reagan’s, 6 percent. But any proposal to raise taxes to expand U.S. armed forces to enforce the Bush Doctrine against Iran or North Korea would have Republican supply-siders digging the
cobblestones out of the streets of Georgetown.
When it comes to empire, we are — in a phrase Bush used to hear often growing up in West Texas — “all hat and no cattle.”
And whether we invaded to liberate Iraq from a brutal tyrant, or to strip a dangerous regime of WMD, or to establish democracy, does the world appreciate it? Does the world really want America to democratize mankind?
A new Zogby poll of 3,900 people in six once-ffiendly Arab nations finds that, when asked to name the leader they detest most, 45 percent named Ariel Sharon, but Bush has moved into second at 30 percent. Tony Blair was a distant third at 3 percent. No one else was close.
Only 6 percent agreed with al-Qaida’s goal of a caliphate ruling the Islamic world, and only 7 percent approved of its terrorism — but fully 36 percent admired how al-Qaida “confronts the U.S.”
How admired is President Bush? When he urged the Iranians to go to the polls and repudiate the mullahs, they responded by choosing as president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who makes Hashemi Rafsanjani look like Ramsey Clark. When Condi Rice stiffed the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood on a visit to Cairo, the Brotherhood soared in Egyptian eyes and swept to victory in 60 percent of the parliamentary races it contested.
Everywhere today, nationalists burnish their credentials by dissing us. In Canada, Prime Minister Paul Martin seeks to save a scandal-ridden regime by pandering to Canadians’ dislike of the United States. Hugo Chavez made himself the toast of South America by flipping off Bush at the Argentine summit. Evo Morales just swept to victory in Bolivia by promising to defy the Americans.
When Bush went to Seoul, he was informed that South Korea is pulling out of Iraq. The U.S. ambassador, who denounced the North as a criminal regime, was told to shut up. East Asia just held its first summit — to which the United States was not invited. The Uzbeks have just told us: Close your airbase, and get out.
Because of charges that we used secret prisons in Europe to interrogate jihadists and EU airports to transfer them there, the United States has never been less-admired in NATO Europe, nor its president more despised.
Is it not thus apparent the world does not really want an American empire, or American hegemony, or Bush’s “democratic revolution”? Is it not equally apparent that we Americans, unwilling to conscript our young or further tax ourselves, cannot sustain a global policy that commits us to defending nations all over this world, most of which do not even like us?
However Iraq ends, the era that began with the fall of the Berlin Wall has reached its close. That place in the sun the Greatest Generation won for us, and the Cold War generation kept for us, the baby boomer generation appears to have lost. And perhaps forever.
America needs a new vision. America needs a new foreign policy.
To find out more about Patrick Buchanan, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwxreators .com.
COPYRIGHT2005CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
The GOP’s Demographic Crisis
It was from their success in Texas that George Bush and Karl Rove devised their grand strategy for regaining the “lock” on the presidency that had been the legacy of Nixon and Reagan.
Nixon’s “New Majority” and the “Reagan Coalition” were built on the same foundation: a united Republican Party to which was added the socially conservative Democrats who would defect to the GOP on “God, gays and guns,” and other battleground issues of the culture war.
Rove and Bush correctly perceived that, due to immigration, the Nixon-Reagan coalition, composed almost entirely of white voters, was shrinking in relative terms. Where, in 1960, European-Americans were nearly 90 percent of the population and an
even higher share of the voters, today, they are less than 70 percent of the population.
Today, a Republican can sweep the white vote 55 percent to 45 percent, and still lose. And as President Clinton merrily predicted a few years ago, white folks will be just another minority in 2050, as they are already in California and Texas.
In short. Republicans need minority voters to survive as America s Party. The Bush-Rove solution to the looming demographic disaster is to go all-out to court the nation’s fastest growing minority, Hispanics, who now number 40 million and 13 percent of the U.S. population. But, in seeking to win the Hispanic vote, the mh»n>nt	rtf	the	Rnsh-Rnve	strateev have become
manifestly clear.
First, Hispanics have never voted Republican in any presidential election. In his 49-state landslide in 1984, Reagan, despite a macho image that appealed to Hispanics, managed to
win only 44 percent. In national elections, the Hispanic vote ranges between 56 percent and 75 percent Democratic. Thus, the more Hispanic America becomes, the more Democratic America becomes.
California, which Nixon carried on five tickets and Ronald Reagan never lost, is a harbinger of what is to come. With a fifth of the electoral votes needed to win the presidency, California has moved beyond the reach of a conservative Republican.
Reason: Though many Hispanics may be social conservatives, they believe in Big Government. Understandably so. For, as lower-income voters, they pay far less in
income taxes than the average American, while benefiting far. more from the welfare state: free education for their kids, food stamps, welfare checks, housing supplements, Medicaid, subsidized day care, student loans and grants, affirmative action, and earned income tax credits. At the local, state and federal level, Hispanics vote for the party of government.
Here, we come to the first hurdle in wooing Hispanics. The GOP is a small-government party whose faithful are appalled at President Bush’s fiscal imprudence.
But if Bush, who has governed as a Great Society Republican, starts to imitate Bob Taft, he will have to slash spending and open himself to charges he is “balancing the budget on the backs of the Hispanic poor.”
In short, there is an inherent contradiction between being the party of small government and being the party of Hispanics, and that contradiction is tearing the Bush-Rove coalition apart at the seams.
Now, an irreconcilable conflict looms. In a House vote before the Christmas-New Year’s break, Republicans endorsed a 700-mile security fence on the U.S .-Mexican border and tough sanctions on corporations that hire illegal aliens. No issue more fires up the populist base and white working-class Democrats than the issue of unprotected borders and the flooding of our cities and towns by some 12 million illegal aliens and counting.
For five years, President Bush has refused to deal with the crisis on the border, denouncing the Minutemen who went there to serve as spotters for a beleaguered Border Patrol as “vigilantes.” For Bush and Rove believe that taking a tough line on illegal immigration will do to the national GOP what they think Gov. Pete Wilson’s hard line on illegal immigration did to the California GOP.
But now that immigration has become the hot domestic issue and Republicans are taking a tougher line, repudiating Bush’s guest-worker plan as amnesty, Bush is being compelled to come down harder himself against illegal immigration — or become irrelevant.
The question Bush and Rove face is this: Can the GOP be both the party that secures the border against Hispanic invaders and sanctions employers who hire them, and still be the party Hispanics will vote for? In the old imagery, if Bush reaches for the bird in the bush, the Hispanic vote, by favoring open borders and amnesty, he may lose the bird in the hand, the support of the white working and middle class that is the heart of the Republican coalition.
Bush and Rove think they can have both. They can’t. But if George Bush’s father 15 years ago, had only sealed and secured the border and begun to deport illegals, his son and Rove would not be facing the seemingly insoluble problem the GOP is presented with today.
Either Bush and Rove secure the border now, or we can kiss the GOP goodbye.
COPYRIGHT 2006CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
February 2006
Erasing America -The Politics of the Borderless Nation
by Lawrence Auster
54 pages • paperback • published by American Immigration Control, N.C. 2003
$2.00 each
Erasing America by Lawrence Auster boldly states that multiculturalism and mass immigration are erasing America. The remaining question is just how far the process has gone. From this observation, Auster proceeds to ask why the erasure is happening.
One answer, he proposes, is the flight from reality by American elites. Denying objective and transcendent truths, these elites maintain that truth is whatever they will it to be. With respect to immigration, they claim that America is a “propositional nation," a floating abstraction with no particular real-world content. Thus, to them, it doesn’t matter how much immigration changes the country.
Auster argues forcefully that the reality of a nation is not a vague set of ideas. Specifically, he maintains, America is an outgrowth of Western Civilization with a particular religious, cultural, linguistic and ethnic character. While all of these categories are flexible, we are now stretching them to the breaking point, which will be the loss of the nation.
Those who deny America’s character, says Auster, dream of utopias where all cultures are equal and total tolerance prevails. Living in a world of self-will, they are totally intolerant of any who disagree, an attitude which bodes ill for our historic freedoms. All affinity toward traditional America, in their minds, is hate, bigotry and racism.
Erasing America is most helpful in these times. It offers patriotic Americans the conceptual framework and moral confidence to defend their true heritage.
Pamphlets
Immigration and Nation, a Biblical View
by John Vinson
21 pages • paperback • published by AIC Foundation 1997 $1.00 for one copy; 500 each for 3 or more copies
Is it God’s will that America should be overwhelmed by massive immigration? Some religious professionals who claim to speak for God would have Americans think so. Because they endow their opinions with divine authority, quite a number of people under their leadership and influence are conflised on the issue of immigration.
For the historic Christian faith, however, the source of truth has not been the views of men, but the Bible. What does the Bible have to say on the topic of immigration and the related issue of nationhood?
John Vinson's Immigration and Nation, a Biblical View examines Old and New Testament teachings on these matters. The author concludes from numerous passages that the divine plan calls for the division of mankind into nations, each with its own unique character and distinctions. To the extent that immigration erases these distinctions, it is out of the will of God.
Far from being a humanitarian enterprise, the author concludes, massive immigration is a policy rooted in humanistic pride and the worship of mammon.
Common Sense on Mass Immigration
40 pages • paperback • published by the Social Contract Press 2004
Single copy, $1; Pkg. of 5, $3; Pkg. of 25, $12; Pkg. of 50, $20; Pkg. of 100, $36
Common Sense on Mass Immigration, published by The Social Contract Press, is an excellent tool for introducing fellow citizes to the magnitude of problems caused by excessive immigration. The vest-size 40-page booklet has 20 succinct essays by immigration reform advocates covering a wide range of topics related to immigration or impacted by it. They include national security, economy and jobs, language and assimilation, basic freedoms, and resources and sprawl.
Economism and the National Prospect
by John Attarian, Ph.D.
72 pages * paperback * published by AIC Foundation 2001 $3.00 for 1 copy; $1.50 each for 2 or more copies
Some people support mass immigration because they can only see the issue in terms of short-term profit and loss. They are classic examples of people who know the price of everything and the value of nothing. Author John Attarian calls them “economites” in his book Economism and the National Prospect.
Dr. Attarian argues that the economite mindset, if unchecked, will destroy America. In the spirit of Christ’s statement that “Man does not live by bread alone," Dr. Attarian maintains that a society which values money above religion, patriotism, culture, and esthetics will collapse. At that point, ironically, it also will lose the ability to make money.
Immigration control, he affirms, is essential to maintaining our country as a viable spiritual entity. He does not disparage the market economy, but urges a proper balance of material and nonmaterial values.
Amnesty for Illegal Aliens— Repeating the Rule of Law
4-page report from AIC Foundation 2001 • 3 copies for $1.00
In 1986, Congress granted “amnesty" to three million illegal aliens, thus allowing them the legal right to remain in the United States and eventually apply for citizenship. Supporters of the amnesty promised that it would be a one-time “humanitarian" gesture. The promise wasn’t kept. Since 1986, lawmakers have granted a succession of de facto amnesties to illegal aliens under one pretext or another. Pressure for more amnesties shows no sign of decreasing.
In Amnesty for Illegal Aliens—Repealing the Rule of Law, John Vinson traces the history of amnesty and examines this flawed concept in relation to illegal immigration. He finds that amnesty undermines America, as a nation under law, by rewarding law breaking. This report documents the failure of amnesty to stem illegal immigration and why the proposal to give “guest worker" status to illegal aliens is likely to terminate in amnesty.
ORDER FORM
Name__________
Street ______
City/State/Zip
Prices include postage and handling.
Qty.	Publication Title	Cost	Total
	State and Local Assistance -Smith	$3 ea./l copy; $2 ea./2-9 copies; $1 ea J10 or more copies	
	America Balkanized - Nelson	$4.00 ea.	
	The Improper Use of Public Funds - Fallon	$2.00 ea.	
	Affirmative Action for Immigrants - Robb	$3.00 ea.	
	Immigration: Wrong Answer for Social Security - Attarian	$3.00ea.	
	Immigration and the Public Health Crisis - Howard & Lutton	$1.00ea.	
	Importing Revolution - Hawkins	$3.00 ea.	
	Erasing America - Auster	$2.00 ea.	
	Immigration and Nation - A Biblical View - Vinson	$1 ea/3 or more copies, 500 ea.	
	Common Sense on Mass Immigration	1 copy/$l; 5 copies/$3; 25 copies/$12; 50 copies/$20; 100 copies/$36	
	Economism and the National Prospect - Attarian	$3 eaVlcopy; $ 1.50 ea. for 2 or more copies	
	Amnesty for Illegal Aliens - Vinson	3 copies for $1.00	
Make checks payable to: AIC FOUNDATION
Mail to:
P.O. BOX 525 MONTEREY, VA 24465
Sub-Total
VA residents add 4.5% sales tax Tax-deductible contribution to help AIC Foundation educate more Americans
TOTALENCLOSED
Who Defines ‘Family Friendly?’
Coming in 2006:
Group Marriage TV?
As another year turns, we're reminded that the more things change, the more they stay the same. As our popular culture pushes ever further into anything goes, we're reminded that anything-goes has certainly gone before.
Pick up St. Augustine's “Confessions,” and find him traveling to Carthage in the year 371, where "I found myself in a hissing cauldron of lust.” Looking back, he regretted how in his desperate search for love, “I muddied the stream of
The Family Friendly Programming Forum consists of several dozen major television advertisers that urge the entertainment industry to build “a commitment to and understanding of quality family entertainment.” It has just announcer! its “Family Television Awards.” To be sure, what the Forum has chosen to salute is far less offensive than so much of what is oozing out of our TV sets, but is it “family friendly”? You, dear reader, decide for yourself.
Their best drama series selection was ABC's “Lost,” a gripping and popular
show, but also incredibly violent. Scenes depicting torture and people


:s clear wa
Hell’s black river of lust.”
This was not the way Augustine saw it in the dissolute days before he found God, and it is certainly not the way our entertainment elite sees love and sex today. But it’s interesting how at that time, Augustine found his sorrows drowned at the theater, “because the plays reflected my unhappy plight and were tinder to my fire.” He was amazed how no one actually wanted to experience sadness and tragedy firsthand, but many were thrilled to watch it faked before them. They wanted the vicarious experience of risky emotional highs and tragic emotional lows without the actual, nonfictional pain. Curiosity could drag them anywhere, to spy on the ribald and disastrous ways “the other half lived.”
That urge still has echoes today. Led by the usual hallowed envelope-pushers of pay cable, Hollywood has marched ever more passionately in this decade into chronicling and celebrating a cavalcade of alternative lifestyles. The Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation coos over how on this season. Showtime's
lesbian drama, “The L Word, will have a full-time trans-gendered character. HBO sI Wild West drama “Deadwood,” previously well-known for its “lyrical” flood of profanities, will feature a new “gay and eccentric theater owner” character in the new year.
But HBO is really trampling new weeds by ushering in a new hot alternative lifestyle this spring — polygamy. Newsweek is already raving in their “Who’s Next” year-end issue about “Big Love ” starring Bill Paxton as a man with three wives in three &dioYnvn%bouses vj'vttv seven kids between them.
Reportct Mate Peyser explained: “The HcuricVsons are devoutly religious and wholesome (they are not Mormons but an unspecified offshoot). Most of the action focuses on how Bill, who owns home-improvement stores in Utah, handles the mundane aspects of his overpopulated life.” The vicarious appeal is watching this man trying to juggle his work life with keeping three “very desperate” housewives satisfied. “It’s everything that every family faces, just times three,” claimed co-creator Mark Olsen. “The yuck factor disappears, and you just see human faces. We found it to be a mother lode.” Newsweek oozed: “On top of that, it’s taboo.” For how long?
The secular sexual gospel in this series is quite obvious. Even “non-traditional” families of all kinds of exotic stripes can still qualify as down to earth, even “devoutly religious and wholesome.” One of the show’s creators, playwright Will Scheffer, is especially fond of envelope-pushing. One of his plays featured a bit “delivered by [cannibal/murderer] Jeffrey Dahmer and takes place in Dahmer’s kitchen in Heaven, in which he gives lessons on cooking and other topics.”
Hollywood’s power to affect the popular culture is awesome, and its dedication to tearing down traditions is frightening. We’ve seen it repeated time and again. Once upon a time, society saw pre-marital sex as wrong; after years of “Friend$”-style programming, today it is commonplace to see unmarried couples living together. It wasn’t long ago that American society saw the homosexual lifestyle as immoral — yes, a sin. Today, after years of Hollywood agitation, promoting gay characters and gay lifestyles, it is to be accepted, and anything short of that is intolerance. It seems like just yesterday that a teacher having sex with his/her underaged student was considered rape. No, there’s another word for this: pedophilia. Today? Having been sensitized with enough “Dawson’s Creek” episodes, we yawn when we hear about it on the news.
It is a thirst to shock that cannot be quenched. It’s an addiction. This element in Hollywood lives to destroy, and must continue destroying to stay alive, so the anti-Western cultural rampage continues. What’s next? Nonfictional “group marriage TV” will arrive on the Bravo channel in the spring, with a documentary called “Three of Hearts: A Postmodern Family,” featuring a New York triple with two gay men, a woman and two children.
Now, reading that last sentence — what was your reaction? Perhaps a bit surprised, maybe somewhat disgusted. But you weren’t shocked, were you?
I rest my case.
L. Brent Bozell 111 is the founder and president of the Parents Television Council. To find out more about Brent Bozell III, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE,INC.
February 2006
dangling on the shoulders of survivors, are a staple. Maybe for older teens this is acceptable. But for grade-school children? The Family Friendly Programming Forum says it is.
They awarded best comedy honors to CBS’s “King of Queens,” centered on a married couple living in New York. It's another popular show, and often very funny and innocent. But not always. And that's the problem: You never know what you’re going to get when you turn it on. One episode this season featured the wife taking stripper pole-dancing lessons to spice up their sex life. She was always fully clothed, of course, but there was that predictably racy dialogue that accompanied the storyline. Does this qualify as family programming in your book?
The best actor was Jim Belushi of ABCs “According to Jim,” and here we go again. Would you feel comfortable putting young children on the couch with a box of
^popcorn to watch the episode about Jim s low sperm count.
Hilarity ensues when Jim's brother-in-law puts in a “sample” of his own sperm instead for testing, and the wife convinces the two that she's been impregnated with her brother’s sperm.
ABC’s “George Lopez Show” was honored for the “funniest family.” One recent show revolved around George's mother getting breast implants. “Oh. my God. Mom! You look like you swallowed a bouncy house!” exclaims George. Later, the rest of the family is introduced to Grandma’s new cleavage. “Damn. Grandma! Your boohs are huge!” says one of the children. The show ends with Grandma getting the implants out. Is this your idea of a funny family? Is this the kind of storyline children should be watching?
In the Family Forum's defense, programming completely free of offensive content is as scarce as heat waves in Siberia. The Parents Television Council annually awards its Top Ten Best and Worst family shows on television. This year it could only recommend nine good ones. Maybe this advertiser group should rename itself the Occasionally Family Friendly Programming Forum?
What do these awards say about the mindset of the TV czars — the producers, the carriers and the underwriters — and their ability to define “family” TV? Six major corporations own virtually everything aired on broadcast television as well as two-thirds of the cable channels, but it’s clear these companies don't have a clue about what families want on television. Worse still, they don't want families deciding for themselves what is, and isn’t, appropriate family viewing. That corporate community, along with its myriad of lobbying firms and front groups, is zestily lobbying Washington to stop decency enforcement on the public airwaves as well as cable choice on cable networks. Parents are desperately trying to shield their young children from horrific violence, vulgar language and sperm counts. Nothing doing, says the industry. We control the vertical and horizontal. We know what's best for families.
Trust us, they said. We’ll give you a ratings system. But the useless TV ratings system enacted by Hollywood proves their unwillingness to address the problem. With only a handful of TV shows rated TV-MA for adult audiences, Hollywood is saying that everything else on the tube is, to one degree or another, appropriate for children.
TVust us, they said. You can just block out the shows you don’t like — if you can figure out how to do it. har-har. But you still have to pay us, through your monthly cable bills, for that very programming your family finds offensive and doesn't want to watch.
Triist us, the cable industry is now saying there's no need for cable choice.
We will design “family programming tiers” for families. We know better thun families what it is they want to watch on cable.
Can anyone take this newest ploy seriously? Apparently, yes. Sen. Ted Stevens, who heads the Commerce Committee and has been demanding a solution to the slime coming out of our television sets thinks this idea is dandy. So dandy, in fact, that when he endorsed it, he announced it indicates that nothing should be done on the broadcast airwave front, even though the “family tier” idea has no application to the broadcast airwaves!
This is no “compromise," us the industry claims. It is just another fraudulent public-relations ploy. And Stevens bit. Hard.
COPYRIGHT 2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
VIEWPOINT
Middle American News
Page 17
Media Scandals on the Left
Ever since George W. Bush was elected in 2000, the left-wing media have developed a taste to expose episodes of media corruption. No, not their corruption. Conservative media corruption.
The liberal media made loud grunts and noises over columnist Armstrong Williams, who didn’t tell readers of his column that he had a public-relations contract with the Department of Education to sell the “No Child Left Behind” legislation. If a columnist is working for a government program or entity, it’s always best to disclose to readers your involvement, so they can judge your point of view more fully.
The latest example arrived with columnist Doug Bandow’s inexcusable back-door acceptance of cash from Jack Abramoff for columns protnoting his clients’ interests. Williams and Bandow both could argue they were only promoting conservative causes they would support anyway. But the exposures of what they wouldn’t disclose had the opposite effect. It emits the odor of corruption. It made them look like they were primarily advancing conservative issues through columns because there was personal profit involved.
But where is that media-ethics crowd erupting with the same outrage when liberal journalists — even major liberal journalists — cut ethical comers and feather their own political nests? The major example of this is PBS omnipresence Bill Moyers. In 1999, Knight-Ridder reporter Frank Greve revealed then in his moonlighting job as the president of a liberal foundation (the Florence and John Schumann Foundation)
Moyers was funding left-wing activists for campaign finance “reform” — and then interviewing them on his show, giving them national exposure at taxpayer expense, with no disclosure.
In June of 1999, Moyers hosted a PBS show ironically called “Free Speech for Sale,” and he opened with the views of three “reformers” — Burt Neubome of the Brennan Center for Justice, Charles Lewis of the Center for Public Integrity, and Bob Hall of Democracy South. But, as Greve reported, Moyers “never revealed that their organizations have received a total of $2.6 million from the Schumann Foundation in the last five years.”
In 2003, Steve Hayes reported on the pattern again for The Weekly Standard, finding that the Moyers-led foundation had dealt $4.8 million dollars to 16 leftist groups that also received free PR on “Now with Bill Moyers” in the previous 16 months without any bothersome disclosure to PBS viewers. The list included Friends of the Barth, Public Citizen, the Sierra Club, and The N ation magazine. Does anyone remember the outrage over these cozy little corruptions?
The New York Times put the Doug Bandow story on the front page on Dec. 23, but back in 1993, they, too, were abusing PBS with a private agenda. PBS welcomed the end of the Reagan-Bush era with a documentary titled “James Reston: The Man Millions Read,” another forum for cliched liberal attacks on conservative politicians. The program lionized Reston, the veteran Times reporter and columnist, for his role as a Washington power broker, and featured only Reston and a few of his Times colleagues. Why? Because the show was produced and funded by The New York Times. At the time, public-broadcasting analyst Laurence Jarvik noted that PBS violated its own underwriting guidelines, which forbid underwriters “having a direct and immediate interest in the content of a program.”
There are other little cozy arrangements that no one seems to notice. When Time magazine named Bill and Melinda Gates (and rock star Bono) as their Persons of the Year, deep in the story, Time admitted the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation “was a major sponsor of the Time Global Health Summit, held in New York City in November.” A Time press release before the summit claimed the Gates group was “ the ” major supporter, not merely “a” major supporter.
Gates not only funded the conference but also was hailed as a global philanthropic hero on the summit’s “keynote panel.” Time managing editor James Kelly paired him with another liberal hero, Bill Clinton, who didn’t stop oozing over how ridiculously “modest” Bill Gates was and how “thrilled” he was over how “well-organized” the Gates Foundation was, and how Gates and his wife were “going all over Hell’s half-acre” to help the poor.
Doesn’t that fawning event and the Time “Person of the Year” honors look like a big thank-you card to the Gates Foundation for their financial support? Nobody who fulminates against Doug Bandow or Armstrong Williams has been heard from on Time magazine’s back-scratching payoffs.
I’m sure Time magazine would argue that they organized a Global Health Summit because it fit with their humanitarian beliefs. But if Williams and Bandow are to be condemned because the perception of their financial intake corrupted an ideological cause, the same can, and should, be said of Time magazine and all other liberal entities participating in similar questionable pay-for-play monetary relationships.
COPYRIGHT2006 CREATORS SYNDICATE,INC.
Sickest TV Moments of2005
It is a rite of passage for some TV critics to take stock of the worst of the past year’s television. Entertainment Weekly Online, no nest of prudes and scolds, has compiled its own list of the “10 moments that made us squirm the most.”
Some of them were the kind that might be missed by most on pay cable. On HBO’s miniseries “Rome,” a woman convinced her lesbian lover to seduce her own brother as part of a plot to destroy Caesar. On HBO Signature’s serial-killer drama “Epitafios,” the show’s star killer opened his victim’s mouth with hooks and fishing wire, then tossed in an asphyxiating throatful of coins. And on HBO’s “The Comeback,” a washed-up actress punched her sitcom writer so hard he vomited, which caused her to vomit, don’t you know.
It never ceases to amaze: People pay good money for this smelly garbage.
In some cases,people aren’t buying. Paris Hilton’s sex-kitten commercials for the Carl’s Jr. chain’s Spicy Barbecue Burger still rankled the critics with their ridiculously erotic hard sell. Who was convinced that anorexic Paris was really excited to eat a burger as large as her head? And in the middle of washing a car? Why would a pampered heiress do that? The shameless CEO admitted it was “all about sales.” After fortunes were spent on paid advertising, and millions more in free news publicity, the gimmick failed. Sales were unmoved. All the chain bought was public disdain.
They weren’t the only failures. Britney Spears and her new husband Kevin Federline made home videos for the UPN series “Chaotic,” grossing out the critics with staged makeout scenes with Britney tugging at her shirt to show cleavage. It ranked 197th last year. It bombed.
Much worse was Bravo’s reality series “Being Bobby Brown,” following around has-been pop star Brown and his wife, Whitney Houston. The second episode included Brown recalling an incident in which his wife was constipated and he had to put his hand up her behind to remove feces for her relief. Houston proclaimed, ‘ ’That’s black love!” Whitney Houston used to be the class of pop music, and now she and her husband are just the clowns. The Bobby show had half the viewers of the Britney show — but little Bravo was encouraged. They just aired “A Bobby Brown Christmas.”
Some gross episodes trashed by Entertainment Weekly were just exploiting the weak stomachs of viewers. David Letterman. suffered a gash on his hand that required 40 stitches, but when the stitches started to rip halfway through his program, a surgeon was called in to fix the flesh-ripping mess, and CBS showed the carnage in “extreme close-up,” then carried a reenactment of the hand accident with nearby deli owner Rupert Lee squirting fake blood all over his deli.
At least Letterman’s show is on late. On UPN’s prime-time reality show “America’s Next Top Model,” one contestant urinated in a diaper to score extra camera Hmp- with the naughty-boy cast of MTV’s “Wildboyz,” who were visiting their Viacom colleagues.
Some shows made the list because of the timing. “CSI” is a gross-out show most weeks, but on Thanksgiving night, they just had to air a plot where a man gorged himself to death, a scene watched by millions of Americans who had just over-eaten. Watching the technicians sort the unsavory contents of the dead man’s digestive tract, making jokes about the “buffet” and commenting on the putrid smell of the partially digested hot dogs was too much for the turkey-burping critics.
In a disgusting category all its own, there was the relentlessly putrid FX series “Nip/Tuck.” Entertainment Weekly listed several oddball scenes during the season, including “The semen cream that Joan Rivers smeared on her mug. The two faces glued to a man’s buttocks. (Seriously.)” Earning special dishonors was the season finale, which they noted included shots of “a severed finger, [a] maimed face, bloody breast implants in a box, and a pre-op transsexual’s penis being mutilated with a box cutter.” That can’t begin to describe the twisted plot twists, complete with rapes, tortures, dismemberment, and murder.
But that doesn’t mean the sponsor felt guilty about the show. Several times during the season finale of this, the most irresponsibly offensive show on television, FX announced: “The FX season finale of ‘Nip/Tuck’ is brought to you by Smirnoff vodka. Clearly Smirnoff. Please drink responsibly.”
As we begin 2006, it’s a slam-dunk to predict that television will only get more gross and more outrageous. It will get even harder for Hollywood to tell Congress that families shouldn’t have a chance at choosing their own less disgusting cable options. That episode of “The Comeback” is a nice metaphor for Hollywood. They’re vomiting out gross television, and we’re strongly inclined to vomit in return.
L. Brent Bozell III is the founder and president of the Parents Television Council.
To find out more about Brent Bozell III, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2006 CREATORS SYNDICATE,INC.
Brent Bozell
, February2006
U.S. Education in Decline
Cow 1 Is Not Cow 2
The top education bureaucrat in Florida wants to pass students who can’t meet the academic requirements. He says this is not social promotion. He’s full of what one finds in a stable — and I don’t mean horsehair.
The fear of flunking and being held back a year was a great motivator in my short academic career, especially in the early grades. Nothing struck more fear in us recruits in Army basic training than the threat of being recycled — forced to start basic all over again in a new company.
Why do education bureaucrats believe that you can strip teachers of every tool to motivate their students and expect the teachers to educate the little savages anyway? The answer, of course, is civic cowardice. Civic cowardice, especiallY on the part of education bureaucrats, is a
A new year is a good time to review one of the principles of general semantics. Not only are all things unique, but all things are in a constant process of change.
Alfred Korzybski, who is the father of general semantics, devised a learning tactic to help students remember it. It simply states that cow-1 is not cow-2.
Similarly, the United States-2006 is not the same as the United States-1945. Of course, when we actively think about it, we say, “Sure, that’s obvious.” For some reason, though, the human mind tends to
pandemic in America today.
I spent several hours one afternoon with a middle-school teacher as she poured out her frustration with the system. In her school, the rule said that if a student flunked one nine-week period and made a D the next, the D and F had to be “averaged” to a D for the semester. Now here’s the kicker. If the student flunked both of the next nine-week periods and got an F for the semester, that F and his earlier D had to be “averaged” to D so he would pass for the year.
How long do you think it takes kids to figure out that they only have to make ■ one D and then can ride free for the rest of the year? Not long, and the teacher said that as soon as the kids figured it out, then any hope of motivating them was gone.
The tragedy and sin of social promotion is that it is aimed at those students who most need motivation and an education. Thus, the poorest kids from the most dysfunctional families are cheated out of an education just so the bureaucrats won’t have to put up with any complaints.
My first-grade teacher in a little Georgia school laid out the basic
premises of education when she said, “I teach, but you have to learn.” Education is a two-part process. No matter how skilled the teacher, all the learning has to be done by the students. And learning is hard work. It involves memorization and drills and practice. There is no easy way to learn an academic subject. To argue that students shouldn’t have to work hard in the classroom is as stupid as telling a kid he can become a basketball star without practicing on the court.
The other damning aspect of social promotion is that it ignores the fact that education is cumulative and must be done in the proper sequence. A student who doesn’t leam to read and to do basic arithmetic in the early grades will be frustrated for the rest of his time in school. How can you team history it you can’t read your textbook? You can’t leam algebra if you don’t know how to add, muitvpYy,subtract and divide. You WVW never team a second language without the ability to memorize. You will never leam English grammar without learning the parts of speech and diagraming sentences.
Education is a deadly serious business. I remember attending a parent-teacher association meeting at which a Pakistani gentleman complained bitterly that this expensive, well-furnished American school was far behind the shabby school in Pakistan his children had attended. His kids were already two grades ahead of American kids the same age. His plea for a tougher curriculum went unheeded, of course.
Unless Americans wish to become the servants one day of Indians, Chinese, Arabs, Pakistanis, Koreans, Japanese and Russians, we’d better fix this broken, bureaucrat-ridden public-education system or scrap it altogether. God knows, the ignorance of many college graduates is appalling.
No nation can survive an ignorant, lazy population. We’ve been living off the seed com of earlier generations, but the bin is about empty. The evidence of that is the across-the-board decline in the quality of all of our institutions.
(Write to Charley Reese at P.O. Box 2446, Orlando, FL 32802) (c) 2006 by King Features Syndicate
		
Where to Write		
Business addresses for columnists appearing in Middle American News:		
Phyllis Schlafly	Patrick J. Buchanan, L. Brent Bozell	
Copley News Service	Paul Craig Roberts	
P.O. Box 120190	Creators Syndicate	
San Diego, California	5777 W. Century Blvd.	
92112-0190	Suite 700	
Ann Coulter	Los Angeles, California 90045	
Universal Press Syndicate 4520 Main Street Kansas City, Missouri 64111		
		
forget that and to blur the identity of something by mixing it all up with memories.
When I think of the United States, images from my childhood come to mind — the great generation coming home triumphant from the good war; the industrial might of the United States; peaceful, prosperous cities; and a benevolent government that left most people alone.
The United States-2006, however, is no longer a great industrial power. The industrial base has been seriously eroded. Government has expanded to gargantuan
proportions and can no longer be called benevolent. One survey a few years back showed that a full one-
third of the American people fear the government. It has become intrusive and secretive.
Franklin Roosevelt managed a truly global war,
with 12 million Americans under arms, using a White House staff of about 15 people. There are now thousands on the White House staff, and they can’t even manage a very small war in a little country. Running over poorly trained troops in obsolete equipment is a long way from standing toe to toe with the Wehrmacht or the Japanese Imperial Army.
Our population has nearly doubled, and our culture is much more corrupted. Eg as an elementary-school kid, could roam my town and even out in the country and woods alone without fear. By the time I had children, I wouldn’t even leave them alone at a school bus stop. I waited until they were safely on the bus. Where did all of these child molesters come from? I'm sure there were some in the past — probably always have been — but when you look at the thousands of registered sex offenders, it makes you wonder.
Of course, in those days, you had to rely on National Geographic magazine if you wanted to see a picture of a woman’s breast — or you could just look at the mothers who nursed their babies in public. The public media — the movies, radio, magazines and advertising — were not saturated with sexual images. It could be that the current saturation of sexual images and violence in the media is a factor in producing so
many sex offenders.
We have certainly become a more vulgar, profane and violent country, and I think the reason is plain: Bad behavior is tolerated because government has intimidated good people. If you whack some lout over the head today, you’ll almost surely be arrested, prosecuted and packed off to prison. A government that cannot control crime for some reason often gets hysterical when good people defend themselves. That is less true in the South than in the North, but the attitude of 100 percent dependence on the government is reinforced constantly on television. The message is that regardless of the circumstances, it is bad, bad, bad to “take the law into your own hands.” To which I reply, horse apples. In a sane society, it would be the criminals who lived in fear, not the good people.
The point, however, is not to bemoan or try to resist change. Change is inevitable and unstoppable. The point of general semantics is to remember to always base our actions on the present reality and no on illusions made of memory. If you’re over 30 years old, then the country you grew up in is gone forever. Life is a process, and just as wt change, our environment changes.
I freely admit that if I could, I would choose to live in the past, but we can’t. The only world we’ve ever had, have now and ever will have is the present moment. Whatever living we are going to do we must do right now. There’s a phrase I’ve heard preachers quote: “Now is the time, and time is now.” That’s quite true. Past and future exist only in the memory and imagination, never in reality, and the world you wake up in is never the same as the world you went to sleep in.
(c) 2006 by King Features Syndicate
February 2006
Late on Dec. 16, the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation billed as the border protection, anti-terrorism and illegal immigration control act, requiring employers to verify the legal status of each employee.
No strong-arm tactics were needed to produce the stunning 239-182 margin of victory - including the votes of 36 Democrats - and pass the measure sponsored by Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., because members had heard from the grass roots.
More than 130 amendments to HJR. 4437 had been submitted to the Rules

148 vote, including 57 Democrats, to repeal favorite immigration provision of Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., the Diversity Visa Lottery, which admits 50,000 foreigners every year, mostly from Third World and even terror-supporting countries.
Then, the House passed by voice vote an amendment by Rep. Jim Ryun, R-Kan., which codifies the Oath of Renunciation and Allegiance as federal law so that it cannot be changed without an act of Congress. The oath requires naturalized citizens to swear to “absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince, potentate, state, or sovereignty of whom or which I have
v_ommiuee oy me aeaanne roramendments ai / p.m. uec. u. Members of Congress are finally recognizing that immigration will be the hot-button issue of the next election, and they want to distance themselves from President George W. Bush’s unpopular guest-worker-amnesty proposal.
The open-borders advocates realized the House will not acquiesce in Bush’s imperious demand that guest-worker amnesty be part of any immigration bill. So their fallback was to insert sense-of-Congress language in the Sensenbrenner bill that would have no legal effect but would signal the House’s willingness to deal with guest-worker amnesty if the Senate passes it.
Earlv on Dec. 14. word floated through the cloakroom that
this language, offered by Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., was likely to be added to the manager’s amendment: “It is the sense of Congress that a necessary part of securing the international land and maritime border of the United States entails the creation of a
secure legal cnannei oy wmcn me lureigu wuik.cis uccueu iu K.cep uie uimcu oiaiess economy growing may enter and leave the country.”
At 4:30 pm. on Dec. 13, the 90-member House Immigration Reform Caucus agreed to defeat the rule for HR. 4437 if language supporting guest-worker programs were added to the bill. Defeating the rale would effectively kill the bill.
On the afternoon of Dec. 15, the House manifested its new awareness of the public’s demand for border control by passing the Hunter amendment by a vote of 260-159, which included yes votes from 49 Democrats.This so-called “fence amendment” mandates the construction of specific security fencing, including lights and cameras, ^long the U.S.-Mexjco bordei:Xor„the purpose of paining operational control of the border.
The bill orders 700 miles of fencing in sectors that have the highest number of
immigrant deathsT drug smuggling and illegalhorder crossings. The bill also orders the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a study of the use of physical barriers along our border with Canada.
The momentum continued on Dec. 16. The House passed an amendment sponsored by Reps. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., and Stephanie Herseth, D-S.D., by a 273-
House Gets Immigration Message; But Is Senate Listening?
heretofore been a subject or citizen.
Then, the House passed an amendment by Rep. Charles Norwood, R-Ga. - by a 237-180 vote, including 30 Democrats - which reaffirms the inherent authority of state and local law authorities to assist in the enforcement of immigration law, to provide training on this issue to the local agencies, and to increase law enforcement’s access to vital information about illegal criminal aliens.
Then, by a 420-0 vote, the House passed an amendment by Rep. Cliff Stearns, R-Fla., to prohibit the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Attorney General, and all courts from granting any kind of legal immigration status (i.e., “benefits”) to an alien until the relevant
databases of criminal records and terrorist watch lists have been checked.
Then, the House passed by voice vote an amendment by Ed Royce, R-Calif., stating that no immigration benefit may be granted until an FBI fingerprint check has been submitted and
the results show that the alien does not have a criminal or immigration history that would render him or her ineligible for benefits provided by the U .S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
The Steams and Royce amendments are important because, according to whistleblowers inside the U.S, Department of Homeland Security, a significant number of those applying for legal status do not go through complete background checks. When certain checks aren’t completed within 90 days, current law allows the application to continue on to the next step anyway.
A Bush administration-supported amendment to reduce the maximum sentence for illegal entry,and illegal presence, to.six months way§ defeated in the House by a vote of 257-164. Current penalties remain in place.
The Senate will begin its debate on border security in early 2006 and is predicted to be favorable to the guest-worker-amnesty plans proposed by the president. Sens. Kennedy, John McCain, R-Ariz. and John Comyn, R-Texas, and others. The Senate and House bills will then go to a conference committee to work out differences.
Senators who are up for re-election in 2006 had better listen to the House votes.
I
I
I
I
Middle American News Distribution Center P.0. Box 20608 R*Mgh,NC 27619
JSSSSNE^JB
(Please use this address for all bulk orders. Thank you!)
□ YES, 1 want axtra copies of the February 2006 Issue of Middle American Newe in the quantities I’ve checked.
Name _________,	_________
Address
Clty/State/ZIp	_____________________________
(STREET ADDRESS REQUIRED for orders of 25 or more; sorry, we cannot ship larger orders to P.O. boxes.)
Telephone _________________________
(in case we have questions about your order)
D 10 copies for $9.00 01 25 copies for $17.00 CD 50 copies for $25.00 QlOO copies for $38.00
Enclosed Is a check In the
amount of $_____________
for the quantity Indicated.
Shipping Included.
Feminist Attack on Male Sports: Why Johnny Isnyt Going to College
This year’s spectacular Rose Bowl game attracted a phenomenal 35.6 million viewers because it featured what we want: rugged men playing football and attractive women cheering them on. Americans of every class, men and women, remained glued to their television sets and nearly 95,000 spectators watched from the stands.
The runaway success of this game proved again that stereotypical roles for men and women do not bother Americans one bit. Political correctness lost out as all-male teams battled and women cheered.
It’s too bad that male sports are being eliminated on most college campuses. Except for Texas, USC, and a few other places, radical feminism rules in the
athletic departments at the expense of popular male sports.
Feminists oppose anything that is all-male or all-female unless it’s gay marriage. They won’t be able to ban the Rose Bowl anytime soon, but the Feminist Majority Foundation posts this warning on its Web site: “By encouraging boys to become aggressive, violent athletes, and by encouraging girls.to cheer for them, we perpetuate the cycle of male aggression and violence against women.”
Meanwhile, feminists are censoring out hundreds of traditional manly college sports teams. If your favorite college once had a wrestling, baseball or track team, check again: there’s a good chance
if hac hppn pliminqfAn
Several years ago, Howard University Athletic Director Sondra Norrell-Thomas announced the elimination of both its wrestling and baseball teams on the same day. It should surprise no one that Howard University’s male enrollment has dropped to onlv 34 percent compared to 66 percent female.
On June 2,1997, the feminist National Women’s Law Center announced that it would file a complaint against Boston University, the fourth largest private school in the nation, over its sports programs. Within months, BU ended the football team that had been in existence for 91 years.
It is no surprise that male enrollment at Boston University is now down to 40 percent. One transfer student expressed his dismay in the student newspaper upon learning that his new school has 16,000 undergraduates but no football team.
In the entire state of Washington, there is no longer a single major college wrestling team, despite wrestling’s huge popularity in high schools. Wrestling is one of the least expensive sports, requiring almost no equipment and having a low risk of injury, but feminists are working to eliminate all masculine sports.
The few colleges that have held firm against feminist pressure continue to attract males. Penn State, for example, has kept its superb programs in football.
wrestling, baseball and track, and enjoys a 55 percent to 45 percent male-to-female enrollment.
Mean-spirited feminists recently demanded the resignation of 79-year-old football coaching great Joe Patemo because he spoke in sympathy of an opposing team’s player accused of sexual assault. There was nothing offensive in Patemo’s comments and 89 percent in an online AOL poll sided with him, but just a few feminists with a fax machine will smear anyone in their war against football.
The lack of college sports teams and camaraderie makes many high school boys wonder, “Why bother going to college?” Despite the bloated price of college tuition, college doesn’t even offer the sports
IrMAAA MVM MIWi U1VJ V1IJV J VU AAA VAIVAA |/WAVA	UVA1VViO *
The Rose Bowl proved that public demand is for all-male sports, not female contests. Boys do not want to go to a college that eliminates the macho sports, and that is true even if the boy does not expect to compete himself.
The effects of the feminists’ attack on men’s sports are now coming home to roost. By the time this year’s college freshmen are seniors, the ratio will be 60 percent women to 40 percent men, and women are now crying that there are not enough college-educated men to marry.
China’s brutal one-child policy has artificially created millions of young men for whom no wives are available. Right here at home, the feminists have created millions of college-educated women for whom no college-educated men are available, and the trend is getting steadily worse.
Part of the change in the ratio of male to female college students is due to the ruthless interpretation of Title IX by the radical feminist bureaucrats in the administrations of former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. Unfortunately, President George W. Bush and Secretary of Education Rod Paige chickened out when they were presented with an opportunity to remedy the mischief.
Congress should step into the gap and stop funding colleges that terminate men’s sports to meet arbitrary feminist quotas. Congress should imitate its action in passing the Solomon Amendment that tells colleges they will lose federal funding if they discriminate against military recruiters.
Congress should tell colleges they will lose federal funding if they discriminate against men’s sports. The American people clearly want male football, baseball, track and wrestling, and colleges that cut these sports should be cut out of the federal budget.
Phyllis Schlafly is a lawyer, conservative political analyst and the author of “The Supremacists." She can be contacted by e-mail at phyllis@eagleforum.org.
© 2006 Copley News Service
February 2006
VIEWPOINT
Middle American News
They’
re Back!
Mourn the Victims,
Not Their Killers
Black leaders discredit themselves by playing the race card every time they try to save a crook or a killer who happens to be black. The brie-and-white-wine crowd of limousine liberals never misses an opportunity to look foolish.
Tookie Williams murdered four people, and now, far too late after those foul deeds, he has paid for them. When a black man on death row with the Hollywood left solidly behind him can’t win an appeal from the extremely liberal California courts, you can rest assured he’s guilty as sin.
1 have always ravorea tne aeatn penalty, first ana roremost, we are all going to die. It’s only a question of when, not if, and under what circumstances. The death penalty answers both questions for the condemned. Secondly, the recidivism rate for executed murderers is zero. Killers given life sentences always have the opportunity to kill again. They might kill in prison. They might escape. The laws might be changed, and they will be pardoned or paroled. Putting them in the ground is the only way to be certain they won’t cause further tragedies for innocent people.
Finally, it costs a fortune to keep a man in prison for life. You could give a Stanford education to four or more poor kids for the amount of money you will spend to feed, house and provide medical care for
a human monster. 1 believe m death sentences ior an aangerous people and short sentences for nonviolent criminals.
Suppose a convicted murderer reforms while on death row during the way-too-long appeals process. So what? A truly
reformed person would feel genuine remorse for his crimes and understand that he must pay the penalty for them. It is, however, unlikely in the extreme that genuine reform ever takes place. Many killers are psychopaths, and that’s a defect that can’t be cured. There is a great deal of truth in the old prison-guard saying that everybody in this prison is innocent. It’s possible to be wrongly convicted, but it’s rare.
Furthermore, a reformed killer cannot make restitution. He cannot resurrect his victims. He can only pay for their deaths with his death. By the way, in contrast to his carefully constructed public image, guards described Williams to a reporter as “the meanest man on death row.”
.The only racism involved in Tookie Williams’case washisown. He, according to his associates, took great pleasure in murdering a young white man and an Asian family. As a co-founder of the Crips, he is morally responsible for a lot of deaths. As for his books urging kids not to join gangs, they hardly sold any copies at all. They certainly had no influence on his namesake son, who has led a less than exemplary life.
The claim that only a black jury can justly decide a case involving a black defendant is itself a racist position. What is at issue in a criminal case is the action, not the race or IQ of either the defendant or the victims. Williams was convicted of murdering four helpless individuals. If he had been white, he still would have been convicted.
That, by the way, is why hate-crime legislation is so stupid. If someone blows your head off with a shotgun, what difference does it make to you why he did it? It is the act that we traditionally have punished, not the motive of the killer. Hate-crime legislation is an Orwellian and totalitarian concept, a scheme to lay the groundwork for “hate speech and hate thought” legislation — which, by the way, already exists in Europe. In many European countries, merely disagreeing over some detail of the official version of the Holocaust is grounds for arrest and imprisonment under the guise that such disagreement constitutes “hate speech.” Well, so much for free speech in Europe.
I don’t know who, if anyone, will mourn Williams, but the only people involved in this who deserve mourning are the innocent people whose lives he terminated. As for Williams, good riddance.
(c) 2005 by King Features Syndicate
Latin America is beginning to turn left, and you can’t blame it. So-called globalization is nothing more than financial colonialism. Big capital comes in, exploits the people’s labor, loots the country of its resources and leaves nothing behind except the bribes it paid the country’s leaders to sell out their own people.
That’s really what globalization is — all of the heifer dust spread about it by lickspittle journalists and professors notwithstanding. The same process is going on in the United States. The robber barons are back, and their morals haven’t changed, only their tactics.
The corruption in Washington being exposed by lobbyist Jack Abramoff’s guilty plea is just the tip of the dirty sheet. Don’t expect the blanket to be
puueu completely on me oeu. u mere is one imng me pomicians m Washington know how to do, it is cover their own behinds.
The solution to corruption is always easy but never adopted. Members of Congress should be forbidden to accept any gifts, period. They should be forbidden to take any junkets, period. They should be forbidden to accept any fees for speaking. They should be forbidden to allow anyone to pay their travel expenses. They should be required to make detailed reports of all of their investments, right down to the nickel. It’s amazing how many people who never in their lives showed any business acumen go to Congress and become millionaires because of “lucky” investments.
jLii aiiuii, u a mail ui wuuiaii wlauv^a iu uw a lv/pvavuuiuw
or a senator, let that person live entirely on the inflated salary congressional members voted themselves. Campaign contributions, bank loans, investment opportunities and
luxurious vacations or junkets, though legal, have become the modem lorm ot briber] It’s much safer than the old cash-in-a-paper-sack method.
Some years ago, a friend who worked in a bank tipped me off about such a scheme. A politician holding a statewide office had gotten a $25,000 loan, but only because a wealthy crook doing time in a federal prison co-signed the note. Of course the crook in prison paid off the note. Thus, $25,000 went from one crook to another crook via a bank loan that, but for my friend risking his job to give me a photocopy o: the note, would never have been known by the public. And it was legal. What the politician did to “earn” his $25,000,1 was never able to find out.
Corruption will only get worse unless the American people get angry AnnlifiHar 'who sells his vote for personal gain is really selling your vote and abusing your trust He is no different than the thug who kicks down your door and robs you of cash. Foi example, why did Congress vote to forbid Medicare and Medicaid from bargaining with drug companies for lower prices? Every other country in the world does so. That’s why drugs are cheaper in Canada than in the U.S. The answer is bribery, of course, carefully disguised in a legal form, but bribery nevertheless. Whenever big money changes hands in Washington, there is always a quid pro quo, though it is hard to prove it.
There are some honorable people in Washington, but I suspect they would all fit into a relatively small room. Whenever you find an honest and honorable man or woman in a public office, you should cherish that person and give him or her your fierce support.
At the same time, you should adopt an equally fierce, no-quarter-given attitude toward any public official who abuses the public trust. Honesty and honor are more important than party or ideology.
The modem robber barons, with their phony free-trade agreements and their offshoring of jobs to sweatshop countries, are trying to reduce us to the status of most Latin American countries, where a tiny few control all the wealth. Already the gap between the rich and the poor in the U.S. is higher than it has been since 1929.
The American people have the power to stop this, and if they don t use it, they will have only themselves to blame for their misery.
(c) 2006 by King Features Syndicate
February 2006
\
America Extinguished
Mass Immigration and the Disintegration of American Culture
A blockbuster collection by the late Sam Francis
JAM-PACKEV WITH POLITICAL INSIGHTS YOU CAN'T FIND ANYWHERE ELSE.
Here's what yeall find Inside:
The real purpose of diversity (it's uet about fairness), page 34
Mexico’s plans to influence U.S. policy through immigrants, page 49
The Republican plan te discriminate against white candidates, page 82
Hew unions betrayed U.S. workers
to tiels immigrants, gage 121
Why corporations want the U.S. to impon poverty, page 166
and much, much more!
Paperback, 215 pages Published in 2002 for $6.95 each, now only $5.00!
rush your order todayi
Please send me______copy(ies) of America Extinguished by
Sam Francis. Shipping is Free!
1 copy - $5.00; 2-19 copies - $4.00 each; 20 copies - $2.50 each
I I My check or money order for $_________________is	enclosed.
□ Charge my Visa or Mastercard number:
Exp. Date:	Signature________________________
Cardholder’s Telephone #____________________________
Please make checks payable to MANews. Please allow up to 3 weeks for delivery.

Book Department
P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619
Name
Address. City
VIEWPOINT
Middle American Mews
Page 23
Abramojf Scandal Symbolizes Washington’s Corruption
By Patrick J. Buchanan
Every great cause, said longshoreman-philosopher Eric Hoffer, begins as a movement, degenerates into a business and ends up as a racket. So it went with the labor and civil-rights movements. And so it goes with the conservative movement and the Republican “revolution,” for which Jack Abramoff is mirror and metaphor.
As an assistant to President Reagan, I met Abramoff when he was a fresh, brash, smart, energetic man anxious to aid the anti-Communist causes in Afghanistan, Angola and Nicaragua. But the Jack Abramoff who walked out of federal court after pleading guilty to felonies that can put him away for a decade looked like a Mafia don with ■ nothing more on his mind than letting out the contracts on those who had sent him there.
While Abramoff is being painted as the embodiment of evil, he is only an exaggerated example of what Washington has become, a souk where the U.S. government is bought and sold at auction.
Bribery is hard to prove, so the body count of legislators who fall beneath a prosecutor’s sword may be few. But careers will be cut short and reputations ravaged, most of them deservedly so.
For unlike the NSA eavesdropping charges against President Bush, congressmen who turned tricks for favors received cannot say they acted to protect the national security. Unlike the “Scooter” Libby affair, this is a scandal Middle America can understand and one that will cause even tired blood to boil.
Jeffrey Smith of The Washington Post reported that a “public advocacy group,” the U.S. Family Network, with ties to Tom DeLay, took in $1 million from a now-defunct London law firm whose partners have had a memory loss as to who gave them the check.
One of the operators of U.S. Family Network, an ex-chief of staff to DeLay, reportedly says the signers of the check were a pair of Russian oil executives with ties to Abramoff. After the check landed, DeLay led the charge to reimburse the INF for a bailout of Russia, an unfamiliar front for a right-wing Texas Republican to be fighting on.
DeLay denies a connection. Fine. But the agenda of the Family Network was to advance “moral fitness.” Yet, it received a check for $500,000 from the owners of textile companies operating in the Marianas and $250,000 from Choctaw Indians in Mississippi, two big Abramoff clients. And DeLay turned up in the vanguard of the fight to defend the right of the textile boys not to raise the peon wages of their workers and in the battle to prevent U.S. taxation of the gambling income of the Choctaws.
DeLay denies any link between the fat contributions and his official actions. But such stories are going to be pouring out of the prosecutor’s offices, and the stench in this city will be detectable by even insensitive nostrils far, far away from Washington, D.C.
For what the Abramoff story is all about is the pandemic and endemic corruption of an imperial capital that spends one in every five dollars of an economy of $12.5 trillion and holds the power to reward, punish, tax and destroy. Honey attracts flies.
To influence the 535 members who decide where the trillions are spent and how the power is used, 35,000 lobbyists prowl the halls of the Senate and House office buildings and Capitol. Former Cabinet and sub-Cabinet officers, congressional representatives, senators. White House aides and congressional staffers endlessly work ex-colleagues to influence decisions on behalf of clients. No company is too corrupt, and no regime has so unsavory a reputation on human rights, that it cannot find, for a fat-enough fee, a famous friend at court.
What Abramoff dispensed — skybox tickets to Redskin games, trips to St. Andrew’s for golf, junkets, steak dinners at Signature’s and the directed contribution of tens of millions in campaign cash to friends who did his bidding — will be revealed. This nervous town knows it. Already, from the White House to the Capitol, a bipartisan stampede is underway to return, with appropriate indignation, any contribution that can be traced back to Jack and his Indians.
Democrats call it a Republican scandal redolent of a “culture of corruption.” Republicans note how many good liberal Democrats also got perks, gifts and campaign contributions.
Prosecutors will investigate and leak. Journalists will expose and editorialize. Pundits will pontificate. Politicians, survival at stake, will rat one another out. This is a case where self-interest and an instinct to survive will work to cleanse and cauterize the infection before another is discovered, as it surely will be, for the virus of corruption is ineradicable from the capitals of decadent and declining empires.
Abramoff is a curable symptom. Abramoff is not the disease from which the republic is dying.
COPYRIGHT 2006 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Harvest of Lies
0 '
For the first time, here is the true story of how a truly bizarre bureaucratic boondoggle unfolded, in which accusations of racial discrimination were used to pry upwards of a billion dollars from the federal Treasury.
Still reeling from impeachment and facing the 2000 election, President Bill Clinton needed to keep his voting constituency happy. When black “farmers” began protesting in front of the White House, accusing his administration of racial discrimination in the farm loan program, Clinton needed to act. The decision was made to pay them off. With the stroke of a pen, thousands of the USDA’s conscientious public servants were deemed guilty of racial discrimination. Get all the details in this powerful expose, Harvest of Um- by Louis March. Paperback, 154 pages.
$10.00 postpaid from Representative Government Press p-0. Box 18104, Raleigh, North Carolina 27619
Breach of Faith
Churches and Immigration
The leaders of America’s churches of nearly all faiths and denominations have been tireless promoters of open borders and mass immigration. Why? Dr. James C. Russell answers that question in this ground-breaking study, Breach of Faith: American Churches and the Immigration Crisis. Russell examines the historical role of American churches in immigration policy, and traces the role of church leaders in promoting left-wing activism in behalf of mass immigration.
$12.00 postpaid, 140 pages, paperback
Representative Government Press P.O. Box 18104 Raleigh, North Carolina 27619