w y < r
8slfc
* %
April 2007
A

XT	T7l	TT	i m HH ■§■■■		H
ilL	iu	>1	n r / —i		

Published Monthly by Middle American Institute, Inc., P. 0. Box 20608, Raleigh, North
Carolina 27619




0 N
0	Q
Cl 0 N Cl 9* h \ cn H n cn J 0) 0 I H V. Q \l Q m * A a
01	a uio
*	3 h Cl « L CO
o *h y
b a>30 3 xo:2 c iii a z
!	£ho
*	ffltth n cnH a
« NJEZ
*	CM H
« CM3QI « frCQfl « (MLQ<r «	0 CL CM 3
Catastrophe Page4

Should U.S. Admit Iraqi Immigrants?
Page 5
• r#

P°t Buchanan:
Free Undo Fakers Exposed
PO0« 13
Phyllis Schlatly: Prosecute Smugglers, Not Border Patrol _______________
Page 19

■■■■



71172663611
Page 2
Middle American News

World
Watch
Disarming the Victims
Now that Britain has completely banned ownership of handguns, crimes committed by thugs bearing handguns should be a thing of the past, right? Wrong. In fact, gun crime is on the rise. With law-abiding Brits disarmed, guns were used by criminals in 4,120 robberies last year, a jump of 10 percent over the previous year. The U.K.’s Press Association Ltd., provided additional information, displaying puzzlement at the rise in gun crimes. “There was also a rapid and unexplained increase in the number of times householders were confronted in their own homes by armed criminals. Residential firearms robberies show a 49 percent leap, a record 645 cases in England and Wales, up 204 on the previous year and four times the level recorded in 2000-01.” (The Home Office reported that handguns were the most commonly used firearm in the robberies.) The rise is hardly a mystery. When you disarm the victims, you give the predators a green light.
Free Speech vs. Immigration
Immigration advocates are becoming increasingly radicalized, demanding the firing of their opponents throughout society. Left-wingers at Oxford University have recently launched a campaign to fire a professor because he has ties to a demographic study group that has been moderately critical of mass immigration to the U.K. David Coleman, a professor of demography, is being targeted for having helped found the group Migration Watch, which monitors the costs and social effects of overcrowding caused by refugees and asylum seekers. The Oxford Student Action for Refugees, a group pushing for more immigration to Britain, urged Oxford Vice Chancellor John Hood to “consider the suitability of Coleman’s continued tenure as a professor of the university” and is circulating a petition to sack him. Coleman said Migration Watch was established merely to promote “open and frank debate” about how to manage increasing immigrant numbers. The group insists that immigrants make a “valuable contribution” to Britain, but says that “the numbers have become too great ”
%
British Madness
The U.K.’s Law Lords ruled last month that calling someone a “bloody foreigner” and saying, “go back to your own country” amounts to racial abuse, and therefore constitutes a crime under British laws that forbid dissent from multiculturalist ideology. The ruling upheld a conviction against a disabled man who was accused of “abusing” three Spanish women by calling them names. Suffering from severe arthritis, Philip Rogers, 54, of Portsmouth, was riding his motorized mobility scooter along the sidewalk when he tried to get around three immigrant women blocking his path. An altercation took place in which Rogers lost his patience and called them “bloody foreigners,” and expressed the desire that they should \&ve Britain to return to their home countries. The women complained to the police who arrested Rogers. The Crime and Disorder Act of 1998 bans “racism” and “xenophobia.” The Lords said Rogers’ conduct unlawfully “denied acceptance to members of certain groups.” Rogers was sentenced to 80 hours of community service.
Moroccans Dominate Spain’s Foreigners
Foreigners now make up 9.3 perent of the population of Spain, according to the government’s National Institute of Statistics. The largest single group are Moroccans, followed by Ecuadorans, Romanians, British, and Colombians.
Continued on page 4
City Fights Return of Slavery
Slavery is back.
Thanks to the indiscriminate importation of Third World populations without regard to education and background, an underground slave labor market is thriving in the midst of America’s most cosmopolitan cities where many local citizens pride themselves on their progressive lifestyles and liberal outlook.
Case in point: San Francisco.
The slave trade there is so widespread that anti-slavery activists have enlisted the support of the mayor to launch a public advertising campaign to encourage people who know any one being held as a slave to report
Slavery Is so widespread In San Francisco, the city has launched a public awareness campaign In Immigrant communities against forced labor.
the circumstances to the authorities.
Mayor Gavin Newsom, who not long ago tried to issue illegal “marriage” licenses . to homosexual lovers, has agreed to join with activists to launch the public awareness anti-slavery campaign after revelations that his city' is a major hub for human slave trafficking.
The San Francisco Chronicle reported last month that local bus stations have agreed to display giant posters in Cantonese and
Candidate Witch
KEEPING UP WITH THE SCARY JERKS WHO WANT TO RULE AMERICA
Former Sen. John Edwards, D-NC Sen. Sam Brownback, R-KS
J
Democrat presidential candidate John Edwards, campaigning on a platform to help the poor, said Jesus Christ would be “appalled” at how selfish the American people are.
Edwards, a former senator and personal injury attorney, is the owner of a 28,000 square-foot home on 102 wooded acres in North Carolina, valued at $4.3 million. The mansion has five bedrooms and six and a half bathrooms. It is connected by a covered walkway to a handball court, an indoor pool, and indoor basketball court. Part of the land is being cleared to make a private soccer field.
In an online interview with the Web site Belief.net, Edwards said that Jesus would be upset with Americans’ selfishness.
“I think that Jesus would be disappointed in our ignoring the plight of those around us who are suffering and our focus on our own selfish short-term needs,” said Edwards. “I think he would be appalled, actually.”
Conservative Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Sam Brownback of Kansas said last month that the U.S. should admit more legal immigrants and make it easier for foreigners to come and live in the country.
In remarks to voters at a campaign stop in South Carolina, Brownback, who recently adopted a boy from Guatemala, said the U.S. ought to admit more foreign workers to meet the demands of businesses that want them. He said the U.S. should let in more immigrants because “we’re a nation of immigrants. We don’t want to discriminate against’ people.”
Brownback is a strong supporter of a guestworker/ amnesty plan for the 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in the U.S., and has voted for legislation to let illegal aliens apply for Social Security benefits based on the illegal work they performed.
English featuring a man washing dishes, a house cleaner, and a woman at a sewing machine, over the legend, “Is Someone You Know Being Forced to Work?” The posters display the phone numbers of anti-trafficking groups.
“The clients we work with are hidden, and we wanted to create awareness that this really happens in San Francisco,” said Kavitha Sreeharsha, as attorney from the Asian Pacific Islander Legal Outreach group, and who represents trafficking victims.
Because U.S. elites won’t guard the borders, immigrants are often smuggled illegally into the U.S. with the promise of legitimate work in return for thousands in smuggling fees. They are then sold into debt bondage, forced into work for months and years without salary to pay off the smugglers.
The smugglers keep their victims in the dark by confiscating any passports, locking them in the workplace, and threatening them or their families back home ■with violence.
The U.S. State .Department reported that up to 18,000 slaves have been illegally imported to the U.S. The majority are women and girls forced into brothels.
uSSSSNEif^tS
APRIL 2007
■ . s I U ■ r rill H C

?f\s
m
I I 1 I {| m ' j 1 ■! rC« KJ yOVw vww'-vsJ
WorldWatch: 2 Newsbriefs: 3,4,5 Tax Dollars at Work: 6 Phil Kent 6 Chilton Williamson: 7 What They Said: 7 John Vinson: 8 Robert Gokisborough: 8 AIC Immigration News: 9 Grassroots Action: 9 Diversity Notebook: 10 Readers Forum: 11 Capitol Offenses: 12 Columnists: 13-23
J
April 2007
Middle American News
Page 3
Mexican Trucks Head for U.S. Roads
Despite objections from highway safety activists and American truck drivers, the Bush administration announced that beginning in April the U.S. will allow Mexican cargo trucks into the U.S.
As part of a plan by U.S. commerical and political elites to integrate America and Mexico, trucks carrying goods produced in Mexico will no longer be restricted to the 25-mile commercial zone inside the U.S. border with Mexico. Previously trucks entering the U.S. from Mexico had to unload their freight at points inside that zone for transfer to American long-distance haulers. Now those same trucks may keep driving north, competing with American truckers for shipping business in a one-year pilot project for an unlimited number of trucks from 100 participating Mexican truck companies. After the project, all carriers will be allowed access to the U.S.
America’s commercial leaders applaud the move, seeing it as a way to further enhance their profits. It means that companies that have shifted manufacturing operations to Mexico to take
advantage of cheap labor can transport their goods into the U .S. without having to hire American truck drivers.
Under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) signed in 1994, truckers from the U.S., Mexico and Canada were supposed to have full access to highways in all three countries by 2000. But Mexican trucks were denied access to U.S. highways in 1995 because of safety concerns.
and Congress rebuffed President Bush’s efforts to open the border in 2001. NAFTA was adopted during the left-wing Clinton administration with support from right-wing Republicans.
“The Bush administration is playing Russian roulette with highway safety and national security,” said James P. Hoffa, president of the 1.4 million-member	International
Brotherhood of Teamsters.
In testimony before the U.S. Senate’s subcommitee on transportation, housing, and urban development, Hoffa charged that Mexican trucks do not meet American safety standards, and the drivers are not required to undergo the same training imposed on U.S. truckers.
“The Mexican government has had 15 years to address truck safety and they have failed miserably,” he said. “They have had 15 years to implement a national computer system like the U.S. and they have failed miserably. They have had 15 years to create driver training and safety programs and they have failed miserably. They have had 15 years to create driver protocols like drug testing and physicals and thp.v have fcyled mi<rerahlw?|| Just two years ago, the inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation reported that the Mexican government and Mexican motor carriers did not meet c on gresionally-man dated requirements.
Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said U.S. inspectors will travel to Mexico to inspect trucks. But if the truck inspections
are carried out with the same diligence the Bush aministration has applied to guarding the border, the project may allow unsafe trucks onto American highways.
Rep. James Oberstar, D-MN, warns that Americans’ safety on the roads is at stake.
“It is impossible to know how many hours or days a driver has been behind the wheel of a truck in Mexico, without rest, prior to crossing the border and entering our highways. Anecdotal evidence from news reports suggests that working hours for truck drivers in Mexico go far beyond anyone’s estimate of a safe, reasonable limit,” Oberstar said. “Drug and alcohol testing is another essential element. Without oversight and established controls at collection sites, compliance is very difficult to gauge.”
Rep. Peter DeFazio, D-OR, agrees.
“Despite the recent agreement to allow U.S. truck safety inspectors into Mexico to conduct safety audits, I am dubious that Mexican trucks or their drivers will meet the same safety and environmental standards j&Jkose m the JULJL
DeFazio said. “Under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the U.S. has consistently compromised its environmental and labor standards. Now we’re being asked to risk the safety of citizens on highways and in communities where these trucks will travel.”
During the project, U.S. truckers may ship goods into Mexico, too. But some truck operators say that because of crime and police corruptions, they won’t risk going south of the border.
Chris Carr, a senior partner of C.A.T. Memphis trucking company, who manages about 40 trucks, is one of them.
“I don’t want to send my trucks into Mexico,” he said. “The drivers aren’t going to want to go to Mexico because of the crime. It’s basically a Third World country. It’s a whole different society and way of life.” Carr also worries about whether Mexican truckers who can’t speak English will be able to navigate U.S. roadways and reach their destinations safely.
Business and political elites in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada have been working for the last several years on projects and programs to integrate the three
How to Read Your Mailing Label ^
Subscribers - The date on the mailing label on the cover shows when your subscription expires:
♦ »♦***♦♦**♦ AUTO**-*-DIGIT 275 009876432CExpires 09/2007	^	S3	PI
Mr. John Q. SubscrTBer""^
1234 Main Street Anytown, USA 55555-5555
Non-subscribers — If your label says “complimentary,”you must subscribe to continue receiving Middle American News. Use the handy order form on the back cover to mail your subscription today!
♦****»*****AUTO**3-DIGIT 275 009876432CT Complimenta3^"''^^ S3 PI Mr. John Q. Gift Reader ~~
1234 Main Street Anytown, USA 55555-5555
J
/\
Thanks for the New Disease
Thanks to open-door immigration polices imposed by U.S. elites, a brain infection caused by a parasite normally not found in the U.S. is now a growing health problem in states bordering Mexico, according to federal health experts. The disease, neurocysticercosis, is caused by a pork tapeworm that is endemic to Mexico. The federal Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta reported in February that “international travel and immigration” is bringing the disorder to the U.S. ‘Neurocysticercosis is the primary cause of epilepsy in endemic areas. This brain worm is very serious,” said Victor T. Tsang, chief of immunochemistry in the Parasitic Disease Division of the CDC. “Oral- fecal contamination is the standard route of transmission.” He said recent data collected by the CDC indicates that the disease is “an important cause of death in California.”
Federal health officials reported, “In Hispanics and Latinos, neurocysticercosis accounts for 13.5 percent of [U.S.] emergency room visits for seizures.” They said the increase of U.S. cases “is mainly due to immigration from endemic developing countries.” A person infected with the intestinal tapeworm will shed tapeworm eggs in bowel movements.
Eggs accidentally swallowed by others cause infection when the worms infect the brain and spinal cord and form -cysts. The eggs are often spread through food from infected food handlers. “So if you have people cooking for you or handling your food who are tapeworm carriers and don’t have good personal hygiene, you will be exposed to the eggs of the tapeworm,” said Tsang.
Nazi Plot, or Leftwing Scam?
To drum up support for multiculturalism as a way to protect Americans from evil “racists ” leftwingers often scare the public with wild tales of “Nazi” organizations in the U.S. who are depicted as plotting to take over America by stirring up racial hatred. But if there aren’t really any “Nazi” groups to point to, the propaganda won’t work.
Making sure the propaganda does work is the likely explanation for the latest Nazi scare, which turns out to have been pretty much a hoax — a government hoax, at that. In February, the Orlando Times Sentinel reported that a paid FBI informant was the man behind the planning of a highly-publicized “neo-Nazi” march through a black neighborhood. The paper said the FBI refused to comment on what it knew about the involvement of its informant, 39 year-old David Gletty of Orlando, except to say it had paid him as much as $20,000. Orlando drew national attention when the city granted a permit to the so-called “National Socialist Movement” for a march in which 22 “neo-Nazis” waved swastikas as they strode through a black neighborhood, protected by 300 police. Gletty was outed as an FBI informant during a later court hearing on a drug case. He had worn a wire to a meeting of two suspects charged with plotting to rob drug dealers. Gletty’s name appears on the Orlando city parade permit for the “Nazi” march and lists him as the “on scene event manager.”
Vulgar Hypocrites at Work
The formerly respectable College of William and Mary, which recently .took down a Christian cross for fear that it would offend immigrant students from non-Christian countries, recently sponsored a sex show for students, featuring topless dancers, sex toys, and striptease music. In February at the Sex Workers Art Show held in the auditorium of the University Center, more than 400 students showed up to leam about nipple jewelry, nude danr.ing and dildos. Students loved it, especially homosexuals. “It’s just so out there and expressive,” said Josh Campbell of the gay
Continued on page 4
■
Continued on page 9
Page 4
Mnntl Am&hcan News
Continued from page 3
Lambda Alliance. “It's hip, it's in your face, and it’s exciting." School President Gene Nichol defended hosting the vulgar event, saying, “it's not the practice and province of universities to censor or cancel performances because they are controversial.” But late last year. President Nichol ordered the removal of a gold cross from the campus Christopher Wren Chapel in what university officials called ‘the spirit of diversity” to avoid offending non-Christians who want to use the chapel.
Fighting Back
Sometimes, you have to fight back. A ten year-old boy who was told he could not dress up as Jesus Christ for a school Halloween celebration has filed suit against the school district for violating his First Amendment rights. Officials at Willow Hill Elementary School in Glenside, Pennsylvania, told the boy last October-that he could not wear his lake crown of thorns or tell others he was dressed as Jesus. The principal, Patricia Whitmire, told the boy’s mother that the costume violated school policy on religion. Other students, however, were allowed to dress as witches and devils and demons. School officials required students to wear a costume on Halloween to participate in the school party. Those who did not were sent to the school computer room. The suit was filed by the Alliance Defense Fund, a Christian legal group.
Not Enough
Talented black actors and entertainers have been promoted, publicized, and given awards by Hollywood for decades, but that’s not good enough for Jesse Jackson, the leader of PUSH, an organization that purports to be able to
"save humanity." The entertainment project of Jackson's group — People United to Save Humanity — is aiming for a conference in April to push for including more blacks in what Jackson calls “the infiastructure.” Jackson says the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences — the group that sponors the annual Oscar awards — is too white.
“The voting [for awards] doesn’t at all reflect the current reality of the population," he said. In another complaint, he said hosts on cable network television shows are nearly all white, or, in his words, “All day, all night, all white.” He also claims that too few blacks are hired for jobs at major talent agencies.
Pig Urges Others to Diet
Despite his reputation as an eco-freak, former Vice President and perennial moralist scold A1 Gore is quite a pig when it comes to energy use. In his Oscar-winning propaganda film. An Inconvenient Truth, the vice president calls on Americans to conserve energy by reducing electricity consumption at home. But it’s a lecture he doesn’t take too seriously himself. Last August, Gore’s family home near Nashville burned up 22,619 kWh - guzzling more than twice the electricity in one month than an average American family uses in an entire year.
The energy use figures were obtained and released by the Tennessee Center for Policy Research, a non-partisan think tank. For the entire year of 2006, Gore’s house consumed nearly 221,000 kWh, more than 20 times the national average.
Continued next page
0^

Middle American News
Published monthly by: Middle American Institute, Inc.
P. O. Box 20608 Raleigh, North Carolina 27619
Printed on recycled paper. Non-toxic ink used in printing.
Urban Schools Face Mass Failure
Most Students Fail in 14 Urban School Districts
The public education system designed by U.S. academic and political elites is collapsing into catastrophe as statistics from many of America’s largest cities reveal that less than half of enrolled students manage to graduate from high school.
A new study reveals that fourteen urban school districts, nearly all of them with large nonwhite populations, fail to graduate more than half their students, despite the national expenditure of billions and billions of taxpayer dollars from the U.S. Department of Education in addition to billions more spent by states and local governments.
This year's budget for the U.S. Department of Education is $65.7 billion, larger than the budgets of many states and even foreign countries.
That so many of today’s students are unable to graduate
high school presents a bleak picture of America’s future, as the education system produces a generation that is unskilled in basic math and English, guaranteeing that many will become a drain on public resources, ether as criminals or additions to the welfare rolls.
Among the nation's 50 largest school districts, three of them graduate fewer than 40 percent of the students, according to the study sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. They arc Detroit, with a graduation rate of only 21.7 percent, Baltimore, with 38.5 perent, and New York City, with 38.9 percent.
The study is based on data from 2002 and 2003 showing that public schools overall manage to graduate on time only 69 percent
of all enrolled students.
The study found graduation rates for other 11 cities with less than 50 percent were as follows: Milwaukee, 43.1 percent; Cleveland, 43.8 perent; Los Angeles 44.2 percent; Miami, 45.3 percent; Dallas, 46.3 percent; Pinellas County, Florida, 46.5 percent; Denver, 46.8. percent; Memphis, 48.5 percent; Broward County, Florida, 48.7 percent; Fort Worth, 48.9 percent; Houston, 48.9 percent.
Other large urban areas did only slightly better. The rate for Nashville was 50.4 percent; Albuquerque, 52 percent; Chicago, 52.2 percent; New Orleans, 53.7 percent; Philadelphia, 55.5 percent; Charlotte, 56 percent.
r
From page 2
Traumatic X-Rays Immigration authorities in the U.K.. arc considering the use of dental X-rays to stop adults from posing as children seeking asylum. Officials say there is a “serious level of abuse” by immigrants seeking to enter the country while pretending to be under 18 years old. Children typically receive more lenient treatment in the asylum system. Left-wing supporters of mass immigration claim, however, that subjecting youthful applicants to dental X-rays could be “traumatic” for vulnerable immigrant children.
Foreignization of the Netherlands A legislator in the Netherlands was denounced as “idiotic” by left-wingers for suggesting that government ministers should not have dual national loyalties. Liberal leader Mark Rutte called for legislation to prevent dual nationality for government officials after Nebahat Albayrak, a Turkish national, was appointed to take charge of the Netherlands’ immigration policy. Left-wing Democrat leader Alexander Pechtold said that Rutte’s suggestion was “idiotic."
Immigrant Academic Failure A new study by Brussels’ Free University reported that the academic performance of school children from immigrant families is far worse than that of pupils whose parents arc native to Belgium. The study’s results were compiled to take account of linguistic and socio-economic factors, which means that the children of immigrants still fall significantly behind even when they share the same economic circumstances and speak the same language as the Belgian students.
Asserting Identity and Loyalty Estcrina Tartman, Israel’s Minister for Tourism, said last month that Arab Israelis who refuse to swear loyalty to the state of Israel should be stripped of their citizenship.
In a television interview, Tartman said “any citizen who is not loyal to the idea of a Jewish state, his citizenship should he rescinded” About a fifth of Israel's seven million people are Arabs. She said Israel was a Jewish state and should be run according to Jewish principles.
Diversity's Divisiveness Diversity disupted a soccer game in Canada last month when an eleven year-old Muslim girl refused to comply with safety regulations that her parents regard as racially-motivated. The girl. Asmahan Mansour of Ottawa, was given the choice of taking off her hijab or not playing in a Sunday soccer tournament. Soccer rules say the hijab, a head searl, violated the no head-gear rules set down by the sport's governing safety committee. Maria Mansour, the girl's mother, predictably complained that the safety rules were a racist attack on Muslims. “Strongly, I do think so, because soccer is soccer whether it’s in Ontario or Quebec or Europe, and it’s not right at ^11 to not allow a Muslim girl who’s proud of her religion to play soccer, a sport she loves so much,” Mansour told CBC radio. The Muslim Council of Montreal said the soccer governing body ought to change its rules. “Asking minority groups to integrate cannot be equated with forcing them to assimilate and stripping them of their identity and rights,” said council spokesman Sulm Elmcnyawi.
Lc Pen's Last Hurrah John Marie Le Pen, the leader of France’s National Front, last month unveiled
Continued next page
V
Middle American News
Page 5
Should U.S. Admit More Iraqis?
By Richard R LaMountain
In mid-February, the Bush administration announced the United State's would admit 7,000 Iraqi refugees in 2007 — up from 202 in 2006.
The increase surprised no one. For months, the United Nations, refugee-advocate group Human Rights Watch, and Establishment media figures like The Washington Post’s David Ignatius had applied the pro-refugee pressure. And in mid-January, Ellen Sauerbrey, Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees and Migration, had signaled such a move was close:	the
administration, she told the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, was “working closely with [the UN] to prioritize U.S. resettlement for the most vulnerable Iraqi refugees... We have no quota on the number of Iraqis who can be resettled to the United States.”
The refugee advocates believe the administration is morally bound, in the words of the Associated Press ’Anne Gearan, “to do more to remedy the consequences of a war it largely started.” Such sentiment is wnderstaivdable. However monstrous Saddam Hussein’s regime, its obliteration by U.S. forces unleashed a sectarian maelstrom that has made Iraq a hell on earth for millions of innocent civilians.
But whatever the administration’s responsibility to Iraqis, its greater responsibility is to Americans. Before agreeing to the increase, then, the administration should have asked: What will importing 7,000 Iraqis — and in the near future, inevitably, thousands and thousands more via “chain migration” of their extended
families—mean for America, her native-born people, and her Western culture?
As amply documented in past issues of Middle American News, America’s recent non-Western immigrants — Mexicans, Vietnamese, Koreans, Somalis, et al — resist assimilation, choosing instead to cluster in insular communities and cling to their native cultures and languages. . Iraqis are unlikely to be different. In fact, a number of U.S. cities have large Arab-Muslim sectors culturally similar to the home the Iraqi refugees will just have left. In his book, “In Mortal Danger,” Congressman Tom Tancredo described “a recent visit to the Detroit area, where there are at least 60 mosques and 130,000 Muslims ... I was struck by how little assimilation has occurred. Dearborn [a Detroit suburb] had the look of a spruced-up Islamabad. While we stood on a street comer, we listened as the call •to prayer went out over loudspeakers on minarets all over the city. Every sign on every building was written in Arabic.” Able to settle in places like this, why will arriving Iraqis need to integrate into America’s Western, English-speaking mainstream?
More, most Iraqis’ religion, Islam, has shown itself — most recently in England, France and the Netherlands — incompatible with Western peoples, cultures and governments. Muslims, writes author Theodore Dalrymple, “believe that they are in possession of the truth, one and indivisible. For them, compromise is at best a mere tactic or a temporary truce until the balance of forces changes, as they now believe it will — entirely in their favor.” Iraqis in America, then, rather than assimilate to our culture, ultimately may seek to
assimilate us to theirs.
Also consider this: the Iraqi refugees will be a people forced from their homeland by a U.S.-launched war. Will they not be bitter — and might not some be bent on revenge?
Before the invasion, Middle American News contributor Pat Buchanan predicted it would turn many young Iraqis into armed, anti-American extremists. Newsweek’s recent cover story “The Next Jihadists” verified that prediction. “The ongoing violence is creating a generation that is... traumatized and, among boys in particular, ripe for the vengeful appeal of militias and insurgent groups,” wrote Christian Caryl. “Already some of these kids are taking up arms ..: often against American troops.” Examples: Seventeen-year-old Jumaa Ahmed al-Issawi was detained by U.S. forces for two months when they couldn’t find his father, a Baath Party member; now, Caryl writes, Jumaa “longs to kill Americans.” Fourteen-year-old Ali Sadkhan, who’s helped bury 300 bodies, has joined Moqtada al-Sadr’s Mahdi Army and stands, he says, against ‘‘the evil of America.” However sad these boys’ experiences, should we bring them and others like them here — where they could "band with those of like mind and indulge their thirst for revenge against innocent Americans?
As non-Westemers with their own culture and language, Iraqis will resist assimilation to American society. As Muslims, intrinsically hostile to Christianity and the West, they will live largely in opposition to that society. And as a people whose nation has been rent by forces a U.S. invasion unleashed, some of them even may incline toward anti-American armed jihad. Is importing thousands and thousands of Iraqis a risk we should take?
Here, as so often before, the Bush administration has abdicated its responsibility to the historic American people. Middle Americans should write their Congressional delegations and urge them to work to overturn the refugee increase or-*— failing that — to resist the importation of Iraqis, to their own districts and states.
Richard F. LaMountain is a free-lance writer whose work has appeared in The Oregonian, the Portland Tribune, Investor’s Business Daily, and other publications.

From previous page
his campaign platform for April’s presidential vote. At the party’s convention in Lille, he vowed to halt immigration and stop Frances loss of sovereignty to the European Union. In a spell-binding campaign speech, he severely criticized France’s political class for leading the country into ruin. “There cannot be any economic reform nor a return to growth without putting a halt to uncontrolled immigration of .ail the poor people of the planet who are coming to compete with our impoverished workers,” he said. He promised to send illegal immigrants back to their own countries, and cut off social and health care benefits for illegal aliens, and work to lower taxes with the savings. At age 78, this is Le Pen s fifth and last presidential run.
V______
Our Strange Rulers
One of the idiots who rules the state of Florida has introduced legislation to ban use of the term “illegal alien.”
State Sen. Frederica Wilson, a Miami Democrat whose district is home to thousands of legal and illegal Caribbean immigrants, has introduced a bill (SB 2154) providing that,
“A state agency or official may not use the teim ‘illegal alien’ in an official document of the state.” She says the phrase hurts her feelings: “I personally find the word alien offensive when applied to individuals, especially to children.” She added that, “There are students in our schools whose parents are trying to become citizens and we shouldn’t label them. They are immigrants, through no fault of their own, not aliens.” The dictionary defines alien as “owing allegiance to another country, unnaturalized, foreign,” and, “not related to one’s own, a member of a foreign nation.”
Fairness in the New Multicultural Era
When 22 year-old Asian Week columnist Kenneth Eng wrote a column entitled, “Why I Hate White People ” nothing happened. After all, multiculturalism is founded on anti-white bias, so there was no outcry. But when he wrote another column for the San Francisco-based paper entitled “Why I Hate Black People,” all hell broke loose. Black leaders, including the president of the local NAACP called for heads to roll. Even House Speaker NancyPelosi jumped in, saying, “The hateful views expressed in Kennth Eng’s column must not be tolerated...” Eng was promptly fired.
About the column attacking whites, not a peep.
The New Multicultural 90210 I Even residents oi swanky Beverly Hills, California, got an eyeful of the'contrnurng de-Americanization of their society when absentee ballots for voters in the municipal elections arrived last month in their mail boxes. Thanks to open immigration and the anti-American bureaucrats at the U.S. Department of Justice, the ballots had been translated entirely into Farsi, the language of Iran, and into Spanish.
More than 300 residents phoned the city to complain, reported the L.A. Times. The multi-lingual ballots reflect the growing presence of Iranian and Spanish-speaking immigrants. Regulations from the Justice Department require ballots to be printed in the language of any significant immigrant minorities. Three of the candidates running for the city council were bom in Iran. One American voter told the Times she found the ballot offensive and threw it away.
The Emerging Pig Sty
As America loses its unique character to mass immigration from a flood of non-Western populations, many Americans begin to encounter what it means to live among strangers, and in a society that no longer recognizes decency and common sense. Many will find it is not a pleasant experience. In Minneapolis last month, a woman who tried to sleep on a Northwest Airlines flight from Seattle woke up to find that the 20 year-old man next to her had ejaculated . on her. When the plane landed, the FBI arrested Samuel Oscar Gonzalez of Lakewood, Washington, and charged him with simple assault. And near Indianapolis, Warren Tbwnship School officials have confirmed that two sixth grade children had sexual intercourse in a classroom in the presence of a teacher and at least ten other students. But the school refused to discuss what happened. The principal at Raymond Park Middle School refused to discuss the incident with the news media. The superintendent of schools admitted the event took place, but would say only that the school “considers the matter closed and will have no further comment.”
v_____________________________:_________________________________J
Page 6
Middle American News
Foreign Aid Oddity |Thanks to their government, U.S. taxpayers have been supplying millions of dollars to two universities in Palestine linked to the advocacy and support of terrorism.
Despite America’s “war on terror,” the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) has provided more than $140,000 to the Hamas-controlled Islamic University in Gaza, including scholarships to 49 students there, and $12,000 for computers in the library — since 2004. The U.S. considers Hamas a terrorist organization. USAID also gave $2.3 million last year to Al-Quds University, which in February hosted a week-long celebration of the man credited with designing and building the first explosive belts worn by suicide bombers more than a decade ago.
“It is outrageous that U.S. taxpayer dollars are going toward institutions that support terrorists,” said Rep. Gary L. Ackerman, D-NY, who apparently did nothing to stop the appropriations when they were approved by Congress. “These loopholes must be closed so that taxpayer funds are used for their intended purpose and not subsidize terrorism and the promotion of hatred toward Israel and the iUnited States.”
USAID officials said every penny was provided in complete accordance with U.S. laws.
NTU Rates Congress Last year the average pro-taxpayer voting score for members of the House of Representatives dropped by 1 percent, according td the latest congressional vote ratings from the National Taxpayers Union. NTU gave the House an average score of 40 percent in 2005, and just 39 percent in 2006. The Senate scored a little better, increasing its pro-taxpayer rating from 44 percent in 2005 to 48 percent in 2006.
The NTU’s 28th annual scorecard analyzes every roll vote affecting tax, spending and regulatory issues. Based on a numerical “taxpayer score,” NTU assigns a grade from A to F to each member of Congress according to how NTU believes the member should have voted to reduce or control federal spending, taxes, debt, and regulatory activity.
Inthe 2006 rating, 61 lawmakers received taxpayer scores high enough— at least 84 percent in the Senate, and 70 percent in the House — to warrant a grade of A, and were given NTU’s "Taxpayers’ Friend Award ” At the same time, 224 members of Congress were designated “Big Spenders” for receiving F grades. Senators were named Big
Spenders for achieving scores of 24 percent or less, and House members won the title with scores of 23 percent or less.
For the fourth consecutive year, the top scorer in the House was Rep. Jeff Flake, R-AZ, who achieved a 92 percent rating. Rep. Ron Paul, R-TX, holds the record, with six first-place finishes from 1979 to 1984. The Senate top scorer was Sen. Jim DeMint, R-SC, who also scored 92 percent. The worst scores were assigned to Rep. Dale Kildee, D-MI, with 7 percent, and Sen. Tom Harkin, D-IA, who scored 9 percent.
More Medicare Fraud
Medicare fraud remains a staple of crime news in America. Last month a federal grand jury in Orange County, California, indicted 18 people charged with defrauding the government out of more than $12 million in phony Medicare claims. The two indictments alleged conspiracy, money laundering, and 68 counts of health care fraud against nine doctors and others, including several health administrators and board-and-care homes.
Prosecutors alleged that doctors paid people to recruit elderly, infirm, and mentally ill patients for respiratory therapy. They were enticed to undergo treatments with gifts such as sodas, candy and doughnuts, said federal investigators.
In an unrelated case, a man who posed as a doctor was accused of billing Medicare for more than $500,000 in phony or unnecessary services he provided.
Betros Garabet, 40, of Glendale, was not licensed to practice medicine, but he opened a Pamona clinic, and stands accused of using another person’s medical license to file Medicare claims.
In Miami, Florida, the owner of a medical billing company was sentenced to 10 years in prison after being convicted on three counts that charged her with conspiracy to defraud Medicare, pay health care kickbacks, and launder health care fraud proceeds. Evidence presented at trial showed that Diana Sotto, owner of All Medical Billings, Inc., submitted fraudulent medical claims and received more than $600,000 in fraudulent payments, much of which she laundered through five shell corporations. Five of Sotto’s co-defendants pleaded guilty to various charges in the same case, including Luis Manuel Fernandez, Maria Loriga, Beatrice Fernandez, Manuel Ivan Perez, and Walter Lefurge. Another defendant, Sandra Glavez, was also convicted in the case.
__________________________________________J
Handel K. “Randy” Johnson, the glib vice president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, should be nominated for inclusion in the Guinness Book of World Records for giving, within an approximately seven-minute period, a speech containing the most lies, half-truths and myths of any speech given since the heady days of Howard Dean’s 2004 babblings.
Johnson was asked to balance an immigration panel during the 34m annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) held at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in Washington, D.C. The event was titled “On the Border: A Report Card on Immigration Reform in the States.” Moderated by pro-immigration advocate Helen Kreible of the Vernon K. Kreibel Foundation, other panelists were immigration reformer and Republican state Sen. Nancy Schaeffer of Georgia, Minuteman Civil Defense Corps leader Chris Simcox and U.S. Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa.
An obviously uncomfortable Johnson opened with sweeping statements to the effect that the business community expresses strong support for the comments made by President George W. Bush on the need for “comprehensive immigration reform.”
The Chamber lobbyist, also vice chairman of a Washington, D.C.-based pro-foreign workers’ group called the Essential Worker Immigrant Coalition (EWIC), repeated the usual open borders litany. “We must have security at our borders,” Johnson piously intoned, ignoring the fact that the U.S. Chamber has fought virtually every proposed law or proposition, in every state, that strengthens border security by denying services to illegals and thus de-magnetizing the magnets that draw them here.
Johnson claimed “immigrants are essential to America” and that “a temporary worker program responds to the fact we need more workers.” The temporary program will take pressure off the states, he said, and will bring “hardworking” people into our economy “and give them a path to citizenship.” (Of course, many of these lawbreakers have nothing in common with our American language and culture.) The Chamber flak gushed as to how the Democratic Congress and the president are making “comprehensive reform” (i.e., amnesty for illegals) a “priority.” Johnson hopes this “would be the year” for a massive amnesty1 foreign worker bill to pass Congress.
He consistently used the word |immigrantB throughout his speech rather than differentiating between “illegal immigrant” and “legal immigrant ” During the question-and-answer period, an audience member called his Hand on this deception. Johnson hemmed and hawed, saying he “didn’t mean to do that” and apologized for giving the impression he wasn’t making a distinction.
“Americans don’t like hearing other languages in the workplace,” Johnson admitted, and acknowledged that this problem is a primary stumbling block with the American people. Then, in the next breath, he said, “1 don’t know how to solve this."
Johnson received a smattering of applause and most questions were directed toward him, one asking why Americans were lining up for jobs after recent plant raids that left slots open after illegals were arrested. Schaeffer gave a fact-filled speech about how illegals were an onerous financial burden on Georgia taxpayers. Simcox noted the arrival of the Minutemen on the border underscored that the federal government wasn’t doing anything about the Third World invasion and that Americans were fed up enough to actually take time out of their schedules to assist the Border Patrol. King rebutted Johnson’s points on the need for any more guest worker programs, and made a cogent appeal for Congress to enact English as our official language of government.
This columnist confronted Johnson as he was leaving the presentation. My main question: “If you admit that the growing use of foreign languages in the workplace is a problem, why doesn’t the Chamber support official English legislation offered by Sen. (James) Inhofe and Congressman (Steve) King?” Johnson unsmilingly replied, “The Chamber decided not to take a position.” When asked why not, he simply repeated that “the Chamber decided not to take a position” and added “we don’t have to take a position on everything.”
Incredible. A supposedly American business association refuses to promote the preferred language of business: English. Fifty-one countries located mostly in Africa, Asia and the Caribbean made English their official language of governance. Yet the U.S. Chamber resists the movement to have this country do so.
The 5,000-plus CPAC attendees heard from most of the 2008 Republican presidential prospects. Pro-amnesty U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., was a notable absentee. U.S. Sen. Sam Brownback, R -Kan., had a sizable number of activists handing out literature and soliciting support. When this author interviewed Brownback volunteers and asked if they realized their man voted for amnesty and had accepted an award from the militant Hispanic group La Raza (“The Race”), many were shocked and said they didn’t know. (Brownback lost some supporters that day.)
Concluding the conference was former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich. The 1994 Contract with America author received rousing ovations when stressing further border security, opposition to amnesty and “multilingual ballots” and the need for official English. He was just as tough if not tougher than U.S. Rep. Tom Tancredo. For another year at this annual gathering of conservative and Republican activists (over half under the age of 25), Bush and illegal mrnigmtm appeared to be far more unpopular than the Iraq war.
Middle American News
Page 7
Our Rulers
By Chilton Williamson, Jr.
If there is any form of government worse than big government, it is big government that refuses to govern—a fair and accurate description of the.govemment of the United States at the beginning of the •twenty-first century, as the months since the general elections of November 2006 plainly suggest.
Despite its claims that they received a mandate last fall from the voters to rescue the country from the Bush administration, the Democrats have so far accomplished precisely nothing in that line. Instead, by extending last year’s campaign season and merging it with a premature presidental race so as to create a campaign lasting a full two years, they have chosen to confront not President Bush but the Republican nominee in 2008, whoever he may be. Governing requires making choices and taking action; campaigning entails only symbolism, the spinning of “narratives,” speechmaking, photo ops, and promises as empty as they are absurd. Making choices and taking action is dangerous business, as Hillary Clinton learned after casting her vote for war in October, 2002, and as Barack Hussein Obama understands all too well. The Republican dissenters from the administration’s Iraq policy, which manages to be simultaneously pig-headed and insane, know it too. Therefore
politicians on both, sides of the aisles of Congress are doing nothing substantive about Iraq, nor are they likely to do any such thing in the future; rather, they will sit back and relinquish their sworn powers and responsibilities to Fate, which is impervious to blame.
In time of war, impending international crisis, a faltering economy, and invasion from the Third World, nearly every politico with a nationally recognized name (or so it seems, anyway) is running for president. Certainly the field of candidates is of unprecedented size. This means that a large number of people elected to important jobs are either AWOL from their posts (whether in Washington or the fifty states), either on the campaign trail or campaigning in situ. If the war in Iraq is so immediately critical an issue as they claim it is, then people like Senators Clinton, Obama, McCain, Biden, and Dodd owe it to their constituencies and to their country to put their legislative duties first and their political ambitions second. Instead, they appear to have decided that, as a hapless female politician put it some years ago in announcing her (unsuccessful) candidacy for the governorship of Wyoming, they “owe it to themselves” to run for President, and the country be damned. Astonishingly, the only objectors to their inaction are the antiwar Democratic Left—still a small and so far ineffective minority in Congress—no matter that the catastrophe in Iraq cannot wait until 2009', when Bush’s successor takes office. But government is finally about running a country, not running for office.
There are three principal reasons why
Are Choosing A New People
The federal government is so large and cumbersome, it has come to resemble the tragedy of the 700-lb man who
cannot even get out of bed.

i
“...the federal government has become swollen, over-empowered\ and overcommitted to the point ofself-paralysis.99
our governors today, though indeed they rule, no longer govern.
The first is that the federal government has become swollen, over-empowered, and overcommitted to the point of self-paralysis. Having in its own mind usurped the throne of the Almighty, it finds both omniscience and omnipotence utterly beyond its feeble powers. From the President of the United States on down, and including appointed officials and career bureacrats as well as elected federal officials, not one of them can possibly grasp the full extent of his job, far less the reality the jobholder is expected to apprehend and master in all its breadth the complexity— the breadth and complexity of the universe itself. A government that assumes—or professes—responsibility for rogue asteroids and climate change; world empire and international stability; global health care, welfare, and education; a global economy; the realization worldwide of secular capitalist democracy and the multiculturalist standard; and the liberation of humanity from the natural and theological limitations that have always constrained it is bound in the end to discover itself in the situation of a 700-pound man who cannot get out of bed, let alone his room. The federal politicans (and also, increasingly, those at the state and municipal levels) are plainly aware of the futility of their vaunted positions, and of their own impotence; yet, so long as they manage to create the illusion and go through the motions of effective action, they feel comparatively secure in their jobs, their status, and the emoluments they are able to realize from these—which are their primary interest anyway. Just how good a job they have done in creating this illusion of power and effectiveness is evident from the public outrage that ensues when the government fails first to save and then rebuild New Orleans following Hurricane Katrina, or provide decent medical care to wounded veterans at Walter Reed Army Hospital, or put an end to a wasteful, destructive, and immoral war. If they had been less so, the country at large would have been far less surprised, hence less outraged. Certainly no one in Washington is either, though of course all pretend to be.
The second reason is that far too great a proportion of the American public is not just satisfied with symbolic politics but actually seems to prefer it to politics of the real or substantive sort, which is government in action as opposed to acting-
out in what are becoming literally endless electoral campaigns. The situation is a direct result of the corrupting powers of liberalism, a philosophy of unrealism or counter-realism, which James Burnham thought was the ideology of Western suicide. Liberalism teaches—and has been teaching for centuries—that reality may be altered by treating it as if it were something other than it is, that is to say by idealistic thought and idealistic action in which all good, well-intentioned, and enlightened peopled—truly human people—will participate. Liberalism at bottom is a childish philosophy, one that finds its political expression in games of make-believe where its specialty is a kind of street-theater in which symbols are regarded as being of more significance than acts. In the world of liberalism, it is of far greater importance that the next President of the United States should be a black or a woman than that he or she should be an experienced, competent, and honest Chief Executive with a firmly-grounded and hard-won understanding of reality, of history ( American history in particular), and of human nature; also a realistic political agenda congruent with the future good and security of the historic American nation. To such a realistic candidate, the liberal alternative is always a “nice” candidate—who somehow turns out, after his election to office, to be among the least nice people in the world.
The third reason for political inaction among our active politicians is that they have no incentive to act, which is to say to govern. For them, to rule is entirely sufficient, and they rule relentlessly through a general policy of laissez-faire rather than the interventionism they promise and profess. As the rich get richer and the rich grow poorer, as government grows bigger solely by process of its own momentum, so the politicians’ power grows inexorably greater and the country becomes more and more to its liking, more conformable to their plan for themselves— and it. This is the explanation for four decades of foreign invasion by poverty-stricken barbarians from the Third World. One of the increasingly few acts of which Washington is potentially capable is the imposition of strict border security. It is also the action the federal government is firmly resolved never to take, the transformation of the historic United States being among its highest priorities, second only perhaps to world domination through world empire. The rationale behind this seeming unfathomable project is in fact readily explicable, though admittedly complex, having been satisfactorily explained in a number of books and many articles. Suffice it to note here that the Third World immigrants, coming as they do from ungovernable countries, are themselves
r
Politics: “Poli ” a Latin word meaning “many and “tics " meaning “bloodsucking creatures. ”
Gore Vidal
Whoever makes two ears of corn, or two blades of grass to grow where only one grew before, deserves better of mankind, and does more essential service to his country than the whole race of politicians put together.
Jonathan Swift
Political language. . . is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
George Orwell
Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
Homy Kissinger
The short memories of American voters is what keeps our politicians in office.
Will Rogers
A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar:
Henry Louis Mencken
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage. Ambrose Pierce
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. Robert Louis Stevenson
\i______________________________)
ungovernable. And, being ungovernable, they can only be ruled—unlike the majority of the U.S. population, which can still remember what real government is like, and should be.
And so, as Bertolt Brecht once expressed it, our present government has decided to dismiss'the people and elect another — more docile, more pliant, more rulable.
Chilton Williamson can be reached at Chilton Williamson, com
Umm f American News


Page 8
Anti-Culture Warriors Target U.S.
By Robert H. Goldsborough President, AIC
The term “Western Civilization” is an anathema to America’s enemies, both foreign and domestic. The term represents a particular culture which the politically-corrcct thought-police detest and condemn. Our enemies are fighting a culture war against America, but we Americans are not permitted to defend our culture, our “Western Civilization.” Those who do defend our great European heritage, our customs, our manners, and our English language are viciously attacked and arbitrarily smeared as “nativists” or racists.
Several years ago one native-born, anti-culture warrior of the left, (Jesse Jackson) screeched the demand “Hey, hey, ho, ho, Western Civ has got to go” as he led fellow demonstrators on a university campus. According to media reports, that cultural attack was so successful that the university eliminated its course on Western Civilization.
Make no mistake, America is under attack by organized anti-Western Civilization culture warriors from near and far, and the war is much more insidious than what we faced from the Soviet Union.
The 1965 emasculation of our protective immigration laws has allowed
Robert Goldsborough, AIC President
for the importation of greater and greater numbers of aliens who reject the culture which made America the envy of the world. The virtually unlimited immigration invasion has so weakened the cultural fabric of our land that cities like Hazelton, Pennsylvania, have been threatened with lawsuits because they passed ordinances fining employers and landlords who employ or house illegal alien criminals.
The power to destroy a nation and its culture is so well recognized by our enemies that they divulge their plans the way Hitler divulged his in Mein Kampf
Several years ago, Anthony Brown, a European correspondent exposed the war strategy of the Muslims:
“Saudi Arabia’s education ministry encourages schoolchildren to despise Christianity and Judaism. In Egypt, the schoolbook Studies in Theology: Traditions and Morals explains that a particularly ‘noble’ bit of the Koran is ‘encouraging the faithful to perform jihad in God’s cause, to behead the infidels, take them prisoner, break their power...”
“A popular topic for discussion on Arabic TV channels is about the best strategy for conquering the West. It seems to be agreed that since the West has overwhelming economic, military and scientific power, it could take some time, and a full frontal assault could prove counterproductive. Muslim immigration and conversion are seen as the best path.” Saudi Professor Nasser bin Suleiman al-Omar declared on al-Majd TV, “Islam is advancing according to a steady plan, to the point that tens of thousands of Muslims have joined the American army, and Islam is the second largest religion in America. America will be destroyed but we must be patient.”.Not one of the front-running presidential candidates has warned Americans of this overt threat to our culture.
America’s unity has been and is being seriously weakened in the guise of diversity. James Bemis of the California Political Review warns, “A modern shibboleth holds that strength comes from
diversity. This is the opposite of the truth: real cultural power comes from unity.” Since the 1970s, a great flood of legal Asian immigrants has been inundating Australia. At first, governing officials ignored the issue, then they nervously accepted it, and eventually celebrated what they referred to as “cultural diversity.” Today that “cultural diversity” has led to scattered ethnic riots and Muslim? complaining that they are treated as “less than equal.” Australia’s Prime Minister John Howard is fed up with immigrant cries of racism and bluntly declares, “You can’t have a nation with a federation of cultures ... the core culture of this nation is very clear; we are an offshoot of Western civilization.”
A previous administration understood the problem. Herbert Meyer, President Reagan’s vice-chairman of the National Intelligence Council, concisely pinpointed the threat when he stated, ‘The Culture War is the whole ballgame.” Why are today’s politicians so blind?
The enemies who have invaded America, whether they be from south of the border or from across the oceans, are engaging in a culture war to divide and destroy us. American citizens need to sing once again the refrain from John Dickinson’s “The Liberty Song.”
“Then join hand in hand, brave Americans all?
By uniting we stand, by dividing we fall.”
Let’s Not Live
By John Vinson Immigration Watch Editor
Any discussion about immigration must struggle against “political correctness” (P.C.), an authoritarian thought code, which amazingly claims that it stands for “tolerance.” But simply suggest that immigration may have limits, or that . all cultures may not be equal, and you will see just how far that tolerance goes.
P.C. is the mutant offspring of Marxist klogy, the same source that blessed the Id with Cheka dungeons, Soviet Gulag ps, and the Killing Fields of Cambodia. P.C. specifically derived from the Frankfurt School, a nest of German Marxists, a number of whom, unfortunately, found their way to the United States.
A chief belief of the Frankfurters was that harping about class struggle would not lead to a revolution led by the working class. Diverging from standard Marxism, they observed that workers tended to be conservative and patriotic. Therefore, these radicals concluded, there would be no revolution unless they could destroy conservative !>ies, particularly patriotism, ||	of traditional
Western^!
itheir efforts bore IFrankfurt theorists, Hrcuse, influenced Rlhc U.S. and Europe.
John Vinson, editor of Immigration Watch
Like all radical Marxists, the Frankfurters believe that the end of revolution justifies any means. To them, lies are truth if they serve “social change,” and anyone who disagrees with their radicalism is not only wrong, but evil.
Just as Joseph Stalin dehumanized his opponents as “kulaks” and “class enemies,” the P.C. children of Frankfurt defame all who disagree with them as bigots, racists, and haters. The latter accusation helps to hide their own hatred.
Fortunately, the P.C. enforcers in the media, education, and the government don’t have the totalitarian powers that the Soviet Communists had—at least not yet.
But with the significant influence they do possess, they are now striving for those powers.
A big part of their strategy is mass immigration from the Third World to destroy America as a Western culture. The banner they fly is “multiculturalism,” the splitting our country into squabbling enclaves—to execute the classic strategy of divide and conquer. Also part of the plan is using masses of unassimilated immigrants as cannon fodder for social upheaval. Promote chaos, they calculate, then seize control.
Patriots who stand against this scheming often pay a price in terms of reputation and employment. Love of country is “hate” in the twisted Orwellian world of P.C.
How can loyal Americans stand against this mental and spiritual onslaught? Good advice comes from Alexander Solzhenitsyn, the Russian patriot whose writings did much to delegitamize the Soviet state and hasten its downfall. In one of his key essays, “Live Not by Lies,” Solzhenitsyn affirmed that lies are never true, regardless of how many times liars repeat them. “And,” he maintained, “the simplest and most accessible key to our self-neglected liberation lies right here: Personal
nonparticipation in lies_[L]ics conceal
everything, . . . lies embrace everything, but not with any help from me.”
In as many social and professional settings as possible, while weighing the
dangers, he urged his countrymen to disagree with the falsehoods of the Soviet system, or at least lend them no support. “[W]hen people renounce lies,” Solzhenitsyn declared, “it simply cuts short their existence. Like infection, they can only exist in a living organism.” The choice, he affirmed, is “to remain a servant of falsehood ... or become an honest man worthy of respect by one’s children and contemporaries.”
In America today some leading P.C. lies about immigration are as follows: 1) Multicultural diversity is our strength. Question: Then why is it causing us such bitterness and discord? When in human history has such diversity ever strengthened a country? 2) All cultures “enrich” us. Question: How are people fleeing their dysfunctional cultures going to enrich us by bringing those cultures here? 3) “Racist” America, to atone for her historic “sins,” has no right to keep anyone out. Question: Since when did citizens in a free society (of whatever race), lose the moral and legal right to determine their future?
Whenever possible, deny P.C. lies with truth, and encourage your friends and family to do likewise. If you have children (or grandchildren too), spare no effort to rebut the P.C. falsehoods they may be learning at school.
Speak truth, and give no honor to those who deny it. The greatest of all P.C. lies is that P.C. liars deserve our respect.
Middle American News
Page 9
Immigration Briefs
A news summary from Americans for Immigration Control
The deployment of 8,000 National Guard troops on the Mexican border appears to be reducing illegal immigration. Although the guardsmen cannot apprehend or arrest illegal aliens, the logistical work they perform frees up Border Patrol officers to perform these tasks. In recent months, apprehensions of illegals have declined 62 percent in the Yuma sector of Arizona, a focus of the guard operation. All along the southern border apprehensions have dropped off 27 percent.
Nevertheless, violent attacks against Border Patrol officers also have increased. One reason is that smugglers are frustrated by the greater difficulty of moving people and drugs across the border.
Experts believe that if the decline lasts for a fiscal year, it will be strong proof that the presence of the guard is working. They also speculate on what will happen if and when the guard leaves. “Once the resources are brought in,” observed Doris Meissner, former commissioner of the INS, “you have to not only make the change, but those resources have to stay there to maintain the change.”
At a GOP luncheon, reported the wife of a congressman who was in attendance, presidential advisor Karl Rove offered a reason for the Bush administration’s support for illegal alien amnesty and guest worker programs. Said Rove, “I don’t want my 17-year-old son to have to pick tomatoes or make beds in Las Vegas.”
Mark Kikorian, head of the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies, said that Rove’s comment seemed inappropriate “coming from a leader in the party that promotes the virtues of hard work, thrift, and sobriety.” Quoting Alexis de Tocqueville, Kikorian observed that the traditional American viewpoint is that “every honest calling is honorable.” Believing that some people are better than others because of the jobs they do, said Kikorian, weakens “the very foundation of republican government.” Source: NRO (2/9/07)
In an effort “to court the burgeoning market of Hispanic immigrants," The Los Angeles Times reported, “Bank of America... is test-marketing credit cards for Spanish-speaking immigrants who may not have Social Security numbers.” Instead it allows applicants to use taxpayer identification numbers (ITINs) issued by the Internal Revenue Service.
Critics of the program charge that it is a barely veiled scheme to gain the business of illegal aliens, who in many cases already use ITINs to gain benefits. A further concern is security. Bank of America said that its program complies with anti-fraud and anti-terrorism laws dealing with customer identification, but Russ Knockle, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security, disagreed. Said Knockle, “At face value the program seems to be problematic. It seems to be lending itself to possibilities of perpetrating identity theft or creating more risk for money laundering.” Source: Raleigh News & Observer (2/14/07).
“What President Bush didn’t mention in the State of the Union address,” noted columnist Michelle Malkin, is that his amnesty/guest worker proposal would overwhelm the “teetering . . . backlogged and broken” immigration bureaucracy.
Malkin quoted Michael Cutler, a senior special agent at the former INS, who observed that overworked immigration employees even now can barely cope with the flood of applications coming across their desks. Often they stamp approval, without giving them adequate attention. “Needless to say,” said Cutler, “this means that fraud-laden applications are often not detected and aliens receive a wide range of benefits, including United States citizenship to which they would not be entitled if the relevant facts were known.” Source! www.detnews.com (2/14/07)
Mexico’s new ambassador to the U.S., Arturo Saryhan, said that his country would conduct what the Associated Press called “an aggressive lobbying effort” to secure “comprehensive immigration reform,” i.e., an amnesty/guest worker program. Before leaving Mexico for the U.S., Saryhan told reporters that “There are few matters so important to the future of this country.”
He said that Mexican consulates will work to influence U.S. elected officials, business groups, civic organizations, and “all actors of U.S, society. Also, he continued, “We are going to put into place the same kind of diplomatic and lobbying effort that we did in the early 1990s when NAFTA [North American Free Trade Agreement) was being decided.” .
Saryhan noted, however, that an amnesty/guest worker bill* has a limited window of opportunity for passage. Support will be difficult to obtain next year, said the ambassador, when many U.S. lawmakers will have to stand for reelection. Source: The Associated Press (2/20/07)
The Supreme Court decided not to hear the appeal of Mohawk Industries, a company in Georgia facing legal action for allegedly hiring illegal aliens. Plaintiffs in the case charge that Mohawk conspired to lower wages of all workers by hiring illegals. The legal basis for the suit is the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, a law originally aimed at organized crime.
Following the Supreme Court’s decision, the lawsuit reverted to the jurisdiction of the Eleventh U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which had ruled in September that it would hear the case. Many observers believe that a ruling against Mohawk would establish RICO as an effective legal remedy against employers who hire illegals. Source: foxcarolina.com (2/28/07)
From page 3
Mexican Trucks Headed for U.S. Highways
countries into a “North American Union.” Middle American News reported in August 2005 that the plan, first proposed by the influential Council on Foreign Relations, includes eliminating border restrictions among the three countries. Adopted by
the Bush administration as the Security and Prosperity Partnership, the plan calls for creating a single bofder perimeter for all three countries, with unlimited and unrestricted movement of goods and people between the countries inside the perimeter.
Grassroots Action
by Peter Gemma
If Middle American activists desire smaller, less expensive, and less intrusive government, then we must do more than pay Uncle Sam’s tax bill on April 15th. Here are some suggestions on how to get information and motivation to fight back against high taxes, government waste, the IRS and the meddlesome interests they represent.
The National Taxpayer Union (www.ntu.org) has some good news/bad news about the 109th Congress: “The demand for new spending was lower than during the same period of the 108th Congress, but on the other hand, demand for new savings also declined. While the typical House Republican and the typical Senator of either party sponsored less spending than they did through the kickoff of the previous Congress, most lawmakers still produced agendas that would, on average, increase the size of government.”
There are lots of positive proposals for an alternative tax system that would help make government more accountable. One proposal that is intriguing is the “Fair Tax” plan, which would replace all federal income and payroll taxes with a system that includes a progressive national retail sales tax, a rebate to ensure no American pays federal taxes up to the poverty level, and, God bless ‘em, the repeal of the 16th Amendment. Information on the Fair Tax Plan, the legislative initiative to put it in place (HR 25/S 25), can be found by visiting www.fairtax.org.
Know your enemy: be sure to explore the website www.federalbudget.com (a private organization) to find out the facts you need when writing your newspaper, -Congressman, or your fellow patriots. Did you know that in
2006 the U. S. Government spent $406 Billion of bur money on interest payments incurred from the national debt? Politicians and government bureaucrats spend $61 billion on education, and $56 billion on transportation by comparison. The interest expense paid on the national debt is the third largest expense in the federal budget.
If you really want to be shocked by government spending or tax statistics, visit http://zfacts.eom/p/461.html.
Citizens Against Government Waste (www.cagw.org) is best known for publishing The Congressional Pig Book, an annual compilation of the pork-barrel projects in the federal budget. The 2007 Pig Book identifies 2,658 projects ($13.2 billion in spending)-within the Defense and Homeland Security Appropriations Acts, for fiscal 2007. CAWG defines a “pork” project as a line item in an appropriations bill that designates tax dollars for a specific purpose in circumvention of established budgetary procedures.
The best place to rummage around for factual information and practical news that can be shaped into weaponry in the fight against Big Government, is the tax Foundation (www.taxfoundation.org). There you will find such stories as, “Married Couples with Children No Longer in Statistical * Middle Class:’’’
Congress first needs to understand how different today’s families are from those of 40 or 50 years ago and how demographic changes have affected the notions of who is ‘middle-class’ and who is upper income in America.... the Tax Foundation has released an analysis of the composition of today’s middle class vs. the middle class of 1960. The demographics of today’s middle income group have almost flipped entirely. “What was once predominantly a group of Ozzie and Harriet-style families now looks more like the cast of Friends,” says Tax Foundation President Scott Hodge.
Peter B. Gemma, editor of Shots Fired: Sam Francis on America 9s Culture War (www.shotsfired.us), is writing a biography of former Louisiana Congressman John Rarick. ^
Page 10
Middle American News
Road Killers
— Dwane Braswell, 35, and his 9-year-old son Jerry, of Clayton,
North Carolina, died on Sunday,
March 4, thanks to a drunk-driving foreigner. Luciano Telles, who is in the U.S. illegally and was driving without a license, ran a stop sign and darted out in front of Braswell’s truck. When Braswell swerved to avoid Telles’ car, his cab rolled over and burst into flames, incinerating the father and son. Telles fled on foot but was arrested by police and is currently incarcerated in the Johnston County jail.
This is not Telles’ first brush with the law. He had two prior drunk driving convictions in Wake County, North Carolina. But he was not deported. Rep. Sue Myrick, R-NC, has reintroduced legislation that would require the deportation of any illegal alien convicted of driving while impaired. The “Scott Gardner Acf,” named for a Mount Holly, NC, teacher killed in 2005 by a drunk illegal, would also make it easier for law enforcement agencies to share information about a person’s immigration status. Her bill passed the U. S. House but was not considered by the last session of tire Senate. Mecklenburg County Sheriff Jim Pendergraph said the county has identified 1,520 illegal aliens who have committed crimes since May 1 of last year. Of those,
318 were arrested for Driving While Intoxicated. Maudia Melendez, head of The Jesus Ministry, a “Latino advocacy group,” complained that Hispanics are being identified with drinking and driving.
| — Steven Ketterer, 24, was killed while driving a motorcycle in Tinicum Township, New Jersey, when Julio Xiloj Madrid, 26, made an unlawful left turn and ran into him. Madrid an illegal alien using a counterfeit driver’s license, has been sentenced to only one-to-two years in the Bucks County jail. When his prison sentence ends, he is supposed to be turned over to the U. S. Department of Immigration & Customs Enforcement for deportation.
—	Troy Pack, aged 10, and his sister, Alana, aged 7, were killed in Martinez, California when Jimena Barreto, 46, a nanny, ran them down. Barreto, despite four previous drunk-driving convictions was not deported. Allowed back on the street, she was sentenced to 30 years-to-life in prison for the hit-and-run deaths of the two children. Barreto had been drinking earlier in the day when she drove off in her car, swerved across two lanes of traffic without braking and smashed into the tots.
—	Becca Bingham, 39, her two children, 4-year-old Macie and 2-yeiar-old Garrison, were killed, and her husband, Frank Bingham, 41, was seriously injured in downtown Denver, Colorado. DA Mitch Morrissey charged L. J. Trujillo, 36, with three counts of vehicular homicide-DUI (Driving Under the Influence of alcohol and drugs), reckless, driving, leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death, leaving the scene of an accident causing bodily injury, and assault. Harvey Steinberg, a defense lawyer, described the crime as a “terrible, terrible tragedy.” The Binghams were crossing Arapahoe Street at 15* Stjreet when they were hit by Trujillo, driving drunk according to police reports. Trujillo may be from the Dominican Republic.
Killed in Action
Cpl. Steven F. Gaughan, 43, of the Prince George’s County, Maryland, Police Department, was killed in the line of duty by Robert Mark Billett, 41, a Jamaican national. Gaughan saw Billett driving erratically through two traffic lights in what was reported to be a stolen vehicle and called for assistance. When Billett was finally pulled over, he got out of the car and started shooting at police. Eye witnesses said 40-50 shots were fired. Billett has an arrest record stretching from New York City to Richmond, Virginia, for distributing drugs and weapons violations. He also has been convicted of drug running in his native Jamaica. Federal immigration officials had no explanation when asked why Billett was allowed to enter the U.S. in the first place, given his criminal record, nor why he was not deported after his previous arrests in this country. Billett has been sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole. Gaughan leaves behind a wife and two children.
A
Middle American News Distribution Center P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
Mpl
NEW5
(Please use this address for all bulk orders. Thank you!)
□ YES, I want extra copies of the April 2007 issue of Middle American News in the quantities I’ve checked.
Name__________________________*__________
Address__________________________________________
City/State/Zip.
:aie/£ip________	-________________________
(STREET ADDRESS REQUIRED for orders of 25 or more; sorry, we cannot ship larger orders to P.O. boxes.)
Telephone_________________________________________
(In case we have questions about your order)
Li 10 copies for $12.00 Enclosed is a check in the
□ 25 copies for $26.00
D 50 copies for $35.00
_	Shipping	Included.
il 100 copies for $47.00
i Lucky Escape Kidnapping-for-profit is a crime of preference in Mexico, where thousands of people are abducted and held for ransom every year. Vicente Ignacio Beltran-Moreno, 22, a Mexican citizen living illegally in Bradenton, Florida, decided to try the same variety of felony in the U§A. On February 25, Beltran-Moreno drove up to a school bus stop in Parrish, FL and grabbed 13-year old Clay Moore at gun-point. He left the boy tied up in the woods about 20 miles east of town and sent a ransom note. Beltran-Moreno became a suspect after investigators took an artists sketch of Moore’s abductor to migrant workers camps in the Bradenton area. Several migrants identified Beltran-Moreno, a sometime Florida farm worker. Young Clay Moore freed himself by using a safety pin he had put in his mouth to pick apart the duct tape that held his wrists. Beltran-Moreno surrendered to federal officials at the Mexican-U.S. border in Texas. As we were going to press, he was being extradited to Manatee County, Florida.
Middle Eastern Entrepreneurs
A gang of six Middle Eastern natives has been arrested in the San Francisco Bay area for buying more than 20-tractor-trailers filled with stolen merchandise, including baby formula, vitamins, cold medicine, hygiene products, and other over-the-counter pharmaceuticals. The goods were stolen from Safeway, Target, Walgreens and Wal-Mart stores, and re-sold over the Internet and at convenience stores operated by foreigners. Investigators found thousands of discarded security tags and barcode labels from major retailers in dumpsters outside Rosemont Wholesale Warehouse in Hayward, CA. Those arrested include: Hassan Swaid, 37, the suspected ringleader and president of Rosemont Wholesale; Sufian Al-Khalidi, 45, Wahidullah Ahmadi, 47, Mossleh Amari, 46, Nabil Munasar A1 Zoqari, 23, and Basheer Amman, 23. Authorities are trying to find two more suspects, Munasar Alzoqari, 51, owner of Kings Food Market, a front for stolen goods, and Mohammad Aldhufti, 24, of 1 Star Discount Store. Americans should ask why any of these crooks were admitted into the USA.
Middle American News
Page 11
----1--I-------P---1---
American Viewpoint
MnSMEbwi
Editor
Jerry Woodruff
Contributors:
Phil Kent - Brent Nelson -Robert Goldsborough -Chilton Williamson Jr. -Wayne Lutton - John Vinson

Published Monthly by Middle American Institute, Inc.
$2.00 per issue, $17.00 per year To subscribe, send check or money order payable to:
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619 www.manews.org
“The issue today is the same as it has been throughout all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself .or be ruled by a small elite.”
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Middle American News are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Middle American Institute, and are not intended to influence elections.
TO TAKE BETTER CARE
OP YOUR
. VETS
n l

l&licll - jnJba rv*?2£D7
Readers’ Forum
Boycotts Bank of America
1 just applied for and was approved for my Bank of America credit card. It took only about 10 minutes on the Internet. When I get it, I will cut it up and throw it away. If they want illegals to have credit cards, at least I can cost them to process and send mine to me. They have no respect for America, and I have no respect for them.
Mr. R.J.C.
Fulton, Illinois
Impeach Bush, Impose Tariffs
The worst thing that ever happened to our USA is President George W. Bush, the woitld-be dictator. Bush broke many of our laws and should be impeached. What’s on Bush’s mind at all times is big, rich, CEOs.
A bad thing going on right now in the USA is called free trade. Companies and corporations are moving their manufacturing outside the USA to take advantage of cheap labor, which gives them a bigger profit. The setup is a race to the bottom, to find the cheapest labor. The laid-off people here in the USA and the cheap labor over there cannot afford to buy the products. There is an easy and quick way to change this — put tariffs high enough on those returning products to make them unprofitable. We have to instill patriotism in these CEOs.
One of the first items on the agenda of Congress should be to impeach Bush. I know, you will say that then we get Vice President Dick Cheney. But remember, Cheny can be impeached, too. We need and want the right people in our federal government so we can become great again.
Mr.CJ.C.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Disgusted With Bush
I am so disgusted with the Bush administration. I read the letter from the former IRS worker (Vouches for IRS Story, Readers Forum, Dec. 2006) who said they knew the Social Security numbers did not belong to some of the people using them. I had no idea this was going on. Bush probably knew about it, too. He is so inept. He will ruin the military. Before he took office, we had a budget surplus. Now we are so in debt that we will never get out of it.
Everyone in the Congress should be fired, because they are just self-serving. They are supposed to be working for the American people. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is no better. I read where she is in favor of amnesty for illegal aliens. Who do they think did these so-called “jobs-that-Americans-won’t-take” before the influx of all these illegal immigrants?
Ms. D.A.
Auroa, Colorado
. More About Financing La Raza
Your reporting of corporate America’s financial support for the National Council of La Raza (October 2006 and February 2007) failed to include mention of the fact that most of your readers also provide financial support to La Raza — of course, they do so unknowingly. Uncle Sam does it for them by tunneling millions of dollars from income tax revenues into outright grants and set-asides to La Raza and other nonprofits emerging as ethnic-based voting blocs.
To learn more, your readers can visit www.aicfoundation.com for inexpensive publications on immigration matters including “The Improper Use of Public Funds,” by J.E. Fallon.
Mr. L. F.
Dublin, New Hampshire
Bush Should Pardon Border Agents It was a day of infamy when two Border Patrol agents Jose Campean and Ignaco Ramos went to prison for doing their duty in protecting their country.
Campean was sentenced to 12 years, and Ramos to 11 years — a great travesty of justice.
The U.S. Attorney who was in charge said the verdict and sentences were just, but a Mexican drug smuggler was given immunity to testify against the agents. The jury system is broken.
These agents are heroes. President George Bush should pardon them. Just recently, he pardoned 100 felons, including five drug dealers. Bush will not protect the Southern border and offend the Mexican government. Bush has not only betrayed the agents, but the United States. All Americans should be ashamed that Bush is an “American.” The U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales should be fired, and his in-Justice Department investigated.
And where is the outcry in the mainstream media? They have been silent!
Mr. R.F.D.
Baden, Pennsylvania
------------------ Letters ---------------------
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
Phone: 919-839-1001
Fax: 919-839-2181 Email address, manews@manews.org Visit our new website: www.manews.org (Letters may be edited for space and clarity.)
The Constitution Be Damned. There should be some truly severe punishment for members of Congress who craft and vote for legislation they know is blatantly unconstitutional - like the McCain-Feingold "campaign financing" law that negates the First Amendment for a 60-day period before elections. A similarly outrageous measure is now on a fast track to be rammed through the House: H.R. 328, the “D.C. Fair and Equal House Voting Rights Act." Ignoring the indisputable fact that the Constitution allows only “states ’ to be represented in Congress, this bill would give the District of Columbia a full voting member in the House. As a smokescreen of “balance,” another new seat would be created for conservative Utah. To avoid the possibility of the state’s lone Democratic House member,!
Jim Matheson, being defeated in new elections, Del.
Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) is planning to amend the existing bill to make the new Utah seat an at-large one. This would do massive violence to the Constitution by giving each person in that state two representatives — his district congressman and the at-large one — while everyone else in the country would have just one. A primary architect of this outrageous bill is Rep. Tom Davis (R-VA), who has sold out his party, his state, and the entire nation on a number of issues related to the District of Columbia. It has 24 cosponsors, every one a (D) but Davis and Todd Platts (R-PA) .... Davis also conspired with Norton to force all taxpayers to potentially subsidize the college education of every graduate from D.C. high schools. In 2006, the Tuition Assistance Grant (TAG") program spent $33.2 tniWiou on more than 5 ,OOQ students. Yet, of those a\tend\n% the ten most popu\at colleges, only 21.6 percent graduate — half the national average. Just 12
percent of*7J4C7 stxidcnfs at ffowartf t/niversity in O.C^.
get a diploma. This is really just another federal subsidy for “historically black” colleges, and helps few students actually improve their lives. Davis was also instrumental in handing over some 200 acres of federally owned land to the District free and clear — half of it near the new Washington Nationals baseball stadium, where land values have soared....
Latin Spice, Well, sometimes ethnic “diversity” does make things more interesting — as in the recent flap surrounding the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. Rep. Loretta Sanchez (D-C\) resigned angrily from the group in February because, she said. Chairman Joe Baca (D-C\) was telling people she was a “whore.” Although Baca denied the claim. Reps. Linda Sanchez (D-CA) -Loretta's sister — and Hilda Solis (D-CA) quickly threatened to resign if Baca did not apologize, and three unnamed male caucus members said they would follow suit if the women left. The three women, plus Reps. Dennis Cardoza (D-CA), Jim Costa (D-CA) and Raul Grijalva (D- AZ), who are presumed to be the three males just mentioned, quit the group’s political action committee last year after Baca gave contributions from the PAC to two of his own sons who were running (unsuccessfully) for office. Although the media gave the affair little attention, it boiled for over a month before a showdown behind closed doors - and Baca emerged triumphant. He remains chairman and, only Loretta Sanchez has actually left the group'. . .. Cardoza has complained about the incredible incompetence of the CHC, noting there were times when it took two weeks to organize a press conference; by the time the caucus was ready to speak, the issue at hand had already been decided ....
Green Hypocrites. Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Majority Leader Stcny Hoyer (D-MD) and House Administration Committee chair Juanita Millender-McDonald (D-CA) arc demanding that the Capitol’s administrative staff find ways to make the complex more “Earth friendly”
me
.Tates of
News me acme
&nd energy efficient — not to save money, of course, but to demonstrate the pols’ alleged concern for the environment. At the same time, the massive egos of those who serve in the new Congress resulted in relocation of 209 member, committee and leadership offices, necessitating the moving of nearly 8,400 pieces of furniture and 4,900 telephones, the use of 4,100 gallons of paint, 10,000 yards of new draperies and mountains of new carpeting, the replacement of 15,000 fluorescent light bulbs and untold additional waste of resources — while the old, but perfectly serviceable carpets, drapes and bulbs surely went to some already overburdened landfill....
Union Goons. Demonstrating the new leadership’s slavish subservience to Big Labor, the House has voted 241-185 to take away the right of workers to secret-ballot votes in union elections. Only two Dems dared vote against the measure, while 13 RTNOs backed it. Far from “establishing fairness in the workplace,” as Minority Leader Steny Hoyer babbled, the change would make it much easier for union goons to intimidate workers — precisely the intent of the bill’s authors. Fortunately, the bill is not likely to pass the • Senate
Cowed by the Racists. Early in his campaign last year, white and Jewish Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN), who won the House seat surrendered by Harold Ford (D-TN) in his failed Senate run, vowed to try to join the Congressional Black Caucus if elected, since the district is overwhelmingly black. According to CBC member William Lacy Clay (D-MO), “Mr. Cohen asked for admission and he got his answer. [No.] It’s an unwritten rule. It’s understood. It’s clear.” Cohen was so intimidated by this unabashed black racism that he won’t admit ever applying. “I don’t think it’s necessary to have anything formal,” he alibied lamely. “We’ll just be buddies.” Cohen is hiring a high percentage of blacks for his staff and otherwise sucking up in a foredoomed effort to head off a strong black challenger in 2008. Despite all his posterior-kissing, this lickspittle congressman is guaranteed to be a one-termer, and his CBC “buddies” will be actively supporting and funding his challenger - whoever it may be - simply because that person is black ....
Whiner of the House. A new low was reached in Washington politics recently when Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi called the White House to complain about Vice President Dick Cheney’s statement that the Democrats’ plan to cut and run in Iraq would “validate the A1 Queda strategy” of fighting the war. This is exactly like a child whining to her father because her brother called her a “doo-doo head” or some similarly infantile insult. This kind of verbal punch is part and parcel of Washington politics and Pelosi throws such punches like a man, but is anything but a “strong woman” when she’s on the receiving end. To paraphrase Harry Truman: If you can’t stand the heat, Nancy, then get back in the kitchen ....
Top Secrets for a Crook. Last year. Minority Leader
Pelosi believed so strongly that Rep. William ($90,000 bribe cash in the freezer) Jefferson (D-LA) was too compromised by the ongoing FBI investigation of his activities to be a member of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee - so she removed him. Now that she is Speaker, Pelosi has announced her intention to put Jefferson on the Homeland Security committee, where he would have access to top secret information on terrorism, secret operations and other far more sensitive subjects than taxes. And some still wonder why Democrats are viewed as soft on security? ... py*""'	The Sleazy and the Demented. Rep.
John Doolittle (R-CA) owes his own wife’s fundraising firm more than $136,000, according to federal election reports. Besides her husband’s campaign, Mrs. Doolittle’s company had only three clients — a lobbying firm and restaurant owned by the now-jailed Jack Abramoff, and a group founded by the former chidf of staff to Rep. Tom DeLay (R-TX). Doolittle also owes $24,000 in legal fees, after paying $94,000 for that purpose last year to defend himself against accusations stemming from his relationship with
Abramoff_____Rep. Alan Mollohan (D-WV), under
investigation for targeting millions of dollars- to nonprofit groups controlled by former staffers and friends, has run up more than $160,000 in legal charges from a white-collar criminal defense firm. Despite this probe, he still chairs the committee that determines the budget for the FBI!... Legal expenses for former Appropriations chairman Jerry Lewis (R-CA) have passed the $850,000 mark as he faces questions about his relationships with lobbying firms .... The Supreme Court has refused to review the public corruption and extortion convictions of Roderick Keith McDonald, whose mother is Rep. Juanita Millender-McDonald. The younger McDonald argued that, because he is black, he should have been tried in an area with a larger black population than the jurisdiction in which he was convicted - a claim that certainly deserved to be laughed out of court.... Rep. Maurice Hinchey (D-NY) has apparently lost his mind, stating publicly on a national radio program that there is “significant evidence” the poorly forged documents on George W. Bush’s National Guard service, that caused such an uproar before the 2004 election and led to the ouster of newsreader Dan Rather, were provided to CBS by Bush aide Karl Rove. Hinchey has conspicuously failed to provide any such evidence; perhaps he’s been too busy tracking down Bigfoot and unmasking the flying saucer conspiracy .... The most bizarre new member is Rep.
Steve Kagen (D-WI), who in just a few short months has (1) been warned by the Food and Drug Administration that his medical practice is apparently in violation of the law for manufacturing and selling allergy shots without a license; (2) boasted to “peace activists” that he had deliberately insulted First Lady Laura Bush, the president, the vice president and Rove at a reception.
(The White House called Kagen’s account “ridiculous.”); and (3) later denied that he had insulted the Bushes, claiming, “If I’ve mishandled anything. I’ve mishandled the press . . . the entire opportunity to put something down as just a comedic moment.” This loony sits in Congress only because he was able to spend more than $1.25 million of his own money to buy the seat One Nation, Divided by Race. Sen. Daniel Akaka (D-HI) has re-introduced his perennial bill to establish a separate system of government for “native” Hawaiians, which would lead to even more discrimination against whites and blacks who live in that state. The bill does not, of course, free Americans from being forced to financially subsidize such a racist regime. According to some, Akaka’s measure could eventually lead to the secession of Hawaii from the United States .
April 2007
Free Trade Fakery
To the devout libertarian, free trade is not a policy option to be debated, but a dogma to be defended. Nowhere is this more true than at that lamasery of libertarianism, the Cato Institute.
But with .America running the worst trade deficits in history, the monks are having a hellish time of it. Hence, like the neocons who cherry-picked the intel to stovepipe to Scooter to bamboozle us into believing national survival hung on invading Iraq, they feed us irrelevant truths and deny us the whole truth. ■
Case in point — die Feb. 22 column in The Washington Times by one Daniel Ikenson, “associate director at die Cato Institute’s Center for Trade Policy Studies. Bewailing the “barrage of hyperbole and misinformation about trade and its relationship to jobs and economic growth," Ikenson assured us, with impressive statistics, that globalism is working out wonderfully well for America.
“(T)he Census Bureau data show' that U.S. export growth was phenomenal in 2006, increasing by 14.5 percent.... Exports to Europe increased by 15.2 percent and to China by nearly 32 percent. The growth in exports to Japan was a slower 7.5 percent, but it grew. Since 2001, U.S. exports have increased by more than 42 percent.”
Wow. Phenomenal indeed. And it does sound like we are cleaning those foreigners’ clocks. But Ikenson ignored the other side of the ledger.
That the U.S. trade deficit in 2006 rose to an all-time record of $764 billion. That the deficit in goods hit $836 billion. That the deficit with China rose 15 percent, from $203 billion in 2005 to $233 billion in 2006, the largest trade deficit ever recorded between two nations. That the deficit with Japan rose to $88 billion, the largest ever between us.
Under Bush, the U.S. trade deficit has set five straight world records, as has the U.S. trade deficit in autos, parts and trucks. So reports Charles MacMillion of MBG Services, who has for years tracked the decline and fall of American manufacturing.
For manufactured goods, our trade deficit rose to $536 billion, from $504 billion. In Bush’s six years, America has run a total tradq deficit of $2.6 trillion in manufactured goods, as 3 million U.S. manufacturing jobs have disappeared and wages in that sector have fallen 3 percent in three years.
Query to Ikenson: If these numbers represent a successful trade policy, what would a failed trade policy look like?
Recall NAFTA. In 1993, w e hud a	Mexico. Some of us w arned
it would be gone with the wind if NAFTA passed. And NAFTA did pass, through the collaboration of Clinton Democrats with Gingrich Republicans, over the opposition
of die American people.
Since 1994, we have run a trade deficit with Mexico every year. In 2006. it hit a record $60 billion. Grand total: almost $500 billion in trade deficits with Mexico since NAFTA. Mexico now exports more than 900,000 vehicles to file United States every year, while the United States exports fewer than 600.000 cars and trucks to the entire w orld.
This is success?
Where did Mexico get an auto industry? Is it good that our auto industry' is ‘being exported? Has the price of a new car plunged because Mexicans get paid a fraction of what U.S. autoworkers earn?
“In 2006, the U.S. economy grew by an additional 3.4 percent," writes Ikenson. True, and China’s economy grew by 10 percent — and by 140 percent over the last 10 years, tripling the growth in the United States. Not only are we shipping factories, technology, equipment and jobs to China, we are exporting our future to China.
Nor should this shock any student of history. For contrary to free-trade mythology, every nation that has risen to pre-eminence and power — Britain before 1860, the United States from 1860-1914, Germany from 1870-1914, postwar Japan, China today — has pursued a mercantilist or protectionist trade policy.
Economic nationalism is the policy of rising powers, free trade the policy of declining powers. For great powers have ever regarded trade as an arena of struggle in the clash of nations. It is no accident all four presidents who made it to Mount Rushmore were protectionists.
“Thank God I am not a free trader,” wrote Theodore Roosevelt. “Pernicious indulgence in the doctrine of free trade seems inevitably to produce fatty degeneration of the moral fibre.”
Think Teddy might have had a point, Mr. Ikenson?
Probably not For libertarianism is an ideology, and evidence that contradicts the dogma of an ideology is to be disregarded or denied. For the dogma cannot be wrong.
Indeed, should Ikenson awake from his dogmatic slumber and decide that free trade is failing America, he would not last long as associate director of the Cato Institute’s Center for Trade Policy Studies. The folks who fund Cato are not paving to have dogma debated, but defended. For if the dogma be untrue, then the ideology
the whole systenn	*♦*»	-	____
that.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Pat Buchanan
April 2007


Page 14
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
The	Sun Sets in the West
The Brits arc going home.
Forty thousand marched in beside the Americans. Only 7,100 remain; 1,600 will be heading home by Easter.
By August, the Danish force of 470 is to be withdrawn, as is the tiny Lithuanian unit. South Korea has 2,200 troops in the Kurdish north. Though they rarely leave base, 1,100 are to depart by August, the rest by year’s end.
The Italians are gone. The Spanish pulled out after the Madrid bombings. Ukraine’s 1,600 have departed. The Japanese have gone. Declaring the war “unjust and wrong,’’ Slovakia’s new prime minister just ordered home his country’s contingent of 110 engineers.
Only the Americans arc going deeper ip. Aussies excepted, the “coalition of the willing’’ is no longer willing.
In Afghanistan, Americans, and Brits, Canadians and Dutch fight, as Germans, French and Italians do “reconstruction.” In World War I,
France, Italy and Germany lost 4 million men. In Afghanistan and Iraq, the three together have probably not lost 50.
Prime Minister Romano Prodi resigned Wednesday, when his plan to stay in Afghanistan and enlarge a U.S. base in Italy, lest refusal be seen as “a hostile act toward the U.S.A.,” was rejected in the Senate.
Vice President Cheney hails Tony Blair’s announced withdrawal of British troops as a sign of success. Yet, he says the Pelosi-Murtha plan to withdraw U.S. troops would only “validate th<5 al-Qaida strategy.”
The White House says the British pullout is an affirmation of our partnership, but the Brits could have sent those 1,600 to Baghdad or Anbar. They did not.
The Brits are leaving with mission unaccomplished. They are being shot at and mortared every day in Basra. Tribal and Shia militias have not been disarmed. The Sunni are being ethnically cleansed from the south. Militant Shia want the Brits gone, so they can take over.
The British people are bridling at the cost in blood and money of a war that destroyed Tony Blair, who is weeks away from resigning as prime minister. One British historian said at year’s end he has never seen such levels of anti-Americanism in his country.
There is a target meaning to ait this, and Americans must come to terms with it. NATO is pacVAng it in as a world power. NATO is tittle more than a U.S. guarantee to
jj	oti/ of the fire if Europeans encounter a fight they cannot
hanate, like an insurgency in &osnia or Kosovo. MATO has one breadwinner, and 25
dependents.
At the end of the Cold War, internationalists like Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana declared, “NATO must go out of area, or go out of business.”. What Lugar meant was, with the Soviet threat lifted from Europe, NATO must shoulder more of the global burden.
But the Balkan crises of the 1990s showed that Europeans are not even up to policing their own playground. The Americans had to come in, gently push them aside and do the job. The message Europe is today sending to America, with the withdrawals from Iraq and the refusal of Italy, Germany and France to fight in Afghanistan;
“We are not going out of area again. If you Americans want to play empire, go right ahead. We will not again send our sons overseas to fight in regions of the world, from which we withdrew half a century ago. You’re on your own.”
Where does this leave NATO? This leaves NATO as little more than a U.S. guarantee to go to war for the nations of Europe, while Europeans can be freeloading critics of U.S. policy around the world.
NATO is an expensive proposition. We maintain dozens of bases and scores of thousands of troops from Norway to the Balkans, from Spain to the Baltic republics, from the Black Sea to the Irish Sea.
What do we get for this? Why do we tax ourselves to defend rich nations who refuse to defend themselves? Is the security of Europe more important to us than to Europe?
In the early years of World Wars I and II, Europeans implored us to come save them from the Germans. We did. In the early Cold War, Europeans welcomed returning Gls who stood guard in the Fulda Gap.
Now, with the threat gone, the gratitude is gone. Now, with their welfare states eating up their wealth, their peoples aging, their cities filling up with militant migrants, they want America to continue defending them, as they sit in moral judgment on how we go about it.
This isn’t an alliance. This isn’t a partnership. Time to split the blanket. If they won’t defend themselves, let them, as weaker nations have done to stronger states down through the ages, pay tribute.
Sixty years after World War II, 1S years after the Cold War, Europe’s defense should become Europe’s responsibility.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Fresh Troops — or Fresh Thinking?
Pat Buchanan
Six years after Donald Rumsfeld agreed to a second tour of duty as secretary of defense, to rebuild the military, Chief of Staff Peter Schoomaker told Congress his Army “will break” if not relieved of the present burdens. Colin Powell says the Army is “almost broken.” This week, Gen. Peter Pace, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said there is a significant risk that the United States today may be unable to respond quickly and fully to another crisis should it arise.
Howls erupted across the spectrum for more billions for more men for the Army and Marine Corps. What these revelations ought to trigger, however, are hard questions of our leaders and fresh thinking among our elites about the limits of American power and the extent of American commitments.
For, by any measure, Iraq and Afghanistan are not major wars. The United States had twice as many troops in Korea, resisting a million-man Chinese Army, and took 10 times the casualties we have taken in Iran and Afghanistan, and America was not overstretched.
We put three times as many troops in Vietnam, fought longer and took nearly 20 times the casualties we have taken in these two
insurgencies, while maintaining 300,000 troops in Europe and 40,000 in Korea. Yet, though we are spending today as much on defense as the next 10 nations combined, the U.S. Army is “about broken.”
In a National Review essay, “The Crying Need for a Bigger ,	U.S.	Military?'	ex-Sen.	James	Talent	details	what happened to
the armed forces that were Ronald Reagan’s great legacy to the nation.
“The active-duty Army was cut from 18 divisions during Desert Storm to 10 by 1994 — its size today. The Navy, which counted 569 ships in the late 1980s, struggles today to sustain a fleet of only 276. And the number of tactical air wings in the Air Force was reduced from 37 at the time of Desert Storm to 20 by the mid-1990s.”
Inheriting Reagan’s estate, Bill Clinton sold off much of it for the big party of the 1990s. But bemoaning what Clinton did yesterday does not address today’s crisis.
• What Desert Storm and the Iraq war should teach us is a simple lesson: The U.S. Army and Marines are capable of winning a small war in weeks against a middle-sized power. They are not large enough to wage a long war against a middle-sized power on the Asian continent. While they can defeat an enemy army and seize a capital, they cannot rebuild a nation. "Nor are the marginal increases in the VJ.S. Army now being proposed going to create such a capacity.
Gen. Eric Shinseki said that to defeat and occupy iraq.wouid have required two to three times the force we sent in. Yet even that would not have prevented or defeated the insurgency we face.
Most Americans realize that our mistake was not just in how the occupation was botched by Paul Bremer — failure to stop the looting, disbanding the Iraqi Army. The blunder was in attacking a nation that did not attack or threaten us, or any U.S. ally.
Before Congress decides on the enhanced size and new weaponry of the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps, we need a bottom-up review of U.S. commitments and to begin shedding them rather than adding to them, as we have done, willy-nilly, since the end of the Cold War.
Why, for example, when Congress is demanding that Iraqis take responsibility for defending their own democracy, are we not also demanding that South Korea take responsibility for defending its own democracy? Cannot the South, with twice the North’s population and an economy 40 times as large, defend itself?
And as we are not going to fight yet another land war in Asia, why not move all our forces offshore, as Gen. Mac Arthur urged in 1951?
And as Europe is richer and more populous than we, why not shift responsibility for Europe’s defense to the Europeans, and bring the U.S. troops home? This is what Eisenhower urged Kennedy to do — in 1960.
In the War Party, many wish to confront Russia and extend NATO to Ukraine and Georgia. Are Americans really going to fight Russia in the Black Sea over the Crimea, or to prevent secession of Abkhazia or South Ossetia from Georgia? What concern is that of ours?
Americans welcomed as a godsend the liberation of Eastern Europe. Yet, no president — not Truman, Ike, JFK, LBJ, Reagan — ever broke relations with Moscow when Soviets blockaded Berlin, effected the 1948 coup in Prague, crushed the Hungarian Revolution, built the Berlin Wall, snuffed out the Prague Spring or crushed Solidarity.
Now, we are willing to go to war with a Russia with thousands of atomic weapons — over Estonia. Have we lost our minds?
Before we decide how many ships, planes, guns or troops we need, let us first decide what is so vital to us that we are willing to continue having the planes come in to Dover, and the ambulances rolling in from Andrews to Walter Reed, to defend it.
And there are not many things that can justify that.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Middle American News
Page 15
To the World, the United States Is Amerika
U.S. casualties (dead and wounded) have now reached 27,000 in a war that was supposed tojbe a “cakewalk” over in a few weeks. If what four-star Gen. Wesley Clark, former supreme commander of NATO, told Amy Goodman in a March 2 interview is correct, U.S. casualties are yet in their early days.
Clark told Goodman that shortly after 9-11, he was shown a Pentagon “memo that describes how we’re going to take out seven countries in five years, starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and, finishing off, Iran.”
That sounds exactly like the' plan that neoconservative Norman Podhoretz set out in Commentary magazine.
The media have done a good job for the government of keeping the blood and gore out of the living room. Except for close friends or relatives of one of the 27,000 casualties, Americans have not been impacted by the war. They are even less aware of the consequences for Iraqis.
Every day, 100 or more Iraqi civilians are killed and 100 or more are maimed and injured. For example, on Tuesday, March 6,10 U.S. GIs died. Iraqi casualties totaled 535 — 152 killed and 383 wounded.
U.S. troops routinely kill Iraqi civilians mistakenly or from frustration, but die heavy daily casualties are the result of the civil war madf; possible by the U.S. overthrow of the Iraqi government. U.S. troops per se are not responsible for much of the daily toll, but the Bush administration. Congress and the American people are.
The March 6 toll of 535 casualties is high even for Iraq. Assume 200 casualties each day, and the result is 73,000 Iraqi casualties per year. Why does anyone in the Bush administration, in Congress or among the public believe that the United States has the right to wreck a country and be responsible for such extraordinary harm inflicted on a civilian population?
How did the “war on terror” become a-war on the Iraqi people?
We have heard every answer intelligence mistakes, incompetence and evil machination. Whichever answer we take, the killing and destruction continue.
Why?
It has recently come to light that the U.S. government has imposed an oil deal on the puppet Iraqi government that turps Iraqroi^jveOr^j^^nr^aUsl^lrm^b^^^ exploitation. George Bush and Dick Cheney have not brought Iraqis democracy, but they have stolen their oil revenues.
The profits of die military-industrial complex are soaring, and higher military budgets are being appropriated. The value of Cheney’s Halliburton stock options has not merely doubled or tripled, but multiplied by a factor of 32.
The Israel lobby sees the war as enhancing Israeli hegemony in the Middle East and making possible the completion of Israel’s theft of Palestine from Palestinians.
Thus, the three most powerful lobbies in America are the beneficiaries of the devastation of Iraq. The combined power of these lobbies makes it impossible for Congress to respond to the American people and end the war.
American politicians and administrations still cloak their motives in idealistic principles, but it has been a long time since anyone has seen any principled behavior in Washington.
Despite the unrelenting U.S. propaganda against Iran and North Korea, a March 6 poll of 28,000 people in 27 countries for the BBC World Service found that Israel, Iran and the United States, in that order, are regarded as the most
negative influences on the world. Even North Korea is regarded as a less negative influence- than America.
Japan, Canada, the European Union, France, China and India are all regarded as more positive influences on the world than the United States.
The Bush-Cheney regime has achieved this deplorable result in a mere six years.
Yet the Democrats cannot even pass a toothless resolution against committing more U.S. troops in Iraq.
Far from making Americans safe by attacking a country that posed no threat to the United States, Bush and Cheney have alarmed the Russians and the Chinese. Russian President Vladimir Putin and Gen. Yury Baluyevsky, chief of the Russian General Staff, have both warned that the Bush regime’s military aggression and drive for hegemony are setting off another arms race. Baluyevsky says that Russia might pull out of the 20-year-old Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty.
China has announced a 17.8 percent increase in its military budget for 2007.
China is America’s most important banker. How long will it fund America’s wars and trade deficit when it finds itself so threatened by America’s “leaders” that it has to accelerate its military spending?
Americans still regard themselves as the salt of the earth. But die rest of die world no longer sees Americans that way. When citizens of other countries turn their eves toward America, they see evil.
To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Paul Craig Roberts
Page 16
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Al Gore’s Recycled Doom
The ‘24 ’ Quandary
There are two men my mother has loved passionately, as her 10 children will attest. There is my father, of course, but he always had to compete (patiently) with her crush: John Wayne. Handsome, strong, brave, virtuous, charming and a red-blooded patriot, he was the complete Hollywood package in her eyes, the standard-bearer in the days when Tinseltown unashamedly, and unabashedly, championed America to the world.
All that changed with Vietnam. The lines of demarcation between good and evil were blurred — or reversed. Hollywood lurched to that extreme in the ’70s and ’80s, with “Platoon,” “Full Metal Jacket,” “Coming Home” and a raft of other releases sharply critical of American foreign policy and harsher still in their assessment of the American military.
A byproduct of the Reagan Revolution of 1980 was a renewed sense of national pride, and in some (though by no means all) entertainment circles, that theme re-emerged. On the silver screen, we saw the “Rambo” and “Missing in Action” films; on television, it emerged in series like “JAG”
After America was attacked on Sept. 11, it was clear that America again had been singled out by villains, and with it the call came for our popular culture to deliver the new heroes required to defend the nation.
Yes, the champions of moral confusion in Hollywood want to disregard those antiquated notions of good and evil, and embrace the cause of “humanity” without having to make moral judgments. But the world is more complicated than that, and there exists the public appetite for the action-hero culture, where men aspire to defend the nation’s cause with bravery and panache.
On television, the Fox show “24” stands out and has gained a passionate fan base in the post-9/11 era. Its hero* Jack Bauer, played by Kiefer Sutherland, is the ultimate action hero, a one-man army fighting terrorists. In each season, Bauer saves the world in 24 hours or less, and under those extreme circumstances, all kinds of action and violence are needed for success and survival.
But there’s a difference between action movies, often rated PG-13 or R, in which viewers drive to the theater and choose the film, and national television, which can often be encountered almost involuntarily by a casual press of the remote. The sixth season of “24” premiered on 3an. 14, but this time even otherwise supportive critics are worried that Fox has gone over the top, with plot twists so extreme and brutal that
cine concludes The network is irresponsibly falling back on the old formula.- shock for the sake of shock.
In the season premiere — which began in the family hour at 8 p.m. Eastern, not its
usual 9 p.m. start — a terrorist spreads his tools out on a table and selects a specific
• #
knife to stab into Jack Bauer’s shoulder. The hero tries to stay calm, but screams in agony when the terrorist pours alcohol over the stab wound.
Moments later, Bauer is able to escape when he pulls out the heart monitor with his teeth. He takes out his captor by biting his neck so viciously that he rips a chunk of the neck off. Bauer then spits out the flesh and frees himself. Some of the show’s fans might have been thrilled — but did it need to be so vividly gruesome, especially when youngsters are in the audience?
In the Feb. 12 episode, there was another over-the-top scene, this time with a drill. When a terrorist learns that the Americans are hot on his trail and that his time is running out, he holds a hostage against a'wall, then plunges a power drill into his back. The whirling drill bit is shown digging into the man’s skin, and then the camera hones in on the screaming face of the victim, who then falls to the floor in a pool of blood.
These kinds of intensely graphic scenes are growing more common. The Parents Television Council found that Fox’s “24” showed 67 scenes of torture in the first five seasons. To put that in its proper perspective, there were 110 torture scenes in all of primetime television between 1995 and 2001. From 2002 to 2005, the number soared to 624 torture scenes.
The controversy over the show’s graphic scenes pits the hardcore action fans against the child protectors. There is a happy medium. Take the really grisly stuff out, and put it in the theaters. If it’s a quality show — like “24” — it is unnecessary, as witnessed by its spectacular success before this year. Who knows? Maybe my mother will fall in love with Kiefer Sutherland, too.
Brent Bozell
L. Brent Bozell III is the president of the Media Research Center. To find out more about Brent Bozell III, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Al Gore may not have won the presidency (thank God), but over the last two years, he’s been given an enormous consolation prize by his friends on the left. He’s been designated as the Savior of the Planet.
First came the warm wave of supportive publicity surrounding his slide-show documentary “An Inconvenient Truth.” Katie Couric, Harry Smith and Oprah. Winfrey all touted Gore as so warm, so vulnerable and self-effacing, and his predictions so impossibly scary. Last May, Gore and Couric sat together on a sunny day in Central Park and unspooled the doom. Manhattan would be under deep water soon if we don’t take drastic measures, they warned.
Now comes another warm wave of media smooches and applause with the news of his plan for an international set of “Live Earth” concerts to promote massive government action to curb humanity’s excessive reliance on energy. Impending global doom has become such a hip cause it’s now pushed by Cameron Diaz, Jon Bon Jovi and a flock of other Hollywood astrophysicists, the homelessness issue having become passe.
Ever since the whole planet-panic kicked in around Earth Day 1970, there have been repeated predictions of impending doom, which didn’t exactly work out. When will someone in the media ever admit this?
Go back to 1989 and 1990. Instead of NBC’s Katie Couric handing the microphone over to Al Gore to lament how Manhattan’s about to go underwater, the same NBC network handed its microphone and camera crew directly to left-wing H	“Population	Bomb” author Paul Ehrlich, awarding him large
chunks of airtime to imagine America losing the nation’s capital and the entire state of Florida.
In May 1989, Ehrlich claimed, global warming was going to melt the polar ice caps, causing a flood in which “we could expect to lose all of Florida, Washington D.C. and the Los Angeles basin.... We’ll be in rising waters with no ark in sight.”
Ehrlich didn’t give a time frame, but his panicked report clearly suggested doom around the comer.
The panic was necessary to sell an extremely harsh “solution” of “enormous, rapid change.” Ehrlich commanded that to forestall doom, the world needed to cut its energy use in half over 20 years. Industrialization needed to be dragged to a*screeching halt; not only in America, but especially in the Third World. Ehrlich felt the next generation of Americans should be denied the Earth-strangling prosperity of their parents, saying the world’s ecosystems “cannot support the spread of the American lifestyle to the Third World or even to the next generation of Americans.”
Ehrlich was back on NBC in January 1990 to sell his “inconvenient truth” line again. This time, he gave a more concrete timeline. Antarctica’s ice sheets were slipping, and then “we’ll be facing a sea-level rise not of one to three feet in a century, but of 10 or 20 feet in a much shorter time. The Supreme Court would be flooded. You could tie your boat to the Washington Monument. Storm surges would make the Capitol unusable,”
It’s been almost twenty years, we never cut our energy use in half, and Florida is still above water, not to mention Washington and Los Angeles. We have yet to tie our boats to the Washington Monument. But the media are still handing over their «microphones and their accolades to panicky predictions, with no apparent expectation that anyone will ever question their accuracy in a decade or two. How many decades do we wait to question these predictions?
Despite this, too many media outlets approach global warming with a surprising arrogance, insisting that all the facts are in and that anyone who seeks to confuse the public with dissent is too harmful to be heard. CBS reporter Scott Pelley scoffed, “It would be irresponsible of us to go find some scientist somewhere” to cast doubt on the doomsayers. He went on to suggest any scientist who disagreed was probably paid off by fossil-fuel interests.
Skeptics of global warming are even being compared to Holocaust deniers. It seems that climate science isn’t the only thing leftists monstrously exaggerate.
Don’t expect that in 2027, NBC will challenge Al Gore to explain why his “climate crisis” talk of Manhattan under water never occurred, it being assumed that NBC will still be broadcasting out of New York. By then, the torch of panic will be passed on to a new generation, which will no doubt also ignore the collapsed predictions of yesteryear as they pat themselves on the back as the vanguard of planetary compassion.
L. Brent Bozell III is the president of the Media Research Center. To find out more about Brent Bozell III\ and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
Page 17
Let Them Eat Tofu!
Even right-wingers who know that “global warming” is a crock do not seem to grasp what the tree-buggers are demanding. Liberals want mass starvation and human devastation.
Forget the lunacy of people claiming to tell us the precise temperature of planet Earth in 1918 based on tree rings. Or the fact that in the ’70s liberals were issuing similarly dire warnings about “global cooling.”
Simply consider what noted climatologists A1 Gore and Melissa Etheridge are demanding that we do to combat their nutty conjectures about “global wanning.”
They want us to starve the productive sector of fossil fuel and allow the world’s factories to grind to a halt. This means an end to material growth and a cataclysmic reduction in wealth.
There are more reputable scientists defending astrology than defending “global warming,” but liberals simply announce that the debate has been resolved in their favor and demand that we shut down all production.
They think they can live in a world of only Malibu and East Hampton —with no Trentons or Detroits. It does not occur to them that someone has to manufacture the tiles and steel and glass and solar panels that go I into those “eco-friendly” mansions, and someone has to truck it all to their beachfront properties, and someone else has to transport all the workers there to build it (And then someone has to drive the fleets of trucks delivering the pachysandra and bottled water every day.)
Liberals are already comfortably ensconced in their beachfront estates, which they expect to be unaffected by their negative growth prescriptions for the rest of us. There was more energy consumed in the manufacture, construction and maintenance of Leonardo DiCaprio’s Malibu home than is needed to light the entire city of Albuquerque, where there are surely several men who can actually act. But he has solar panels to warm his house six degrees on chilly Malibu nights.
Liberals haven’t the foggiest idea how the industrial world works. They act as if America could reduce its vast energy consumption by using fluorescent bulbs and driving hybrid cars rather than SUVs. They have no idea how light miraculously appears when they flick a switch or what allows them to go to the bathroom indoors in winter — luxuries Americans are not likely to abandon because Leo DiCaprio had solar panels trucked into his1 Malibu estate.
Our lives depend on fossil fuel. Steel plants, chemical plants, rubber plants, pharmaceutical plants, glass plants, paper plants — those ran on energy. There are no Mother Earth nursery designs in stylish organic cotton without gas-heiching factories, ships and trucks,, and temperature-controlled, well-lighted stores. Windmills can’t even produce enough energy to manufacture a windmill.
Because of the industrialization of agriculture — using massive amounts of fossil fuel — only 2 percent of Americans work in farming. And yet they produce enough food to feed all 300 million Americans, with plenty left over for export. When are liberals going to break the news to their friends in Darfur that they all have to starve to death to save the planet?
“Global wanning” is the left’s pagan rage against mankind. If we can’t produce industrial waste, then we can’t produce. Some of us — not the ones with mansions in Malibu and Nashville is my guess — are going to have to die. To say we need to reduce our energy consumption is like saying we need to reduce our oxygen consumption.
Liberals have always had a thing about eliminating humans. Stalin wanted to eliminate the kulaks and Ukranians, vegetarian atheist Adolf Hitler wanted to eliminate the Jews, Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger wanted to eliminate poor blacks, DDT opponent Rachel Carson wanted to eliminate Africans (introduction to her book “Silent Spring” written by ... A1 Gore!), and population-control guru Paul Ehrlich wants to eliminate all humans.
But global wanning is the most insane, psychotic idea liberals have ever concocted to kill off “useless eaters” If we have to live in a pure “natural” environment like the Indians, then our entire transcontinental nation can only support about 1 million human beings. Sony, fellas — 299 million of you are going to have to go.
Proving that the “global warming” campaign is nothing but hatred of humanity, these are the exact same people who destroyed the nuclear power industry in this country 30 years ago.
If we accept for purposes of argument their claim that the only way the human race can survive is with clean energy that doesn’t emit carbon dioxide, environmentalists waited until they had safely destroyed the nuclear power industry to tell us that. This proves they never intended for us to survive.
“Global warming” is the liberal’s stalking horse for their ultimate fantasy: The whole U.S. will lode like Amagansett, with no one living in it except their even-tempered maids (for “diversity”), themselves and their coterie (all, presumably, living in solar-heated mansions, except the maids who will do without electricity altogether). The entire fuel-guzzling, tacky, beer-drinking, NASCAR-watching middle class with their over-large families will simply have to die.
It seems not to have occurred to the jet set that when California is as poor as Mexico, they might have trouble finding a maid. Without trucking, packaging, manufacturing, shipping and refrigeration in their Bel-Air fantasy world, they’ll be charing the rear-end of an animal every time their stomachs growl and killing small animals for pelts to keep their genitals warm.
Copyright 2007 Ann Coulter
Shooting Elephants in a Barrel
Lewis Libby has now been found guilty of petjury and obstruction of justice for lies that had absolutely no legal consequence.
It was not a crime to reveal Valerie Plame’s name because she was not a covert agent. If it had been a crime, Special Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald could have wrapped up his investigation with an indictment of the State Department’s Richard Armitage on the first day of his investigation since it was Armitage who revealed her name and Fitzgerald knew it.
With no crime to investigate, Fitzgerald pursued a pointless investigation into nothing, getting a lot of White House officials to make statements under oath and hoping some of their recollections would end up conflicting with other witness recollections, so he could charge some Republican with “petjury” and enjoy the fawning media attention.
As a result, Libby is now a convicted felon for having a faulty memory of the person who first told him that Joe Wilson was a delusional boob who lied about his wife sending him to Niger.
This makes it official: It’s illegal to be Republican.
Since Teddy Kennedy walked away from a dead girl with only a wrist slap (which was knocked down to a mild talking-to, plus time served: zero), Democrats have apparently become a protected class in America, immune from criminal prosecution no matter what they do.
As a result, Democrats have run wild, accepting bribes, destroying classified information, lying under oath, molesting interns, driving under the influence, obstructing justice and engaging in sex with underage girls, among other things.
Meanwhile, conservatives of any importance constantly have to spend millions of dollars defending themselves from utterly frivolous criminal prosecutions. Everything is illegal, but only Republicans get prosecuted.
Conservative radio personality Rush Limbaugh was subjected to a three-year criminal investigation for allegedly buying prescription drugs illegally to treat chronic back pain. Despite the witch-hunt. Democrat prosecutor Barry E. Krischer never turned up a crime.
Even if he had, to quote liberal Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz: “Generally, people who illegally buy prescription drugs are not prosecuted.” Unless they’re Republicans.
The vindictive prosecution of Limbaugh finally ended last year with a plea bargain in n/W-h i imhai&h did not admit guilt. Gosh, don't, you.feel safer now? 1 know I do.
In another prescription drug case with a different result, last year. Rep. Patrick Kennedy (Democrat), apparently high as a kite on prescription drugs, crashed a car on Capitol Hill at 3 a.m. That’s abuse of prescription drugs plus a DUI offense. Result: no charges whatsoever and one day of press on Fox News Channel.
I suppose one could argue those were different jurisdictions. How about the same jurisdiction?
In 2006, Democrat and major Clinton contributor Jeffrey Epstein was nabbed in Palm Beach in a massive police investigation into his hiring of local underage schoolgirls for sex, which I’m told used to be a violation of some kind of statute in the Palm Beach area.
The police presented Limbaugh prosecutor Krischer with boatloads of evidence, including the videotaped statements of five of Epstein’s alleged victims, the procurer of the girls for Epstein and 16 other witnesses.
But the same prosecutor who spent three years maniacally investigating Limbaugh’s alleged misuse of back-pain pills refused to bring statutory rape charges against a Clinton contributor: Enraging the police, who had spent months on the investigation, Krischer let Epstein off after a few hours on a single count of solicitation of prostitution. The Clinton supporter walked, and his victims were branded as whores.
The Republican former House Whip Tom DeLay is currently under indictment for a minor campaign finance violation. Democratic prosecutor Ronnie Earle had to empanel six grand juries before be could find one to indict DeLay on these pathetic charges — and this is in Austin, Texas (the Upper West Side with better-looking people).
That final grand jury was so eager to indict DeLay that it indicted him on one charge that was not even a crime — and which has since been tossed out by the courts.
After winning his primary despite the indictment, DeLay decided to withdraw from the race rather than campaign under a cloud of suspicion, and Republicans lost one of their strongest champions in Congress.
Compare DeLay’s case with that of Rep. William “The Refrigerator” Jefferson, Democrat. Two years ago, an FBI investigation caught Jefferson on videotape taking $100,000 in bribe money. When the FBI searched Jefferson’s house, they found $90,000 in cash stuffed in his freezer. Two people have already pleaded guilty to paying Jefferson the bribe money.
Two years later. Bush’s Justice Department still has taken no action against Jefferson. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi recently put Rep. William Jefferson on the Homeland Security Committee.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, Democrat, engaged in a complicated land swindle, buying a parcel of land for $400,000 and selling it for over $1 million a few years later. (At least it wasn’t cattle futures!)
Copyright 2007 Ann Coulter
Ann Coulter
April 2007
Page 18
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Credibility is Precious
Credibility is a precious trait, but once it is lost, it’s darned difficult to restore. That’s the main problem of the Bush administration. After the outrageously false claims about Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction, it has no credibility. Hence, its new claims that the Iranian government is supplying weapons to the insurgents in Iraq are rightly met with great skepticism.
I notice that some of the television news outlets have already fallen into the administration’s trap. In this case, the administration wants us to accept as fact that the weapons arc from Iran but argue about whether they were sent with the complicity of the government. This is an easy argument for the administration to win, since the Iranian government is tightly controlled.
But the claim that the weapons came from Iran is not an established fact. Look at the peculiar circumstances of the briefing in Baghdad on the subject. Cameras and recorders were barred. Officials conducting the briefing are to remain anonymous. No direct evidence that the weapons came ftorn Iran was presented. Instead, reporters were told that this was “inferred from other intelligence.”
One question I have that hasn’t been answered is why a mortar shell allegedly from Iran would have markings written in English. The English writing is plain to see in the photographs.
As for the claim that the U.S. has traced the serial numbers back to Iran, how does the United States have access to Iranian serial numbers? And why, presumably, were the numbers written in the system used by the West, instead of in Farsi? Part of the great fun of traveling in the Middle East on an expense account is to come home and dump a large package of receipts — all written in Arabic — on the company accountant’s desk. The glyphs used in Iran are known as East Arabic-Indic.
The administration also made much of the fact that some of these munitions were what is known as shaped charges, which are designed to penetrate heavy armor. It was implied that this was new on the battlefield. In fact, shaped charges have been around for decades. Since Saddam Hussein had the fourth-largest army in the world before our wars and sanctions, it’s dead certain that there were tens of thousands of shaped charges in the form of tank and artillery rounds in his arsenals.
Here we come back to another strategic blunder. There were so few U.S. soldiers in Iraq that we lacked the manpower to guard and dispose of all of the arsenals we found. Many of these were looted. There are two things Iraq has never been short of — weapons and people who know how to use them.
Another reason for suspicion is the timing. Claims that Iran was sending weapons to Iraq surfaced 16 months ago. The British stopped making the claims for lack of evidence. So why did the Bush administration choose this particular time to make the charge, and why did it do so in such a way as to
ensure skepticism? The way to restore credibility is to lay all the evidence out in a transparent manner and to say truthfully what is known and what is not known.
The American people must be careful not to let this administration lead them into yet another war, this time with Iran, with the same kinds of deception it used to justify the Iraq War.
Perhaps the Iranians are supplying some weapons to Shiite militias, but the Bush administration has yet to prove it.
Charley Reese
(Write to Charley Reese at P.O. Box 2446, Orlando, FL 32802) (c) 2007 by King Features Syndicate
No Privileges for Journalists
1 agree with the U.S. Supr'emc Court. The Constitution grants no privileges to journalists. The First Amendment was not written for the benefit of journalists. It describes the rights of all the people.
This is not a new position for me. A journalist is a citizen, no different from the courthouse janitor or a plumber’s helper. We have no subpoena power. We have no exemptions from the law.
Any journalist who has knowledge of a crime having been committed or about to be committed has a civic obligation to report that information to the police or prosecutors. If a journalist is
subpoenaed to testify before a grand jury or in a trial, he has the same obligation as every other citizen to tell the truth.
As for confidential sources and protecting their identities, if they have knowledge of a crime, then protecting their identities amounts to obstruction of justice. The proper use of confidential sources is to provide the reporter with information about the location of records or the right questions to ask the right people. In my reporting career, I can’t recall ever quoting an anonymous source. This practice has been greatly abused, especially in Washington. I also never agree to attend “background briefings” or “off the record” interviews. Readers have a right to know not only what is being said, but who is saying it.
For example, I was once tipped off that a campaign contributor to a local sheriff had, after the sheriff’s election, gone into the bail-bond business and was writing virtually 90 percent of the bonds. Jail authorities are not supposed to recommend a bondsman, but to merely show the arrested person a list of all those in the business. I didn’t write a story quoting an anonymous source. I went to the jail and spent eight tedious hours compiling the records of every bond written since the new sheriff took office. Once that was done, the facts spoke for themselves.
I’ve protected confidential sources from their bosses or others who might want to seek retribution, but in none of these cases was the criminal-justice system involved. As for the odious “Sullivan Rule” set by the Supreme Court, I’ve always operated as if it didn’t exist.
The Sullivan Rule was a favor granted to the establishment media during the civil-rights struggle. Prior to that rule, the only defense against a libel suit was the truth. The Sullivan Rule says that if journalists print falsehoods about a public figure, the public figure must prove not only that the information is false, but that the reporters acted with malice. Since malice is a state of mind, it’s very difficult to prove. It created the current era of cheap-shot journalism. To say that having to tell the truth would have a chilling effect is a damning indictment of the media’s lack of integrity.
It’s a legal precedent I hope will be overturned. Journalists don’t need it. Some of the greatest investigative reporting ever done was done prior to the Sullivan Rule. Public figures deserve the same protection for their reputations as private figures. As for publishing classified information, I wouldn’t. It’s against the law. If we are going to live in a society under the rule of law, rather than the whim of the powerful, then the law must be obeyed by everyone, including journalists.
Since television, journalism has been corrupted by celebrity. I don’t think journalists should be celebrities. H.L. Mencken once said that any reporter assigned to Washington should be rotated out after two years. If they stay longer, he said, they begin to think of themselves as tin-pot statesmen. That’s still true.
Where to Write
Business addresses for columnists appearing in Middle American News:
Phyllis Schlafly Copley News Service P.O. Box 120190 San Diego, California 92112-0190
Ann Coulter
Universal Press Syndicate 4520 Main Street Kansas City, Missouri 64111
Patrick J. Buchanan, L. Brent Bozell Paul Craig Roberts Creators Syndicate 5777 W. Century Blvd.
Suite 700
Los Angeles, California 90045
c) 2007 by King Features Syndicate
/
April 2007
Prosecute Drug Smugglers, Not Border Patrol Agents!
With mounting bipartisan criticism from Republican congressmen and Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., the Department of Justice has stepped up an unprecedented public relations campaign to defend its prosecution of former Border Patrol agents Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean, now serving 11- and 12-year prison terms. But new facts keep emerging to prove that this prosecution was a gross injustice.
CNN judicial expert Jeffrey Toobin described it as “one of the most unusual prosecutions I’ve ever seen ... I am baffled why this case was brought.”
So am I.
The government prosecuted Ramos and Compean criminally for acts that called only for an administrative reprimand, based the case on the testimony of an admitted drug smuggler brought back from Mexico and induced to testify by a grant of immunity, withheld crucial evidence from the jury, used the wrong law (thait carries a mandatory additional 10-year sentence), and now won’t release the transcript of the trial without which the border guards cannot appeal.
The smuggler’s reward for his testimony was immunity, U.S. medical treatment, and a government-issued border pass.
Meanwhile, the Department of Homeland Security now admits that its official lied to congressmen in claiming that Ramos and Compean had confessed, lied, destroyed evidence, and said they did not believe the smuggler was a threat. No evidence ever existed for those damaging accusations.
The government denied their freedom pending appeal and put Ramos in a prison where five criminal illegal immigrants were alleged to have severely beat him and kicked him with steel-toed work boots. Reportedly, no prison guards defended him from this attack.
The prosecutor, U.S. Attorney Johnny Sutton, claims that Ramos shot an unarmed drug smuggler in the rear end as he was running away. But the ballistics report failed to prove the bullet came from Ramos’ gun, and the medical report showed that the bullet entered the smuggler’s buttock on his side at an angle consistent with Ramos’s contention that the smuggler was turning around with what looked like a weapon in his hand.	<
Ramos and Compean didn’t believe they wounded the smuggler because he kept running and escaped across the border into a waiting vehicle. The doctor's description of the trajectory of the bullet he removed from the smuggler’s body casts doubt on the whole assumption that his wound came from shots fired by the border guards.
Sutton claims that Ramos and Compean were prosecuted because they “lied” and covered up their actions. The alleged lie was that they gave an incomplete report of their confrontation with the smuggler on Feb. 17, 2005.
But a recently released DHS memo dated May 15, 2005, shows that the two border guards did give a prompt, complete, oral report to supervisors, who actually were present at the Feb. 17, 2005 event. The supervisors decided not to make a written report.
Failing to make a written report isn’t a crime anyway. It is merely a violation of a DHS memo stating that the penalty is merely internal disciplinary action, which is not . criminal prosecution.
The big question is, why didn’t the government prosecute the drug smuggler and give immunity to the border guards (who had good service records), instead of vice versa? The smuggler admitted his illegal-drug project to a Immigration Control and Border Patrol agent before Sutton gave him immunity, and the prosecutor did not bother to investigate this drug smuggling by checking the cell phone left in the smuggler’s van, or by ordering a fingerprint search of the van until a month after it entered the United States, and even then didn’t have it done by the FBI.
• A few days before the Ramos-Compean trial began on Oct. 17,
2005, the same drug smuggler was caught bringing in a second van loaded with nearly 1,000 pounds of illegal drugs, but he was not arrested so as not to interfere with his role as star witness against the border guards. To preserve the smuggler’s credibility, U.S. District Court Judge Kathleen Cardone sealed the record about the second van so it could not be mentioned at the trial, and she put the families of the defendants under a gag order not to discuss it.
The judge also kept from the jury the smuggler’s confession that he and his friends had considered a “hunting party” to go shoot some U.S. Border Patrol agents.
The failure to release a transcript of the trial one year after the trial took place is an outrage that prevents Ramos and Compean from starting their appeal. Nor has any hearing been scheduled on the assertion by three jurors that they were coerced by the jury foreman to vote for a guilty verdict.
The longer President George W. Bush waits to remedy this injustice perpetrated by his two appointees, Sutton and Cardone, the more he convinces the public that the answer to our bafflement about this prosecution is that the Bush administration policy is to intimidate the Border Patrol from stopping the entry of illegal immigrants and illegal drugs.
Copyright 2007 Copley News Service
Phyllis Schlafly
Mils

THE \HCOVNEUlEKT 1RMTU

Page 20
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
t
U.S, Women Don’t Need the International Violence Against Women Act
Feminists have cooked up a new plan to raid the U.S. Treasury for more feminist pork. They want Congress to pass the International Violence Against Women Act.
They are using a report issued in October by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called “In-Depth Study on All Forms of Violence Against Women.” The report is said to be based on interviews with 24,000 women conducted by the World Health
Pakistan has ratified the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women. That’s the country where a tribal council ordered a young woman gang-raped to avenge her brothers crime of being seen with an unchaperoned woman from another tribe. Gang rape is common in Pakistan.
Nigeria has ratified the convention: That’s a country where women are stoned to
Organization.
Who better to introduce the act than Sen. Joe Biden, D-Del., the leading advocate of ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women? Biden never saw a U.N. treaty or a radical feminist spending bill that he didn’t like.
The WHO report asserts that one in three of the world’s women, in some countries as many as 70 percent, experience violence in their lifetime, usually from their own partner, which is the rationale for calling it domestic violence. I’m surprised feminists don’t claim 100 percent, because “violence” is broadly defined to include nonphysical “psychological and economic” actions.
Biden says the “statistics are appalling.” Indeed they are. But it doesn’t follow that the solution is the U.N. “In-Depth” report’s demand for “consultation with women’s groups” with “adequate funding streams” to develop “international standards” for all nations.
A new feminist front group called the Women’s Edge Coalition is partnering with Amnesty International U.S. to lobby for congressional passage of International Violence Against Women Act, which would create millions of dollars of feminist pork. The act’s stated mission is to carry out a campaign of policy advocacy and education, consulting with dozens of U.S organizations, grass-roots organizing, and working with strategic media partners (i.e., getting the media to do their propagandizing).
You can bet that a primary purpose of International Violence Against Women Act money will be to lobby the U.S. Senate for ratification of the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women so that its U.N. monitoring committee can force U.S. compliance-with feminist goals. That agenda includes everything from requiring unlimited abortion rights to rewriting schoolbooks to
death for the crime of adultery. Islamic law, called shariah, calls for death to women who commit adultery, but a lesser punishment for adulterous men.
I^Saudi Arabia has ratified the convention. That’s the country where 14 girls died inside a Mecca school that went up in flames. Religious police kept rescuers from entering the building because some of the girls were not wearing their head coverings.
Colombia has ratified the convention. That’s a country where thousands of women a year are sold into sex slavery. Similar outrages take place in India, Nepal and Thailand, which have also ratified the convention.
All these countries are eligible to sit on the convention’s monitoring committee of 23 “experts” who monitor “progress” and order compliance. All U.N. projects to improve the lot of women follow the feminist model: Break up the family, force women into the work force, and send kids to day care.
The International Violence Against Women Act is based on the lie that violence against women is the same problem in all countries. Many non-Western countries have social norms that justify abuse (such as genital mutilation, forced marriage, and * polygamy), and “international standards” would vastly diminish the rights and benefits U.S. women now enjoy.
U.S. women are the most privileged class of people on the face of the earth. That’s because we are the beneficiaries of the Judeo-Christian civilization, including the requirement in the Ten Commandments to honor mothers and the Christian religion that honors the Virgin Mary and respects women.
Mark Steyn presents a good idea in his new book called “America Alone: The End of the World as We Know It” (Regnery, $28). Because the majority of women in European battered women’s shelters are Muslim, he suggests that a serious push for women’s rights in the Islamic world could destabilize Islamic regimes such as Iran.
Phyllis Schlafly
eliminate .w-calied “stereotypes” and gender-specific references.
Our senators are taunted with the assertion that the United States should be embarrassed because 185 countries have ratified the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, while the United States has not. I’m glad the Senate so far has had the good sense to reject a treaty that fraudulently makes naive people believe it will improve the lot of U.S. women.
Phyllis Schlafly is a lawyer, conservative political analyst and the author of the newly revised and expanded “Supremacists ” She can be contacted by e-mail at phyllis@eagleforum, org.
© 2007 Copley News Service
AFTER we REMCNEL ' yckjrbrnn
MOMMY ANU>
DADDY, I WANT TOBEJUSTUKt BRITNEY OR PARIS OR LINDSAY -ORANNAtNlC0LE....fl|
CELEBRITY
WORSHIP
THE HUMAN SACRIFICE
April 2007
VIEWPOINT
Middle American News
Page 21
President Opens Border to Mexican Trucks
Our federal and state highways and bridges are among America’s great assets; they enable us to drive freely and safely all over the country, and they belong to all ot us, paid for by our taxes. But they are expensive assets; they require maintenance, repair and expansion due to rising population and traffic.
Anyone who does much driving on our highways in ordinary sedans knows how crowded with big trucks the highways already are. President George W. Bush’s latest concession to Mexico is to allow Mexican trucks for the first time to have open access to all our highways, roads and bridges.
It is painful to note that the Bush administration is less protectiveH of U.S. interests than the late, untamented administration of former president Bill Clinton. To his credit, Clinton kept Mexican trucks off U.S. highways except for a 25-mile commercial zone immediately north of the border.
U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary E. Peters went to El Paso,
Texas, to announce that for the first time, starting in April, 100 Mexican trucking companies will be allowed to make deliveries anywhere in the United States, and she put no limit on the number of trucks the 100 companies can operate. This is a major step toward Bush’s vision of a North American community.
To find out why the Bush administration ignores the comfort and safety of ordinary U.S. drivers, just follow the money. Big corporations are eager to have their made-in-Mexico-by-cheap-labor products delivered in the United States by Mexican drivers, who are paid 33 to 40 percent less than U.S. truckers.
Bush will never face the voters again, but other Republicans will pay the price for his coziness toward Mexico and his elitist disregard for American workers. Even the Wall Street Journal, an enthusiastic supporter of the movement of goods, services and people, legal or illegal, across the U.S.-Mexico border, admits that rising public opinion against the importation of cheap labor “helped propel Democrats to take back Congress in November.”
The jobs issue will be even bigger in 2008, and the cost to Republicans even more damaging.
The problem is not only the AJ .S. taxpayers will subsidize, and not even the crowding of the roads that will make driving less pleasant for us all, but it’s worry about safety. That concern is real, even if | you don’t buy Teamsters President Jim Hoffa’s statement, “They are playing a game of Russian roulette on American’s highways.”
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff assures us he is “committed to retaining a high level of security and safety standards under this program.” But we are entitled to disbelieve his promise; Michael Chertoff is impudently repudiating
Congress’s Secure Fence Act and the president’s much photographed pre-election signing of the Act.
Del Rio, Texas, Mayor Efrain Valdez boasted on Feb. 22 that “Secretary Chertoff stated publicly after the meeting (with Texas border rtlayors) that Texas doesn't need a fence.”
Maybe Chertoff will give us “virtual” safety standards like the “virtual fence” he sometimes talks about. At the present time, only about 2 percent of trucks coming
across the border are inspected, so drug dealers consider it a cost of doing business that a few of their illegal loads will be caught.
U.S. truck drivers must meet strict requirements that include enforcement of hours, regular physicals, age limits, and drug and alcohol tests. We have no way of telling how many hours Mexican truck drivers have been on the road before they reach our border inspectors.
Mexico has no limits on how many hours a driver can drive a truck, and no credible drug testing of drivers. The Mexican trucking industry, with few exceptions, has never successfully been monitored, much less supervised.
National Transportation Safety Board member Deborah A.P. Hersman doubts that we have the personnel to take on the additional work of sending inspectors to Mexico. She says we already lack enough inspectors to conduct safety reviews of at-risk domestic carriers.
Over the last several years, there have been many fatal accidents caused by cars and trucks driven by Mexicans, legal and illegal. The most tragic and costly truck accident in Midwest history, resulting in the incineration of Rev. Scott Willis’ six children in 1994, was caused by a Mexican truck driver’s inability to comprehend warnings in the English language.
Secretary Peters claims Mexican drivers will be able to understand English, but we are entitled to doubt Bush’s enforcement of the English-language regulation. Mexican drivers unfamiliar with our roads and signage, plus language incompatibility, are a„ danger to all driving Americans.
Phyllis Sch/afly is a lawyer, consen’ative political-analyst and the author of the newly revised and expanded “Supremacists." She can he contacted by e-mail at phyllis@eagleforum. org.
© 2007 Copley News Service
Phyllis Schlafly
America Extinguished
Mass Immigration and the Disintegration of American Culture
A blockbuster collection by the late Sam Francis
JAM-PACKED WITH POLITICAL INSIGHTS YOU CAN7 FIND ANYWHERE ELSE.
Men's what you’ll Mnd Inside:
The real purpose of diversity tIt’s not about fairness), page 34
Mexico’s plans to Influence policy through Immigrants, page 49
The Republican plan to discriminate against white candidates, page 82
How unions betrayed U.S. workers to help Immigrants, page 121
Why corporations want the
U.S. to Import poverty, page 166
and much, much more!
America
Extinguished:
Mass Immigration and the
Disintegration of American Culture


amuel T. Francis
Paperback, 215 pages Published In 2002 for $6.95 each, now only $5,001
RUSH YOUR ORDER TODAY!
Please send me_______copy(ies) of America Extinguished by
Sam Francis. Shipping is Free!
1 copy - $5.00; 2-19 copies - $4.00 each; 20 copies -- $2.50 each
□
My check or money order for $
Is enclosed.
□ Charge my Visa or Mastercard number:
__/_/__/_/ -_/__/_/__/- _/_/_/_>___/__/_/__/
Exp. Date:_/_ Signature	_____________
Cardholder’s Telephone #_
Please make checks payable to M.A.News. Please allow up to 3 weeks for delivery.
MHMHE
AMERICAN
Middle American News Book Department
P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619
Name.
Address
Cltv
State
-Zip.
VIEWPOINT
Middle American News
Page 23
Dumbing-Down of America
By Patrick Buchanan
Fifty years ago this October, Americans were jolted by the news that Moscow, one year after drowning the Hungarian Revolution in blood, had put an 80-pound satellite into Earth orbit.
In December, the U.S. Navy tried to replicate the feat. Vanguard got four feet off the ground and exploded, incinerating its three-pound payload. America was humiliated. Khrushchev was Man of the Year. Some of us yet recall the Vanguard newsreels and the humiliating laughter.
Stunned, America went to work to improve education in math and science, and succeeded. The Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) scores of high school seniors began to rise, reaching a high in 1964.
However, test scores for high school students have been falling now for 40 years. In 1984, the Reagan administration issued “A Nation at Risk,” documenting the deterioration of American public education.
More trillions of dollars were thrown at the problem. And if one judged by the asserted toughening up of courses and rising grades of seniors, it appeared we had made marvelous progress. On March 4, The Washington Times reported:
“In 2005, 17-percent of graduates had completed a ‘standard’ curriculum, 41 percent completed a ‘midlevel’ curriculum, and 10 percent completed a ‘rigorous’ curriculum. Fifteen years earlier, the percentages were 9 percent (standard), 26 percent (midlevel) and 5 percent (rigorous). Grade point averages (GPA) increased, as well. The average overall GPA increased from 2.68 in 1990 to 2.98 (virtually a B level) in 2005.
However, it is all a giant fraud, exposed as such by the performances of high school seniors on the National Assessment of Educational Progress exams known as the “nation’s report card.” An NAEP test of 12th-grade achievement was given to what The New York Times called a “representative sample of 21,000 high school, seniors attending 900 public and private schools from January to March 2005.?
What did the tests reveal?
I — Since 1990, the share gf students lacking even basic reading skills has risen by a third, from 20 percent to 27 percent. |	*
— Only 35 percent of high school seniors have reached a “proficient” level in reading, down from 40 percent.
Only ^^^^^^^Mac^n^^ercen^^lisnam^tudem^ia^^che^^^ proficient level in reading.
- — Among high school seniors, only 29 percent of whites, ID percent of Hispanic students and 6 percent of black students were proficient in math.
V This is only the half of it. Among the kids whose test scores on reading and math were not factored in were the 25 percent of white students and 50 percent of black and Hispanic kids who had dropped out by senior year.
Factor the dropouts back in, and what the NAEP test suggests is that, of black kids starting in first grade, about one in eight will be able to read at the level of a
high school senior after 12 years, and one in 33 will be able to do the math. Among Hispanic kids, one in 10 will be able to read at a high-school senior level, but only one in 20 will be able to do high-school math.
Yet, as columnist Steve Sailor writes on VDare.com, the Bush-Kennedy No Child Left Behind Act mandates “that all children should reach a proficient level of academic achievement by 2014.”
We’re not going to make it. We’re not even going to come close.
Why are so many Americans ignorant of the depths of failure of so many schools? As Sailor explains, it is due to government deceit.
“Not surprisingly, practically ever single state cheats in order to meet the law” mandating a rising academic proficiency.
“For example, Mississippi... recently declared that 89 percent of its fourth-graders were at least ‘proficient’ in reading.
“Unfortunately, however, on the federal government’s impartial National Assessment of Education Progress test, only 18 percent of Mississippi students were ‘proficient’ or ‘advanced.’”
Hence, a huge slice of the U.S. educational establishment is complicit in a monstrous fraud that, if you did it in business, would get you several ^ears at the nearby minimum security facility.
This is corruption. Teachers are handing out grades kids do not deserve. States are dumbing-down tests to make themselves look good. Voters are being deceived about how much kids are learning.
There is no real moral distinction between what teachers and educators are doing on a vast scale and what professional athletes do on a smaller scale when they take steroids to enhance performance. %
As The Washington Times noted, according to the Digest of Education -Statistics, spending for public education, in constant (inflation-adjusted) dollars, rose from $6,256 a year per student before “A Nation at Risk”, to *$ 10,464 in the 2002-2003 school year. Taxpayers have thus raised their annual contribution to education! by a full two-thirds in real dollars in a quarter century. More than generous.
Under George W. Bush, U.S. Department of Education funding has risen 92 percent in six years, from $35.5 billion in 2001 to $68 billion in 2007. Sinking test scores are what we have to show for it.
Taxpayers are being lied fo and swindled by the education industry, which has failed them, failed America and flunked its assignment — and should be expelled for cheating.
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE INC.
April 2007