
Published Ale
^sge2	Middle American News . _ rii	-	-	—----
Rush administration veers left* takes aim at street cops
Ashcroft Launches Crusade Against Police ‘Racial Profiling ’
Ashcroft wants cops to record the race of every person they stop. To avoid charges of racism, cops will need to enforce traffic laws with an eye on race quotas. Racial profiling accusations against cops have already provided new grounds for releasing accused criminals.
Following calls from President George W. Bush and the radical Congressional Black Caucus. Attorney General John Ashcroft denounced the police use of race in criminal profiling and called on Congress to enact legislation to collect profiling data or "I'll simply launch a study of my own...**
The conservative Missouri Republican appeared to endorse charges by the ACLU and black and Hispanic ethnic advocacy groups that white police arc unfairly targeting minorities through the use of what journalists call "racial profiling." Ashcroft said collecting information nationally on police behavior "is an issue of such importance and magnitude that we should proceed with it to make sure that we do what’s necessary to correct any abuse and to inventory the nature of this problem." he said.
Ashcroft's announcement came after he met with members of the Black Caucus.
"We asked him to get something done in six months,** said left-wing Rep. Juanita Millender-McDonald. D-CA. "The CBC means business. We’re not here to placate,” she said.
Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-MD, the group's vice chairman, said that racial profiling was the "number one issue” of the caucus. The CBC vociferously opposed Ashcroft’s nomination, joining a nationwide coalition of federally-funded left-wing groups to mobilize grassroots pressure on file Senate. Nearly every Democrat in the Senate voted against him. t In January, Black Caucus members tried to prevent the seating of Florida 9s presi-
dential electors by disrupting proceedings of the electoral college with illegal challenges. Some members, such as Rep. Maxine Waters, D-CA, have called Bush’s presidency "illegitimate.**
Nevertheless, GOP leaders are implementing what they call "outreach” to black political leaders. The GOP hopes to make inroads among black voters even though they voted against Bush by ratios of greater than 9 to 1.
Soon after taking office, President Bush said "racial profiling” was wrong and vowed to end it, calling on Ashcroft to take the lead.
Racial profiling is a derogatory term to describe the long-standing police tactic of making traffic stops or questioning individuals whose behavior and appearance gives law enforcement reason to believe that further investigation could reveal criminal activity. Many factors, such as age, gender, and race, are used in police profiling practices. Since young men commit most crime, for example, elderly women less frequently raise police suspicions. Race or ethnicity is sometimes taken into account because blacks and Hispanics commit disproportionately more crimes than whites or Asians. Federal Border Patrol agents are likely to suspect Hispanics rather than whites when trying to catch smugglers of illegal aliens
from Mexico.
The far left American Civil Liberties Union and alien advocacy groups have filed civil rights suits in an effort to stop police interdiction of alien smuggling operations. They say that suspecting Hispanics more than other groups in illegal alien smuggling is "racism.”
The NAACP won a major victory against police in New Jersey in recent years after the head of the state police recited the findings of federal Drug Enforcement Administration that showed certain ethnic groups were more likely than others to be involved in some types of drug crimes. He was quickly fired by Republican Gov. Christine Todd Whitman who vowed to end normal police drug interdiction efforts that relied on federal crime statistics. As a result, New Jersey state Attorney General John J. Farmer, Jr., dropped drug charges against 128 minority suspects because they said they were victims of racial profiling. Farmer said he was setting them free even though he believed they were criminals, and announced that police officers who used race as a factor in their suspicions of the accused would be investigated and fired.
Collecting data on police traffic stops will require local cops to record the race or ethnicity of every motorist they stop. Po-
lice who wish to avoid being charged with racism will have to engage in what critics call "reverse affirmative action,” by making sure enough white "suspects” are included in the logs to achieve a crude racial balance.
"What is going to happen is that departments are going to start calculating their stops and say, 1 well, I stopped X amount of blacks, so now I have to stop X amount of whites’ to balance it out,” says Sheriff A.J. Johnson of Eagle County, Colorado.
But Ashcroft says equality must prevail.
"I have long believed that to treat people solely on the basis of their race was a violation of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution,” Ashcroft said. But the attorney general announced no intentions to seek overturning race-based school busing orders by federal judges, nor has he sought to end anti-white affirmative action policies.
Left-wingers and ethnic advocacy groups are happy with Ashcroft’s plan.
"We are very pleased with what we’ve heard so far,” said Hilary Shelton, director of the NAACP’s Washington, D.C., office.
Left-wing Rep. John Conyers, D-MI, who first introduced legislation in the House to collect national traffic stop data, agreed.
"It is gratifying to me that the attorney general has taken a step toward developing a federal policy to study racial profiling. For too many years, the Republican controlled Congress has blocked my legislation on this matter," he said.
Capitol Hill GOP Losing Interest in Probing Clinton’s Pardons
Reason to Smile: President Bill Clinton may gat away with his suspicious pardons.
After escaping impeachment for perjury and obstruction of justice and avoiding criminal prosecution for his involvement in illegal campaign donations from Communist China, former President Bill Clinton is also likely to get off scot-free after granting questionable pardons and clemency to left-wing terrorists, a fugitive billionaire, and other friends and political associates convicted of crimes ranging from drug dealing, theft, and sex with minors.
Republicans on Capitol Hill say they are losing interest in investigating Bill Clinton’s last-minute pardons for politically-connected felons, even though at least two principals in the suspicious deals have already declined to testify for fear of revealing their crimes.
"We have other fish to fry. I don’t think you will hear much more of this,” Rep. Ray LaHood, R-/L, told the Washington Times.
Other conservative GOPers agree. ^ "I think we have so many more important tKihgrie-dusker worry about Bill Clinton” said Rep. Roy Blum, R-MO. "1 think most members are focused on work that needs to be done today.”
"I've not focused on it at all,” chimed Rep J. D. Hayworth, R-AZ.
Even President George W. Bush has urged his party and the Congress to "move on," and so has Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-MS.
However, a spokesman for Rep. Dan
Burton, R-IN, chairman of the Government Reform Committee that is investigating the pardon scandal, says the committee’s work will continue, though at a lower profile. Committee staffer Mark Corallo said "the
intensity of the investigation remains constant,” but that media interest has fallen off.
He said after the committee collects more information about the pardons, "then we will make a decision on the next step...” Both Denise Rich, ex-wife of pardoned fugitive billionaire financier Marc Rich, and Beth Dozoretz, fund-raiser for the Democrat National Committee, invoked their Fifth Amendment rights to decline testifying on matters that could expose them to criminal prosecution for their role in obtaining a pardon for fugitive Rich. Ms. Rich had donated $450,000 to the Clinton Library, and more to the Democrat Party.
Clinton himself also declined to explain his pardons, refusing an invitation from Sen. Arlen Specter, R-PA, to testify before a Senate Judiciary Committee panel. Specter, who refused u> vote to convict Clinton at the impeachment trial, erroneously said he thought the former president would voluntarily appear.
"I think as the facts build up, the president is evaluating it and may be inclined to come in,” he explained optimistically to ABC’s This Week show.
GOP leader Sen. Lott, who was anxious to dispose of impeachment proceedings as quickly as possible, is against forcing Clinton to explain himself.
"I don’t think we should get into trying force him to appear before the committee,” he said.
Although Clinton's pardon of Rich garnered the most public scrutiny, Clinton also pardoned other felons with close financial and ideological ties to the Clintons and Democrat Party officials, including former Rep. Mel Reynolds, D-IL, a thief and gun-ban protege of Sen. Charles Schumer and Rev. Jesse Jackson; Dorothy Rivers, a convicted thief and former top aide to Jackson; Susan Rosenberg, a radical left-wing terrorist who supplied explosives for a criminal gang that killed police and robbed banks; and assorted drug dealers whose friends and relatives contributed substantial sums to the Democrats.
Clinton's 140 last-minute ptuduns are supposedly being investigated by Democrat U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White in New York. She is a Clinton appointee.
After President Clinton took office in 1992, he fired all the Republican U.S. attorneys ami appointed Democrats in their place.
April 2001
Middle American News
Page 3
Other Pardons: A Terrorist and a Thief
A left-wing terrorist caught with 780 pounds of dynamite and a Democrat fund-raiser who stole $1.2 million both got clemency from Bill Clinton. Two radical congressmen helped get their freedom.
Although President Bill Clinton's pardon of fugitive billionaire Marc Rich received the most media attention, outrage over two other beneficiaries of his transparently ideological generosity got little attention in the nation's corporate press.
One of those who received clemency is the radical 60's-era Weatherman underground terrorist Susan Rosenberg. The other is Dorothy Rivers, a former top aide to Rev. Jesse Jackson, who went to prison for stealing SI .2 million from funds earmarked to help pregnant teens and handicapped children.
Rosenberg has a long history of criminal terrorist activity for left-uing causes. She was accused by police of helping plan the robbery of a Brink's truck in 1981 and driving the get-away car. During the robbery, which was to finance terrorist groups like the Puerto Rican FALN, two police were killed. Police also wanted her for helping the 1979 escape of convicted cop-killer and black revolutionary Joanne Chesmiard. Rosenberg eluded arrest for years, but was finally caught while unloading 780 pounds of dynamite and several submachine guns from a public storage facility in New Jersey.
She was sentenced to 58 years behind bars, but terrorist sympathizer Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-NY, intervened on her behalC asking Clinton for clemency. Clinton had already demonstrated a soft spot in his heart for left-wing violence when in 1999 he surprised police by commuting the sentences of
several FALN terrorists.
Nadler, who casually refers to Republicans as “fascists,” is a strong supporter of mass immigration and legislation to strip Americans of the right to own firearms.
Friends and relatives of the two policemen killed in the Brink’s robbery expressed shock and dismay at Clinton’s clemency for Rosenberg, but their outrage went unnoticed by the corporate media.
“I live with this every day, seeing my children grow up without their father,” said the widow of one of the murdered policemen. “I cannot imagine the thought of a terrorist being released...”
The clemency Clinton gave to thief and Democrat Party loyalist Dorothy Rivers was equally shocking to the prosecutors and investigators who spent months trying to convict her.
Rivers, who was executive director of the non-profit Chicago Mental Health Foundation and an aide to Rev. Jesse Jackson *s Rain-bow/PUSH Coalition, was found
guilty in 1997 of stealing SI .2 million in government grants. She was originally charged with 40 counts of fraud, theft, tax evasion and obstruction of justice.
Prosecutors said she used the cash to buy a $35,000 fur coat, clothes for her boyfriend, landscaping, a record company, and a Mercedes Benz. She also hired a chauffeur, threw extravagant par-
ties, made mortgage payments on a six-unit apartment building, and gave political donations to Democrats with the money.
“She never showed any remorse. In fact, she never actually admitted her guilt and even said in court she never intended to plead guilty. She was not an appropriate candidate for clemency, and there is no good reason why she got it,” said an exasperated former investigator.
Prosecutors said the actual amount she stole was closer to $5 million.
One reason she got clemency was the request by a former Black Panther who is now a House Member. Radical left-wing Rep. Bobby Rush, D-IL, an ideological and party comrade of Rep. Nadler, asked Clinton to free her promptly.
Rush said Rivers had been a loyal worker for Rev. Jackson and himself, and he urged her “prompt release” because she was a fund-raiser for the Chicago Democrats and had been an alternate delegate to the 1992 Democrat convention where Clinton was nominated.
Rivers had faced a 10-year sentence, but received the lightest punishment possible — just five years and 10 months. With help from the Black Panther and Clinton, she spent only about 3 years in jail.
American Elites Got Pardons for Pals
As Bill Clinton handed out pardons, some of America’s biggest names were standing in line with their hpnds out The beneficiaries were drug dealers, terrorists, thieves, and a major fugitive.
The people who got pardons or clemency from President Bill ClflKon in the very last hours of his last day in office were criminals with wealthy and influential friends.
Rock stars, media celebrities, wealthy Democrat contributors, and members of Congress were among the elites bending Clinton’s ear on behalf of jailed friends and associates.
Former President Jimmy Carter lobbied for the pardon Clinton granted to kidnapped bank robber Patty Hearst, and former President Gerald Ford urged# pardon for his long-time House colleague, former Rep. Dan Rostcnkowski, convicted of diverting government funds.
Rock musician Don Henley, formerly with the group fcupertramp, successfully lobbied to get clemency for a man who
conducted an illegal gambling business.
Influential left-wing historian Arthur Schlesinger, who defended Clinton by arguing that Congress did not have authority to impeach him, succeeded in his lobbying effort to pardon Samuel Loring Mori son, a former Naval intelligence analyst convicted of leaking classified satellite photos.
Left-wing Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-NY, lobbied to free an ideological soulmate, convicted radical terrorist Susan Rosenberg.
Former Israeli head of state Ehud Barak called Clinton to convince him to pardon billionaire financial speculator Marc Rich, who
was sixth on the Justice Department’s Ten Most Wanted list. King Juan Carlos of Spain also called to urge a pardon for Rich.
Even left-wing newscaster and world government booster Walter Cronkite and Lady Bird Johnson got into the act, requesting a pardon for an Austin banker convicted of taking kickbacks. Clinton granted their request.
Former Clinton-appointed Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy helped get pardons and clemency for seven people convicted in a pay-for-favors lobbying scheme involving the Agriculture Department when Espy was secretary.
NEWSBRIEFS
The New Panacea
In the 19th century, Herbert Spencer and other commercialist ideologues insisted that trade ties would create “interdependence” among nations and therefore prevent war. Even though World Wars I and II proved them wrong, U.S. elites continue to regard increased trade — free trade in particular — as a miracle drug that cures all sorts of social and political evils. Right-wingers at the Heritage Foundation, for example, argue that most-favored-nation trade status with Beijing’s Communists will trigger a burst of freedom and the overthrow of tyranny in China. And conservative Republicans in Congress joined forces with Bill Clinton to adopt NAFTA, which they said would spark a boom in Mexico’s economy and end illegal immigration. Now comes Colombia’s President Andres Pastrana who wants a hemispheric “Free Trade Area of the Americas,” that he says will stop illegal drug trafficking. In remarks to the National Governors Association during his February U.S. visit,
Pastrana even argued that free trade will end Latin America’s perpetual guerrilla wars. “Convincing guerrillas to lay down their arms, and getting peasants to move from coca cultivation into the legitimate economy, means we have to create jobs for tens of thousands of Colombians,” he said in support of the new supra-national regionalism. One day, no doubt, elites will argue that free trade cures the common cold.
Justice, Powell-Style
The U.S. State Department under Colin Powell, the first black secretary of state, is considering a grant of immunity to protect black racist strongman Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe from a lawsuit filed by the families of two Zimbabweans killed by Mugabe’s henchmen. One of the plaintiffs is Maria Stevens, widow of white fanner David Stevens who was
kidnapped by Mugabe's political associates, beaten,
drink diesel oil and shot. The families are seeking $68 million from Mugabe for inciting the murders and orchestrating a campaign to deprive Zimbabweans of their human rights. The suit was filed under the Alien Tort Claims Act, a 200 year-old law that permits foreigners to file civil charges in the U.S. for crimes that violate international law. Similar lawsuits have been brought by left-wingers against Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, and Gen. Hector Gramajo of Guatemala.
In February the State Department informed the families that it favored granting Mugabe’s official request for immunity from the suit.
Amending the Constitution by Stealth
Don’t hold your breath waiting for the U.S. Supreme Court to uphold the plain and clear language of the 2nd Amendment. In February the high court refused to consider a challenge to California’s “assault weapons” ban. (The law doesn’t really “ban” guns; they continue to exist It merely bans the right to own them.) The law authorizes the state attorney general to add any other guns to the banned list whenever he wants, as long as he gets permission from a judge. Thus, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed, except by the state attorney general from time to time as he sees fit.
The Local Zoo
In 1998, local elites talked the voters of Hamilton County, Ohio, into approving a county-wide tax to supply the Cincinnati Zoo with about $6 million a year ostensibly to take care of animals. Early this year, an audit of the zoo discovered that employees used the taxpayers' money to pay for lunches at Hooters, gifts for visiting “dignitaries,” and fancy trips to New York, Houston, Orlando, and even a visit to Malaysia where they stared at rhinos.
Continued on page 4
April iOOt
K4
Moon American News
NEWSBRIEFS
Census Findings: Number of Illegal Aliens Are Double Official Estimates
Continued from page 9
Dtvendty is Selma
Whites, who occupy only three of nine city council seats m Selma, Alabama, are learning that diversity means the end of their heritage. The council voted last month to remove a statue of Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forest that had stood outside a city-owned museum. It was placed there by the town's white minority because the building was used as a Confederate hospital during the War Between the States. The statue had been vandalized repeatedly by multiculturalists, and marchers in a Martin Luther King Day parade tried to overturn it. “We need to move forward for the sake of peace and unity in Selma.** said Councilwoman Nancy Sewell. “We need to move this monument so we can live together for the benefit of this beautiful historic city.”
No Accounting for Taste
As statues and symbols of the Old South are removed from public view, new ones celebrating the ascendent elites are replacing them, revealing — among other things — dramatic differences in taste between die old and new elites.
In Savannah, Georgia, for example, the city council approved meting | statue that depicts a family of black slaves in an embrace as they stand amid broken chains at their feet. The proposed inscription bears the crude words of pomographer-poet Maya Angelou: “We were stolen, sold, and brought together from the African continent. We got on the slave ships together. We Jay back to belly in the holds of the slave ships in each other's excrement and urine together, sometimes died together, and our lifeless bodies thrown overboard together.” Some find the inscription inspiring.
Buddha Yes, Confederates No
The U.S. joined the U.N. in denouncing the destruction of old Buddhist statues by Afghanistan's Muslim fundamentalist rulers, the Taliban. President George W. Bush’s state department spokesman. Richard Boucher, said the ancient statues of Buddha are “an important part of the world’s cultural legacy and the cultural heritage of Afghanistan. The United States joins ... other governments in urging a halt to the destruction by the Taliban of a significant aspect of Afghan’s cultural heritage “ Afghanistan’s top honcho, Mullah Mohammed Omar, says the two old, hundred-foot Buddhas chiseled into mountainside* are “offensive” to Islam. President Bush’s concern for Buddhist statues in someone else’s country comes less than a year after he, while governor of Texas, ordered workers to sandblast the Confederate battle flag off a plaque on the Texas Supreme Court building.
Embarrassed Gan Banners
The petty tyrants at Handgun Control, Inc., made fools of themselves in the aftermath of the shootings at Santana High School in Santee, California, last month. Even before all the details of the horror were known, gun ban honcho Sarah Brady issued a prepared statement claiming that “we can prevent such tragedies from happening*’ by adopting HCI remedies. Brady called for mandatory storage laws, gun show restrictions, and holding adults liable for the gun crimes of minors. The NRA pointed out that those measures “are already law in California, would have had no effect on the (cnvncj, or had absolutely no relation to the Santana shooting whatsoever.** California already holds adults responsible for
Continued next peg#
Middle American News Published monthly by American Policy Institute, Inc p. O. Box 20608 Raleigh* Ninth Carolina 21619
G
recycl	led paper
ixic ini	l used
priAtifi	
Illegal aliens number as many as 13 million, according to analysis of Census figures by population experts. That means at least one of every 25 persons in the U.S. is here Illegally.
New data from the Census Bureau shows that illegal aliens arc flooding into the U.S. at dramatically higher rates than anyone ever really knew, helping drive down wages for low and unskilled workers, and clogging U.S. schools and welfare and health care systems.
The Los Angeles Times reported last month that census figures show illegal aliens in the U.S. are twice the number once thought, at least 11 million and probably more, compared with previous official estimates of just 6 million from the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
That means that one of every 25 people in the U.S. is here illegally. About 40 percent of the illegals live in California.
“We’ve been putting up portable [classrooms] after portable, after portable, and we’re still not keeping up” with the flood of new immigrants, said Harold Martin of the Anaheim Union High School District in California.
Elites who profess surprise appear thrilled at the news.
“It looks like 5 million illegal immigrants were here that we didn't know about — maybe more — and it wasn’t the end of the world,” said Everett M. Ehrlich, undersecretary for economic affairs in the Clinton administration. “And what if we didn’t have them? How could we have gotten by without them?” he told the Times.
Statisticians with the Census Bureau say they expected to find that the U.S. population had risen to 275 million. But census workers actually counted 281 million. When the bureau adjusted to account for people they know they missed, the number rose to 285 million.
“The population increased more than we expected it to...[We knew] the problem would be somewhere in the immigration
numbers,” said John Long, chief of the bureau’s population division.
Paul Harrington, a population expert at Northeastern University in Boston, told the Times that he calculates that the census missed about 7 million illegal aliens, which he called a conservative estimate. His figures show that illegal aliens in the U.S. total roughly 13 million, or 4.6 percent of the entire U.S. population.
Officials worry what will happen if the economy weakens significantly. Wages for unskilled American workers and high school dropouts have already fallen dramatically.
Martin told the Times that companies might lay off citizens before lower-wage illegals to save on salaries and unemployment benefits.
Middle Americans Losing Ground in 21st Century Demographic Trends
M Immigrants and their offspring accout for more than two-thirds of U.S. population growth
m U.S. population is 285 million, exceeding demographers' expectations
m Non-whites will be U.S. majority by 2050
While conservatives and Republicans fight with Democrats over the 10-year phase-in of small tax cuts. Middle Americans are being challenged for demographic dominance in the U.S., a position that determines political hegemony and the entire cultural and political direction of the country.
The latest figures from the 2000 Census reveal that minorities and Third World peoples arriving in the U.S. accounted for fully two-thirds of America’s entire population growth in the last 10 years.
Since 1990, the growth in the Hispanic population has been so rapid and dramatic that Hispanics have for the first time in U.S. history surpassed blacks as the largest single minority in the country.
Due to immigration policies adopted by Congress and unchallenged by America's conservative leadership, the size of the U.S, population exceeds demographers' expectations, having reached 285 million. The previous census 10 years ago showed a population of 248 million.
The U.S. remains (he fastest-growing major industrialized country in the Western World, and its growth is likely to continue for the next 50 years due to ils proximity to the burgeoning populations of Mexico and Latin America.
Worldwide, non-Western populations are growing at unprecedented rates. By 2050, the population of less developed countries is expected to jump from 4.9 billion to 8.2 billion, while more developed countries will hold at 1.2 billion.
Europe accounted for 22 percent of the world’s population after World War II, and Africa was 8 percent, according to UN figures. But by 2050, Africa is expected to be three times larger than Europe.
“These changing relationships have enormous economic, social and political consequences,” says Joseph Chamie, director of the UN's population division. “They arc basically the foundation for relations among countries and groups within countries. In brief, numbers matter.”
Politically and culturally, numbers mutter inside countries, too. And the Census figures show powerfti! shifts underway within the United States.
Whites, who once comprised 81 percent of the U.S. population, shrunk to just 75 percent, accounting for 212 million people.
Hispanics, whose numbers increased faster and greater than other designated population groups, are now 13 percent of the U.S., with 36.3 million people. Ten years ago, they constituted nine percent. That’s a growth rate of 58 percent.
Asians increased by 1.7 million to number 12 million, making them 4 percent of the population.
Blacks number 36 million, compared with 34.7 million 10 years ago.
American Indian and Alaska natives are 4.1 million; Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders are 874,000; and Americans who chose “other” on the census racial question, totaled 18.5 million.
I he U.S is expected to be majority non-white by 2050, if not sooner.



Middle Amehcan News
PageS
Immigration News Bodes III for U.S.
Increasing friendliness between President Bush and Mexico's President Fox means a new push for yet another amnesty for illegals just might get the nod on Capitol Hill.
By Phil Kent
Two recent news events have ominous implications with regard to future U.S.-Mexican relations and the proposed amnesty for millions of illegal aliens residing in the United States:
*	On Feb. 7 Rep. Luis Gutienez, D-UL introduced a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives that would grant a blanket amnesty1 to law-breaking immigrants who have been in our country for five years or longer. The bill — supported by unions representing many Mexican workers — would also eliminate a ban on reentry into the U.S. by deported aliens and give permanent visas to spouses and children of illegal immigrants.
*	The Feb. 18 Los Angeles Tunes reported on the first details of the summit between Mexican President Vicente Fox and President George W. Bush. “The commitment of President Bush and our commitment are to seek that all those Mexicans who are there without documents, or illegally, be considered legal workers,” Fox said. That would mean the workers could receive Social Security and other bene fits and could travel to and from Mexico freely, rather than sneak, across the border. “Never has a possibility like this been spoken of before,” the Mexican noted.
These two developments have naturally sparked renewed debate on Capitol Hill and around the country. One of the main topics of discussion, in light of Fox’s pressure on Bush for a new amnesty, is this vexing question: Do Americans want to see the population of their country soar past half a billion in the next 50 years due to continued illegal immigration, mainly from Mexico and other Third World countries?
The sweeping Gutierrez bill and Fox's radical comments, however, appear to have stiffened opposition from at least two Repub-
licans.
Gutierrez’s legislation is flatly opposed by Rep. George Gekas, R-Penn., the new chairman of the House Judiciary subcommittee on immigration and claims. The former chairman — Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Tex. — is also fighting back. “Congress does not want to increase illegal immigrants by granting amnesty, and we don’t want to smack legal immigrants in the face for playing by the rules,” he said.
At the same time on Capitol Hill, a bipartisan group of border state lawmakers are confronting Bush with a reasonable request. They want the federal government to reimburse hospitals that care for the growing numbers of undocumented aliens.
The Washington Times reports that lawmakers from Texas and California, where hospitals spend S23 million and $55 million a year respectively on care for illegal immigrants, introduced legislation to reimburse hospitals with a middle ground figure of $25 million annually.
“It’s the federal government's job to enforce illegal immigration, and when they fail in that regard, hospitals should not have to pay for those failures,” a spokesman for Rep. Mary Bono, R-Ca., declared.
Gekas, Smith, Bono and 'other Republicans also ask their congressional colleagues (and their new president) to reflect on an Immigration and Naturalization Service report — subpoenaed by Smith last fall — gauging the impact of the 1986 amnesty of 2.7 million aliens. Its conclusion: That amnesty simply led to a new surge in illegal immigration.
Add to this fact that, accord-
ing to INS estimates, only 335,000 illegals were deported or required to leave during the period 1987 to 1996. That number is even giving pause to Democratic members of Congress, especially in border states. President Bush — a former governor of Texas — also ought to reflect on the long-term consequences of repeated amnesties.
Bush’s “compassionate conservatism” philosophy that he articulated during the 2000 campaign appealed to moderates as well as conservatives worried about growing pollution, urban sprawl, road widening and other byproducts of expanding population growth. Many of these same Bush voters (as well as even some Sierra Club types and others categorized as “liberals” ) are waking up to the fact that our high immigration levels are directly contributing to these problems. They should be reassessing a government policy that now has our population growth rate exceeding that of China.
There is a final angle, too — the race card which is frequently played now in American public policy discussions. Pro-amnesty politicos routinely characterize white opponents as “racists.” (However, what do they think about polls, like the one conducted in November 1999 by the St. Petersburg Times/Miami Herald, which revealed “more than 40 percent of Hispanics—many, but not all, immigrants themselves — favor making it more difficult to immigrate legally”? Are they “racists”?)
The race card can also be played against Mexico and its new president. Fox and his three key Cabinet members — Jorge Castaneda, Juan Hernandez and Adolfo Aguilar-Zinser— are all white, European Mexicans. In fact, the higher one travels up Mexico’s socioeconomic ladder, the whiter the Mexicans are. So would it be unfair to suggest that Mexico’s white elite might have racist motives? Does the white Mexican elite simply (and cynically) want to use our country as a dumping ground for their predominantly darker-skinned underclass?
Think about that the next time our domestic pro-amnesty lobby, or the Mexican media, accuse leading U.S. Republicans of “racism” when it comes to the illegal immigration question.
I—'
Bush Amnesties 150,000 Illegals
President Bush last month granted an 18-month reprieve to some 150,000 illegal aliens from El Salvador who were slated for deportation.
The announcement came after Bush met with Salvadoran President Francisco Flores at the White House. Flores had come seeking more foreign aid. The decision, said Bush, will grant “temporary relief from deportation for a period of 18 months for Salvadoran citizens living in the U.S. This will allow (Salvadorans] to continue to work here and to remit some of their wages back home to support El Salvador’s recovery efforts.” The country was recently hit by two earthquakes.
The temporary amnesty appears to violate the 1964 Civil Rights Act that forbids discrimination on the basis of national origin. Illegals from other countries in Central and South America also want amnesty.
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from previous page
negligence in firearms storage, NRA said. “Furthermore, preliminary reports indicate the firearm used ... was secured in a locked cabinet. HCI also called for mandating the sale of locking devices for every gun, even though virtually every new handgun currently sold comes with a locking device. HCI also renewed its attack on gun shows, even though there is absolutely no known link between this tragedy and any gun show...”
Judicial Arrogance
A circuit court judge in Alabama decided in February that the state legislature cannot reduce state funding of schools by a proposed 6.2 percent. Just as lawmakers went into a special session on school funding to find ways to make the state’s budget conform to declining revenues. Judge Tracey S. McCooey decided that cutting state spending would violate “the right of every child in Alabama to receive an equitable and adequate education.” Heck, with judges like that, why have legislatures?
Send ‘Em All to Canada?
Canada’s Supreme Court ruled that two Canadians who reportedly confessed to an especially grisly triple murder in the U.S. cannot be sent back here to face trial because they might get the death penalty, which Canada abolished in 1976. The 9-0 decision means Canada is the place to be if you’re wanted for murder in a capital punishment state. Sebastian Bums and Atif Rafay allegedly bragged to undercover police that they killed Rafay’s . parents and sister in Washington Slate as part of a scheme to make $400,000 from selling their possessions. Cops said the victims were beaten with a baseball bat. “The force
was so violent that blexxd was spattered on all ibur
and the ceiling,” court papers said. The high court said it wants to keep killers alive because “the international trend against the death penalty has become clearer.”
Welcome to the Nuthouse
The U. S. Commission on Civil Rights is preparing a report that says that school sports teams that use American Indian names or even images of American Indians could be violating federal civil rights laws. “The use of Native American images and team names may violate Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and the Department of Education’s implementing instructions, which prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin in any program or activity receiving federal financial assistance,” reads the preliminary report, which is up for a vote of approval soon. “In addition,” say the commissars, “culturally insensitive displays may also violate Title II of the Civil Rights Act,” because “all people are entitled to ‘full and equal enjoyment’ in places of public accommodation.” No one’s paying much attention, but left-wingers are trying mightily to apply “anti-discrimination” laws and prohibitions against gender and racial “harassment” to political speech. Opposition is so weak and frightened, one day soon they’ll succeed.
Equality by Decree
Disappointed that voters choose so few women to hold public office, the government of France imposed a new law requiring political parties to field an equal number of male and female candidates. “It's a little revolution,” beamed left-winger Anne Lustrat, a Green Party candidate for the Paris city council. The Washington Post reports that France “has a long history of attempting social engineering through laws and regulations that many Americans would consider intrusive.” Really? In truth, the French law is not
Continued on page 7
April 2901
ft
----	1	■■	1	■	   Mddle	Amemcan	News
Federal Controls Left Undisturbed by Bush Education Plan
B* Robert Holland
Education policy initiatives under discussion on Capitol Hill do nothing to reverse entrenched federal control that severely impinges on local autonomy. Parents and local school boards will have none of their rightful authority returned to them, and the Cllnton-era damage will remain unrepaired.
Claiming education as his No. I priority. President George W. Bush has submit*
I ted to Congress a reform proposal that's sup-posed to give localities increased flexibility in using federal aid in return for accountability for results as determined by annual testing of reading and math skills.
Bush has trumpeted his desire for “bipartisan education reform." which he says will be “the cornerstone of my Administration." And so far many liberal Democrats appear ready to buy into portions of the new Republican President's program.
The main exception is the President's idea of converting federal Title I aid to $1,500 vouchers for parents to seek out new private or public schools when their children are stuck in chronically failing schools. Democrats in the evenly divided Senate have put up a near-solid front against vouchers. preferring more spending to even the mildest suggestion of more options for school patrons.
But for all the rhetoric about flexibility and choice, the cunmt ideas being discussed on Capitol Hill do nothing about rooting out entrenched programs of federal control that severely impinge on local autonomy. Parents and local school boards will have none of their rightful authority returned to them if these systemic changes of the past decade remain in place.
A prime example is School-to-Work, a federal initiative linked to Goals 2000 that jn intended lo retool all of education into workforce preparation for a planned economy. Although the School-to-Work Opportunities Act of 1994 technically is supposed to expire this October, bureaucrats n the Education and Labor Department and their joint National STW Office are working hard behind the scenes to ensure STW continue* as a permanent force.
One legislated vehicle for continuing STW is the massive Workforce Investment Act of 1998, and particularly its sections dealing with youth councils and one-stop soda) service centers. Last October, officials from a remarkably wide range of federal agencies — not just Education and Labor, but Transportation. Social Security, Justice, and Health and Human Services — met at a Washington hotel in a full-fledged, three-day conference to discuss bow to foster Schooi-lo-Work “sustainability.**
The conference theme was Thinking About Tomorrow, borrowing from the Clintons’ borrowed campaign tunc. Con t Stop Thinking About Tomorrow, One session, entitled ” Navigating the Political Process," featured a Kansas legislator and an official of the National Conference of State Legislatures, and proceeded under the following billing:
~Ma ny states have demonstrated ownership of the STW movement. The most definitive manifestation takes the form of legislation, because it takes many partners within and outside the legislature to turn an idea into law. Whether it’s integrating STW principles into the education system or finding funding to sustain linkages built between the education and workforce worlds, you can bet there's a story to be fold- Come and heat
what it takes to maneuver the political process."
That so much of the federal bureaucratic establishment brainstormed about how to keep STW alive shows that this is more than just another line item in a school budget but instead is a blueprint for the federalization of education. An analysis of federal spending in 1997 showed that there were 788 federal education programs costing a total of $97 billion, of which only 307 were run through the Department of Education.
Even before her husband Bill was elected President in 1992, Hillary Clinton was a key figure in assembling the components of a federal School-to-Work system. An infamous November 11, 1992 “Dear Hillary" letter from Marc Tucker, the president of the National Center on Education and the Economy, exulted that with Bill Clinton’s election the time was right to move on implementing the STW system on which they had been working, with the help of Carnegie Corporation largess.
Elements of the plan included a cradle-to-grave system of skills training and a network of unelected labor market boards, with connecting links that would gear school-work to the Ittcalizcd needs for compliant workers of major corporations. The basic idea was that America should shift to a German collective model and away from its Jeffersonian vision of preparing well-rounded individuals who can make their own career decisions.
Now that she is the junior U.S. Senator from New York, Mrs. Clinton is positioned to work to keep School-to-Work entrenched in federalized education. During the recent confirmation hearings for Elaine Chao as Secretary of Labor, Senator Clinton said she
As the American economy appears headed for a slowdown, businesses in the U.S. continue to seek out cheap labor solutions for sagging profits.
That news means the North American Free Trade Agreement may exacerbate a weakening economy:
One of the latest companies announcing a move to Mexico is the Ansell Golden Needles company of Wilkesboro, North Carolina, which said it would eliminate 7S0 jobs in the Western part of the state and eliminate an additional 100 jobs in Turboro. Operations will be transferred to Juarc/ and Reyoosa, Mexico.
“It’s the biggest layoff we’veTiad in a long, long time — perhaps ever," said Kelly Pipes, director of economic development for Wilkes County*
looked forward eagerly to working with Secretary Chao in preserving that which was good in STW, which no doubt in her mind means all of it.
Does George W. Bush understand the threat? When he became governor of Texas, he inherited an elaborate state STW program. But even though he once claimed the program was “voluntary," he did nothing to dismantle it. Some of the governors closest to him — including Wisconsin’s Tommy Thompson, now Bush’s Secretary of Health and Human Services — are those who have backed School-to-Work most ardently.
Carolyn Melcnick, a Washington-based consultant who has extensively studied STW, believes it violates the local control and parental choice that President Bush wants to accentuate. She is working with a subcommittee headed by Rep. Peter Hoekstra, a critic of federal overreaching in education, to see to it that School-to-Work actually expires on schedule, with no vestiges, this October.
Even if School-to-Work somehow should be eliminated root and branch, some of President Bush’s own ideas for education reform would take the federal government where it has never been before in education. The heart of his plan is a nationalized system of student testing.
Bush says he would let the states pick their own assessments but he would require all states to administer annual tests in reading and math for grades 3 through 8. Most states have some form of standardized testing, but only IS currently test each and every year in grades 3-8.
The Bush plan also anticipates that not all states will use equally challenging standards and tests, so state results would be cross-checked by annual reading and math
Area leaders say they expect to feel the ill effects of the job cuts, too.
“It will have an effect on all of us,** said the mayor of neighboring North Wilkesboro.
The CEO of the manufacturer’s parent company said the move was spurred by “relentless price pressure’* from foreign competitors. The company makes gloves.
“In order to maintain our competitiveness into the future, we will progressively transfer all knitting operations to Mexico over the coming 12 months,** said CEO Henry Boon.
Increased foreign imports based on cheap labor front Third World countries has had a severe effect on North Carolina's manufacturing companies in textiles and apparel. The state lost 55 percent of its employment base since 1990, losing 72,000
scores from the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP). However, there are some problems with that sort of federal audit:
NAEP is a survey of student knowledge that is taken every four years in specific subjects. It is not designed to be an annual test; it is a gauge of trends over several years, and has too large a margin of error to be a reliable year-to-year yardstick. Furthermore, NAEP is voluntary. States currently do not have to participate in NAEP — and nine in fact choose not to do so. Thus Bush effectively wants to mandate national testing — I a step that not even Bill Clinton, with his proposal for voluntary academic tests, dared take.
Another problem is the lack of uniformity in how states exempt disabled students from testing, or count (or don’t count) their scores in statewide data. The rates of exclusion could have profound effects on the relative standing of states and their eligibility for federal rewards.
While calling for a tax cut and controls I on many areas of federal spending. Bush wants to increase spending on the U.S. Department of Education by almost 12 percent. That would come on the heels of an 18 percent increase in Clinton’s final year. Never mind that the Department’s books have been so chaotic that auditors have been unable to close their audits, or that Department grants targeted to help children in South Dakota wound up instead buying luxury cars in Maryland.
The U .S. Constitution does not specify education as one of the functions of the federal government. Thus, under the Tenth Amendment control of education is supposed to be reserved to the states and the people in local communities. Republicans used to claim that Democratic administrations were trampling that principle. They urged that the U.S. Department of Education be dismantled. But increasingly, in a “bipartisan" manner, both parties are con- I centrating power over public education in the hands of Washington regulators
textile jobs, which accounted for a third of its normal base of 220,000 textile jobs.
“Right now, it’s tough to find jobs,** said Jimmy Shat ley, a 14-year employee of Ansell Golden Needles.
In the recent past, employees were asked to make sacrifices to help keep the company in the stale.
“The employees have done everything we’ve asked of them, but the way the world is today, sometimes that's just not enough,” said Phil Corke, director of human resources.
Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, which lays the groundwork for integrating Mexico’s economy with the U.S., American companies can move south to take advantage of cheap labor and ship goods hack into the U.S. free of tariffs.
Another U.S. Apparel Maker Shifts Jobs to Mexico; CEO Cites Global ‘Foreign Competition’
April 2001
Mdou American News
Page!
Powell Backs UN Anti-Racism Effort
Secretary of State Colin Powell says he has a 'personal interest’ in a UN examination of racism in America.
The United States will support a UN-spon-sorod conference against racism that will portray America's police as racists. decry "brutality" against Hispanic immigrants and denounce the U.S. criminal justice system as racist for its death penalty laws. Organizers say the conference is also aimed at convincing nations to pass laws against the spread of racist ideas, and to build support for providing "compensation" to Third World victims of Western colonization and "oppression."
Secretary of State Colin Powell, the first black to ever hold the post, pledged support for the conference, saying he has a "personal and professional interest" in the conference, to be held in Durban. South Africa, in August.
Mary Robinson, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, is the organizer of the conference, which is called "The World Conference Against Racism. Racial Discrimination,
Xenophobia, and Related Intolerance."
Robinson said the conference will examine race issues in America, especially police use of race in criminal profiling, the U.S. death penalty, and the behavior of Border Patrol agents along the border with Mexico.
The U.S. is the largest national contributor to Robinson’s annual S22 million budget.
Robinson recently visited the
U.S. seeking additional contributions over the 5250,000 pledged by the Clinton administration for the costs of the conference.
"We definitely will take a look at this. We have supported it in the past and would like to continue," said Richard Boucher, spokesman for Powell.
Robinson said the conference will also address "xenophobia, racial intolerance, and the appearance of white racist websites on the Internet."
She said the conference is likely to consider the issue of providing what she called "compensation" to victims of alleged racism the world over. She said nonwhites have suffered "a kind of collective trauma" from historical practices such as slavery and colonization.
Robinson said one outcome might be a UN-sponsored "magna carta" for people who have suffered from racial discrimination.
Hispanics Break From Minority Auto Assn.
America’s diversity — surprise, surprise —- is causing division.
Left-wingers and corporate elites have tried to unify "people of color" as a social and political counterweight to white Middle America, but ethnic and racial dashes have erupted between nonwhite ethnic groups all over the country.
In the latest clash, a group of Hispanic auto dealers broke away from the 21 year-old National Association of Minority Auto Deal-
ers (NAMAD) to form their own association for Hispanics.
NAMAD, says Hispanic dealer Silvestre Gonzales, was "founded by blacks for blacks." A dealer for Daimler/Chrysler in California, Gonzales is the point man for the breakaway Hispanic faction. He says his new group, the Hispanic Auto Dealers Association (HADA), is needed because of "the frustration of the Hispanic community that has been growing" over NAMAD’s preferred emphasis on black
dealerships.
George Mitchell, a black auto dealer for Ford in Tennessee, is resentful of the Hispanic dealers because they didn’t help during the civil rights struggles of the 1960’s.
"I remember when the fighting was going on. Where were they?" asks Mitchell.
George Frame, director of dealer development for Ford Motor Co., is somewhat bewildered by the conflict. He believes minority dealers should stick together (though stay separate from white people, apparently).
"There has been a great deal of controversy and hardening of positions," he said. "1 believe we are better served if all the minorities use their best thinking together.”
According to NAMAD, minorities own roughly 1,000 of the nearly 23,000 auto dealerships in the U.S.
Sheila Vaden-Williams, NAMAD’s executive director, agrees with Frame.
‘The clear focus should not be on us fighting over an incredibly small sliver of the pie."
Ford recently announced a national program to help Hispanic businesses become suppliers for the company. Whether Ford will keep its minority programs divided between blacks and Hispanics remains to be seen.
Town Forced to Lower Standards for Firefighters
A Texas town that a federal judge wouldn’t let hire white firefighters found a way to make up for its staffing shortfall simply by lowering its employment standards.
The city of Baytown, just outside Houston, needed six more firefighters. Following a lawsuit brought by left-wingers, a federal judge wouldn’t let Baytown hire the only two candidates who passed the civil service exam because they were white. Federal District Court Judge Sim Lake had ordered the fire department to hire only minorities until the fire force was 30 percent non-white. It was 17 percent non-white at the time.
Since only white guys passed the hiring exam, city officials figured they could solve their manpower shortage by switching to a different, easier exam.
After the switch, officials announced that 43 of 47 applicants passed, providing a larger pool of non-whites from which to choose.
With the easier lest, 14 non-whites managed to pass. The two whites who passed the harder lest also passed the latest test, but will have to go to the end of the hiring line until the minority quota is met.
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from page 5
radically different from the contemporary American practice of drawing electoral district boundaries in ways that guarantee the election of minority candidates. And then there’s affirmative action. It’s all the same game: revolution from the top, led by elites against the people.
Infighting
The Center for Immigration Studies in Washington,
D.C., which generally supports modest immigration restrictions, inexplicably took a swipe at immigration control activist Peter Brimelow, author of Alien Nation, published by Random House. In a CIS February Backgrounder essay, CFR-endorsed academic Tony Smith calls Brimelow’s restricitonist views "extremist, indeed nativist-xenophobic" and "offensive.** In the essay. Smith doesn’t argue for immigration restriction, but ploddingly suggests that America’s open immigration policy "may often be bad for the Mexicans who come, given the inhospitality of the American wage and educational system to unskilled immigrants. Low wages mean that migrants frequently work two jobs..." Huh? Having a job or two hurts unskilled immigrants? Yep, that’s what he said. Smith is Cornelia M.
Jackson Professor of Political Science at Tufts University and in 1997-1998 was the Whitney Shepardson Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. Yet he is apparently unaware that America’s wages are higher than Mexico’s, even for the unskilled; and that many unskilled immigrants prefer working two jobs in the U.S. to working no jobs in Mexico. Suggesting that America should scrap its open immigration policy because it hurts immigrants is an argument that appeals to no one, least of all the immigrants themselves who continue to flood the U.S. because of all the great stuff here that’s unavailable in Mexico —■ like jobs, housing, medical care, food stamps, etc. Nor does it appeal to U.S. elites. whose own sympathy for immigrants is mere rhetorical disguise for cheap-labor profit-making and self-interest. "It is difficult to stake out a reasoned, moderate multiculturalist position [on immigration]," worries Smith. Yep, sure is. Except for Smith, there are no multiculturalist restrictionists.
Aussies Face Typhoid
The government of Australia is trying desperately to track down 18 illegal aliens who arrived by boat from Afghanistan seeking political asylum. They were released from immigration processing centers just before six others from the same boat were diagnosed with typhoid fever, a deadly contagious disease.
Occupiers
Ever notice that once U.S. troops arrive in someone else’s country, they almost never leave? The people whose countries the U.S. has occupied certainly have noticed. In 1990, U.S. troops arrived in Arab countries by the tens of thousands in preparation for President George Bush’s war to expel Iraq from Kuwait. Eleven years later, between 17,000 and 25,000 American soldiers are still there - in Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia. Those troops, says Mohammed Mousfir, professor of political science in Qatar, have "turned from a protecting force into an occupying and permanent one.**
How Soon They Forget
Some people have really short memories. Neo-conservative columnist John Leo is one of them. He complained lust month that the Americans with Disabilities Act goes too far. He cited the cuse of a Pennsylvania woman, fired after a long record of obnoxious behavior, who sued her employer in federal court under ADA provisions. A judge agreed that the woman was "belligerent" and "unprofessional" for
Continued on page 11
\pril 2001
Pages
Mooli American News
YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK
Preliminary Budget Proposed
President Bush proposed spending almost $2 trillion in fiscal year 2002, aioewng for growth in federal spending that exceeds inflation.
The budget said Bush, "offers a new vision for governing the nation for a new generation," and includes $156 billion over the next ten years for a prescription drug benefit for senior citizens under Medicare programs.
The budget outline released by the White House in March will be followed by a more detailed proposal in April, officials said. Among the figures released are the fdowing:
$64 mfion to help low-income fathers fM jobs;	'
$60 mMon for education and training vouchers for foster children who turn 18;
$505 million to states earmarked for investigations of child abuse;
$33 million for maternity homes to care for teenage mothers;
$400 million for military pay raises;
$2.6 bilk** for military intelligence, research and development of technological
$3.9 billion for expanding federal health care benefits;
$2.6 billion to states for teacher education;
$5 bWson to help children leam to read by the third grade (public education is already supposed to teach children to read, but since that government program doesn't work, the new literacy program will be launched in addition to public education);
$1 billion to pay college costs for low-income students;
$000 million to pursue development of renewable energy sources;
$2 billion to develop dean coal tech-
$000 rmiion for the Water Conservation Fund;
$4.0 Mkon for the National Park Service
$2.6 billion increase for the National Institutes of Health;
$1.3 WHon to buHd embassies in foreign countries.
$1.3 bMfion-plus for "counter-narcotics0 programs in Latin America;
$1 trillion projection over four years to pay off $3.2 tntkon in puMidy*held national debt.
House Okays Rate Reduction
On a nearly party line vote of 230-106 last month, the House approved President Bush's proposed tax cut plan that would phase in rate reductions over 10 years
Ten Democrats Joined the unified Republican vote in favor of the plan. The Senate Is expected to consider the plan In April or May.
The plan creates a new 10 percent tax bracket and consolidates four upper-income brackets that range from 28 percent to 39.6 percent into three brackets of 33,25, and 15 percent. The phased-in approach means an average middle-income family could see its taxes reduced by about $100 to $200 in 2001.
Post-Presidential Perks
Over the last 25 years, Americans shelled out $850 million for pensions, perks, and libraries for former presidents and their families. Taxpayers this year are spending $806,000 for ex-president pensions, which is $161,000 for each of five living ex-presidents, and $20,000 for Lady Bird Johnson, widow of President Lyndon B. Johnson. The cost of “office expenses," paid by taxpayers for the five ex-presidents — Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush, and Clinton — is $1.76 million.
The National Archives is spending $43.4 million in 2001 to run 12 presidential libraries. According to a Washington Times estimate, Secret Service protection for the five ex-presidents and their immediate families runs to $23.8 million this year.
VOA Faces Job Cuts
Employees of the government’s Voice of America broadcast service are meeting with members of Congress to staving off job cuts at the Cold War-ear agency. VOA notified employees that 34 of them would be laid off this year. VOA cut 51 positions l£st year from its 1,058-member workforce. Most job cuts came in VOA posts responsible for broadcasting to communist countries of the former Soviet Union. Local 1812 of the American Federation of Government Employees said VOA’s management is being unrealistic because Communist Party members are still active. "You have ex-communists taking over parliamentary positions in a number of East European countries," said Tim Shamble, president of Local 1812.
China Makes U.8. Army Berets
Despite a law requiring the Pentagon to buy American, the Defense Department hired a British company with factories in Communist China to make millions of new black berets for uniformed troops. The Defense Logistics Agency also awarded beret contracts in other cheap labor countries like Romania and Sri Lanka. "Making berets in China for the United States Army is ludicrous," said Jason C. Denny, a former Army Ranger who met with members of Congress. He wants a reversal of Pentagon plans to issue the beret to all army troops. Until now, the beret was worn only by elite Ranger units. The Chinese plants are slated to produce 617,000 berets, and have delivered 154,000 so far. Stripping the Rangers of their headgear exclusivity was the brainchild of muttlcuiturailst Gen. Eric Shinseki, Army chief of staff.
State Department Workers Hand Out Foreign Visas Without Proper Scrutiny
More than 40 to 50 percent of America's illegal aliens were able to enter the country legally with "temporary visas" handed out by lax State Department officials who don't try to prevent foreign cheats from entering.
Once inside the country, aliens who don't want to leave can simply ignore the expiration of their visa because the Immigration and Naturalization Service has officially abandoned all attempts to locate and deport illegal aliens unless they are convicted of crimes.
One former State Department employee, Nikolai Wenzel, told the Washington Times that the cause is outright negligence by the State Department division that handles visa applications in foreign countries, known as the Bureau of Consular Affairs.
“[T]he employees charged with barring the gate to undesirable visitors are swamped with work, ill-trained in visa operations and often dispirited," the paper reported.
Wenzel told the Times that "department employees routinely flout immigration law by approving the applications of foreigners who are destined to become U.S. charity cases.”
Current law forbids the immigration of persons likely to become "a public charge," but neither the federal executive branch, nor the judiciary are willing to enforce the prohibition or punish violators. And Congress does not complain.
At the same time, foreigners can use false names to obtain visas without any background checks to catch them.
In 1997, the State Department's inspector general criticized the consular bureau for failing to perform its job properly.
"The lack of language skills to adjudicate cases at posts processing visa applicants of different nationalities, the inability to perform adequate name checks of foreign names, and the [ fact that there is] no agency taking the lead in determining the existence of employers petitioning for immigrant workers could result in immigrant visas being issued to an ineligible applicant," the report said.
The inspector general found that one U.S. consular post processing more than 100,000 applications a year, "had only $300 in its anti-fraud travel budget, which was not adequate for conducting its anti-fraud investigations. This post was also processing applicants from countries where fraud
“...employees routinely flout Immigration law by approving the applications of foreigners who are destined to become U.S. charity cases/9
and drug trafficking are common."
Wenzel told the Times that in his experience, consular employees put more emphasis on politeness and public relations than on fighting fraud.
He said that although consular officials are supposed to approve visas only for visitors who present convincing evidence that they will leave when the visa expires — by showing ties to the home country that include an employer, a bank account, property ownership, etc.—in practice, consular interviewers are typically inexperienced junior officers on so-called "excursion tours" and the spouses of Foreign Service officers hired to fill temporary interviewing positions.
Wenzel said that in Mexico City, in an effort to reduce long waiting lines, consular employees typically interview 150-200 applicants over a five to seven hour period, spending only about two minutes on each application. The problem is complicated by the fact that many visa applicants are illiterate.
The Los Angeles Times reported last month the actual number of illegal aliens living in the U.S. is probably 11 million to 13 million, twice as high as official INS estimates of 6 million.
The INS estimates that about half of all illegal aliens now in the U.S. arrive legally on U.S.-approved visas, but disappear into the interior of the country after the visa expires. The number of illegals is so large that two years ago during the Clinton administration, the INS announced it was officially giving up on enforcing laws against illegal aliens, and would no longer try to find and deport them. In addition, the INS said it would no longer conduct raids of U.S. employers who hire aliens illegally.
Immigrant groups and left-wing organizations in the U.S. applauded the decision, which was ignored by the Clinton administration's political opponents in the conservative movement. Only activist immigration control groups such as American Immigration Control. N.C., publicly criticized the INS announcement.
April 2001
Middle American News
Page 9
Hoax Mania: From Tawana Brawley to Florida’s Election
Political groups are using falsehoods to lay the foundations for new laws and beliefs in a society no longer capable of distinguishing truth from lie. Nicholas Stix reviews some recent hoaxes and their impact.
By Nicholas Stix
Perpetrating and supporting increasingly obvious race hoaxes has become the main way that American black leaders and organizations are able to obtain attention, prestige, wealth, and political leverage over a once white-dominated society. At a time when white racism is on the wane and sympathy for minority groups is a dominant feature of the popular culture, hoaxes offer a dramatic way of promoting claims and grievances that the larger socio-political system feels compelled to satisfy. A review of those race hoaxes reveals that the cultural milieu is no longer capable —whether by choice or circumstance — of resisting a race hoax, no matter how preposterous it maybe.
1987: The Tawana Brawley Hoax
Fifteen-year-old Tawana Brawley, a black girl from Wappingers Falls, New York, disappeared for a weekend. When Braw ley reappeared, she claimed that “white cops" had kidnapped and gang-raped her.
Brawley was soon joined by a trio of “advisers,** activist attorneys Alton Maddox and C. Vernon Mason, and the Rev. A1 Sharpton, who had her refuse to cooperate w ith the very authorities seeking to help bring her “attackers** to justice. (The advisors came to be known privately in some quarters as “The Three Stooges.**) The Brawley advisors’ perverse combination of strident demands for justice, as well as a militant refusal to cooperate with authorities— a position commonXy associated with criminals — was so effective they flummoxed left-wing New York State Attorney General Robert Abrams and Gov. Mario Cuomo.
The advisors repeatedly invented white “rapists" out of thin air, even claiming that racist government officials were covering up for the imaginary police rapists, and then charged that anyone alibiing for a “rapist** was himself a “rapist." When Tawana’s mother, Glenda Brawley, was subpoenaed to testify before a grand jury, the advisors spirited her away to the sanctuary of a church, as if she were a victim of persecution. Alton Maddox proclaimed that Attorney General Abrams “masturbated** in front of pictures of Brawley, while the Rev. Sharpton casually linked the Irish Republican Army to the “abduction** and “rape.**
America’s corporate media slavishly repeated every wild, unsubstantiated charge made by the Brawley advisors, while refusing to pursue compelling evidence that Brawley had in fact fabricated her charges. That evidence included a witness who had seen Brawley place herself in a garbage bag in the vacant lot where she was found, and the findings of a rape specialist who eventually examined Brawley, discovering that she showed no signs of rape, was faking rape trauma... and was a terrible actress, to boot!
The media also refused to delve into Tawana Brawley’* background, even though her relatives more closely resembled a criminal association than a family. Her mother, Glenda, had been convicted of welfare fraud; her stepfather, Ralph King, had calmly fired six bullets into the brain of his
sleeping first wife.
The Truth: Brawley had partied with her boyfriend and concocted the hoax to avoid the wrath of her murderous stepfather, Ralph King. She had been neither kidnapped nor raped, and had never crossed paths with “racist police.” A grand jury voted to throw out Brawley’s charges, with the abstention of its lone black member. Although Brawley and her mother had obstructed justice, and Tawana had lied to the authorities, neither daughter nor mother was ever charged in the case.
1996: The Church Arson Hoax
Activists within the leftist National Council of Churches (NCC), and the NCC’s fraternal organization, the Center for Democratic Renewal (CDR; formerly the National Anti-Klan Network) charged that a conspiracy of white supremacists was committing a wave of arsons against black churches all over the country. The activists were aided immensely by the mainstream media, which parroted their charges, and by President Bill Clinton, who pronounced the arsons a “national crisis.**
The Truth: The “Black church arson epidemic,** based on a fraudulent CDR report, was no more than a fundraising device for the NCC, which exploited it to raise over SI0 million. Only three black churches had been torched by whites out of racial animus, and only two such arsons were connected, having been set by the same two Klansmen. Journalist Michael Fumento wrote that “during the same period far more southern white churches than black churches were burned. Further, USA Today's latest tally shows that of all the arsonists arrested in connection with black church burnings, a third have been blacks. But the hoax worked. The left raised millions of dollars, and a large section of the newspaper-reading public believes that white racists nin around burning black churches.
1996: Texaco's “Racist"Heirarchy
As black employees pursued a racial discrimination lawsuit against Texaco Oil, Jesse Jackson claimed that a white Texaco executive had uttered the “n” word, as well as a racist remark involving “black and white jelly beans,” in a private conversation with a white fellow executive, which the latter had secretly taped. Jackson used the racism charge to justify calling for a national black boycott of the oil company, and a demand for the company to settle the discrimination suit.
The TYuth: Jesse lied. The Texaco executive had never said the “n“ word. Close listening revealed that the word in question was “St. Nicholas" a reference to Santa Claus. As for the “racist** jelly bean analogy, the white executive was merely quoting the highly paid black diversity consultant who had been lecturing and hectoring company executives on how to be racially
sensitive.
But the hoax worked. After heavy negative publicity, Texaco’s executives caved in like a cheap suitcase. Not only did Jackson not apologize — let alone pay — for his slanderous charges, but the truth about the infamous tape recording had no effect whatsoever on his demeanor or tactics. He demanded payoffs and promotions for all of Texaco’s black employees, and got both — including $176 million in reparations.
I997 to 2000 Racial Profiling
Across America, black chauvinists, corporate journalists, and even conservative politicians insist that racist white policemen routinely round up and arrest, and even murder innocent black men as a result of personal prejudice.
The Truth: Police and prosecutors in the large urban areas where most blacks are concentrated frequently downplay the extent of crime. By instituting a statistical “affirmative action” program, many violent crimes simply “disappear” or are “redefined” as non-crimes. The New York City, Philadelphia, and Boca Raton, Florida, police departments have been caught systematically undercounting violent felonies in an effort to minimize the crime problem.
In addition, increasing numbers of urban police officers — often under explicit orders — routinely avoid confrontations with minority males in large areas who riot and loot in front of police, and even commit rape and murder without fear of arrest. Law enforcement’s racial conflict phobia reached surreal proportions in the race riots in Crown Heights, Brooklyn in 1991; Los Angeles in 1992, and again in 2000; New York’s Central Park in 2000; and most recently, in Seattle during Mardi Gras celebrations in late February, 2001, where a white man was killed by a marauding gang while police were obeying instructions not to intervene for fear of provoking the rioters.
In 1997 black political activists in New York, who had sought to destabilize the mayoralty of white Republican Rudolph Giuliani, latched on to the Brooklyn torture case of Haitian immigrant Abner Louima. NYPD officer Justin Volpe had sodomized Louima with a stick. (Volpe eventually confessed, and was sentenced to 30 years in prison.) Activists insisted that the Louima case, which was in fact singular in New York history, was typical of “Giuliani time.”
The activists were aided by mainstream news editors' political decisions to cease running exposes on the NYPD’s practice of underreporting violent crime, thus minimizing crime by minority males. Editors led instead with misleading stories, insisting that police routinely persecuted innocent minority males; ran stories suggesting that unrelated police shootings of black suspects across America were part of a murderous.
nationwide epidemic of racist white police behavior; and continued their longstanding policy of refusing to report black-on-white hate crimes.
In 1999, the activist-media alliance exploited the case of Amadou Dialio, the Guinean immigrant accidentally shot to death by four white NYPD officers in the Bronx in 1999.
Elected Democratic Party officials carried out a two-month-long civil disobedience campaign, which resulted in over 1,000 arrests. The campaign sought to cripple the NYPD, weaken Giuliani’s Senate candidacy (which he eventually gave up, due to prostate cancer), and strengthen the candidacy of his opponent, Hillary Clinton.
The Florida Disenfranchisement Hoax
In a national campaign begun by Rev. Jesse Jackson, blacks and cooperating journalists have publicized wild claims that tens of thousands of black Floridians were illegally barred from voting by police roadblocks, illegal demands for photo ID’s, poll workers who refused to allow registered blacks into voting booths, and even by vicious police with “dogs and guns.” The massive disenfranchisement of black voters allegedly resulted in Mr. Bush’s theft of Florida’s electoral votes, and thus of the presidency.
The Truth: Not only were no blacks deliberately disenfranchised, thousands of black Floridian felons and unregistered college students, virtually all of whom voted for Vice-President A1 Gore, voted illegally.
Thus far, not one legally registered t>/uck
voter has been discovered who was prevented illegally from voting.
Although the NAACP has repeatedly asserted that it has thousands of affidavits from disenfranchised black Florida voters, it has produced no voters. No black voters complained to state officials in Florida. And when the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights held hearings in Florida on January 11, 2001, on disenfranchisement charges, only three black voters appeared as witnesses. Under questioning, each in turn admitted that each had successfully voted. Meanwhile, the Commission ignored evidence of genuine intimidation of voters by Democratic operatives in Miami’s Little Haiti section.
Despite the increasingly obvious nature of the hoaxes and the preposterous claims used to justify them, they continue to dominate the front pages of newspapers and are treated with the utmost seriousness and respect by members of the highest echeleons of society. Even conservative Republicans, Attorney General John Ashcroft among them, parrot the falsehoods that the hoaxes engender.
In the absence of intelligent analysis and courageous challenges, new myths based on racial falsehoods are becoming the foundations of law and belief in a society that is no longer capable of distinguishing truth from lie.
(Nicholas Stix is writer and school teacher in New York Citv)
April 2001
Maxi American News
Special Report on the Immigration Crisis
Exclusively From Middle American News
Now Available in Bulk Quantities
Order Your Copies Today!
i
We Pay Shipping1
Use This Coupon to Order Now.
Help Wake the American People!
Contents include:
America’s Restrictionist History
The U.S. never was a nation of immigrants. But we’re fast becoming one. See page 7
How Immigration is Changing U.S.
Facts, charts and the hard numbers show America’s demographic future up to the year2050. See page 4.
The Corporate Wealth Behind MALDEF
Guess who funds immigration advocacy. They’re not 'little old ladies’ or church groups. See page 9
Immigration’s Net Cost to American Taxpayers
Brace yourself. Immigration isn’t cheap. It doesn't even pay for itself.
See page 10
Plus Hard-Hitting Opinion and Analysis by These Popular Commentators:
Sam Francis: How Labor Leaders Betray Workers Charley Reese: Reform immigration Policy, Now!
Paul Craig Roberts: Will GOP Scrap U.S. Heritage?
...and more!
Clip and Send to: Middle American News Distribution Center P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
□
YES, I want extra copies of the Middle American News Special Report on Immigration.
Namel^____________
Address
Clty/Stats/ZIp.
(For UPS dollvory - street address only, no P.O. Boxss)
Telephone.
(In csss we have questions about your order)
n 10 COplOS for $7.00 Enclosed Is a check for
□	.	1	__	$	Send	me the
25 Copies for $ 13.00 number of copies of the □ 50 copies for $18.00 Sp0Ciml Rmport ch*ckmd □ 100 Copies for $30.00 (No chsrgo for shipping.)
Apr*IXVI
Mmf American News
Georgia’s Judges Protect Illegals
To protect Illegal aliens from deportation, judges In Georgia - and maybe elsewhere, too - are reducing the sentences for convicted criminals.
It's one break American lawbreakers can’t get.
By PhU Kent
Wouldn't it be a fair expectation that immigrants who come to the United States not be criminals, or perpetrate crimes here?
One would hope so. Yet the once-conservative state of Georgia is leading the way in saving criminal immigrants from deportation. Its legislature earlier this year surrendered its state flag with its histone Confederate battle emblem. Now. thanks to activist judges in the Atlanta area, the Immigration and Naturalization Service is having to surrender on a rising number of deportation cases.
The Georgia Supreme Court - far to the left of the U.S. Supreme Court — recently ruled in a 7 to 2 vote that a Gwinnett County judge acted properly in reducing an immigrant's sentence to keep him from being kicked out. This is a decision legal experts say could have an impact on similar cases in other states.
Romanian-born Calvin Colack, who pleaded guilty to
shoplifting, was almost returned to his native lend because of a 1996 federal law that allows the INS to deport legal immigrants who commit crimes that result in a sentence of 12 or more months in jail. To avoid the deportation, a left-wing Gwinnett County Superior Court judge reduced Colack's sentence — a tactic the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports is now being employed by other metro Atlanta judges.
John Keeley, a researcher for the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies, complains that the Georgia Supreme Court decision “takes the teeth” out of the 1996 law enacted by Congress. The practice of reducing immigrants' sentences to skirt deportation “smacks of judicial activism because it undermines enforcement of immigration law,” Keeley
says.
Since Georgia law allows penalties of up to 12 months for misdemeanors, the INS can remove immigrants, even those raised in our country. So the sympathetic Gwinnett judge and other jurists, have responded by reducing misdemeanor sentences for immigrants to 11 months or 11 months and 28 days. In Colack's case, he pleaded guilty to a crime before the 1996 law was passed. But the law’s effect was retroactive, and the INS later sought to deport him. Colack’s lawyer argued that the initial guilty plea was not entered “freely” because the immigrant wasn't aware of the deportation clause in the '96 law. Gwinnett Superior Court Judge David Fuller thereupon set the plea aside, allowed Colack to plead guilty again, and then sentenced him to less than one year.
Georgia Supreme Court Justice George H. Carley, one of the two justices who did not agree with the majority opinion in the Gwinnett case, argued that resident aliens have no constitutional right to be warned that a guilty plea could mean deportation. He warned that the majority ruling would “encourage the filing of similar unauthorized petitions”— and Carley has been proven right. In the weeks to follow, several other Atlanta area immigrants began having their sentences reduced for a variety of crimes.
Unfortunately, this judicial activism is abetted by a new law passed by the Democrat-dominated state legislature requiring judges to warn immigrants that guilty pleas can affect their immigration status. Last year, Georgia’s pardons and paroles board also pardoned 93 immigrants to prevent the INS from deporting them.
Georgia’s Democratic Gov. Roy Barnes openly hopes that the growing white (and predominantly Republican) influx into his state, as reflected in the 2000 census, will be countered by a growing Hispanic (i.e., predominantly Democratic) presence. No wonder former criminal defense attorney Barnes is pulling every lever — whether it is with judges or with appointees on the pardon and paroles board to protect legal and illegal immigrant criminals, mostly from Mexico and the Third World, from deportation.
It is a strategy likely copied by Democratic governors, elsewhere in the Republican South.
Tulsa Commission Okays Reparations for 1921 Riot
A nag government commission recommended that Oklahoma taxpayers should pay reparations for alleged offenses committed during a race riot 80 years ago.
The Tulsa Race Riot Commission. in its final report to Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating and state lawmakers, said that reparations from whites “will stand as symbols that fully acknowledge and finally discharge a collective responsibility-"
If the recommendations art approved by the legislature, it will be the first tune since the Civil War that American law has endorsed the notion of collective guilt and punishment.
Associated Press alleges that up to 300 people may have been killed during the violent clashes in Tulsa back in 1921 between blacks and whiles, but the commission concluded the exact death toll will never be known.
News accounts say the violence was triggered when a Mack shoeshine man was accused of assaulting a white woman. After angry blacks armed with guns fired on local townsmen trying to apprehend the accused, mobs burned down the black business district, known as Greenwood.
According to the commission report, black churches, businesses and more than 1,200 homes were destroyed.
The commission did not provide details on the kind and amount of “reparations” that today’s taxpayers — who played no role in the riot — should pay, but it supported the views of an earlier report that suggested a range of recommendations that included a memorial for propaganda purposes, scholarships, and direct payments to the descendants of alleged victims.
The Tulsa commission's recommendations represent a major advance for left-wingers and international elites who are pushing for both national and global transfers of wealth from European-descended people to non-white populations both inside Western countries and on their home continents.
This summer, the UN is slated lo stage a worldwide conference on racism that will discuss the possibility of compensation for alleged acts of “racism” and “colonization” in human history. Mary Robinson, UN high commissioner for human rights, says one possible
Continued on pigs 12
Page 111
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from page 7
having written abrasive memos and smarting-off to superiors. But the judge said because the woman claimed to be suffering from depression, she is protected under ADA. Leo laments, “When the ADA was debated a decade ago, nobody suggested that it might one day~be used to force employers to accept disruptive and insubordinate workers or sales people who curse the customers.” But that’s not true. Actually, conservatives — real ones, not the “nco-” variety — warned of precisely those possible complications. Soft-headed moderates denounced the conservative warnings as extremist nonsense. President George Bush, with the backing of neoconservatives like Leo, bragged in his failed reelection campaign about having convinced Congress to pass ADA.
Jumping the Gun?
State Rep. Miguel P. Garcia has introduced a joint resolution to amend the constitution of New Mexico to change the state’s name to Nuevo Mexico. That may not be necessary. In a few years, the state’s whole population will probably speak Spanish, anyway.
Around the Clock Visiting Hours
Once the land of the free and the home of the brave, America has transformed itself into a hospital. In February, INS officials offered “asylum” to a Pakistani boy on the grounds that his autism will subject him to jeers and taunting back home. The INS says 10 year-old Umair Choudhry is a member of a “persecuted social group ” and therefore entitled to live in the U.S. In the Clinton era the INS offered asylum to homosexuals and battered women on the same grounds. “There are social issues that are being addressed within the framework of asylum that were not addressed in the past, said INS spokesman Russ Bergeron. The JNS apparently finds it necessary to contradict the kind of multiculturalist ideology Americans are spoon-fed from the media and
education establishments. In that view, each culture is relative and cannot be judged by the standards of another culture. But to make its global social work effective, the INS must discriminate among foreign cultural practices to decide which ones are harming the immigrants seeking asylum.

Really, Really Sincere
The Ford Motor Co. announced yet another minority-only benefit program, this time designed simply to increase the profits of existing Hispanic businesses. In a deal with the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, Ford has agreed to sponsor a nationwide series of seminars to tell Hispanics how to become suppliers for the company. Ford already buys $3.5 billion in goods and services from minority suppliers, says George Frame, Ford’s director of dealer development. “This initiative will be the primary engine to drive that number higher and higher,” he says. Renaldo Jensen, Ford’s director of minority supplier development, says the program is all about diversity. “We value diversity in ethnicity, in culture, in thinking... we really, sincerely, value diversity.” Oh yeah? How many Hispanic auto designers does Ford have, Mr. Jensen? How many black engineers? How many blacks live in your home neighborhood? One day, your beneficiaries will force you to really live up to your words.
Pay Up, Play the Role
Adam's Mark Hotel and Resorts, slapped with lawsuits by organized ethnic groups for alleged “discrimination,” announced it would force all 11,000 of its employees to attend re-education camps to learn how to avoid hurting the feelings of dark-skinned people. The program is part of a settlement agreement with the NAACP and the all-seeing U.S. Department of Justice. Adam's Mark also agreed to fori over $8 million as part of the deal. The poor saps at the hotel
Continued on page 12
p** la
Mrou Amfmah News
Th Isa Commission Okays Reparations
Uwym rcpreicniing RA(i include Johnnie Cochran, who helped ftv* accused murdevm OJ. Simpson and Black Panther rcvo-
conHnutd from pagr 11
outcome of the conference is promulgation of a "magna carta" of entitlement for the VKtinnofdft* NfTMnddKcnminatha U.S. Secretin of State Colin Powell haa (adored the ccudmncc. saxing he has a personal nnevett" in Ik
Oklahoma** response to he Tulsa viol report is being monitored doacH b> left-wingers in the U.S. because of the efforts by a consortium of Mack activists and wealthy left-wing lawyers for a OMHutve pay-out of reparations to African Americans for slavery.
Known as the Reparations Assessment Group (RAG), the consortium's lawyers are already fuepnrag a novel lawsuit seeking financial compensation from current white taxpayers for injustices incurred by slaves daring the earner of American history. The group's buyers have argued that the contemporary social, eco-noanc, and educational failures of American Macks are the fault of cfosoownevs 200 years ago.
Iiittonarv Gemnimo Pratt. RAG's attorneys have already won massive race-based settlements for African-Americans against the Department of Agriculture, tobacco companies, a drag company and a funeral home operator.
Lending Oklahoma legislators appear receptive to the Tulsa riot commission's report.
“Some compensation may be in order,*’ says House Speaker Lany Adair. He added, however, that "we need to be very cautious
on making any commitment on how money is spent..."
Gov. Prank Keating, while condemning the 1921 riots, said he did not support reparations to descendants of the alleged victims. Keating said it would be first necessary to prove in a court of law that the state, city and county were liable for the riot.
The commission itself places blame on the government for failing to prevent the violence and punishing those responsible. It charges that public officials at the time deputized white participants, providing them with firearms and ammunition.
Don V Miss Another Issue of M.A. News! Subscribe Today!
Just fill out and mail the coupon on the back cover,:
Newsbriefs from page 11
chain have been sued for racial discrimination seven times in the last 10 years. The Soviet-style re-education, called “sensitivity training," will be conducted using live instruction, videos, and what the company described as "role playing." Aren't you glad you don't work for Adam's Mark?
Justice, Amerlcan-style
American courts permit illegal aliens to sue police for mishaps stemming from the lawbreakers' failure to understand English. A twice-deported Mexican illegal filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against police in Prince Georges County, Maryland, after a police dog bit him in the leg. Alien Ricardo Mendez says because he doesn't speak English, he was unable to obey the commands of police who sicced the dog on him for refusing to comply. The cops were investigating a string of robberies in the area when they came across Mendez and a pal who were apparently living on a rooftop. Mendez was bitten when he moved his hands down toward his pockets after being ordered by cops to keep his hands on his head. Mendez has a history of "misunderstanding." He was kicked out of the U.S. twice for illegal entry. In 1996. he was convicted of possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine. He admitted using five aliases to avoid arrest for violating probation in New Jersey where he was convicted of "unauthorized use of a vehicle" (which normal people call auto theft). Maybe the ACLU can get his convictions overturned on the grounds that because the laws are written in English, Mendez couldn't possibly have known his actions were illegal.
M.A. News Available in Bulk Quantities for Mass Distribution
Clip and Send to:	EBB? „„	«un„
Middle American News	on this coupon for all bulk
Distribution Center	orders.	Thank	youl)
PC. Box 20608 BHD NC 27619
Buy bulk quantities of M.A.News at reduced rates and help spread the word!
□ YES, I want extra copies of the April 2001 issue of Middle American News.
SPREAD THE WORD!
Order bulk quantities of
/uJSIStSAIEUS

Name ___________ ^
Address______________________
Cay/WsSemn
(For USt aUh—ry - street addreaa only, no P.O. Boxes)
ndipto—
(In owe we hove queedona aboul your eider)
O 10 copies for $7.00 □ 25 copies for $13.00 Q 50 copies for $18.00
Endoeed Is H ohecfc for I , tend ms the number of oopiee of the April issue I've checked
n 100 copies lor $30.00 INo charge tor aNppUtg.f
\pn
mi
Use This Coupon to Order! We Pay Shipping!!
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Page 13
♦ ♦
VIEWPOINT
♦ ♦ ♦
"SiNEIJS'
Editor & Publisher Jerry Woodruff Contributors:
Phil Kent Brent Nelson Brendan Long Robert Goldsborough Robert Holland Wayne Lutton John Vinson
Published Monthly by API
$2.00 per issue, $17.00 per year subscription.
To subscribe, send check or money order payable to: Middle American News P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619 (We cannot be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts.)
The issue today is the same as it has been throughout alt history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite.
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Middle American News are not necessarily the views of the American Policy Institute, and are not intended to influence legislation or elections.
CM CCMECM. _
GNEHSUCDUFIE OF QUARTERS.
| NbUCNRlWBY p ft sssmuoN.
ftVERK90MECHJNSE ■ ANDACEMPVEOFw ^CCUPCMS^
Readers’ Forum
A New Environmentalist Convert
As one who grew up in the country, I strongly resented those urban environmentalists who urged putting wolves, grizzly bears, and mountain lions into the countryside. But now 1 can report I’ve had a change of heart. I am looking for help to return rattlesnakes to Central Park in New York and other major city parks.
Maj. E. D. N.
Treasure Island, Florida
How to Improve
I have a suggestion to improve readership; namely, go for color, pictures, and shorter text.
While I am a college graduate, the text and flat dry format discourages reading. The material is more like a sociology or philosophy course than a hardhitting expose of some our problems.
You would gain a larger audience to put more punch and sparkle into the paper.
Mr.FXJi	™ /
Houston, Texas
Unfortunately, color printing dramatically increases our costs as does the use of photos. We try to provide a balance of “long” and “short” articles. Your point, however, is a very good one, and we hope to gradually make some improvements over
time. —Ed
Whose Anthem Will Be Sung?
About unlimited immigration: I'm afraid it’s only a matter of time that we'll hear the national anthem performed by a mariachi band sung in
Spanish. The only remaining question is, whose national anthem will it be?
Mr. A.Z.
W. Sedona, Arizona
Energy for Prosperity
The March 2001 issue of Middle American News was typically great; revealing news, insights, and viewpoints that were right on the mark, and invaluable; and certainly not conveniently found elsewhere. The only anomaly to this in the March issue was the patently absurd and ludicrous Viewpoint column, “Prosperity Not Measured in Dollars” by Charley Reese, who normally expresses good common sense. But in this column Mr. Reese states, among other things, that “prosperity n America is due to energy consumption.”
If that were true, all we’d have to do is turn on all our lights, engines, motors, radios, TV’s, computers, etc., and we’d be close to heaven before long.
We could then go crazy building power plants to consume our remaining coal, natural gas, oil, and other limited resources.
Energy consumption may accompany prosperity, but need not. It can also eventually put a halt to prosperity. Prosperity derives from using resources efficiently and frugally and for worthy purposes.
Basically, the fact is that unlimited immigration nearly doubling the population of California in just over 10 years and lackluster energy conservation measures are at least as responsible for that unfortunate state's woes as the lack of regional planning among western states and use of better energy sources, and lack of new power plants are.
Add to this the energy-wasting and polluting
habits of the recent California immigrants and you have a prescription for disaster.
Current research and development efforts indicate that in only 10 to 15 years, vast amounts of renewable, non-polluting energy sources will be available that will allow us to abandon the internal combustion engine and fuel true prosperity. These include a new generation of powerful electric batteries and zero-polluting fuel cells utilizing hydrogen that produce only water vapor as a byproduct to be released from motor vehicle tailpipes.
These, and other steps, would represent true progress and would lead to true, sustainable prosperity.
Mr. S.S.
Silver Spring, Maryland
----- Letters--------
Letters for Readers' Forum should be mailed to:
Readers Forum
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh. NC 27619
Phone: 919-839-1001 Fax: 919-839-2181 Email address: manewsOmanews.org Web Site: www.manews.org
(Letters may be edited tor space. We regret that due to the high volume ot mall, we cannot be responsible lot returning unsolicited manuscripts.)
mm	April	?00T
Muot£ American News
VIEWPOINT
By Elizabeth Howard
Washington Correspondent
Guilty Conscience. Democrats and other leftists damned John Ashcroft as unfit for national office — not because he was a “'racist" but because he was not sufficiently “sensitive" to the feelings of minorities. He had hardly been sworn in as Attorney General when Sen. Robert Byrd (D-WVX a former member of the KKK. used the word “'nigger" on national television. Not a single member of the self-righteous anti-Ashcroft chorus had the intellectual honesty to even hint that Byrd, 83, known laughingly as “the conscience of the Senate,” should fold his tent and steal quietly into retirement....
The Good News. Thanks to redistricting and the numbing failure of Democrats in the past three elections to re-take the House, record numbers may not seek re-election next year. John Baldacci (D-ME), Rod Blagojevich (D-1L), Tom Barrett (D-WI), David Bonior (D-MI), Jim Kolbe (R-AZ), Steve Largent (R-OK), Bob Ehrlich (R-MDk Jerry Moran (R-KS), Todd Tiahrt (R-KS) and John Thune (R-SD) are said to be interested in running for governor. Several want to move up to the Senate: John Cooksey (R-LA) may challenge Sen. Mary Landrieu (D); Lindsey Graham (R-SC) has announced for the seat being vacated by Strom Thurmond (R); at least four GOP North Carolina congressman are considering a run if Sen: Jesse Helms (R) retires; and Greg Ganske (R-IA) has formed an exploratory committee for a challenge to Sen.
Tom Harldn (D). Zoe Lofgren (D-CA), staunch Clinton puppet during impeachment, may run for mayor of San Jose....
GOP: Gutless Old Party. The biggest impediment to a real congressional probe of Clinton's bought-and-paid-for, last-minute pardons may be GOP leadership. House Speaker Dennis Hastert recently described the investigation as “winding down” and Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott says, “I’d be inclined to move on.” Lott, who kept the Senate from holding an honest impeachment trial two years ago, was too scared to figtt when Clinton was in office, and is still chicken to play hardball with the
UeazebaJJ___ClmioD has “declined” an “invitation" to meet with a Senate committee
to discuss his pardon of fugitive financier Marc Rich. If GOP senators had any hair on their chests, Clinton would be subpoenaed and cited for contempt of Congress if he failed to appear. But then, how can anyone help but feel contempt for these gutless wonders?.,.
Greed Sever Dies. Not content with “cost of living” pay hikes that took effect in January, some greedy congressmen are now pushing for a tax-free payment of S165 to each member for every day Congress is in session. (That’s as much as $23,000 for a typical 150-day yearly session.) Bob Ney (R-OH), chairman of the Administration Committee, is fronting the proposal. Both Speaker Hastert and Minority Leader Gephardt turned thumbs down on the idea for political reasons, but later relented and agreed to further "discuss” the idea. The money grabbers include such “diverse” members as John Doolittle (R-CA) and openly racist Maxine Waters (D-CA) and other of her cohorts in the Black Caucus....
Clinton Wins Again. During last year’s election, VP candidate Dick Cheney hinted that C linton's "national monument” land-grabs could be rescinded under a Bush Administration. Now that the GOP has the power to do so, the wimp party says it will not even attempt to make good on that veiled promise....
White Males Need Not Apply. Rep. Nita Lowey (D-NY), new chairthing of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, has created a 25-member board of directors to oversee the DCCC. Always PC, she put black Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-NY) in charge of the group.... Rangel, who pushed for economic sanctions against the "oppressive” white government of South Africa, is working hard to lift similar sanctions against Castro’s Cuba.... The Congressional Black Caucus (all D) is actively promoting an offer from Castro for 500 “low-income Americans” (with a quota of 50 percent black) to come to his people's paradise and get free medical educations. “This is an exciting idea, and I just hope that politics don’t get in the way,” gushed Rep. Jose Serrano (D-NY).....,.
Running Scared. Secretary of State Colin Powell was testifying recently before the House International Affairs Committee when suddenly — in mid-questioning — it was announced that he “had to leave.” It's hardly a coincidence that the next questioner was Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX), who isn't shy about discussing the questionable constitutionality of many government actions. “I'll bet you were going to ask him some really tough questions, weren't you?” a colleague commented to Paul after Powell's timid retreat....
Institutional Greed. Republican committee chairmen in the House have demanded S224 million to run their panels. That’s an overall 24% increase over the previous Congress, Milur Oxley (R-OH) of Financial Services asked for a staggering 62% hike, Ways and Means' Bill I bomat (R-CA) sought a 35% increase, James
Sensenbrenner (R-WI) of Judiciary wanted 27% more, and Billy Tauzin (R-LA) of Energy and Commerce demanded a 23% boost. Only the Armed Services and Rules committees were seeking as little as 10% more. No final decisions had been made at presstime....
Revisionist History. During his State of the Union address, George W. Bush cited President John Kennedy’s tax cut, which dramatically spurred the economy in the 1960s. Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-MA) shook his head violently “no” and refused to applaud the reference to his brother.
Truth has never mattered to Teddy, of course.... Pandering to special interests. Rep. Robert Wexler (D-FL) has introduced legislation to force the Pentagon to review the records of all Jewish war veterans who received the Distinguished Service Cross, the Navy Cross or the Air Force Cross — to see if any can be found to qualify retroactively for the Congressional Medal of Honor. Quota-mongering Wexler is aided and abetted in this unabashedly exclusionary venture by Joseph Crowley (D-NY), Eric Cantor (R-VA) and Benjamin Gilman (R-NY)....
The Rea! Haters. Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA), commenting on conservative colleague Bob Barr (R-GA): “...for many years now my feeling has been that if Bob Barr caught on fire and I was holding a bucket of water, it would be a great act of discipline to pour it on him. I would do it, but I’d hate myself in the morning”.... Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-NY) was so desperate for “face time” on TV to trash Bush's State of the Union speech that she nearly knocked over 98-year old Sen. Strom Thurmond (R-SC) in her rush to the cameras in the crowded Capitol rotunda. Thurmond, who has been in ill health, was reportedly kept from falling by Ted Kennedy.... While Republicans are told that they must be deferential to the Democrats they defeated in last year’s election. Sen. Joe Lieberman (D-CT) says he considers himself “vice-president of the government in exile”....
Rather Fight Than Switch. Rep. Leonard Boswell (D-IA) has turned down a GOP offer to switch parties. Boswell was unhappy because he had not received a seat on the coveted Appropriations Committee, which he had been promised by Minority Leader Gephardt. Republicans offered him a seat as a bribe to change parties. After Boswell declined. Republican Congressional Campaign Committee chairman Tom Davis (R-VA) asked the leadership to leave the seat empty, as bait for other potential converts. Instead, it was assigned to Don Sherwood (R-PA), who needed the committee’s clout to raise money, since he had won his last two elections by very slim margins. Word is that unsuccessful attempts have also been made to woo Ken Lucas (D-KY) and Collin Peterson (D-MN) to the GOP side of the aisle...
Emptiest Head in the House? Both Rep. Patrick Kennedy (D-RI) and Sen. Lincoln Chafee (R-RI), who succeeded his father in the Senate last year, have admitted past cocaine use. ““Now when I hear someone talking about a Rhode Island politician whose father was a senator and who got to Washington based on his family name, used cocaine and wasn’t very smart, 1 know there’s only a 50/50 chance it’s me,” the breathtakingly inane Kennedy boasted recently. Bet on it, Patrick, it’s still you they’re talking about....
Ethically Challenged. Two watchdog groups, one from the left and one from the right, are asking for a House ethics committee probe of Rep. Jim Moran’s (D-VA) $25,000 personal loan from a lobbyist just five days before he signed on as co-sponsor of a bill benefitting a firm the lobbyist represented. Moran failed to report the loan on his disclosure form, a lapse similar to one that sent a conservative congressman to jail....
Election 2002. Here we go again: Another member of America’s royal family may condescend to let the people vote him into office. Mark Shriver of the Kennedy clan is making noises about running against ““moderate” left Rep. Connie Morelia (R-MD). Such a substitution would not amount to much change in the seat's voting pattern, but would give the Dems one more seat toward control of the House... Sixteen-term Rep. Joe Moakley (D-MA), who has announced that he has incurable leukemia, will not seek re-election.... Sen. Max Baucus (D-MT), accused of sexual harassment last year, is ranking Dem on the Finance Committee, assuring him of millions in “campaign contributions” (legal bribes) from fatcat interest groups. Nevertheless, he sent a mailing to former aides and interns, requesting the maximum $2,000 contribution for next year’s election. Some of these people make less than $25,000 a year, say congressional sources.... Following Sen. Max Cleland’s (D-GA) vote against confirmation of Ashcroft for Attorney General, Reps. Saxby Chambliss and Boh Harr (both R-(iA) are reportedly considering taking him on in 2002. Most likely, one will bow out and support the other if either is actually willing to give up a relatively safe House seat....
GOP Needs to Learn Lesson of Demography
Official recounts in Florida have now shown that George W. Bush really did win the presidential election of2000, so all the grouse and whine from the Democrats and the Black Caucus about the Bush presidency being “illegitimate” turns out to be as wrong as it was ill-tempered. But what other counting shows is that neither President Bush nor the Republicans should be complacent.
It's not Florida they need to worry about but California.
Late in January, the London Financial Times surveyed the political scene in California and found that the GOP is in trouble there. It was in trouble last year, when it lost five congressional seats to the Democrats, but it’s going to find itself in even deeper trouble in the near future.
The cause of the trouble, as the Times puts it, lies in “California’s demographics, rather than in political manipulation.” Though the Bush campaign spent about SI5 million in the state last year and a great deal of time campaigning for its votes, and the Democrats spent little time or money there. Bush nevertheless walked off with only 3 percent more votes in California than Bob Dole did in 1996. The reason lies in the state's changing ethnic composition.
“Fresh data show a continuing shift of Latino and Asian voters into the Democrat camp,” the Times points out, “which could 'fundamentally alter' elections, leadership and policy choices, according to leading pollsters.”
The quotation comes from California's Public Policy Institute, which has published a study of electoral and demographic trends in the state.
The study finds that “Latino voters are increasing in numbers as registration drives advance and registering themselves ‘overwhelmingly’ as Democratic supporters.” Indeed, the trend toward the Democrats there is such as to be '‘moulding the foundations of a as the Times comments.
Latinos and Asians, who also tend to vote Democrat, will account for half the state's population within 20 years, and since last year whites “have officially represented less than half the citizenry.”
Well, of course, none of this should be news. Most serious students of immigration have predicted for years that Hispanic immigrants would support the Democrats or other left-wing parties and that Republicans would suffer because if it. The Republicans have repeatedly been warned about this, but virtually none paid any attention.
Instead, what we heard was that immigrants have “strong family values,” are “hard-working” and “socially conservative” and would naturally gravitate to the GOP if only the xenophobes and anti-immigration types would shut up and stop scaring them away.
As a result. Republicans in Congress and the party leadership totally abandoned the winning issue of immigration control, and one of the great virtues Bush was supposed to bring to the GOP ticket was his commitment to more legal immigration and his strong support from Hispanics.
We now know that none of that helped. Bush still lost the Hispanic vote nationally by an overwhelming 31 percent to A1 Gore’s 67 percent.
We now know too that California, vital to the Republican future as a national party, will be lost to the Republicans — precisely because of the immigration the party refused to control and what some Republican strategists have dubbed the “Hispanic strategy,” by which Hispanic voters were supposed to be pulled into the party’s ranks.
But the dismal flop of the GOP’s Hispanic strategy and its pro-immigration policies arc not the only lessons to be learned. The most important lesson is that it may still not be too late for the Republicans to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat.
The way to do so is to forget trying to woo Hispanics and start trying to consolidate the white vote — both in California and the rest of the nation.
Critics will sneer that this is a loser’s strategy, that whites already tend to support the Republicans and that it’s too hard to try to win more of them.
But the truth is that in the Southern states, the overwhelmingly white Republicans routinely win elections, despite overwhelmingly black voting solidarity for the Democrats and despite the electorates of the Southern suites being about 40 percent Mack. Republicans win in the South because Southern whites there vote together -just as blacks, Hispanics, Asians and other ethnic and racial groups do.
Nobody but whites outside the South really believes that race and ethnicity don’t matter; at least no other group votes that way.
If the Republicans want to win California and even remain competitive as a national party, they’re going to have to wake up and see that their “Hispanic strategy" and their refusal to support immigration control have failed disastrously, and they’re also going to have to learn and act upon the real lesson of the 2000 election that race drives American politics and will do so far into the ftiture.
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www. creators-com.
Immigration Soon Will Be Uncontrollable
Many Americans know about the Texas town of El Cenizo, which not long ago announced it would not allow federal immigration laws to be enforced within its precincts and actually outlawed any city employee from enforcing them.
Back then neither the president of the United States nor his attorney general nor even the governor of Texas — an hombre named George W. Bush — bothered to do or say much of anything about what was essentially a public announcement of rebellion.
Now, not too surprisingly, other towns in the same region are following its example. One such town is that of Mesa, Ariz., near Phoenix, where the mayor, Keno Hawker, recently proposed that the local police help federal immigration authorities enforce immigration laws. Of course, that’s exactly the opposite of El Cenizo, but it didn’t last long.
No sooner had the mayor uttered his suggestion than the brown battalions swung into action. A group called the Mesa Association of Hispanic Citizens declared a “Keno Watch” to keep an eye on the mayor, and “monitor the political actions and announcements of Mayor Hawker and the City Council and identify those which are detrimental to the Hispanic community.” The group also leagued with what the Arizona Republic calls “about half a dozen other Hispanic groups” and vowed to initiate civil-rights proceedings against the city if its cops actually dared to enforce the law.
It also announced that the coalition would investigate the local police for discrimination in hiring, approach federal agencies about employment opportunities in the city for Hispanics and intensify voter-registration efforts. On top of all that, a representative of one of the chief Hispanic racist groups, the National Council of La Raza (“the Race”), popped up to denounce the mayor and sputter yet more threats of what would happen if anyone in town enforced the law. “Surely this is not what Mayor Hawker wants for his city or his constituents,” purred La Raza’s Lot Diaz. Well, no, probably not. What Hawker seems to have wanted was just to do his job, which is executing the laws of his city and those of the federal government when applicable — as they certainly are in Arizona — where thousands of illegal immigrants have poured over the border for the last couple of years. Nor is it exactly what the American people want, the vast majority of whom would like less immigration as well as a bit more law enforcement, both to keep the illegals out as well as to protect themselves from the illegals who sneak in.
But, thanks to the racial solidarity of Hispanics, their willingness to use their collective racial power to force themselves into this country despite the laws and the availability of federal power to help them against real Americans, what the American people want means virtually nothing.
Hawker has not backed down, but he hasn’t exactly been pushing forward, either. He now says he should have consulted local Hispanic leaders to “get their input on the plan.” Why? Does the FBI meet with Italian-Americans before cracking down on La Cosa Nostra? Only if we assume that the “local Hispanic leaders” are somehow representative of the illegal aliens invading the country do the leaders have any connection with a simple law-enforcement plan.
The mayor also announced he would “work with Hispanic groups and said that race will not play a part in how the Police Department performs its duties.” “I’m opposed to any type of racial profiling but not criminal profiling,” he assured everyone. Bully for the mayor! If he’s really against “racial profiling” in hiring, he’ll soon get the boot from the mayor’s office, since “racial profiling” for hiring is more generally known as affirmative action. Racial profiling is OK for discriminating against whites; it’s just taboo when used against non-white criminals.
Diaz says that other towns have tried to pull the same stunt of enforcing the law that Mesa tried, but they haven’t gotten away with it either. She named San Jose and Farmersville, Calif., and Katy, Texas — but “in all cases, the cities abandoned their plans when faced with civil-rights violations and lawsuits.”
The plain meaning of the Mesa story is this: Immigration policy — who and how many people we allow to enter our country — is ceasing to lie in the hands of Americans or their legal government. Once immigration has reached a certain level, neither our laws nor the officials who make and enforce the laws are able to stop it, and power naturally passes to the immigrants and those allied with them.
In Mesa, as in El Cenizo and the other towns Diaz mentioned, that point has already been reached. If immigration is not halted very soon, the entire nation will reach it before long.
To find out more about Samuel Francis. and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www. creators, com.
COPYRIGHT 2001 CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC1
Samuel Francis
one-party state,”
Ply 16
. Moon American News
VIEWPOINT
We Need to Learn From School Shooting
The school shooting near San Diego is a tragedy, and an even bigger tragedy is that chances are nobod> will learn anything useful from it
The superstitious and the ignorant will, of course, try to blame the firearm. They might as well blame the kid's shoes or shirts or argue that some witch cast a spell over him.
A firearm is an inanimate, lifeless machine. It cannot do anything on its own but lie in one place until time and oxidation destroys it. To blame a gun for homicide is like giving credit to a hammer for a new house. One would think that, by the 21st century, we would have given up superstition and emotionalism.
No. The boy, Andy Williams, is the one charged with doing it. And the question is why. People say that he was bullied and picked on. OK. but lots of kids are bullied and picked on. and they don't shoot anybody. What is it about this particular boy that caused that particular reaction to being bullied and picked on?
I don't pretend to know, but someone besides cops and lawyers should be talking to this kid. No doubt he will be tried as an adult and put in prison. That’s the end of his life. If he survives physically, he’s almost sure to die spiritually and mentally. It is often said that prisons are country clubs, but state prisons are not, and most federal prisons are not. The only possible good that could be gleaned from this tragedy is know ledge that might help spot another troubled kid before he or she explodes.
Even that’s being overly optimistic, I realize. Certainly one contributing factor is that today's large, public high schools simply make it impossible for the faculty and staff to observe the students closely. Even if they knew what to look for. with so many students, it would be pure chance if they spotted someone headed for violence.
Mind controls body. It’s what is in a kid’s mind that moves him to shoot. Because, according to police, he shot no one in particular but just people who, by chance, were near him. we could infer that he was expressing a generalized hatred for students — perhaps for humans in general.
The natural state of man is to love and to desire to be loved. Something or some things apparently interfered with this natural impulse. Certainly the boy lives in a culture of death. Abortion, if nothing else, sends the message that life is not valuable and can be disposed of. So does the gratuitous violence in entertainment. So does capital punishment. So does random bombing by the U.S. government. So does the news media's incessant attention to violence, whiefi certainly sends a message that one way to get your 15 minutes of feme is to shoot m few people.
Let's face it, there isn't much in our culture that says life is a precious gift of God and should be cherished. Still, every child lives in that same culture. Reality is always more complex than we would prefer. There are, no doubt, multiple factors and multiple interactions that produced the violence.
For people of my generation, this situation is a mystery. When I was a kid, we got into fights fairly frequently at school or after school. We all had far more access to firearms than kids.do today. Yet it never occurred to us to kill anybody. The people we usually got into fights with were friends. In the heat of sudden anger, we would exchange a few pops, and then it passed, like a cloud sliding past the sun. I cannot recall ever feeling hatred for anybody, not even for the Germans and Japanese during World War II.
If. as I suspect, all hatred begins with self-hatred, then simply being happy probably saved my generation. I wish this poor kid had been happy, too.
© 2001 by King Features Syndicate
Charley Reese
rviucRc
id make:
RETURNING THE
wunxuousc^j
FURNTIWCC I LIFTED I
The More Things Change...
Sooner or later. Republicans elated over having elected a president who is a gargantuan improvement over his predecessor will come to realize that most of our basic problems remain unsolved.
That’s not because of the president. The reason is that politics can only offer a Band-Aid approach to the human condition. The traditional Christian worldview explains this through the concept of fallen man. To the traditional Christian, utopia will never be realized on this earth because human beings
are flawed creatures.
The evidence of history is on the side of the Christian viewpoint Utopians generally become so disappointed that they fall into nihilism, which eventually destroys them.
I now have the perspective of having lived through the administrations of Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, Dwight Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George Bush, Bill Clinton and now George W. Bush. I’ve seen the New Deal, the Fair Deal, the New Federalism, the New Frontier, the Great Society, the War on Poverty and whatever other slogans have been bounced around.
And guess what? Things are pretty much the same. Some problems have been solved, and new ones have appeared. Some problems remain unsolved. People continue to grouse about public education. Transportation problems continue. Pollution problems continue. Cyclical economic problems continue. Crime, divorce, illegitimacy, disease, foreign conflicts, poverty — you name it, it’s still around.
Utopians are like a rhinoceros trying to stamp out a forest fire. All too often in their frustration they become dangerous. Instead of recognizing that their schemes are Hawed, they begin to see their perfect society being frustrated by people. If we can only get rid of those people, then the scheme would work, they say, and the blood begins to flow.
Government is a particularly clumsy and dangerous tool for problem solving. It is exactly what our first Christian president, George Washington, said it is — force. It’s not that government cannot be useful, but what it can’t do is comfort, nurture, love or care for us. I contend that it cannot even educate us.
The fact that our new president will consider his education program a resounding success if he can force this half-trillion-dollar behemoth that is public education to teach children to read is a damning indictment. You can teach your children to read.
But, as a preacher said in the 1880s, if all you mean by education is teaching people to read, then all you will have accomplished is to create a mass market for trash literature.
How’s that for a prophetic statement? Literate is not a synonym for educated. In fact, more than half of all the prison population has a high-school diploma or its equivalency.
Most people, I think, long to have meaning in their lives and to be as reasonably happy as mortal beings — subject to pain and doomed to die — can be. In this, government is helpless.
Americans need more religion and less government. And if you can’t believe in an eternal being, then try classical Buddhism, which is not deity-based. Or philosophy. Just don’t expect politicians and government to make you happy. The idols of politics, entertainment and drugs are all false gods.
It would help if newspapers were not addicted to government news. They are, though, because that’s the easiest kind of news to get. Politicians make sure it is easy.
© 2001 by King Features Syndicate
VIEWPOINT
Middle American News
Page 17
Death By Immigration
In 1973, the prize-winning French novelist Jean Raspail published “The Camp of the Saints." An English language edition appeared in 1975 to general acclaim. Publishers Weekly declared the book to be “remarkable ... riveting." The Wall Street Journal's Edmond Fuller said, “Sensational." Linell Smith in the Baltimore Sun said, “No reader will remain unaffected by the questions it raises." The Library Journal said, “This book will succeed in shocking and challenging the complacent contemporary mind.”
R&spail's story is about the arrival on the ritzy Mediterranean coast of France of an armada of 100 decrepit ships carrying 800,000 Indians. By the time the fleet arrives the French government, which has tracked the voyage hour by hour, has collapsed in a paroxysm of white guilt. The Indians come ashore unopposed. Others follow.
France disappears and, also, all of Europe.
The San Francisco Chronicle called Raspail’s tale “audacious and imaginative fiction."
A quarter century later, Raspail’s fiction is hard news.
Early Saturday morning, Feb. 17, a decrepit ship, the Cambodian-registered East Sea, loaded with 1000 Iraqi Kurds packed shoulder to shoulder, was intentionally beached in a sandbank about 20 yards off Boulouris Beach near the resort of Nice.
The French seemed ecstatic over the arrival. “It’s a miracle that these people are here," declared Jean-Jacques Raymond. “We are going to feed them, give them water and let them rest”
Feed stray cats and you will have a menagerie. Provide welfare and you will attract clients. How many ships laden with human cargo will follow the East Sea? Will real life now follow the Camp of the Saints?
To reach France, Third World invaders must cross seas. To reach the United States, Mexicans only have to walk across the border. Hordes of them do. Harvard Professor Samuel P. Huntington, author of “The Clash of Civilizations,” says,
“Mexican immigration is a unique, disturbing and looming challenge to our cultural integrity, our national identity and potentially to our future as a country.
“If over 1 million Mexican soldiers crossed the border,” Huntington says, “Americans would treat it as a major threat to their national security and react accordingly." Why then do we not react as vigorously to the invasion of 1 million Mexican civilians?
The answer, Huntington says, is that Americans are brainwashed by two half- I truths. One half-truth is that we are a nation of immigrants. The other is that our commonality is creedal. That is, our national identity is defined by political beliefs, not by religion, race or culture.
Huntington notes that there is a basic distinction and fundamental difference between settlers and immigrants. The United States originated as a settler nation. It was Anglo-Protestant settlers who cast the die and created the United States. Immigrants came later. Immigrants came for personal reasons — to take advantage of the opportunity an open society offered a person to get ahead.
Until 1965 immigration worked, because it was European, and immigrants assimilated to the settlers’ culture. Now the question is, “What do immigrants assimilate
tor
Harvard Law School Professor Alan Dershowitz thinks Huntington is asking the wrong question. He looks at it the other way round and seems to say that the settlers must assimilate to the immigrants’ cultures; otherwise, we are violating civil-rights law and discriminating against foreign races and creeds.
In the Los Angeles Times, Dershowitz takes umbrage that “the very first act of the new Bush administration was to have a Protestant minister dedicate the inauguration, invoking ‘the Father, the Son, the Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit.’” Dershowitz says this is “particularistic and parochial language" and excludes “the tens of millions of Americans who are Muslims, Jews, Buddhists, Shintoists, agnostics and atheists."
After 35 years of non-white, non-European immigration, the American settlers’ culture is no longer the basis for assimilation. It is a particularistic culture and no longer provides a basis for national unity. To require immigrants to assimilate to this culture would, Dershowitz says, coerce them into violating their own creeds.
The multicultural approach to civil rights does not support assimilation. To make immigrants assimilate is to deny their authenticity and constitutes a form of harassment. Multicultural intellectuals and Democratic politicians have turned immigration into cultural invasion that uses civil-rights laws to attack the settlers’ culture.
As he so often does, Dershowitz has put the matter clearly. Because of the massive Third World immigration that Ted Kennedy and the Democratic Party deceived the country into accepting, our culture has become divisive and can no longer be practiced, at least not in public by the president. Unity is out the window. The settlers' culture is just another interest group that must lobby in Washington for its share of the spoils.
COPYRIGHT2001 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Timid Tax Cutters
People are impressed that President Bush has withstood intimidation by the political left. He did not cut and run, and is sticking to his course. He moved forward by submitting his tax-rate-reduction bill prior to staffing his government.
Bush is trying to lead our country. His success — and ours — will depend on the maturity of the American people. After decades of brainwashing by leftwing-dominated universities, entertainment, and print and TV media, the American people might experience difficulties responding to Bush’s leadership.
A great deal has been lost over the past half century. When you think about the erosion in shared beliefs, culture, moral behavior, political and religious values, and the legal system, there are few positive points where a president can anchor leadership.
Politicians in the Democratic Party base their leadership on denunciation. They lead by arousing emotions against enemies — racists, sexists, homophobes, polluters, the “religious right,” big business, “the rich,” the “white hegemonic order," gun owners. Big Tobacco, militarism and the United States itself, in the case of the Vietnam War.
Republicans can’t replicate this style of leadership. It is difficult to imagine politiciansattacking atheists, immoralists, sexual promiscuity, anti-Americanism, thedeconstruction of truth, fact, meaning and scholarship, myth-making as an academic exercise, propaganda as news, and NOW and the NAACP as lobbyists for privileges and unequal rights.
Republicans don’t have the armies of university professors, reporters, editorialists, publishing houses and Hollywood entertainers to demonize their opponents. It is difficult for politicians to attack those who have not been set up for attack. Democrats were able to vote en mass against confirming John Ashcroft as attorney general,because feminist, minority and anti-religious interest groups did the dirty work of turning Ashcroft into an ogre.
There’s no one to make ogres out of Democrats. Attorney General Janet Renorepeatedly did not enforce the law — despite protests from the director of the FBI and Justice Department officials — because she deemed it more important to protect Bill Clinton and Al Gore. She was clearly corrupt, but her corruption could not become an issue. In contrast, Ashcroft had to endure the humiliation of repeatedly expressed skepticism that he would enforce the law.
The inability to demonize their opponents puts Republicans at a great disadvantage in an era in which Democrats lead by denouncing wrongs and wrongdoers. This political disability has caused Republicans to mute their own policy approaches in deference to the Democrats’ propaganda successes.
Thus, while moving ahead with his tax-reduction bill. Bush has deferred to Democrats by providing those who pay most of the taxes the least relief. The top 1 percent of taxpayers pay 34.8 percent of federal personal income taxes. Bush proposes to cut their top tax rate from 39.6 percent to 33 percent, a reduction of 16.6 percent. In other words, “the rich" are receiving in tax relief less than half of their contribution to the surplus.
In contrast, the poor, who pay very little of the personal income tax, are receiving a 33.3 percent reduction in tax rates (from 15 percent to 10 percent).
As the bottom half of taxpayers only pay 4.2 percent of the federal income tax, the poor are receiving a tax rate reduction that is 8 times their contribution to the surplus.
A fair tax cut would keep the relative burden the same by cutting everyone's rates by the same percentage. Bush’s tax cut redistributes income from the top to the bottom by redistributing the tax burden from the bottom to the top. Bush's tax bill is unfair because it does too little for “the rich," not because it does too much as Democrats claim.
Nothing better illustrates the power of left-wing propaganda than the ability of Democrats to characterize a tax bill that discriminates against the rich as one that favors the rich.
Republicans are impotent in the face of the Democrats' assault on fact. The media floods our consciousness with lies. Public debate is so distorted by misrepresentations that Republicans are afraid to propose a fair tax cut.
The success of Reagan's tax cut argues for a repeat performance, but Bush's bill is timid by comparison. Bush's plan phases in a much smaller reduction in tax rates over a much longer time period. Over a five-year period. Bush's bill lowers people's tax rates about 1 percentage point per year.
Such timidity is a sure sign that Democrats rule even when they are not in office.
Dr. Roberts' latest book, "The tyranny of Good Intentions, “ has just been released by Prima Publishers. To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
Paul Craig Roberts
April 2001
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Amnesties Give Green Light to Illegal Aliens
Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-lll., thinks illegal immigration is great for America. Philanthropist that he is, the congressman wants to give us more of a good thing.
Gutierrez has filed legislation to allow virtually every illegal alien in the country (an estimated 5 million) to stay.
Those who arrived before Feb. 6, 1996, would immediately qualify for a green card Those who came between that date and Feb. 6, 2001, could apply for legal residency after five years.
“People in this country know they are benefiting from the work of undocumented workers." Gutierrez argues. “Why not grant them the dignity and justice that comes with permanent legal residency?" Dignity and justice are euphemisms for government benefits and the ability to bring in their relatives.
A Gutierrez aide says illegals are doing “essential jobs" and God help the economy if — spurred by our ingratitude — they go home.
And what do we do with these largely uneducated, untrained workers if the economy heads south, as indicators suggest it might?
Instead of benefits, Americans are more apt to associate illegal immigration with words like crime, disease and loss of national identity.
Contagious diseases like tuberculosis and leprosy arc reappearing in this country, thanks to illegal immigration. Peter Brimlow, author of “Alien Nation,'" reports that several years ago, senior probation officers in Orange County, Calif., estimated that up to 80 percent of their cases involved illegals.
Amnesties tell inhabitants of the impoverished Third World that if they can sneak past the Border Patrol, Uncle Softie will eventually welcome them with open arms.
They also say to the foreigners who are patiently waiting for permission to immigrate (sometimes up to 18 years): “Suckers!"
The Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 amnestied 2.8 million. According to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, there are more illegals in the country now.
Amnestied aliens can immediately sponsor their spouses and dependent children for residence. If they become citizens, they can sponsor parents and siblings.
it's difficult to get demographics on “undocumented workers.” (If someone breaks into your house, is he an “uninvited guest"?) However, in 1992 the INS surveyed those amnestied in 1986. Only 15 percent spoke English, though all had been here for at least a decade; 80 percent used public health services. On average, they had a seventh-grade education.
Democrats support this dubious contribution to the general welfare, with a wink and a nod, because they directly benefit from the support of ethnic lobbies eager to increase their numbers.
Republicans lack the courage to do anything positive about the problem, though most in Congress oppose mass amnesties. They are convinced that by keeping a low profile they can do better with the Hispanic vote.
In the past campaign. President Bush refused to support initiatives to end bilingual education or recognize English as our official language. He ended up with about 35 percent of the Latino vote and congratulated himself for improving the Republican position.
However, as the National Review's John O’Sullivan notes, this still means that -for every 100 illegal immigrants who come here (most from South of the border) and become citizens, the GOP will have a net loss of 30 votes.
By not defending our sovereignty. Republicans miss an opportunity to appeal to the majority of Americans who understand that illegal immigration undermines national identity. (Bush took only 54 percent of the white vote in 2000.) It’s also a way to court lower-income blacks, the chief victims of cheap illegal-immigrant labor.
On Feb. 16, Bush met with Mexican President Vicente Fox, who pressed him to be lenient with Mexicans who’ve infiltrated the United States. During the election, Dubya said, "I'm not prepared to embrace amnesty because 1 don't think the commitment's there yet to do anything on the border." This is Bush-speak for: We have to plug our porous border before we can consider compassion for lawbreakers.
Illegal immigration benefits Americans the way treason enhances national security.
Don Feder
Statehood for DC and Berkeley?
The politicians who control our nation's capital and their allies in the Democratic Party arc about to try again to make the District of Columbia a state - an idea that, for sheer stupidity, ranks right up there with medical marijuana, doctor-assisted suicide and reparations for slavery.
Last October, they lost a bid to get congressional representation without statehood I by having it bestowed by judicial fiat, when the Supreme Court confirmed a lower-court ruling dismissing their suit. Occasionally, even judges are capable of reading the Constitution.
Article 1 says Congress shall be composed of members chosen by the “people of the several States." D.C. isn't a state, so its people don't get to choose.
Undaunted, activists are ginning up another drive for “New Columbia." Eleanor
Holmes Norton, the district’s nonvoting delegate, is expected to file a new I statehood bill.
Coming off their performance in Florida's presidential vote. Democrats are prepared to race-bait here, as well. Opponents will be portrayed as Republican racists seeking to prevent a city that’s two-thirds black and overwhelmingly Democratic from being represented in Congress.
It's not as if Washington lost representation on the day it became a black city. It never had it, including for most of its history when whites were in the majority. With an appeal to the Founding Fathers, statehood proponents complain that residents are taxed, but not represented. Not quite. Washington is governed by an elected city council. Thanks to the 23rd Amendment, its citizens vote in presidential elections.
It does lack congressional representation. Statehood forces decry this as colonialism. If so, D.C. residents are subjects by choice. No one is forced to live in the District. If Washingtonians are so keen to vote in congressional elections, they can do so by moving a few miles away to I Virginia or Maryland.
The District of Columbia is as qualified for statehood as Rhode Island is for nationhood.
The city has no industry or agriculture. It is wholly dependent on the federal government and tourism. In the 2000 federal budget, it received a direct subsidy of $435 million, over $800 for each resident. 1 thought colonies were supposed to be exploited by the colonial power, and not the other way around.
Los Angeles and New York City don’t get their own senators, so why should a city many times smaller? And. unlike Washington, the latter have an existence apart from government.
Washington is a company town. A high proportion of residents rely on government, federal or local, for their incomes. Municipal government comes super-sized In 1997, L.A. had 134 city employees per 100,000 population. Washington had more than five times that number.
In 1982, the city’s voters approved a proposed state constitution for New Columbia by better than a 60 percent margin. The document guaranteed a job or income to every resident, provided for a right to abortion through the ninth month and banned discrimination based on sexual orientation.
It proved such an embarrassment to statehood proponents that it was replaced in 1987 by a constitution bearing less of a resemblance to the platform of the Socialist Workers Party. Still, the '82 charter reflects the city’s mindset.
If the district were a state. Democrats would now control the Senate by a two-vote margin. Its congressional delegation — probably composed of statesmen like Jesse Jackson (formerly its “shadow senator") and ex-Mayor Marion Berry when he isn’t in rehab — would make Massachusetts’ delegation look like a DAR convention. Statehood would be two senators and one congressman in perpetuity for the hard left of the I Democratic Party.
After conferring statehood on the district’s 523,000 residents, perhaps we should dole out senators to Madison, Wise., Berkeley, Calif., Cambridge, Mass., and the Haight-Asbury section of San Francisco.
If you’re still not convinced of the dumbness of this proposal. Bill Clinton believes it’s a swell idea. "I think you should have the rights and powers and responsibilities that statehood carries," Clinton told city leaders on Jan. 15. Based on past performance, they would probably act as responsibly as he did.
To find out more about Don Feder; and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists. visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com. COPYRIGHT 2001 BOSTON HERALD DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC
To find out more about Don Feder. and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creaUjrs.com.
COPYRIGHT 2001 BOSTON HERALD DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Strange Billionaires
Democrats arc behaving strangely. Just when you thought you had them figured out along comes more inexplicable acts and confounding demagoguery. We are now confronted w ith 120 very rich liberals who have petitioned their government not to repeal taxes on their estates.
The father of Bill Gates, the richest man in America, complains that “repealing the estate tax would enrich the heirs of America's millionaires and billionaires while hurting families who struggle to make ends meet.”
Warren Buffett, the fourth richest man in America, thinks the repeal of the estate tax “would be a terrible mistake.” He is concerned about money and resources in the hands of people based on “heredity rather than merit.” I
Their petition makes the case that rich people give to charities as a way to reduce the size of their estates, thus avoiding taxation. They reason that “Repeal would have a devastating impact on public charities.”
The petition argues that if estates are not taxed, either other taxes will have to be raised or there will have to be cuts in “Social Security,
Medicare, environmental protection and many other government programs so important to our nation’s continued well-being.”
It is impossible not to be touched by the angst of these people.
These are men who have heard their leaders refer to them time and again as the “filthy rich.” Maybe that evaluation has taken hold.
Maybe these are nothing more than poor billionaires, full of selfdoubt and plagued by guilt, crying out to their government: “Tax me, before I do the wrong thing with my money!”
Frankly, 1 am troubled and baffled by what these people are doing. Why are these ostensibly intelligent men threatened by the prospect of being in control of the disposition of their own money?
Why, for example, do they feel the need to have a tax threat hanging over their head to motivate them to give to public charities? If they are so concerned about public charities, why do they not relish the idea of contributing money of their own free will?
Why do they need Big Brother to wring the right behavior from them?
If a millionaire is convinced his children have been raised so poorly they aren’t fit to inherit his money, why doesn't he handle that problem himself rather than looking to government? If one is of the belief that money doesn’t belong in the hands of son or daughters because they didn’t earn it, what is the rationale for believing it is a better thing if the money is forcefully taken by government — which, after taking its own unmerited cut, distributes the rest to people who didn’t earn it?
If a billionaire is convinced that the government needs his money to run its programs, why doesn’t he get rid of all the wills, shelters, living trusts and other legal instruments his lawyers have constructed which enable him to lower his tax burden? What better way to fund the government than to forego all those deductions and all that loophole lawyering?
The animus of these well-off liberals toward tax cuts and their sense of impending doom when such cuts are contemplated suggests they have been seduced by the idea that the government is the centerpiece of the American experience and the source from which all blessings flow.
American liberals believe government has a duty to control all available resources to achieve fairness and equity throughout society. They are convinced the government must suppress people’s selfish impulses to keep more of their earnings than they need.
Everyone, impelled by “compassion and caring,” must sacrifice for the common good.
However, it is basic to human nature that people will not voluntarily yield the fruit of their labor for distribution to others in terms of some intellectual elitist’s idea of what is just. They may be cajoled, propagandized and manipulated into doing it for a while, but in time they will rebel against it. Ultimately, a political system based upon “fairness” requires brute force, which takes away whatever virtue it may have claimed.
Compulsory compassion has no soul.
Self-sacrifice is not a proper engine for driving an economy. Human beings, as a derivative of the instinct to survive, are innately driven to act in their own self-interest. Capitalism harnesses human self-interest; socialism * exhausts itself trying to kill it. Any government or institution that runs head-on against the grain of this basic human drive is doomed, sooner or later, to fail.
To jind out more about Linda Howies, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com Linda Howies e mail address is lindersu@aol.com COPYRIGHT 2001
CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
U.S. Tax System is Oppressive
The arguments over how much money tax cuts will “cost” arc more confounding than informative.
For example, the Bush people say his proposal will “cost” the Treasury about $1.6 trillion dollars, while Democrat critics claim the “cost” will actually be closer to $2.6 trillion, including S400 billion in interest on the national debt.
Now, along comes a study published by The Heritage Foundation that says the loss of revenues will amount to only $939 billion.
The authors of the study, D. Mark Wilson and William W. Beach, contend that their “dynamic” model yields a much more accurate result than does a “static” analysis.
Their dynamic model recognizes that cutting taxes can increase revenues by impacting consumer confidence, business spending, interest rates, incomes and savings.
By contrast, the static model used by Democrats is like that of the unimaginative financial officer of a big company whose calculator says that if you reduce the price of a product, you reduce revenues. His static analysis does not deal with the prospect of higher profits based on an increase in the volume of sales.
One can get lost in the ambiguities and devilish details.
Taxes are not just about money. Every tax represents a transfer of power and freedom from the people to the government. The underlying premise of every tax is that the money will do more good in the hands of government than in the hands of the people who earned it.
The opposition of Democrats to tax cuts has little to do with economics and a great deal to do with their ideology and philosophy. Liberals believe human existence is an accident which happened in a universe created by an uncaused explosion. We are all victims of fate, heredity, the environment and societal forces.
This is why liberals avoid words like “willpower” and “self-responsibility” and “merit” and “sin.”
This is why they support welfare for able-bodied people, oppose the death penalty, hold no one accountable after a race riot and scorn moral discernment.
As they see it, people may claim no credit for their good fortune, nor should they bear any blame for their misfortune.
They see differences in wealth, talent, achievement, and intelligence as not only unfair but divisive. They apparently believe that God, if He exists, does not know what He is doing. He made this mess, and it is the job of the government to fix it.
It is folly to put people with these loony ideas in charge of our lives and our destinies. And it is degrading to meekly submit to the torture they put us through as they wrest away our fortunes and our freedoms to ftind and enable their hubristic, utopian delusions.
The tax system in America is a system of tyranny.
The 16th Amendment to the Constitution authorizing a tax on incomes was a horrendous mistake. It has degenerated into a despised and noxious instrument of government abuse, meddling, manipulation and favor-mongering. It is a gargantuan, constitution-busting, bureaucratic monstrosity, beyond repair or redemption.
The Internal Revenue Service is closer to the Nazi Gestapo than most of us have the courage to admit. The use of intimidation and threats to evoke stark fear in the populace is a deliberate strategy. In cases of disagreement, guilt is assumed, and selfincrimination is a requirement. Many terrorized citizens pay money they do not owe to avoid the stress of prolonged bureaucratic harassment.
The internal revenue code is a hodgepodge of self-contradicting. Machiavellian, and calculatedly incomprehensible rules and regulations. The administration of this network of nonsense requires huge armies of government employees, chosen for their innate indifference to other people, and rigorously trained to work at cross purposes with the millions of befuddled and frightened taxpayers who labor and suffer in what is left of the private sector.
The public toleration of this infernal revenue system is a sign of spiritual and intellectual decay. It is not healthy or desirable for a free people, such as Americans are supposed to be, to jump through hoops on command, grovel for favors, submit to involuntary servitude, and cower in the face of personal assaults on their privacy, their wealth and their common sense.
Our system of taxation must be replaced by a national sales tax. It is the least oppressive, least obnoxious, most visible, most economical and most objectively fair way to collect taxes. Such an approach has its own problems, but they pale when compared to those we now suffer.
To Jind out more about Linda Howies, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com Linda Howies' e-mail address is lindabowles@starband.net
COPYRIGHT 2001 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC
1
Linda Bowles
0
April 2001
Mnu American News
VIEWPOINT
U.N. Conference Threatens State Sovereignty
In the globalist New World Order, not only can we not have sovereign nation* states hut also wc can't have any distinctions between peoples, nations and races at all Hence, the latest slab of meat on the United Nations' platter of global do-good is die “World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance." to be held in Durban, South Africa, this summer.
Guess which country is the most “intolerant" of all?
The conference's main architect seems to be Mary Robinson, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, and last week she explained that “anti-immigrant sentiment in Europe" as well as “race relations in America" and “ethnic conflict in Africa and the plight of the world's indigenous peoples" will all be included on the conference's agenda. Docs anyone really doubt that the conference is aimed at any nation other than die United States, with a few hard looks at other, mainly white countries in Europe?
Among the issues Robinson brought up to mention to Secretary of State Colin Powell were “racial profiling, even of those on death row.
Tough issues that need to be looked at. Migration into the United States." And Powell thinks it’s all swell. He avows he has a “personal and professional interest" in the conference, presumable because he’s been such a victim of racism himself, you see.
“We want to be forward-looking in how we eliminate negative practices that come from racism." the secretary intoned to Robinson.
And Robinson eagerly expanded upon her vision of what the gala event] will ponder.
“She said the conference will take up accusations that police in the United States practice racial profiling, that death-row inmates are mostly minorities and that immigrants face discrimination and brutality along the Mexican border."
What, you might ask, happened to slavery in Africa (today, not 200 years ago), ethnic slaughter in Indonesia, persecution of foreigners in China and other places where “racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance" are not exactly unknown? The conference may or may not get around to these, too, but everyone — including Powell — knows which country will be the main target of the
Also on the agenda will be what The Associated Press calls “the legacies of colonialism, slavery and current forms of xenophobia.” “Legacies” suggest reparations for these and other wickednesses that whites have inflicted on non-whites. Nothing is said about the “legacies” of cannibalism, head-hunting, scalping, torture, mutilation, burning alive, human sacrifice, and much of the rest of the quaint and curious lore of non-white and non-Western civilizations. As usual, all the wickedness is due to white Westerners, none to non-whites of any region or period and certainly not to what non-whites ever did to whites.
Not only will the Durban conference continue the long march against the white race, but also it will explore legislative measures to punish the victimizes and stamp out the “racism" and “related intolerance” that whites espouse. The conference, Robinson says, will “come up with concrete measures to address complaints and demands of victims — including calls by some for compensation from years of injustice " This promises to offer a stage for the racial crackpots yelling for “reparations” for slavery in this country, as well as for just about every professional victim, grifter and grouser on the planet.
Moreover, the “concrete measures” will probably include outright violations of this country's First Amendment by laws that muzzle what the conference will dub "racism.” “1 think what this world conference is really about is getting every country to improve its own capacity ... to have legislation which outlaws racism, which counters discrimination, which gives remedies ” Robinson announced.
“Legislation which outlaws racism” can only mean laws that silence anyone who expresses dissident views on race and race-related matters: not just skinheads who yell racial insults, but scientists who study racial genetics, social critics who question conventional wisdom about race, and writers and speakers who challenge scientific or historical claims about race. Several European nations are already enlightened by such repression.
What is incredible is not that the United Nations and its professional airbags like Robinson bubble with joy over the prospect of expanding U.N. power on a global scale, but that American officials like Powell — and presumably President bush would endorse and encourage it. The Durban conference promises not only to kick U.S. national sovereignty in the teeth yet again, but to trample on constitutional rights and actually dictate what U.S. lawmakers and citizens may and may not do.
Third World backwaters can swallow this stuff if they want, but Americans, in the government or out of it, need to tell Robinson and her cronies to go to Durban and not come back.
Officials Lie About Genome Project
No sooner had the human genome been decoded than the egalitarian Thought Police went to work to distort what it tells us about the biological roots of human nature. The moronic remarks and outright lies emitted by respected scientists and public leaders show not only that they’ve misrepresented what the genome tells us, but that they may well have distorted much of the rest of the message about human genes.
The genome, of course, is the genetic blueprint of a biological organism — in this case, of human beings. The analysis of the human genome has been sponsored by a consortium of scientists for some years, and when at last all the genes that manufacture humans were uncovered, those who uncovered them got busy covering up some major truths.
Thus, Craig Venter, head of Celera Genomics Corp., the company that helped map the genome, bubbled that the genome proves “you cannot look at a person’s genes and say with any accuracy whether they are from one racial group or another.”
Then there’s surgeon Harold P. Freeman, of Celera’s Institutional Review Board, who says, “Mapping the DNA sequence variation in the human genome holds the potential for promoting the fundamental unity of all humankind.” So much for the apolitical nature of science.
But the distortions the scientists contributed were as nothing compared to those deposited by such great minds as that of Jack Kemp, the now-forgotten prophet of supply-side economics, global democracy and other phantoms of the last decade. In a recent column, Mr. Kemp informed us, “The human genome project shows there is no genetic way to tell races apart. For scientific purposes, race simply doesn’t exist.”
The supposed basis for these claims seems to be that the genome reveals that it takes a lot fewer genes to make a human being — about 30,000 — than previously thought and that there is less genetic difference between human beings and other species, let alone among human beings, than many had believed. Maybe so, but it simply does not at all mean that race doesn't exist or can’t be identified by genetic traits.
In the first place, skin color by itself, the most apparent difference between human races, is a genetically transmitted trait that controls the amount of the pigment melanin present in an individual. That’s one reason Kemp’s statement, “There is no genetic way to tell races apart,” is utter and unredeemed flapdoodle. But the same is true of all hereditary traits that distinguish humans by race: eye color, hair, facial features, etc.
Moreover, the very concept of “race” is by definition a genetic one. A race is a group defined by a common ancestry and the shared hereditary traits it inherited from its ancestors. This is yet another reason why Kemp’s statement is not only wrong but simply nonsensical.
As for Venter’s statement that “you cannot look at a person’s genes and say with any accuracy whether they are from one racial group or another,” he might want to take a gander at a news story that appeared in the London Times on Feb. 25, about two weeks after his statement.
“Police,” the Times reported, “are tracking down suspects from physical descriptions of race and hair color taken from DNA profiles based on samples of blood or other traces found at crime scenes. The breakthrough has enabled detectives to hunt for suspects involved in serious crime using descriptions based on DNA samples, even when there has been no eyewitness report. The controversial technique provides information on which of the five main ethnic groups suspects are likely to come from, including oriental, Afro-Caribbean, Caucasian, Indo Pakistani or Middle Eastern.”
The story also reports that British police “used the technique to predict the ethnic origin of 109 offenders and 105 were correct."
The point is that DNA, the very substance of genes, differs according to race and ethnicity — so much so that you very well can “look at a person’s genes and say with any accuracy whether they are from one racial group or another.” Venter knows too much about genetic science not to know this. When he says we can't tell race from DNA, he’s lying. So, for that matter, is Freeman.
As for Kemp, he’s probably just plain too dumb to know one way or the other.
The reason they lie, of course, is that they and their careers and businesses would be ruined if they suggested otherwise, as the British police officers who know and use the truth about genes and race may well be ruined for letting on about what they know. The nonsense spouted about the genome needs to be ignored and the truth needs to be told, but the even bigger question is: What else about genes and race are scientists lying about?
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www. creators, com.
COPYRIGHT 2001 CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC.
Samuel Francis
COHYR1GHT 200/ CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC.
VIEWPOINT
Middle American News
Page 21
Unarmed and Unsafe
The last vestige of civilized Britain has fallen away — the unarmed British ‘'Bobbie."
For 170 years, British police functioned without guns. Since their founding by Sir Robert Peel in 1829, Bobbies walked their beats armed only with their nightsticks. Until the last few years of these 17 decades, the British public was armed. Now it is the other way around. The police have guns, and the law-abiding public doesn't What happened?
Britain has the most severe “gun control” laws in the world. Not even members of the British Olympic Shooting Team are allowed pistols. The British are reduced to registered single- and double-barreled shotguns, and the maximum permitted shell load is birdshot
According to the arguments of gun-control advocates, Britain should be safe and crime free. But, alas, violent crime and robberies have skyrocketed. Gunfights between rival immigrant gangs caused the revolution in British policing. In Robin Hood's Nottinghamshire, constables now patrol in pairs armed with semi-automatic pistols. They are backed up by armed-response vehicles (ARVs) stocked with submachineguns.
If gun control makes society safe, why was it necessary to overthrow British police tradition, arm police with semiautomatic weapons and provide machinegun backup? As a test case in gun control, Britain proves it to be a total failure. The result is exactly) one predicted by the National Rifle Association: “When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.”
In Britain, a man’s home may be his castle where the king of England cannot enter without a warrant, but robbers and rapists enter at will. It is easier and less risky for a criminal to have his way with a victim in the privacy of the victim’s home than in public. Gun control has made home invasion safe for criminals.
In the United States, experts have proven time and again that widespread gun ownership is a deterrent to crime and prevents between 1 million and 3 million criminal acts each year. Gun ownership saves numerous lives and foils large numbers of rapes and robberies. Yet, gun controllers persist in their attempts to disarm the public.
..... A person can’t, help but wonder whether gun-control advocates are uninformed fools or have a secret agenda. Once gun control enters politics, the lying makes even Bill and Hillary Clinton blush. As the 20th century came to a close, Canadian Justice Minister Allan Rock fended off criticisms of a gun-registration bill his government was pushing by giving assurances that “there is no reason to confiscate legally owned firearms.” Within 10 months of the minister’s assurances, 553,000 legally registered handguns were confiscated. Now, rifles and shotguns must be licensed and registered. Having learned that the only purpose of registration is to tell the government where the guns are, compliance has collapsed. Large numbers of law-abiding Canadians prefer to risk five years in prison than to register their guns.
Gun-control laws dramatically reduce public safety and turn law-abiding citizens into law-breakers. Licensing and registration increase crime by devoting police resources to paperwork. Gun registration databases cannot prevent crimes or aid in their solving, because criminals do not register their guns.
The people most dangerous to the public are not on the FBI’s “Most Wanted List ” Far more dangerous to our safety than criminals are gun-control extremists like Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-N.Y., and Sarah Brady of Handgun Control.
These are the people who will leave us defenseless as they abrogate the Constitution and destroy respect for law, while promising an end to “gun violence.”
The American Rifleman reports that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (BATF) — the guys who brought us Waco — are using intimidation and threats to compile an illegal registry of gun owners. BATF thumbs its nose at federal court decisions and continues to harass legitimate gun dealers and purchasers as if they were criminals.
We need to ask ourselves why liberals have made gun confiscation such a priority. I think it is to distract us from the disastrous results of liberal social engineering. When high-school students shoot their classmates and workers open fire on their co-workers, the fault lies not in guns. It lies in the breakdown in self-control and moral integrity. The irrational shootings are due to the success of liberals in achieving their goals.
Dr. Roberts1 tales I book, "The tyranny of Good Intentions," has just been released byPrima Publishers. To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
Losing the Culture War
The rot in American intellectual life has reached a putrid state.
Nothing better illustrates the decline in education and the ability to think than the argument over “affirmative action.”
Affirmative action means privileged standing for “preferred minorities” with regard to university admissions, employment, government contracts and discrimination lawsuits.
The argument made for affirmative action is that racial minorities (or whatever favored group) deserve help and that affirmative action helps them.
The case made against affirmative action is that it hurts minorities by undermining their self-esteem and causes their accomplishments to be perceived as unearned, like the boss’s son’s promotions.
Minorities themselves are of two minds on the subject. Some say affirmative action is based on the assumption that their race occupies the low end of the Bell curve. Others say that privileges are the hallmark of aristocracies and signal that preferred minorities are members of a socially favored group.
The argument goes back and forth.
Recently, Albert R. Hunt repeated it, perhaps for the 100,000th time, in The Wall Street Journal.
Hunt’s article shows how deep the ruts are. Universities, law firms and federal judges now claim that entrance privileges for blacks benefit whites as well by producing a “diverse” learning environment. There is a slight point here. Having killed off all diversity of thought, the only diversity that can be found in the politically correct left-wing propaganda mills that masquerade as universities is diversity of skin color.
The most striking aspect of the affirmative-action debate is that neither side has any idea what the real issue is. Equality in law, the product of a thousand-year struggle, is the greatest achievement of our civilization. We are the result of a long fight to overthrow privileges based on creeds, birth and estate.
As Supreme Court Justice John Marshall Harlan said: “There is no caste here. Our Constitution is color-blind.” The Constitution is still color-blind, but numerous federal bureaucrats, federal judges, university bureaucracies, lawyers and “civil rights” activists are not color-blind.
The cause of civil rights has been so perverted that civil rights now means nothing more or less than legal privileges for “preferred minorities."
Today, America labors under a caste system imposed by elites who are hostile to equal opportunity and desirous of equal results. The caste system has been constructed to include everyone except white heterosexual ablebodied males (WHAMs).
American elites, both liberal and conservative, seem quite content to sacrifice equality in law to minority privilege. In America today, a native-bom white male is a second-class citizen in law.
Immigrants, both legal and illegal (98 percent are “people of color”), have more rights than a descendant of George Washington or Roger Sherman. Larry Stratton and I show in our book, ‘The New Color Line,” how white males have been stripped of equality in law.
The putrid stench of intellectual rot arises also from the immigration debate.
It boggles the mind that the conservatives fighting the culture war favor mass immigration of Third World peoples who are not assimilating.
Indeed, as Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz recently made clear in the Jan. 24 Los Angeles Times, assimilation is now viewed by civil-rights activists as discrimination against races and creeds that are not part of the hegemonic European culture.
Assimilation is anti-diversity and anti-multicultural. As Dershowitz put it, assimilation is a way of coercing Muslims, Buddhists, and Shintoists “into violating their conscience.”
President Bush might succeed in building an anti-missile defense system and invigorating our economy with a tax cut. But does it really matter? The United States is engaged in a gigantic act of self-destruction. Equality in law is no longer the guiding principle of civil rights. White males have been made second-class citizens in law.
Immigration from alien cultures is exceeding the assimilation capacity of the United States. The very concept of assimilation is in disrepute as it is associated with discrimination and coercion. The vast bulk of immigrants enter the United States with privileged legal standing because of their skin color.
There is no point in fighting a culture war when the culture is already twice lost: to an immigration policy and to a civil-rights policy that believes that equality in law doesn't produce the correct racial balance in universities, employment and the professions.
The United States will continue for some time, living off its stored up capital the way the declining Roman Empire did. But America is just as surely doomed by the utter failure of its intellectual and political leadership.
Paul Craig Roberts
COPYRIGHT 2001 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
COPYRIGHT2001 CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC
Aloof American News
VIEWPOINT
Bush Shouldn’t Pick Cellucci
In 1999, Senate Republicans refused to ratify Clinton's interim appointment of James Hormel as U.S. ambassador to Luxembourg. Will they apply the same standard to GOP Gov, Paul Cellucci, nominated by President Bush to be ambassador to Canada?
Republicans rejected Hormel for his support of the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence (a gay group that mocks Catholic ritual), among other outre behavior. But when it comes to pushing the gay agenda, no governor has gone as far as Ccthicci.
Brian Camenker. head of the Mass. Parents Rights Coalition, has joined Concerned Women for America, the Catholic Action League of Massachusetts and other conservative groups in opposing the Cellucci nomination
Camenker sent every senator an audiotape of a state-sponsored conference w here children as young as 14 were instructed in the joys of same-sex sex, in all of its glorious variations.
The educational orgy took place at Tufts University on March 25,
2000. Sponsored by the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network, it was partly funded by the state.
Employees of the Massachusetts Department of Education and state public health agency took part in a particularly edifying session (“What They Didn't Tell You About Queer Sex and Sexuality in Health Class”)* where teens were encouraged to describe what appendages could go in which orifices in language that would make a pornographic website blush.
When word of this leaked out (one of Camenker *s cohorts taped the proceedings), the commonwealth disavowed it and the errant employees were given the heave-ho. But what did the Cellucci administration think they were funding — a spelling bee?
The Tufts conference is far from an isolated outrage. Like his predecessor Gov. William Weld, Cellucci is a fan of “sexual diversity” in the public schools.
In 1993, then Lt. Gov. Cellucci was one of two featured speakers at a statehouse rally for a Gay and Lesbian Student Rights Bill. In 1995, he presented activists with a proclamation designating May “Gay/Straight Student Pride Month in Massachusetts.”
When he became governor, Cellucci raised annual state funding for gay and lesbian student groups from $250,000 to SI.5 million. No other state earmarks public funds for homosexual activism. Much of that money ends up with The Governor's Commission on Gay and Lesbian Youth, which engages in advocacy and activism in the guise of fighting homophobia in the public schools.
The commission funds Gay/Straight Alliances at local high schools with grants of S2,000 to $5,000.
The alliances in turn sponsor events like the seventh annual Transgender, Bisexual. Gay and Lesbian Awareness Day at Newton North High School last December.
Students were bombarded with literature on “transgenderism.” Whole classes were marched off to assemblies where homosexuality was touted by activists. One speaker, an ex-priest, invited teens to visit his gay club.
Little wonder that Cellucci *s twisted definition of tolerance would lead the state police to revise their rules on sex at public rest stops, to settle a suit brought by the Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders.
According to a Feb. 15 order, troopers will no longer arrest those getting it on at rest stops, unless the consenting adult “reasonably should know that there is a substantial risk that his or her sexual conduct will be observed by a casual passerby ” In the bushes — OK. In the open — huh-uh.
Cellucci has disclaimed the policy. Would he even care if his nomination wasn’t pending before a Senate committee chaired by Jesse Helms?
After the Tufts conference, Cellucci refused to meet with pro-family leaders who wanted to voice their concern. An aide to the governor explained that such a meeting would be pointless because of Cellucci *s commitment to “making the schools safe for all teens — including gay and lesbian teens.” That’s right. If kids aren’t exposed to lectures on transgenderism and shown films like “The Celluloid Closet,” gays will be bashed in Massachusetts schools.
Arrogance isn’t a diplomatic skill, and Paul Cellucci’s values are not those of George W. Bush. Surely the president can find a better representative of our nation and his administration for the Ottawa posting.
To find out more about Don Feder, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 200J BOSTON HERALD DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Will the Public Defend the Scouts?
Don Feder
Since the Supreme Court decision last June upholding the Boy Scouts of America’s freedom of association, homosexual activists have waged unconditional warfare on the Scouts. More is at stake than the future of a revered institution.
Last month, the United Way of Central Massachusetts voted to withhold funding from the Scouts and other bastions of bigotry that “discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation.”
Paul Mina, who heads the United Way chapter encompassing Boston’s Metro-West area, hasn’t been infected by such silliness. “If we stop funding the Boy Scouts, thousands of kids are going to go without the support they need to participate in a very good program,” Mina comments.
If the Central Massachusetts chapter polled its 30,000 donors, how many would approve of the move? Will its new guidelines be applied across the board, by denying donations to the charities of churches that discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation by refusing to solemnize same-sex unions?
Besides persuading roughly two dozen United Way chapters to cut off funding, groups like the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network are fighting the Scouts on other fronts. The Los Angeles City Council voted to sever the city’s ties with the Boy Scouts, including troop sponsorship by the L.A. police and fire departments.
Public schools in Broward County, Fla., won’t allow the Scouts to distribute membership fliers. A bill was recently filed in the Arizona legislature to reverse the decision of several municipalities not to allow their employees to contribute to the organization through payroll deductions.
Others are moving to fill the void. Fort Lauderdale churches raised $5,000 for the Scouts after the city stopped its funding. Gregg Shields, national spokesman for theScouts, reports that last year an anonymous donor, who said he admired the group's stand for decency, wrote a check fof $1.5 million.
The Scouts have been described as America’s premier character-building organization. It instills virtues like honor, duty and patriotism in adolescents, preparing them for manhood.
Writing in The Weekly Standard, Joe Loconte noted that Scouting’s “approach to ’family values’ is to stress abstinence, fidelity and traditional marriage as the ideal.” “The Boy Scouts of America has always taught youth the traditional values of Scouting families,” the group explained in a 1994 statement. “We do not believe that a person who engages in homosexual conduct provides a role model consistent with those values.”
This is not an aggressive policy. The organization takes the same don't-ask-don't-tell approach as the military. Nevertheless, leaders who are in-your-face about their sexuality are weeded out.
But nondiscrimination based on bedroom behavior has become a litmus test of righteousness for the left. Freedom of conscience will not be tolerated.
In its decision requiring the Scouts to abandon their core values (overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court), New Jersey’s high court sneered that the Scouts’ ban on homosexual leaders was based on “archaic moral views.”
The antiquated morality of Scouting has brought us generations of boys reared to be gentlemen, adhering to an ethic of service. The progressive views of their opponents have brought us a culture resembling a bordello and, for the past eight years, the ethics of a pimp in the highest office in the land.
In shaping the identity of millions of boys over the past 90 years. Scouting has done immeasurable good (even more so in an era when kids go on shooting rampages at their local high schools). If gay activists can succeed in demonizing the Scouts and eventually bending the group to their will, anything is possible.
The action of knee-jerk United Way chapters will test how much the public is willing to endure. In a recent Portrait of AmericaJWorldnet Daily poll, 70 percent said their favorable impression of the Scouts had either not changed or improved since learning of the group's policy of excluding homosexual leaders. Only 28 percent said they had a less favorable view. By better than a two-to-one margin, respondents said the policy was correct.
The investment firm of Morgan Stanley apologized for paying Clinton a six-figure fee for a Florida speech. Morgan Stanley was brought to its senses by the persuasive power of the dollar — i.e., enraged investors threatened to pull their funds. If enough United Way contributors in offending chapters followed suit, it would have a similar impact.
For those of us who uren’t willing to lose our nation by default, it is an option.
To find out more about Don Feder, and read features by other Creators Syndicatewriters and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com COPYRIGHT 2001 BOSTON HERALD
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC
VIEWPOINT
M/dole American News
Page 23
The Real Resorts for Reparations
By Samuel Francis
The drama of the week consists not in the politics of tax cuts inWashington but rather in the dynamics of raw racial power on the nation’s college campuses. David Horowitz, a neo-conservative foe of black racism, has been trying to publish ads against reparations for slavery in college newspapers. Some won’t publish the ads at all. while others, when they do publish them, promptly get clobbered by blackmobs for their own "racism" or quickly apologize for publishing them before the mobs show up at the editors' dorm rooms.
The crisis has caused many tongues to start wiggling. Thus far, a surprising number of the tongues have wiggled in Mr. Horowitz’ defense. Columnists in The Washington Post* the San Francisco Chronicle and the Wall Street Journal, among other progressive places, have expressed support for Mr. Horowitz’ deathless right to publish his ads, the foolishness of newspapers apologizing for publishing them, the iniquity of mobbing newspapers, and the legitimacy of being opposed to reparations.
A definite tip of the hat to such friends of liberty, as well as to Mr. Horowitz for coming up with the idea for ads against reparations in the first place. But there is more to be said about the episode than that.
Mr. Horowitz’ ad is innocuous enough, offering “10 Reasons Why Reparations for Blacks is a Bad Idea for Blacks—and Racist Too.” The reasons include such insights as that “only a tiny minority of white Americans ever owned slaves, and others gave their lives to free them,” and “America today is a multi-ethnic nation and most Americans have no connection (direct or indirect) to slavery.” All that is true, but neither— nor any of the other eight—really grapples with the central issue behind reparations. Moreover, the whole approach of Mr. Horowitz and his ads is such as to invite precisely the very denunciations and attacks they received.
The central issue of reparations is not whether reparations are justly due to blacks or justly owed by whites. The central issue is one of racial power—as it is with most other racial conflicts today: over the Confederate flag, affirmative action, racial profiling and indeed the most recent quibble about the right of college newspapers to publish Me. Horowitz’ ads at all. The central issue is that one race (blacks) seeks to assert power over another (wjiites). In the black view, what is good for black power is good: what thwarts or threatens it—including liberal values like free speech—is bad. Seen in this context. Mr. Horowitz’ ad not only misses the point but in one case even gets it wrong.	^	^
The ad’s Reason 7 is that “The reparations claim is one more attempt to turn African Americans into victims. It sends a damaging message to the African-American community.** No, it doesn’t, really.
The reparations claim, so far from turning blacks into victims, would turn them into masters.^ Reparations, if actually enacted into law, would, first, elevate black victsnology, the black myth of racial injustice, into the dominant myth of American society.
Second, as a practical matter, reparations would effectively redistribute wealth from one race to another in a colossal revolutionary act of racial collectivism. If the black racial myth becomes dominant and white wealth is redistributed to blacks, then it is absurd to say that blacks are being turned into victims. Their “victimhood” is merely white enslavement.
Mr. Horow itz* ad nowhere appears to grasp that the reparations issue is one of simple racial power, and in claiming that reparations are “a bad idea for blacks,” it is out to sea. But, as a neo-conservative, Mr. Horowitz is unable to offer much else in the way of objections. Despite his well-known and authentic disgust at black racism, he is abo a disciple of Martin Luther King racial liberalism. As he wrote in his recent book "Hating Whitey,” an attack on black bigotry, his own beliefs “are the same views once advanced by the civil rights movement [Martin Luther] King led.” It is precisely those views that invite the kind of attacks he and his ads have endured.
As a racial liberal Mr. Horowitz invokes values like tolerance, freedom of expression, equality and peaceful discussion in the face of an enemy that has no more use for those ideas than whistling Dixie. That enemy is the racial consciousness and solidarity that the progressive “views once advanced by the civil rights movement” deny exists or insist shouldn’t exist. But the brute fact of our new century is that they do exist, at feast among non-whites. Until the foes of black racism understand that its hunger for power can be effectively challenged only by a countervailing racial power, don’t expect Mr. Horowitz* tepid reasons against reparations to have much real impact.
Samuel Francis is a nationally syndicated columnist.
Copyright 2001 Creators Syndicate. Inc.
Another Leftist Turns to Murder
By Paul Craig Roberts
Who remembers Ian Smith?
Unless you are a greybeard, you may not know that Ian Smith was the (white) prime minister of Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) when the country was a British colony.
In 1964, Smith led an independence rebellion against Great Britain when it became apparent that the British were going to betray the white settlers and turn the country over to Marxist Robert Mugabe, who has proved to be even more of a thug than Smith predicted.
British, European and U.S. economic and political pressures forced Smith to cave in and hand over the government to Mugabe in 1980.
Among African lands, Zimbabwe was stable and prosperous by comparison. Mugabe inherited a rule of law, a successful agriculture, a manufacturing base and hard-currency export earnings.
Mugabe has succeeded in destroying them all. Mugabe unleashed murderous armed bands on the white farmers. Many were murdered. Their wives and daughters were raped. Farms were stolen, and agriculture collapsed. Mugabe not only ignored Zimbabwe Supreme Court rulings against the illegal land seizures but also ordered the entire Supreme Court into forced retirement.
Mugabe’s extraordinary attack on the rule of law angered blacks as well as whites. Widespread opposition almost toppled him, but he held onto power by using intimidation and force to steal the last election. Opposition candidates were murdered by being doused with gasoline and set on fire.
Mugabe’s government recently bombed the independent newspaper and deported foreign correspondents.
Mugabe has committed as many atrocities against Zimbabweans as Milosovic is accused of committing in Kosovo in Serbia’s attempt to hold on to the breakaway province.
A person might think that Mugabe would be a prime candidate for being bombed into submission and put on trial for human-rights abuses. Relatives of the murdered members of the opposition have filed suit in federal court in New York against Mugabe for crimes that violate international law.
Mugabe responded by demanding diplomatic immunity from the U.S. Department of State on grounds that he is the head of state. The relatives of Mugabe’s victims are outraged that the U.S. government is considering granting Mugabe’s request.
You can bet your bottom dollar that the British will not seize Mugabe and attempt to put him on trial the way they did Augusto Pinochet of Chile. Like Castro, Mugabe is protected by his icon status among left-leaning American and European intelligentsia.
Once again, we see the ideological application of human-rights laws. The laws are applied to the political right, but not to the political left. Mugabe, like Castro, will live out his life committing atrocities against his people.
Liberals need to come to terms with their dysfunctional approach to human rights and the rule of law. If “human rights” is to have real meaning, it must be more than a weapon wielded by left-wingers against politicians they dislike.
The left can get away with political murders because of the presumed morality of their goals. The ends justify the means as long as the policy — land redistribution, for example — meets with the intelligentsia’s approval.
If the policy does not meet with the left-wing’s approval — such as Pinochet’s privatization of Social Security and socialized industries — the human-rights weapon is unsheathed.
The two-faced nature of “human rights” deprives the cause of credibility.
When Britain and the United States handed Rhodesia over to Mugabe, many assurances were given that democracy was replacing minority white rule. This rhetoric was misleading, because Rhodesia was ruled by a rule of law. White Rhodesians were merely a vehicle for the rule of law. Mugabe substituted personal rule for the rule of law. “Majority rule” existed only as long as Mugabe had no opposition. Once Mugabe was faced with a black opposition party, majority rule bit the dust along with the rule of law.
Under Ian Smith, blacks had jobs and were protected by “the rights of Englishmen,” but blacks were considered to be oppressed. Under Mugabe, blacks have no jobs and no rights, but they are considered to be liberated and free.
The white Western politicians who put Mugabe in power are still around. As he is their man, they will continue to make excuses for him. With so many enablers covering his butt, don’t be surprised if you read that Mugabe had the two white, two black and one Asian member of the Zimbabwe Supreme Court doused with gasoline and set on fire.
COPYRIGHT 2001 CREA TORS SYNDIC A TF.. INC