Published Monthly by Middle Amehcan Institute, Inc., P. O. Box 20608, Raldigh, North Carolina 27619
‘Mlnutemen’ Volunteers: Doing the Job Government Won’t Do
M	mm _
America’s Tro
On Guard Everywhere Except U.S. Border
Open Borders TUmsAslah
BVrd FUi \nto
Global Threat
The Real Vigilantes: Bush or The Mlnutemen?
Phyllis Schlafly: The Outrages Taxpayers Fund
Page 19
Paul Craig Roberts:
America’s Economic Decline
rage 15

Photographs may not be published, posted on the internet, donated, sold, exhibited or
otherwise distributed.
Call number: fcftNC aWfol Container/page: as, .

THE BANCROFT LIBRARY
Page 2
Middle American News
'Undocumented* Border Patrol Doing the Job Government Won t Do
‘Minutemen’ Patrol Arizona Border
Can’t Make Up Their Minds
Western multiculluralists still can’t figure out why blacks do poorly in school compared to whites. British elites recently have begun to believe that the poor school performance of black males can be attributed to sharing classrooms with white students. “In a radical response to the problem of black boys under-performing at school, it has been suggested they be taught in separate classes from their white peers,’’ reported the Manchester Evening News in March. That, of course, is precisely the reverse of the conclusion reached by American elites in the 1950 s and 1960’s. That’s when the U.S. federal courts decided that only by de-segregation could the poor school performance of blacks be remedied. The British segregation plan is being pushed by Trevor Phillips, the black chairman of the Commission lor Racial Equality.
Eek! Islamophobia Rampant
Britain’s school children need to brace themselves for another propaganda barrage aimed at convincing them to endorse the Muslim immigration flooding their country.
That’s because the U.K.’s education authorities are wringing their hands over a new survey showing that more than 9 percent of non-Muslim young folks aged 13 to 24 support the political views of the immigration restrictionist British National Party. Presented at the British Psychological Society’s annual meeting at the University of Manchester, the results of the study also revealed that 23 percent of boys and 14 percent of girls said they had developed a “much worse” view ot Muslims since the Sept. 11 terror attacks on vhe \i &. Researcher Nathalie Norct of St. John’s College in \orV. fretted that “\s\avnophohia'1 needs to he countered.
“The key finding from our study was that we need to t/rtprove education amt knowledge of different religions, ” she said.
It Can Happen Here
Britain’s rulers sent a law-abiding middle-aged school teacher and mother to jail for three months because she fired an air gun at the ground in an effort to defend her family from a gang of thugs who had vandalized her house. Linda Walker, 48, who teaches handicapped children, was found guilty of possessing a “firearm” with intent to cause “fear of violence. Her family had complained to police on several occasions about youth gangs that had trashed their garden, kicked in their front door, broke into the family car and tool shed, and smashed windows. The police had frequently failed to show up, so when the thugs reappeared, including one who had previous convictions for burglary, theft, and criminal damage, Mrs. Walker confronted them with her air gun, which she kept to clear squirrels from her garden.
Mum hadn’t gone out there to hurt anyone. She was just fed up with our house getting vandalized and she wanted to defend her property ” said her son. But in the U.K., possession of even air guns arc forbidden, so Mrs. Walker, with no previous criminal record, was packed off to the slammer.
Muslim: Doomsday Coming for U5.
Palestinian scholar Ziad Silwadi says a thorough analysis of the Koran reveals that the U.S, will cease to exist in 2007, according to the Jerusalem Post. Silwadi, whose prediction has caught the attention of Muslims worldwide, says the U.S. will be struck by a tsunami larger than the one that recently struck in Asia. “The tsunami waves are a minor rehearsal in comparison to what awaits the U.S. in 2007, he said ‘The Holy Koran warns against the Omnipotent Allah’s force A great sin will cause a huge flood in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans ” Silwadi say. the U.S. will perish because of its ‘‘sins’’ against non-whites.
Continued on page 4

President Bush denounced the volunteers as “vigilantes" and promised Mexico the U.S. would punish any lawbreaking by Americans.
Doing the job government won’t do, several hundred outraged American citizens from around the country converged on a 20-mile stretch of Arizona's border with Mexico last month to conduct a “neighborhood watch”-style volunteer effort to report illegal aliens to the U.S. Border Patrol and draw national attention to what one congressional supporter called “the deplorable and unacceptable” lax security along America’s southern border.
“Congratulations on your immensely successful Minuteman Project,” said Rep. TomTancredo, Vicente Fox, denounced the who backed the project. “You have volunteers as “vigilantes” and demonstrated that a physical promised Mexico the U.S. would presence on the border will deter punish any lawbreaking by illegal crossings, and the world can Americans, now see this.”	Some of the volunteers wore T-
According to the Border Patrol’s	shirts proclaiming, “Undocumented
own count apprehensions of illegals Border Patrol Agent” during the Minuteman patrols were Gilchrest vowed
former school teacher Chris Simcox of Arizona. They appealed through the Internet for volunteers to come to Arizona and help spot illegal crossers and report them to federal authorities. Volunteers were forbidden to have any physical contact with illegals.
President Bush, after meeting with Mexican President
down more than 50 percent, reported the Washington Times.
The Minutemen were stationed among 16 different observation posts east and west of Naco, and reported to authorities more than 500 aliens attempting to enter the U.S. illegally.
Tancredo said Mexican military units were ordered to the border and had diverted many migrants east and west away from the areas being watched by Minuteman volunteers. In addition, the Mexican government distributed leaflets on its side of the border, warning that armed patrols of American * Vigilantes’ ’ were waiting for them on the other side.
The volunteers were organized by Vietnam veteran James T. Gilchrest of California and
even favors “expediting” their entry.
“We’re not talking about preventing people from coming to work,” Simcox told Elders. "Wc’rc talking about people entering the country illegally. Wc need to know who is coming into this country, where they’re going, and their intentions. It their intentions are to work, then, by all means, wc should welcome them. My plan would be that we have a way to expedite workers coming in.” Although there are an estimated 8 million to 12 million illegal aliens in the U.S., legal immigrants number three or four times as many.
In an interview with the Los Minutemen would stay on duty Angeles Times, Gilchrest said he through the end of April. “We fears for the future of the country, will stay on the line and adhere to
the
our long-standing policy of no contact and no confrontation with any illegal aliens seeking to enter the United States.”
The Mexican government joined forces with the far-left ACLU in denouncing the project and warned they would take le^al
“We are becoming a country run by mob rule. Whoever moves in, rules. I’m worried about illegal immigration. I can see our country splitting apart.”
In a transparent public relations ploy to dampen the Minutemen Project's appeal, the Department ot
action against the TOhmleets m announced just Mgg ag an effort to dissuade them from the project began ihatilwouWbcef .up border security along the protecting lhebo““ . haw Arizona botdcr by sending'500 The project orgamrers Mv ^ ^ (0 (hc „a within sU
months.
apparently limited their efforts to illegal aliens. Chris Simcox told conservative newspaper columnist Larry Elder that he supported letting immigrants come to the U.S. to take jobs, and
JSSNEllS
MAY 2005
U.S. Warned on China
While the U.S. uses its military might to impose democracy on Middle Eastern Islamic countries, Communist China is expanding its influence in the Western Hemisphere, particularly Latin America, and preparing for eventual strategic competition in East Asia.
Roger Pardo-Mauer, deputy assistant secretary of defense for Western Hemisphere affairs, told a House panel in April that U.S. officials need to pay attention to China's increasing presence and influence in South and Central America.
China controls important shipping ports near the Panama Canal, has developed tics to fellow Communist Fidel Castro, and is moving closer in diplomacy and trade to Venezuelan Marxist President Hugo Chavez, an ambitious Hispanic leader who has been seeking to create an anti-
American international coalition.
Spurred by investments and technology transfers from American corporations, China s expanding economy is experiencing increasing demand for oil, prodding Beijing to search for new energy sources. Venezuela is currently America’s third largest supplier of crude oil.
China’s rapid rise to rank as the world’s sixth largest economy has been accompanied by tremendous advances in technology, largely through purchases of computers and communications equipment from the West As a result, the U.S. has created a potentially serious technological rival in the near future.
"We need to be alert to rapid^advancing Chinese
ri.P,db.1“Ue,ofPn“:^l *" ,h‘
communications, and‘cvh°'
warfarn" warned Pardo-Mauer”
World Watch: 2 Newsbhefs: 3,4,5,9 Tax Dollar* at Work: 6 Global Trade Report: 6 CHtonWtornson:7 What They S*d: 7 .John Vinson: 8 Robert GoJdsborough: 8 A1C Imniigraton News: 9 Diversity Notebook: 10 Reader* Fontm: 11 Capitol Offenses: 12 What Are They Smolbn? 13 Culture Watch: 13 Columriurts: 14.23.
May 2005
Middle American News
Will Immigration Bring It To U.S.?
Asian Bird Flu Could Kill Millions
r
NEWSBRIEFS
Bird flu first jumped from birds to humans in 1997 in Hong Kong when it infected 18 people and killed six. Since then, more than 70 people have died from the disease, most since 2003, an increase in its spread to humans.
A new and deadly flu virus caught from birds in Asia is poised to sweep through the human population and could kill as many as 70 million people globally, warned a Nobel laureate scientist.
Peter Doherty of the University of Melbourne, who shared the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1996, told an audience in Lyon, France, last month that a simultaneous epidemic of human and bird flu could open the way for the two viruses to mutate into an especially dangerous infection that would spread swiftly through the human population.
“If it comes, it will probably come out of somewhere like Southeast Asia and it will probably come very fast,” said Doherty. “It is highly lethal in birds, and in humans, when they catch it, it is something like 70 percent lethal, so it is very dangerous.”
The World Health Organization warned that the Asian bird flu - now found in the Southeast Asian countries of Vietnam, Cambodia, Malaysia and Thailand - has already mutated by itself into forms that can infect other species, such as tigers, leopards, domestic cats, pigs and mice. In February, 500open-billed storks in Thailand's largest
itesYiwaXe.1 vtetVand were
dead iiom die virus
Thanks to mass immigration and free trade, many unsanitary Asian cultural practices such as drinking raw duck’s blood and cock fighting promise to spread the deadly Asian bird flu world wide.
“Cockfighting, popular in many parts of Southeast Asia, is suspected of spreading the highly lethal bird flu virus from poultry to humans through contact with blood, feces and droplets of fluid,” reported the Washington Post in April. “It is one of several cultural practices, including the eating of raw duck blood and the raising of chickens in back yards, that are threatening to help spark a global pandemic that the World Health Organization warns could kill tens of millions of people,” the Post reported.
Vietnamese have traditionally eaten a dish called tiet canh vit, prepared from duck blood, stomach and intestines, to mark the anniversary of a death or other special occasion. Health investigators told the Post they suspect as many as five people contracted the bird flu after this kind of meal.
“There will be opportunities for the virus to take advantage of these practices,” agrees Klaus Stohr, director of WHO’s global influenza program.
Food markets in several Asian countries, including Vietnam and Cambodia, have long sold live chickens and ducks on city streets, which can spread the virus from bird to bird and to people who handle them. In Phnom Penh, live chickens and ducks are peddled on muddy floors, where they are crammed together alive, legs
Cockfighting is suspected of spreading the highly lethal bird flu virus from poultry to humans through contact with blood, feces and droplets of fluid.
bound, as they flop and squirm until butchered by sellers with bare hands covered with the blood of other birds they’ve butchered.
Meanwhile, Southeast Asian peasants still unaware of scientific discoveries about germs and viruses, often JaU aqid eat sick
cVticVLeuB tatYtet lYvatt dispose of
them.
In September, WHO investigators determined that the bird virus killed an 18 year-old Thai man who bred and reused cocks for fighting outside Bangkok. Thai health officials said he had the habit of sucking mucus and blood from the beaks of his injured roosters.
Unfortunately, many Asian immigrants have brought their unusual cock-fighting customs
10 copies for $9.00 25 copies for $17.00 50 copies for $25.00 100 copies for $38.00
v
with them to many Western countries where the potential for an outbreak of bird flu now exists.
The virus has already devastated the poultry business in Asia where tens of millions of chickens have been destroyed in an attempt to contain the deadly disease. Experts say the disease has become entrenched because the virus thrives on small farms where chickens often mix with ducks and other animals.
“The current situation in Asia has strong links with traditional animal production and marketing systems, including backyard and subsistence poultry production, multiple animal species farming with chickens, ducks, and pigs,” said Bernard Vallat, director-general of the World Organization for Animal Health. “Recent research has also confirmed that aquatic birds, especially ducks, can act as reservoirs of infection with or without clinical signs and are capable of excreting viruses
Bird flu was first, seen to jump
from birds to humans in 1997 in Hong Kong when it infected 18 people and killed six. Since then, more than 70 people have died from the disease, most since 2003, representing an increase in its spread to humans.
WHO has proposed that the world’s governments should set aside 5 percent of their spending . on influenza vaccines to help fund
Send your name & address with check or money order payable to M.A.N. to:
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608
Raleigh, NC 27619__________ ,
Continued on page 4
^ SPECIAL REPORT ON IMMIGRATION Now Available for Distribution
Charts & Facts:
-	How Immigration Affects America’s Population Growth
-	How Immigration Impacts America’s Ethnic Composition
Plus: 4-Page Book Catalog
Order extra copies of this February issue of Middle American News Today!
..
Natives Are Restless
As America changes into a majority non-white country, new reverence must be shown to racial groups with social and political clout- Colorado Gov. Bill Owens, for example, recently had to apologize to wealthy and influential Indian leaders for saying “the natives are getting restless” during a conference on tribal casino gambling. Owens made the remark at the Western Governors Association Summit in Denver after a microphone malfunctioned and he urged fixing it quickly.
The audience at the meeting grew silent at first, but then groaned and chuckled. “He apologizes to anyone who was offended,” his spokesman dutifully told reporters.
Sheila Morago of the Arizona Indian Gaming Association said Owens and many others laughed when he said it. But resentment-minded tribal leaders were not amused.
Richard Milanovich of the Aqua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians in Palm Springs, California, was quick to crack the whip. The restless native said he “couldn’t imagine” anyone saying such a thing, and claimed the governor “more or less made fun of the people who were there.”
Drop Her If She’s White Demonstrating the extent to which racial consciousness influences the outlook of non-whites, the
discovery that a relatively unknown New England writer wasn’t really black has led Harvard University to drop her as an object of study. Holly Jackson, a graduate student at Braudeis University, discovered that Emma Dunham Kelley-Hawkins, once revered as an early black novelist, wasn’t really black. Associated Press reported that as a result, Henry Louis Gates, Jr., chairman of Harvard’s Department of African and African-American Studies, “has told editors ... that there are better 19th century
less likely to pay attention to her now that it9s kntvwn she
wasn’t black.”
Thanks A Lot
By failing to kill murderers and to keep thugs and rapists locked away, the criminal justice system devised by U.S. elites continues to put American families and their children in harm’s way. John Evander Couey, 46, who confessed to kidnapping and killing 9-year-old Jessica Lunsford after a nationally publicized hunt for the missing youngster was launched in March, has a long, long criminal record. Couey, a registered sex offender, has a record that includes multiple arrests for burglary, carrying a concealed weapon, indecent exposure, disorderly conduct and larceny. He also faced charges of fondling a child under 16. During a house burglary in 1978, Couey grabbed a girl in her bedroom, and covered her mouth while he kissed her. He was sentenced to 10 years, but was paroled in 1980 by generous criminal justice authorities. He was on probation when he kidnapped and killed Jessica.
Extremists Are Gonna Get Your Momma!
Reporter Judy L. Thomas of the Kansas City Star and Karen Aroesty, regional director of the left-wing, Anti-Defamation League for Missouri and Southern Illinois, warned in March that the recent death of conservative syndicated columnist Samuel Francis might cause desperate leaderless “extremists” to commit violence. In “Shadow of hate groups lingers over U.S.” (Kansas City Star, March 21), Thomas linked Francis to the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995 by claiming he was part of the “anti-government movement” that she said authorities have focused on since the bombing. Thomas said that “factions” of the
Continued on page 4
May 2005
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from page 3
movement have “lost leaders,” citing the deaths of Francis and someone named Robert Millar, whom she described as “head of Elohim City... a white separatist compound” that Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh once visited.
After lumping conservatives, white supremacists, and militia groups into the same “movement,” Thomas then informed readers of Aroesty’s solemn warning on the heels of the deaths of Francis and Millar: “[TJhose deaths create a vacuum in the movement that authorities should carefully monitor.” The reason? “It’s that kind of lack of strong leadership that has the potential to bring out the real radicals, because they’re angry,” said Aroesty.
Hanoi Jane Won’t Recant Despite her attempt to apologize for being photographed sitting behind the sights of a Communist antiaircraft gun in North Vietnam in 1972, Jane Fonda does not regret stabbing American troops in the back. She now calls the infamous photo “the largest lapse of judgement that I can even imagine,” but she says she does not regret visiting the enemy capital of Hanoi, meeting with Communist officials there, or making radio broadcasts on behalf of Hanoi’s war aims while American soldiers were being killed by her hosts’ troops, and POWs were being tortured by their guards. “I felt I had to do anything that I could to expose the lies [of the U.S.J and help end the war,” she told CBS’s Leslie Stahl. Although the left-wing Fonda was never charged with a crime, right-wing poet Ezra Pound was jailed, tried for treason, and sent to a nut house for the same activity in Italy during WWII.
They Ca\\It Equal Justice
The transparent political disparity between sentences | handed out to rightists and leftists convicted of crimes was glaringly brought to light last month by the harsh treatment meted out to white activist Matthew Hale. He was sentenced to 40 years in prison for allegedly conspiring to kill a federal judge, a crime that the sentencing judge called an “egregious act against the rule of law in the United States.” In Chicago, Judge James T. Moody said Hale, who maintains his innocence, deserves a long sentence because his crime “undermines the judiciary’s central role in our society and strikes at the very core of our government.” Last year, however, several fugitives from the left-wing revolutionary “Symbionese Liberation Army” who in the 1970’s financed their plan for a violent overthrow of the U.S. government by robbing banks and shooting people, were given sentences no longer than eight years. Unlike Hale whose conviction tb^'bn mere talk of violence, SLA members actually lulled someone during their bank robberies, and evaded authorities for more than 25 years while some of their comrades died in shoot-outs with the police. Surely robbing banks and killing people to finance a violent Marxist revolution also “strikes at the very core of our government,” does it not?
Declining America
In California. America’s largest multiculturalist state with a majority non-white population, about half of Latino and black students fail to graduate from high school, according to a report from Harvard University. In Los Angeles alone.
Continued next page
Asian Bird Flu Could Kill Millions
I Middle American News
Published monthly by: Middle American Institute, Inc.
P. O. Box 20608 Raleigh, North Carolina 27619
-----------------------
V
W
Printed on recycled paper. Non-toxic ink used in printing.
From page 3
research against the bird flu.
Every year, conventional “seasonal” flu kills 500,000 people worldwide. The Asian flu epidemic of 1957 killed as many as 4 million people. It was the second big deadly flu epidemic of the century. The first, in 1918, killed an estimated 50 million. Most of the fatalities were among children and the elderly.
Scientists believe that so far, it remains difficult for the bird flu to be transmitted from one human to another; but each human case represents a new chance for the virus to mutate genetically making it easer to be spread by humans.
Some medical experts believe the U.S. does not have adequate plans in place to control a bird flu outbreak, if it occurs in the U.S.
‘The threat of a pandemic flu is deadly serious. Experts worldwide are calling it inevitable,” said Shelley A. Heame, executive director of the Trust for America’s Health (TFAH), a non-profit disease prevention educational organization.
TFAH says U.S. planning for a possible outbreak suffers from
gaps that include the absence of coordination for public information distribution, containment efforts, and distribution of treatment medications. TFAH has recommended providing clear legal
authority for emergency measures “to be able to contain the spread of disease through the prohibition of public gatherings, closing public facilities and schools, and placing restrictions on travel at any stage of the outbreak.”
Advertisement
Francis ______________________________
Now available; a special audio recording of the CofCC-sponsoreci memorial service for Sam Francis, held iji Washington, DC, featuring b
*	columnist Joe Sobran
*	Author!Activist Lou March
*	^ musical salute befitting Sams mischievous seme of humor.
This 90 minute recording — available on CD or tape cassette — is just ten dollars post paid. Be sure to indicate the format and number of copies @$10 per when ordering from;
Council of Consirvative Citizens National Capital Region Chapter Pbst Office Box 2221 | Ashburn * Virginia 20146
Pitae make checkspojahJe to TfojOC.m
From page 2
Mexico’s New Hero
Mexico’s soccer team beat the U.S. during the World Cup qualifying round of games held in Mexico City in March. “The crowd booed the U.S. national anthem and a spattering of fans chanted ‘Osama! Osama!’ before play started,” reported Associated Press. After the game, Mexican fans burned an American flag and trampled on it.
No Jail Time
Multiculturalist left-wing billionaire George Soros tired in vain to overturn his conviction in France for insider trading. Soros, 74, had acknowledged that he was told about a Paris financier’s plans to take over a French bank in 1988, and began acquiring shares in the bank just days later. But he insisted that buying up the shares was simply part of a broader strategy to invest in privatized French financial operations. A Paris appeals court disagreed, upholding a fine of 2.2 million euros. But there will be no jail time for the rich global speculator who often profits handsomely from the collapse of entire currencies.
EU in Trouble?
Thanks to the tireless campaigning of French patriots like Jean-Marie LePen and the National Front, public opinion in France is shifting toward rejection of the EU constitution in an upcoming referendum. An
opinion survey in Le Figaro showed 52 percent preparing to vote “no” compared to 4% percent who intend to vote “yes.” That represents a shift of 12 points in less than a month. The polling numbers are bad news for conservative President Jacques Chirac who has thrown his political weight behind the EU constitution. “If France votes no, the constitution is dead,” worries Daniel Keohane of the establishment’s Center for European Reform. Fears over Turkish entry into the EU, concern about the loss of national sovereignty, and the EU’s favorable view of Third World immigration into Europe, as well as competition from cheap labor countries in Eastern Europe are foremost among the reasons usually cited for the growing opposition.
Bad News for Children
Black rule in South Africa may be hazardous to your baby’s health, especially if the child is bom in one of the country’s poorly run and rapidly deteriorating hospitals. Reuters News Service reported last month that blood-stained medical instruments and repeated mix-ups with HIV- contaminated breast milk are raising the risk that children will contract the AIDS virus. ‘‘Researchers found that about 24 percent of dental and medical instruments in use in certain pediatric and maternity care centers... were contaminated with ‘invisible blood’ and 17.5 percent with ‘visible blood,” reported Reuters. Breast milk taken from women for storage to be given to their children later is being mixed up. ottles are labeled by cot numbers instead of by
kf meL°^	baby or the mother, and rarely
Ihc worCr“?Cd f°r	accuracy South Africa has
■he world s h,ghost AIDS infection rate.
May 2005
Middle American News
But Not U.S. Borders
U.S. Troops Defend Foreign Countries
Page 5
NEWSBRIEFS
By Wayne Lutton
While neglecting to guard our own nation’s borders, America’s political elites have no trouble sending U.S. military units to guard foreign countries.
According to the Wall Street investment firm Bear Stearns, twenty million illegal aliens are currently residing in the United States, double the official federal government estimates. And as Donald Bartlett and James Steele reported in Time magazine, “the number of illegal aliens flooding into the United States this year will total 3 million. It will be the largest wave since 2001 and roughly triple the number of immigrants that will come to the U.S. by legal means.” The American public is constantly told that we can’t “seal” our borders and better screen entrants through our ports of entry. The fact is. Congress and the White House have never tried. Yet official Washington is more than willing to deploy the U. S. Armed Forces to help secure the borders and ensure the political and economic stability of foreign countries. The U.S. Army currently has more than 300,000 soldiers serving abroad. As of March, 2005, the U.S. Department of Defense
mobvViuedioi acUvt dvxVy V%4,\03 B|| Ou&td atvd Reserve
personnel for the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard. The U.S.. House Appropriations Committee recently approved $81.3 billion in additional spending for operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, pushing military costs there to more than $100 billion in fiscal 2005 and increasing Defense Department spending overall by about 25 percent.
Additionally, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (the Federal agency that replaced the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and is now a division of the Department of Homeland Security) deployed another team of CBP officers and Border Patrol agents to Iraq to help secure Iraq’s borders. While CBP is charged with the management, control, and protection of our Nation’s borders and official ports of entry, CBP Commissioner Robert Bonner said of their deployment to protect Iraq’s borders, “There is no more important mission.”
Of the 192 countries in the world, the United States currently has military units stationed in 135 of them. The accompanying list is taken from the U. S. Department of Defense, “Active Duty Military Personnel Strengths by Regional Area and by Country.”
■ Countries Where Active Duty I U.S. Military Personnel Are Stationed B Source: U.S. Department of Defense	
Afghanistan	Kuwait
Albania	Kyrgyzstan
Algeria	Laos
Antigua	Latvia
Argentina	Lebanon
Azerbaijan	Liberia
Australia	Lithuania
Austria	Luxembourg
Bahamas	Macedonia
Bahrain	Madagascar
Bangladesh	Malawi
Barbados	Mali
Belgium	Malaysia
Belize	Malta
Bolivia	Mexico
Bosnia and	Mongolia
Herzegovina	Moroccb
Botswana	Mozambique
Brazil	Nepal
Bulgaria	Netherlands
Burma	New Zealand
Burundi	Nicaragua
Cambodia	Niger
Cameroon	Nigeria
Canada	North Korea
Chad	Norway
Chile	Oman
China	Pakistan
Columbia	Paraguay
Congo	v Peru
Cos\a R\ca	Rfttltpplnea
Cote D’Ivoire	Poland
Cuba	Portugal
i Cyprus	Qatar
\ Czech Republic	Romania
\ Denmark	Russia
1 Djibouti	Saudi Arabia
1 Dominican Republic	Senegal
1 East Timor	Serbia aTTd Montenegro
I Ecuador	Singapore
Egypt	Sierra Leone
El Salvador	Slovenia
Eritrea	Spain
Estonia	South Africa
Ethiopia	South Korea
Fiji	Sri Lanka
Finland	Suriname
France	Syria
Georgia	Sweden
Germany	Switzerland
Ghana	Tanzania
Greece	Thailand
Guatemala	Togo
Guinea	Trinidad and Tobago
Haiti
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
From previous page
only 39 percent of Latinos and 47 percent of blacks graduated in 2002. For whites, the graduation rate was 67 percent, and Asians, 77 percent. The report found that the exodus of tens of thousands of students before the 12lh grade exacts significant social and economic costs through higher unemployment, increased crime, and billions of dollars in lost revenue. If California’s experience is a bellwether of what happens nationally when the U.S. population becomes a majority non-white around 2050, the decline and eventual death of the U.S. appears inevitable.
Illegals Captured Working at Airport
Nearly four years after the deadly 9/11 terror attacks, illegal aliens still had no trouble getting jobs in sensitive areas of a major American airport. In April law enforcement officials apprehended 14 Brazilian illegals who had passes to enter the most secure areas of Logan International Airport in Boston. The arrests mark the second time authorities found illegals working at Logan since the 9/11 attacks. In 2002 immigration officials arrested 20 illegals. In its story on the latest band of illegals, “Arrests Raise Security Questions for Logan,” the Boston Globe insisted on calling the captured aliens “undocumented workers.”
Forget Schiavo, Feed Us
America’s black activists were angered that the efforts to save Terri Schiavo’s life diverted public and congressional attention away from the need of blacks for more federal money. “We spend so much time at the legislative level to address the feeding of one individual while we seem to have very little conscience about cutting millions from Medicaid and essentially resisting feeding
tniUions oi people thfwr Jkinds ol budnet complained £>r. Winston Price, director of the 1*4at ion aJ
Medical Association, a blacks-only doctors group. Rep. Melvin Watt, D-NC, of the Congressional Black Caucus, expressed similar sentiments: Tm wondering how many children are going to bed hungiy tonight and how many we could feed with the amount of money” that Congress has spent on the Schiavo issue. “How many feeding tubes have we withdrawn by our own indifference in this body?”he wondered. Rev. Jesse Jackson used Schiavo’s impending death to plead for food for black children he claimed were starving in the U.S. “I implore them to apply this same passion for Terri Schiavo to the young infants and children dying of starvation and lack of prenatal care and postnatal care,” he told Congress. “Those on food stamps need a feeding tube to fend.pff ppyerty,” he added.
Kulturkampf
California elementary school teacher Marguerite Talley-Hughes is on a crusade to change the name of the Jefferson School where she teaches. The reason? Thomas Jefferson was a slave-owner and therefore is not the sort of fellow to be held up to impressionable young folks §8 especially nonwhites - as a hero. So Talley-Hughes, who is black, wants the Bay Area school to be renamed after someone more suitable for non-white students, someone she reportedly regards as “more deserving.” The school principal recently released a list of names from which the school will select a replacement for the evil Mr. Jefferson. The list includes Sojourner Truth, Cesar Chavez, and Ralph Bunche. The campaign against Jefferson is simply one among the early ripples of a tsunami of name changes about to wash across America’s biggest non-white state. In predominately black New Orleans, more than two dozen public schools originally named after U.S. presidents, Confederate generals and
Continued on page 9
j
Middle American News
Unequal Federal Spending
Under the federal tax-and-spend system devised by Congress, some states enjoy greater benefits from federal spending than others. According to an analysis by the Tax Foundation, taxpayers in New Mexico benefited the most from federal spending in 2003. The state received $1.99 in federal outlays for every $1.00 the state’s taxpayers sent to Washington in taxes. The other big winners were Alaska, which reaped $1.89 for every $1.00, and West Virginia, which received $1.82. The biggest winner of all was not a state. The District of Columbia is by far the biggest beneficiary of federal spending. In 2003, D.C. received a whopping $6.59 in federal outlays for every dollar its taxpayers sent to the Treasury. “The District’s share of federal largesse amounted to $60,109 for every man, woman, and child,” said the foundation economist who conducted the study.
“That’s more than ten times the national average.” The states that received the smallest returns tor their tax doMars include Mew Jersey, which received \ust $0.57 tor every dollar in taxes paid, New Hampshire $0.64, Connecticut $0.65, and Minnesota $0.70.
Federal Register Getting Thick
According to a report from the Independent Institute, the 2001 Federal Register, which publishes regulations affecting business operations, contained no fewer than 64,431 pages. At the same time, federal agencies issued 4,132 “final rules.” Citing the Office of Management and Budget, the institute said the demands of off-budget social regulations cost Americans $229 billion. Said the institute: “A more broadly constructed competing estimate that includes economic regulatory costs and paperwork costs pegs regulatory expenditures at $854 billion in 2001, or 46 percent of all [fiscal year 2001] outlays.”
War Expenses Push Deficit
Additional federal spending for President Bush’s war on Iraq will push the federal deficit to a record $427 billion in fiscal 2005, according to the Washington Post. That beats the record $412 billion set in fiscal 2004. Administration officials had earlier unveiled an $80 billion emergency spending request mainly for Iraq and Afghanistan, driving the deficit. That money will come in addition to the $25 billion already appropriated for the war in Iraq this year. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the cost of military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan
and related efforts since the 9/11 terrorist attacks reach $277 billion. That amount exceeds the inflation-adjusted cost of $200 billion for America’s participation in World War I.
Spending Rise
Federal spending is steadily rising. Since 2001, even with record low inflation, U.S. spending has increased a hefty 28.8 percent, according to budget analysis by the Independent Instifute. That represents the highest rate of increase since the presidencies of Richard Nixon and Lyndon Johnson.
Oink, Oink Goes the Piggy
Outraged by the zaniness of some of the projects for which Congress spends taxpayers’ money, Citizens Against Government Waste has singled out the following projects as “oinkers” in its 2005 Pig Book of federal pork-barrel spending:
$6.3 million for research on “wood
utilization”;
$75,000 tor the Greater Syracuse
Sports Hall of Fame;
$70,000 for the Paper Industry Hall of Fame;
$25,000 for the Clark County School District in Nevada for curriculum development to study mariachi music;
$6.7 million for YMCA funding nationwide;
$100,000 for the Tiger Woods _ Foundation;
$2 million to buy back the USS Sequoia Presidential Yacht;
$100,000 for the Punxsutawney Weather Discovery Center Museum in Pennsylvania;
$1.7 million for the International Fertilizer Development Association;
$8.2 million for the Fort Lewis Army Chapel, which offers diverse religious services for Christians, Jews, Muslims, and “Wiccans.”
Other Dumb Ideas
In 2004, congressional jerks added spending for these three especially dimwitted projects in a spending bill for the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services:
$100,000 for the Kids Rock Free Educational Program of the Art Foundation of Corona, California;
$400,000 for Iowa’s Davenport Music History Museum; and
$100,000 to help Iowa celebrate National History Day.
The April 5 U.S. Senate vote threatening to place a 27.5 percent tariff on all Chinese products unless the Communist regime revalues its currency is a long-in-coming historic moment with regard to U.S.-China trade relations. ‘Two-thirds of the Senate expressed displeasure with Chinese trade practices,” said Sen. Lindsay Graham, R-S.C., who helped engineer the 67-33 vote. “If China wants to be part of the international community, it’s time for them to clean up their act. Until they start playing by the rules, our manufacturing industry will continue to bleed jobs because of unfair trade practices.”
The Bush administration contends manipulation of the Chinese yuan gives China an unfair price advantage - and Capitol Hill is finally responding to the alarming U.S. trade deficit with China that hit $162 billion last year.
South Carolina textile magnate Roger Milliken, whose industry alone has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs in recent years because of a massive influx of Chinese imports, says the Senate vote is creating momentum in the fight against the Bush-supported Central America Free Trade Agreement. CAFTA would expand a free trade/ open borders policy to six central American nations. Auggie Tantillo, executive director of the American Manufacturing Trade Action Coalition, predicts “this is going to be a monumental fight.”
The Coalition says CAFTA is largely an outsourcing agreement that encourages U.S. companies to move American jobs to labor-cheap foreign countries, said Jock Nash, the Washington counsel for Milliken and Co. For example, he says. General Motors Corp. has gone from this country’s largest employer to Mexico’s largest employer. “We’ve gone from a General Motors America to a Wal-Mart America.”
The latest defection over to the anti-CAFTA cause is U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss, R-GA, who shocked the White House recently by announcing he was going to vote “no” — and underscoring the pact would hurt Southern farmers.
Milliken, whose company is one of the largest privately held textile and chemical companies in the world, said America has always been able to compete in the global economy through technology and innovation. But unless the United States stops, foreign nations from stealing its intellectual property, he says “we’re not going to have any technology companies left to employ us.”
While Milliken and allies have been warring over China for quite some time, an unpredictable and significant hit at China came from U.S. Rep. Donald Manzullo, R-IL.
In a hard-hitting letter to The Wall Street Journal, the chairman of the U.S. House Small Business Committee supported the Bush administration’s opposition to any European Union arms sales with the mainland. He also went a step further: “I also believe we should not reward state-owned enterprises, I have taken the tough votes for free trade during my 12 years on Capitol Hill... yet I am perplexed that you (the Journal editorial staff) now support the sale of IBM’s PCD (Personal Computing Division) to a ‘private’ entity (called Lenovo).” He notes Lenovo “is subsequently controlled by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, a state-owned enterprise that serves as the Chinese government’s nerve center for national information technology policy.”
Manzullo notes that since the Academy of Sciences owns 65 percent of a firm called Legend, which in turn owns 46 percent of Lenovo, all the Reds need is 1.6 percent more of the voting share to take active control of the Lenovo board. An alarmed Manzullo seeks to block this sale, saying: “That’s not protectionism, that’s a red flag!
No private company in the world can effectively compete against a firm that the Chinese government has targeted for expansion.
A final footnote: A congressman has been named the new U.S. trade czar by President George W. Bush. Rep. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, is described by the open borders/free trade Cato Institute as “a consistent ally.” Not only will Portman be trying to push CAFTA through Congress but also its twin, the Free Trade Area of the Americas and - get this! — a free-trade zone for the Middle East. As this is written, Portman is also scheduling new trade talks with five Southeast Asian countries: Brunei, Cambodia, Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines.
Middle American News
Page 7
The Real Vigilantes: Bush or Arizona’s Minutemen?
Impeachment of President Bush on the ground that he has refused to maintain the territorial integrity and security of the United States of America and has conspired with the agents of a foreign power to weaken them, would make a compelling case.
By CliiltonVWniainsoii,Jr.
President George W.
Bush last month denounced members of the Minutemen Project on the United State’s Southwest border as “vigilantes.” Shockingly (a stronger word does come to mind), the venue for Mr. Bush’s remarks was a meeting of U.S. and Mexican officials in Mexico, where he spoke in the presence of President Vicente Fox, as if by an act of ventriloquism. My dictionary defines “vigilante” as “a member of a volunteer committee organized to suppress and punish crime summarily (as when the processes of law appear inadequate).” In fact, the Minutemen are not organized to punish crime, and barely even to suppress it. .Their intention is to prevent crime from being committed, largely by facilitating its prevention by the authorities charged with that duty. (As for the volunteer part, volunteerism is something this president has previously recommended to the American public as “faith-based initiative.” So what’s wrong with volunteerism now?) The real vigilantes, of course, are the George Bush Gang, roaming the world in search of badmen to slay and un-American ideas and customs to eradicate.
Were Rep. Tom Tancredo, say, to rise in Congress to demand the impeachment of Bush on the ground that the^resident has
||§ TTva\T\\a\T\ tbe Xernlorval mtegnty
and security of die \3nited States of America — or even that he has conspired with the agents of a foreign power to weaken them, which would of course amount to treason —I believe that he would find a compelling case rather easy to make. This President, whose administration regularly lectures the government of Syria for failing in what he obviously regards as the relatively simple task of controlling its borders as a means of keeping terrorists out of Iraq, not only fails to insist that his own government accomplish the same feat at home, but looks the other way as more than a million immigrants a year — among them, we must expect, an unknown number of Middle Eastern terrorists — swarm across the Mexican-American border almost unresisted, despite warnings from his own intelligence services. Worse yet. Bush openly takes the side of President Fox and his government as against 80-something percent of the American people, whose will — expressed time and again in the polls for the past two or three decades — is that amnesty for illegal immigrants should be denied, legal immigration to this country drastically reduced, and effective control of the nation's borders reestablished. In preference to representing the sentiments of the American public to the Mexican government, the President has chosen to force the agenda of a foreign power down his own country’s throat by accepting as his own its blatantly self-serving arguments on behalf of “orderly migration”, while effectively conniving in the Mexican invasion by refusing to protest to Mexico City against such outrageous government
practices as the publication of a Wetback’s Guidebook to the Reconquista, the funding of a “humanitarian organization” (Grupa Beta) on the Mexican side of the border to coach immigrant groups preparing to cross into the United States illegally, and threats to file suit, through international agencies, against self-protective laws duly passed by American state legislatures aimed at resisting the immigrant tide. Talk about your “processes of law appearing inadequate,” indeed! Those processes are barely even existent along the United States border with the People’s Republic of Mexico. You might
The real vigilantes, of course, are the George Bush Gang, roaming the world in search of badmen to slay and un-American ideas and customs to eradicate.
sa^haOhevly^bee^reDlace^b^he
Hobbes’ state of nature, but even that would
be giving the federal government too much credit; the state of nature representing, in its way, a level playing field, while Washington is doing its best to handicap its own citizens and give advantage to the enemy. The Declaration of Independence charged King George III with, among other things, “abdicat[ing] Government here, by declaring us out of his protection” and “endeavour[ing] to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes, and conditions.” A statement of impeachment could fairly make the same charges against President Bush II. (The “rule of warfare” of modem Mexicans — descended from the sadistically cruel Aztecs, and much more Indian than Spanish in their inheritance - includes rape, burglary, murder, and gang violence here in their reclaimed homeland, north of the Rio Grande.)
The American Southwest was the last frontier region of the United States to be pacified and secured, against both the Mexicans and the various Apache tribes. It was not until 1886 that Gemonimo and his people were defeated by an American army under General Crook and exiled to Florida (they were later resettled at Fort Sill in Oklahoma); while raids by those who escaped the roundup, known to history as the Lost Apache, continued across the border, most notoriously led by the Apache Kid until the the turn of the century, and beyond. (Early in the 1920s, a band of Indians ambushed a Mexican-American family near the southern portion of the New
Mexico-Arizona border, cut the mother’s throat, and brained her young child.) In 1916, Pancho Villa, infuriated by President Wilson’s recognition of Venustiano Carranza^s government, attacked and raided the border town of Columbus, N.M., killing a score or so American citizens. Though from the end of the Mexican Civil War (which ended, effectively though not officially, around 1928, after the assassination of Presidentelect Obregon) until the 1970s the Southwest border enjoyed a period of relative peace and inactivity, Southwesterners in general, and borderlanders in particular, are mindful of its untamed, unregulated, and bloody past. One of the most spectacularly beautiful regions of the American West, the border country, today, is become a trampled noman’s land, scavenged by hostile invaders and littered with the detritus of their hooved charge into the interior of the envied, despised, but lustfully desired El Norte. Theoretically, American residents in the vicinity of the border are entitled to legal, police, and military protections supposedly afforded them by their county, state, and federal governments. In practice, they have none — or nearly none. In the face of this dire situation, they have three choices avaUabl^^liem^aiiend^oIg^l^h^
criminal aliens who damage, abuse, and
exploit their property on a nightly basis; meekly cast their votes, every couple of years, for one slate or another of venal politicians drawn up by a corrupt bipartisan machine that has long since decided to offer its representation, its services, and its loyalties to a pliable foreign constituency; or take upon themselves their own defense, directly—but legally. It is the legality, of course, that frustrates and infuriates officialdom on both sides of the international line.
Cochise County, Arizona, confronting as many as 1000 volunteers emplaced along the border for as long as a month, plus two planned demonstrations, has announced that it plans “to enforce all laws, rules, and regulations,” pertinent to zoning, litter, trespass, health, and property rights violations, against the Minutemen. (All of these rules and regulations, it goes without saying, are flouted on a twenty-four-hour basis by the invasion, with virtually no steps taken to uphold them.) Officials agonize • further over the horrific prospect of “racist” fliers warning of a “non-white invasion” (sent down from Phoenix by the National Alliance) and the possiblity that exists for “hate crimes” perpetrated by a volunteer force, 70 percent of it over 30 years old and including such criminal elements as teachers, small business owners, and exmilitary police in its ranks.
As of this writing (second week in April), the Minutemen have been notably successful in accomplishing their limited aim humanely to prevent illegal aliens from coming across the line along their sector of the border. This is naturally to the dismay
WHAT
THEY

How strange a thing this is!
The Priest telleth me that the Soul is worth all the gold in the world, and the merchants say that it is not worth a clipped piece of silver.
Oscar Wilde
Merchants have no country.
The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as that from which they draw their gains. Thomas Jefferson
Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whethej^nth^en^amon^^
wm// mvznr /<? m&A:** a
Soren Kierkegaard
If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their money, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them, will deprive the people of their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fatl}fif& $fmquered.
Thomas. Jefferson
Extended empires are like expanded gold, exchanging solid strength for feeble splendor
Samuel Johnson
of their enemies, the would-be immigrant enablers, who have kept busy accusing them of fabricated outrages, even as the Border Patrol complains that they destroy immigrants’ tracks and other human sign while tripping electronic detectors (undisceming machines that, by the inability to discriminate between the passage of a deer, a javelina, and a human being, trigger hundreds of false alarms on their own every day).
Liberalism arose some hundreds of years ago as a fornrof metaphyiscal insanity. Today it is just inanity, plain and simple.
Page 8
Middle American News
IMMIGRATION REPORT FROM' AMERICANS FOR IMMIGRATION CONTROL
U.S. Sovereignty Under Seige
By Robert Golds borough,
AIC President
America’s sovereignty is under siege. Is it accidental? I think not.
In June of 1931, at a speech before the Institute for the Study of International Affairs in Copenhagen, world famous historian Professor Arnold Toynbee told his illuminated comrades, “We are at present working discreetly with all our might to wrest this mysterious force called sovereignty out of the clutches of the local nation states of the world. All the time we are denying with our lips what we are doing with our hands, because to impugn the sovereignty of the local national states Of the world is still a heresy for which a statesman or publicist can perhaps not quite be burned at the stake but certainly be ostracized and discredited.”
In an effort to destroy the sovereignty of the captive Baltic countries at the onset of World War II, the Soviets removed large numbers of Lithuanians, Estonians, and Latvians and replaced them with ethnic Russians. Red China did the same thing to Tibet. Fortunately, the Baltic States regained their sovereignty; Tibet has not been so lucky.
How is it possible to reshape a nation as large as the United States? “Diversity” bTa\nwash\i\g \n education certainly is one way. But there is another method—a method so devious and deceptive that some otherwise politically astute conservative activists actually promote this globalist technique devised to bring America into the “New World Order” without realizing that
Robert Goldsborough, AIC President
our sovereignty would be jeopardized. That method is mass immigration.
The 1965 emasculation of the McCarran-Walter Immigration Act was the first tactical step in the war to radically change America. During hearings at that time. Senator Teddy Kennedy (D-MA) promised the American people “Our cities won’t be flooded with one million immigrants a year. Under the proposed bill, the present level of immigration remains substantially the same.” Senator Hiram Fong (D-HI) also assured, “our cultural pattern will never be changed as far as America is concerned.” Yet, the changes in ‘65 reversed the immigration quotas from
roughly 85 percent European ancestry to 85 percent non-European mostly Third World immigrants. The number of legal immigrants has quadrupled since 1965!
The open-border New World Order advocates have successfully used the tidal waves of unassimilated immigrants to threaten America’s sovereignty, change our culture, and alter our customs.
Since World War II, labor shortages— real, created or imagined—have been used to bring unassimilable immigrants into Western countries and thus reshape the host country’s culture, customs, language and religion. France and Germany are overwhelmed by Muslims who came to those countries as laborers in the first postwar decades. Arabs are out-reproducing the native French by a large margin. In order to get aliens to leave, Germany has paid them each $2,000 plus the cost of air-fare home as an incentive. Some Dutch are fleeing the Netherlands because of Muslim militancy. In Austria, Muslim mothers demand that crucifixes be removed from classrooms. Polyglot problems, ethnic strife, and cultural clashes are tearing apart the social fabric of these nations.
The United States is facing these same problems but on a far greater scale because America accepts more immigrants and refugees than all of the other free world nations combined. Despite our overly “generous” immigration policies. President George W. Bush continues to press his “work-permit” plan which would issue work documents to millions of illegal aliens.
Bush’s proposed plan sends a loud, clear message to alien lawbreakers: “Enter America illegally and we will reward you with ‘work permits’ and future citizenship.”
In spite of misleading claims from
libertarian think-tanks and certain neo-conservatives, America is receiving a new welfare class which will breed dissatisfied youth readily recruited into criminal gangs. In February, a leader of the violent MS-13 gang, Anibal Rivera Taz, &k.a. El Culiche, was arrested in Texas. By mid March 108 gang members, mostly illegal Latinos, had been arrested. Frighteningly, more than ten thousand alien gang members are still at large.
So many millions of poorly-educated and English-illiterate children are being dumped into our school systems that many schools have been unable to enforce discipline. Bush’s federal scheme “Leave No Child Behind” could become an expensive plan “to leave every child behind.”
After LB J’s 1965 Immigration Reform Act liberalized and weakened the McCarran-Walter immigration law, immigrant flow increased radically and the origins of immigrants have become overwhelmingly Asian, African, Arab and Latin-American—many of whom resent and resist assimilation. Bush’s worker permit for illegals is one more amnesty which would accelerate the occupation of America by aliens who will share little, if any, of our customs, culture, and heritage. In his 1931 speech, Toynbee pinpointed the need to destroy a nation’s sovereignty so that it could be seduced into a world government as part of the “New World Order.” The European Union is working brilliantly to undermine the sovereignty of European nations already weakened by floods of aliens who are changing their host society.
In the United States, Toynbee’s strategy is being gradually facilitated—one stage at a time so as not to alarm the electorate—ever since the days of Lyndon Johnson in the ‘60s.
Don’t Get Mugged or Smugged
By John Vinson Editor, Immigration Watch
When you’re walking by a slum, it is wise to guard against muggers—thugs who will attack you either for fun or profit Slums are places where ignorance breeds vicious people who feel the need to hurt and humiliate others.
Physical violence in some cases, however, is not as painful as verbal and emotional violence. Despite the old saying about sticks and stones, words can leave open wounds long after broken bones have healed completely. A particularly vicious • way to belittle another person is to put on an air of moral, social or intellectual superiority and smugly lord it over that victim. One might call the perpetrator in such a case, a “smugger.”
Advocates of immigration reform, and indeed just about any non-politically correct (PC) opinion, often face danger from smugging, particularly when they venture around college campuses, media outlets and other slums and ghettos of political correctness. Like the mugger, the PC smugger is a creature of profound ignorance who overcompensates with aggression.
These PC neighborhoods, however.

Immigration Watch Editor John Vinson
were not always run down. At one time they were places that bred respectable people. A few generations ago, for example, typical college graduates mastered difficult subject matter in mathematics and science. The study of history gave them an understanding of heritage, culture and the consistency of human nature through the ages. The study of foreign languages helped students gain genuine understanding of other cultures.
While some real learning still goes on in higher education, the general trend— particularly in the liberal arts—is downhill. Language, science and history requirements too often are gone, and students are free to graze on frivolous electives ranging from pom cinema to the sociology of sitcoms. Pervading everything is PC ideology and scorn for traditional American values. Cut off from historical perspective and reality-related standards, students embrace the silliness that “diversity” and “multiculturalism” are our strengths instead of our destruction. Equipped with trendy ignorance (and arrogance), these products of “higher learning” eventually move on to the media and other smugger enclaves of influence.
Yes, these places are dangerous to go by—particularly if you’re an American with self-respect, independent character and a mind capable of genuine thought. So what should you do if, for example, you’re advocating less immigration and a gang of media smuggers comes up and starts throwing words at you? Specifically they try to shut you up by labeling you “intolerant” and all the other standard put-downs of PC, i.e., racist, bigot, xenophobe, etc.
Self-defense against smuggers in some ways is similar to self-defense against muggers. According to the experts.
muggers tend to leave people alone who project an attitude of awareness and confidence when they walk down the street. Despite their menacing appearances, muggers many times are insecure bullies. So it is with smuggers who try to demean others with their poses of superiority. When faced with a smugging attack, stand your ground with the attitude, “While I may not have your degrees and status, I am a common person with common sense and dignity—and that dignity you can’t take away from me!” Proud defiance will make PC punks think twice before coming at you again.
Defense against muggers and smuggers, however, is different in at least one respect. It’s not wise to mock a mugger because that could turn him violent. But making fun of smuggers is quite effective. Ridicule is a powerful weapon against the pompous. For example, if a smugger calls you a bigot, just reply, “So what. I’d rather be a big goat than a politically correct jackass.” Or if one calls you a xenophobe, just ask, “So what’s wrong with being a xylophone? It’s only a musical instrument.”
One day—one must hope—our streets will be free of muggers and our public discussion free of smuggers. For this to happen, more people will have to serve notice to the mean and ignorant that intimidation time is over.
NTajy200^
Middle American News
L
Immigration Briefs
A news summary from Americans for Immigration Control
NEWSBRIEFS
J
U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales was the featured speaker at the Capitol Hill Gala of the National Council of La Raza (NCLR). The NCLR, a Hispanic advocacy group, opposes any proposal to curtail illegal immigration. La Raza means “the race.”
The attorney general expressed hope that the Bush administration could work with the NCLR to further liberalize immigration laws. The gala also honored two congressmen, Chris Cannon (R-UT) and Sen. Christopher Dodd (D-CN). Dodd spoke in Spanish and endorsed the Dream Act, legislation which would give illegal aliens cut-rate in-state tuition at U.S. colleges and universities.
Thirty-two House members co-signed a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice before she went to Mexico for talks with Mexican leaders. The author of the letter. Rep. J.D. Hayworth (R-AZ), urged Rice to “call on the government of Mexico to cease and desist from its flagrant campaign to encourage its citizens to violate the immigration laws and sovereign borders of the United States of America.”
He continued, “Mexico’s long-standing invasion of America — of the estimated 10 million illegal aliens in the U.S., seventy percent are Mexicans -- undermines U.S. workers, creates a permanent underclass of employees in this country, and burdens local, state and federal taxpayers with the enormous costs associated with providing services such as education, emergency health care, and law enforcement. And as you are well aware, this invasion of illegal immigrants provides a diversionary cover for both drug smugglers and terrorists to enter the United States.”
Tlie Colorado State University-Pueblo chapter of the radical far-left MEChA demanded the firing of a tenured professor who allegedly criticized illegal aliens in class. According to two students in his class, anthropology professor Dan Forsyth said during a lecture that Mexican illegals were “lazy and bitter” and had “raped the system” The Associated Press (3/9/05) reported that the university was “investigating” their complaint
Martinez Ortega, vice president of MEChA, stated, “We have been told the investigation may drag on, but we feel there is more than enough evidence for his immediate removal from campus or his
termination----” MEChA is the Spanish acronym for the Chicano Student Movement of Aztlan. The
organization has chapters on 300 campuses around the country. Aztlan is the name Hispanic radicals use to describe the U.S. Southwest, a region they would like to detach from the rest of the country. Miguel Perez of Cal State-Northridge MEChA stated that all nonHispanics “would have to be expelled from Aztlan. ” (U.S. News and World Report, 9/15/03, P. 50) A slogan of MEChA is “Por La Raza todo. Fuera de La Raza Nada. ” (For the Race, everything. For those outside the Race, nothing.)
iohn Hosieil\er (R-IN ), head o€ the House Immigration Subcommittee, stated on CNN’s Lou YioVtos Show CM YOJQSS that congressmen are heahng great concern from their districts about illegal
immigration. “Our constituents are tired of excuses,” he affirmed, “and they’re wanting us to do
something____[particularly! when we said . 1. last year ... we were going to double the number of Border
Patrol agents, triple the number of ICE agents* and increase the number of detention beds.”
Although the above measures became law last year, the Bush administration’s proposed budget this year barely gives them any funding.
Save Our State, an Immigration control group in California, is conducting protests against Home Depot, Inc., the nation’s largest home improvement store chain. Home Depot announced that it is working in partnership with the National Council of La Raza (NCLR) to hire more Spanish-speaking employees.
SOS charges that NCLR is a radical group which condones illegal immigration. The organization also maintains that Home Depot co-founder Arthur Blank is a supporter of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF), a group similar to NCLR.
The first demonstration took place at the Home Depot store in Rancho Cucamonga, California, in March. Demonstrators outside shouted “Illegals are illegal,” while others went inside to purchase low-cost items to slow down the volume of business.
Last November the government of Malaysia, an Asian country roughly the size of New Mexico with a population of 24 million, announced a crackdown on illegal aliens, estimated to number 1.65 million. Between that announcement and the end of February, the government offered amnesty to illegal residents. Unlike U.S. amnesties, however, Malaysia did not offer the illegals permanent residence and a path to citizenship. It simply informed them that it would not prosecute them if they would come out into the open and leave.
When the amnesty ended, the government mobilized 30,000 troops, police and immigration agents to round up the remaining illegals. By the middle of March, only an estimated 400,000 remained. Currently the United States has 2,000 immigration agents to enforce immigration law. Datuk Ishak Mohamed, Malaysia’s immigration enforcement director, said that the round-up will continue until all the illegals are arrested.
Japan, with an aging population, is increasingly turning to robot technology to meet its labor needs, reported an article by Anthony Faiola in the Washington Post Foreign Service (3/11/05). As one example, ’Toyota, Japan’s biggest automaker, has come up with ... a line of worker robots with human-like hands able to perform multiple tasks.”
The article observed, “In the quest for [using robots] the United States is perhaps just as advanced as Japan. But... the focus in the United States has been largely on military applications. By contrast, the Japanese government, academic institutions and major corporations are investing billions of dollars on consumer robots aimed at altering everyday life, leading to an earlier dawn of what many [in Japan] call the ‘age of the robot.’ ”
During the 1960s the Japanese government decided against mass immigration for economic purposes. Instead it told companies to become more efficient and invest in robotics and other forms of automation.
From page 5
Southern governors have already changed their names to suit the new majority population. Elsewhere across the country, descendants of American Indians are demanding wholesale changes in place-names that offend their newly tender sensitivities. Of course, as America transforms itself through mass immigration into a non-white country by 2050, such changes are not just predictable, but inevitable. The only remaining question is how much, if any, of America’s real heritage will remain, and whether the descendants of the core population that actually built the country and established its traditions will resist extinction. The kulturkampf is just getting started. Stay tuned.
Sleeping With the Enemy Far right extremists formerly posed as enemies of America’s government while claiming to defend the American people. Now they’ve become enemies of the American people, too. CNN reported last month that Aryan Nations leader August Kreis said he wants to make common cause with the anti-Western Third World terrorists of al Qaeda, ran by Osama bin Laden who has said he regards every American citizen as his enemy and a worthy target for murder. Besides siding with the enemy, Rreis is parroting the nutty theories of the lunatic fringe about 9/11, denying that al Qaeda was behind the attacks - thereby undercutting the argument of immigration foes that America needs better security against Third World interlopers. “1 don’t believe that they were the ones that attacked us,” Kreis told CNN.
Another RR Stunt
Just two days before the planned! start of the Minuteman Project in Arizona in which hundreds of civilians volunteered to help the understaffed Border Patrol monitor illegal crossings from Mexico into the U.S., the Department of Homeland Security pledged to send 500 additional border agents to the area within six months. But we’ve all seen that kind of federal PR stunt before. Just last year. President George Bush himself promised to hire 2,000 additional Border Patrol officers, but then submitted to Congress a federal budget that contained no money to hire them. This silly but nonetheless pernicious game started way back in 1986 when Congress granted amnesty to millions of illegal aliens while promising to “geUough” on employers who hired future illegals - but the old Immigration and Naturalization Service neyer,enforced the sanctions Congress bragged about imposing on scofflaw employers, and Congress never gave the agency the budget and manpower it needed for enforcement. As a result, illegal penetration of the border continued unabated, and even increased. Today, continuing the transparent PR maneuvers designed to pacify an increasingly outraged groundswell of border-area ranchers and other residents, the federal government intermittently pretends to get tough on illegal immigration until the latest wave of outrage subsides. That the Feds waited until two days before the start of the Minuteman Project to make their unlikely - and rather weak - pledge of manpower betrays their motives. They’ve had years - years! - to beef up border security in Arizona where the problem of rampaging illegals has reached crisis proportions. But the Feds have done nothing meaningful. Instead they waited until outraged citizens and taxpayers reached the limit of their patience and decided to patrol the border themselves. Suddenly, the Johnny-come-lately Feds have stepped in to say, “Help is on the way.” Well, listen up, you over-paid, starched-shirt bureaucrats at DHS: It’s too late. We no longer believe you. Your credibility is shot.
Killed in Action The “Diversity” death toll continues to rise, as Americans are caught in the cross fire of a great social experiment gone terribly wrong. Among the recent casualties is Tucson, Arizona Police Officer Patrick Hardesty, 40, who was gunned down by J. Montenegro Cruz of Zuni, New Mexico. Hardesty, the first Tficson Police Department officer killed in the line of duty in 21 years, tried to arrest Cruz, who was wanted for causing a hit-and-run traffic accident in a mid-town neighborhood. Cruz, 34, shot the officer five times from less than a foot away and twice while the officer was laying on the ground bleeding. He refused to take responsibility for his actions, with Cruz whining to the court that if Hardesty hadn’t been a police officer, “I wouldn’t be standing here in front of you looking at death.” Cruz shouldn’t have been on the streets. He was a federal fugitive for a firearms violation prior to this incident and, in 2002, had been placed on Pima County’s Most-Wanted list on charges that he kidnapped a woman and shot a man. A Pima County Superior Court jury sentenced Cruz to death for first degree murder. Patrick Hardesty, a 20-year U. S. Marine Corps veteran, had been with the Tucson Police Department for 19 months. He is survived by his wife, Demetra, three children, parents, two sisters, and a brother.
A Nickel Here, A Nickel There...
Four men have been charged in the theft of a Federal Reserve shipment of 3.8 million nickels from a bank in New Jersey to a branch in New Orleans. The FBI reported that Ricardo Mendoza was driving the money truck for a contractor hired by the Federal Reserve. The truck was discovered empty in Florida in late December, a day after it was scheduled to arrive in Louisiana. An alert went out, warning companies
that place coin machines in supermarkets to watch for large nickel w deposits. Sure enough, after the first of the year, Juan Brito tried to cash in 45,000 pounds of stolen nickels at a Miami, FL grocery store, claiming he had been saving the coins for nearly a year. Police went to his rented hcjuse, where they found 896,000 nickels buried in the yard and an additional $135,200 in currency hidden elsewhere on the property. Federal officials are still looking for Mendoza, who is believed to have fled to Mexico, as well as Diosdado Cabrera, the owner of the house where the nickels were buried. Why the Federal Reserve contracts with companies who hire Mexican nationals as drivers has not been explained.
Outsourcing Your Financial Data
Citibank, which has been aggressively outsourcing jobs to India, has had the financial data of U.S. customers siphoned by former and serving call center employees in Pune, India. Twelve people have been arrested for transferring American depositor’s money into their own accounts, opened under fictitious names. The money was used for shopping sprees, including the purchase of luxury cars and mobile phones. The criminals all were employees of Msource, based in Kalyaninagar, India. The alleged mastermind goes under the name of Ivan Samuel Thomas and claims to hold an MBA. Thanks to Citibank’s outsourcing, the thieves gained access to the secret pincodes of the American account holders’ e-mail identifications, which were used to transfer money from New York-based customers in January through March 31 of this year. Vivek Dayal, head of corporate communications for Msource told reporters, “It is an unfortunate thing to happen. However, the arrested people are not on our rolls now.” Citibank officials said they have no plans to reassess their outsourcing policies.
Airport Insecurity
Fourteen illegal aliens from Brazil have been arrested while working at Logan International Airport—the largest security breach at the Boston (P airfield since the 9/11 Terrorist attacks. In yet another instance of lax

Middle American News Distribution Center P.O. Boit 20608 bij a Raleigh, NC 27619
NEWS
(Please use this address for all bulk orders. Thank youI)

□ YES, 1 want extra copies of the May 2005 issue of Middle American News in the quantities I’ve checked below.
Name
Address
City/State/Zip______________________________________
(STREET ADDRESS REQUIRED for orders of 25 or more; sorry, we cannot ship larger orders to P.O. boxes.)
Telephone___________________________________________
(in case we have questions about your order)
I I 10 copies for $9.00 Enclosed is a check in the
□	amount	of	$___________
25 copies for $17.00 for u,e quantity indicated.
D 50 copies for $25.00
Shipping included.
ll 100 copies for $38.00
security, airport authorities contracted with Hurley of America, a Stoneham, Massachusetts-based janitorial service provider. Logan International management allowed Hurley to issue its own security badges to employees, evading checks on workers documents and backgrounds. The illegals had unrestricted access to the terminal and other areas of the airport. Thirteen of the Brazilians face deportation hearings. The other man arrested was already wanted on a fugitive warrant for evading deportation. Relatives and loved ones of victims killed in the 9/11 attacks called this latest security lapse a “disgrace.” Mary Bavis, mother of Mark Bavis, who was on United Flight 175, one of two planes hijacked out of Logan and crashed into the World Trade Center, said, “I just can’t understand how this can continue to happen.” The practice of contracting-out basic services at airports across the United States flourishes leaving airlines at risk to terrorist attacks by poorly-screened employees of these companies.
Foreign Movers and Takers
Erik Deri, 33, an Israeli citizen who ripped off customers of his Tacoma, Washington-based Nationwide Moving & Storage Company, has been sentenced to only seven years in prison by U.S. District Judge Franklin Burgess, even though he was convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and 27 counts of extortion. Federal prosecutors argued that Deri should get at least 14 years. Assistant U.S. Attorney Kathryn Warma described Deri and his Israeli co-conspirators as “ruthless, heartless and calculated.” She urged the court “not to turn a blind eye” to the extent of the damage they caused and to send a message to other predatory moving companies, many of which employ Israeli nationals, a review of similar cases discloses. Another Israeli, Yosef Naham, 56, a Nationwide Moving manager, received a five-year prison term.
Nationwide would lure customers by quoting low estimates for moving household goods and then tried to charge more than twice the amount before final delivery. In addition to the inflated charges, many of the swindled customers’ furniture was broken during transit.
f
May 2005
Middle American News
Page 11
						
—
VIEWPOINT

Editor
Jerry Woodruff Contributors:
Phil Kent - Brent Nelson -Robert Goldsborough -Chilton Williamson Jr. -Wayne Lutton - John Vinson

Published Monthly by Middle American Institute, Inc.
$2.00 per issue, $17.00 per year To subscribe, send check or money order payable to:
Middle American News
P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619
www.manews.org
“The issue today is the same as it has been throughout all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite ”
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Middle American News are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Middle American Institute, and are not intended to influence elections.
Readers’ Forum
Time to Point Pincers
V/tYicai more and more complaints and criticisms about illegal immigration, loss of jobs, outsourcing, and unprotected borders and governmental refusal to do anything about it. All this talk is justified and useful; what's missing though is simple and truthful recognition of the causes, culprits and profiteers.
The time is long overdue to point fingers and call things by their proper names.
People of the U.S. are wondering why the U.S. government doesn’t do anything about open borders, illegal immigration and insane plans for amnesties.
People wonder because they don’t realize (or don’t want to know?) that America is ruled by corporate elites; the official government is only a set of manipulated puppets, pretending to represent the people.
Sadly, a congressional yearly salary of $162,000 is not enough for their lifestyles and campaign expenses, so they’re selling their souls (and people’s futures) to corporate elites for support and perpetuation of their positions.
We have to realize that the main goal of corporate elites is cheap labor and markets to sell the products of this modem slavery enterprise. It is then logical that safe national borders represent for corporate rulers a physical obstacle for importing the cheap labor from abroad, thus obstacles for creating a despotically ruled “new world’’ global society.
Some abstract values like patriotism, national sovereignty, integrity, tradition, culture, ethics, etc., are unknown terms in the Corporate elite’s vocabulary.
*	' i	T
Money is their only motivation and greed the only incentive.
The whole corporate dictatorial system is further ornamented by megalomaniacal federal judges who are creating new “laws’’ based on their whims, new trends, fashions, pressure from special interests and political correctness. In such a super-Byzantine mess, there’s no room for protection of our national borders. And those
who are supposed to lead the nation are instead busy with kissing two rear-ends at the same time — that of the corporate elite and that of Mexican President Vicente Fox.
Mr. A. Z.
W. Sedona, Arizona
Mexico Should Pay in Oil
Why hasn’t our government DEMANDED that the government of Mexico repay - in crude oil - the American taxpayer for the costs we have incurred and continue to incur for the free healthcare, free education (bi-lingual, of course) and incarceration costs as a result of the 8 million to 12 million illegal aliens from Mexico who are now living in the U.S.?
Such repayment would also, drive down the soaring cost of gasoline in today’s America.
Mr.RJLG
Kingwood, Texas
Bigotry in Iowa
I live in a small Midwestern town of about 30,000, of which 10,000 or so are aliens, many of them illegal. They brought to our community whooping cough, measles, and head lice. If we complain, we are called bigots. They brought a lower wage scale, lower property values, and much use of welfare. If we complain, we are called bigots. They have no auto insurance, many have no driver’s license, and if I complain, I am called a bigot.
They refuse to speak English, adopt our culture, or accept or laws. If I complain, I am called a bigot Th$y expect our lawmakers to change the taws to benefit them, and if I speak out against that, I am called a bigot.
Today, llving;in this smalt city is like living in a foreign country. I was not a bigot until they taught me how to be one.
Mr. M.H.
Ottuma, Iowa
Bush Is the J^rofelteijDi
I am renewing my subscription to your paper because I generally like the columnists. Your information and ideas on the immigration problem is why I am began reading the paper. The one thing I would like to see more of, is laying the blame where it belongs for this disgraceful mess.
Our president is responsible for enforcing our laws, according to the Constitution. This president has put himself above his duty because he wanted to be elected.
He knew that the cheap labor fanatics would give anything to keep the illegal workers crossing the border.
His amnesty idea, “you-can-invade-our-country-if-you-get-a-job,’’ was an example of his care for the American people and their laws.
Unless George Bush is held :io Jiis Constitutional duties by organizations such as yours, we can never be confident in the laws we vote for.
George Bush has great powers and he uses those powers to support his procedures and to shut down opposition. We need organizations like yours that are not afraid to call a spade a spade.
I have been a Republican for as long as I can remember, but we are in trouble with George Bush as president. I would like to see your paper talk about this.
We need for some of the American people to know where the trouble is coming from.
Mr. R.T.
Tfexas
• ; > ..	L .	.	•	.	A	**,>	-v
-------- — ---------- Letters- ———•—*------------------v
Middle American News
P.O; Box 20608	|
Raleigh, NC 27619 Phone: 919-839-1001 Fax: 919-839-2181 Email address: manewsOmanews.org
Visit our new website: www.manews.org .
(Letters may be edited for space and clarity.)
May 2005
Middle American News
Outrage of the Month. Lurking in the bowels of a $284 billion transportation pork package passed by the House is one exceptionally obscene item: $37 million for widening and extending the street leading to the national headquarters of Wal-Mart in Bentonville, Arkansas. This, explains the company, will make it easier for its 10,000 workers to get to their jobs - but Wal-Mart offers no reason why America’s working people should pay to benefit the world’s largest and most successful retailer. Blame Rep. John Boozman (R- AR) for proposing this outrage and House appropriations cardinal Don Young (R-AK) for putting it into the spending package ....
Lying in Plain Sight. The Freedom of Information Act of 1966 (FOIA) is often cited as a victory for the public’s “right to know” what government is doing. The dirty little secret is that all of the most important parts of government - Congress, the White House, and the federal courts - are exempted from all significant provisions of that law. In fact, it really only applies to the sub-presidential Executive Branch. A recent hearing on updating and “strengthening” the statute brought forth glowing promises of changes to speed compliance and to establish a “presumption of openness” - despite the massive and bewildering array of excuses for denial that Congress has crafted over the years. This is a Democratic effort, spearheaded by Sen. Patrick Leahy QD-VT), who was bounced off the Intelligence Committee \n \9fcl for \ea\dng classified information to a reporter — a sort of “Ao-it-vourself” FOIA. Babbling about the act being a “watershed moment for democracy” and a “bulwark of open government," Leahy has somehow tricked Sens. John Comyn (R-TX) and Johnny Isakson (R-GA) into co-sponsoring his bill — which, of course, has absolutely no provisions opening any other area of government to public scrutiny....
A Eunuch in Charge. After spending literally years getting up the courage just to say that he would seriously consider use of the so-called “nuclear option” to confirm stalled judges - changing Senate rules to bar filibusters against such nominees - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-TN) seems to be chickening out. At presstime, he was talking about “negotiating” with the obstructionist Dems — which everyone knows is impossible. Rick Santorum (R-PA) claims Frist is committed to stopping the filibuster, but Santorum himself is in the process of moving to the “center” in a craven effort to win a third term next year. When holding office becomes more important than standing on principle, the offending individual is no longer worthy to
serve----Speaking of political “positioning,” an amazing
article in the Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call (2/8/05) quoted San Francisco constituents of far-far-far-left House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-C A) complaining that she is not liberal enough. Pelosi was denounced as having “reactionary right-winger views” by a spokesman for the Bay Area United Against War group, and as being “out of the closet politically as a right-leaning Democrat” by the California Green Party. Sounds like these loonies wouldn’t be satisfied with Karl Marx himself!...
Presiding Over a Disaster. Rep. Jack Kingston (R-GA) is apparently furious about being caught in the middle of the constantly escalating cost of the underground Capitol Visitors Center, which has swelled from $265 million to $540 million. As the House Appropriations Legislative Branch subcommittee chairman, Kingston is badgering Architect of the Capitol Alan Hantman for underestimating the cost and doing “a bad job of controlling things.” This is hardly a valid excuse, though, because Congress always
underestimates costs for every program it authorizes, and the poor AOC cannot be blamed for all of those untold trillions in congressional misfeasance and/or malfeasance...
Who Do You Think You Are? An amendment by Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in March, urging Saudi Arabia to permit women to vote and run for office. Saudi Arabia would be more than justified in passing a resolution urging the United States to mind its own
damned business______Recently, Boxer was stupid
enough to make the following statement on tape, in which she tried to justify blocking the confirmation of President Bush’s judicial nominees through filibusters that require a super-majority of 60 votes to overcome:
“Why would we give lifetime appointments to people who earn up to $200,000 a year, with absolutely a great‘retirement system, and all the things all Americans wish for, with absolutely no check and balance except that one confirmation vote? So we’re saying we think you ought to get nine votes over the fifty-one required .. .. There ought to be a super vote. Don’t you think so? It’s the only check and balance on these people ....”
The Constitution requires only 51 votes to confirm a judge, a provision Boxer and her party are shamelessly trying to amend illegally, through filibuster. Watch how fast they switch positions the next time a Democrat is nominating far-left fanatics to the bench. To no one’s surprise. Boxer’s embarrassing disagreement with the Constitution was suppressed by most of the mass media...
If You’re White, You’re Not Wanted. Five years ago. Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV, now the Senate Minority Leader) helped created the modestly titled “Harry Reid-Howard University Leadership Internship.” Under the program, one black student is chosen each semester to intern in Reid’s office, and provided a cash stipend. Whites need not apply. Always quick with a “me too,” Republicans are piling'on the same anti-white bandwagon, and Sen. Rick Santorum is working with “historically black” colleges to place one black student in “every single Republican office” in the Senate, according to an aide. A similar, but much smaller, GOP program has been active in the House for several years____
Feeling Our Pain? While Congress has a vastly disproportionate number of millionaires, and members are paid several times more than the average American, some apparently still live paycheck-to-paycheck. A recent survey by The Hill newspaper reveals that more than 40 House members carried at least $10,000 in charge-card debt during 2003-2004. Highest debtor was Bobby Scott (D-VA), with $80,000 to $ 175,000 on seven credit cards. Duncan Hunter (R-CA) owed between $75,000 and $250,000 on five accounts (partly as a result of a fire that destroyed his California home), and Gary Ackerman (D-NY) was in hock for $50,000 to $100,000. Others admitting to balances of more than $25,000 included Melissa Bean (D-IL), Randy Kuhl (R-NY), Nick Rahall (D-WV), Ted
Poe (R-TX), Rosa DeLauro (D-CT), Louis Gohmert (R-TX) and John Hostettler (R-IN). Only one senator - Norm Coleman (R-MN) - reported a credit card balance, and it was under $15,000. Significantly, 53 senators and 216 House members - a clear majority in the Senate and just two short of one in the House - reported no financial liabilities. Is it any wonder these latter individuals can’t identify with the average American’s
financial situation?___
Hillary “Moderates. ” Those who believe that Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-NY) is moving to the center in an effort to court votes for a 2008 presidential run can rest easier - she is still a pro-abortion fanatic. She and Patty Murray (D-WA) are promising to block confirmation of the new head of the Food and Drug Administration because that agency has not come forth with a decision on approval or denial of a controversial “emergency” contraceptive product....
Money Matters. There are reports that the Congressional Black Caucus is collaborating with conservative GOP House members to repeal portions of the freedom-smothering McCain-Feingold “campaign reform” legislation. Unfortunately, this cabal is not interested in repealing the anti-free-speech provisions of the law, but wants to make it easier for non-profit organizations to fund and subsidize individual campaigns. Rep. William Lacy Clay (D-MO) of the CBC complained in 2003 that he had voted for the bill under duress” from the leadership of his party .... Apparently not satisfied with the current volume of campaign contributions (legal bribes). Rep. Tom Petri (R-WI) is proposing a tax credit of $200, or a deduction of as much as $600, for those who give to pols ....
Just Can’t Win. After savage criticism from the Hill (including a threat from Sen. Arlen Specter (R-PA) of direct interference) that its ethics policy on relations between government scientists and biotechnology companies was too loose, the National Institutes of Health tightened up standards. One new requirement requires employees to divest themselves of biotech and pharmaceutical stocks. Now Specter and Tom Harkin (D-IA), heads of the Labor-HHS appropriations subcommittee, complain that the policy is too restrictive,
and that it will drive away talented scientists-
What Price Convenience? Senate restaurants lost more than a million dollars in the last fiscal year, following deficits of $678,000 in 2003 and $1.2 million in 2002. In past years, part of the loss was blamed on late payment (or non-payment) by the select group allowed to get their meals on credit - senators, former senators and certain other officials - but such expenses were at an extraordinary low level last year, while the deficit soared. Why not eliminate the elegant facilities, fancy appurtenances and subservient waiters, and force these liege lords to abandon their fortress on the Hill and seek sustenance at local McDonalds and Burger Kings - so senators can eat like the people who pay for their bloated salaries and perks....
Vintage Whine. “I was trying to help individuals I thought needed help,” whined Roger D. Blevins III, recently sentenced to three years in prison for embezzling more than $412,000 in campaign funds from Sen. Joseph Biden (D-DE). Although Blevins spent this money on automobiles and other gifts for men he met through a pornographic homosexual website, the refrain is familiar as the universal congressional excuse for “redistributing” income from working Americans to politicians, foreign dictators, business interests, welfare cheats, and other parasites.
May 2005
Page 13
MT GOOD nro MUX TV CK
|-	U.S.	Churches	Push	Open Borders
Breach of Faith: American Churches and the Immigration Crisis
by James C. Russell, Ph.D.
Representative Government Press, Raleigh, North Carolina, 2004; 140 pages; $12
Reviewed by Peter B. Gemma
America’s powerful elites, especially among the mainline religious leadership, believe open borders are good for the USA and add much to the financial and cultural aspects of American life. As a result, radical churchmen — Jewish, Protestant, and Catholic — actively pursue political and legal action on behalf of expanding immigration and other culturally-distorting programs that promote the interests of legal and illegal aliens.
The importance of this public policy dynamic is well documented in Breach of Faith, a new book by James Russell. He holds a Ph.D. in historical theology from Fordham University and wrote a well-received study entitled 7%e Germanization of Early Medieval Christianity: A Sociohistorical Approach to Religious Transformation (Oxford University Press, New York, 1994.) But Dr. Russell isn’t your ordinary academic. Last year he scored over 48% of the vote as a rough-and-tumble candidate for Congress from suburban New York City. He’s a fine mix of thinker, practical political activist, and provocateur (he’s the founder of Christians for Immigration Reform: www.cfir.net.) Russell has now penned an extremely important addition to any immigration re former ’s_library.
If your brother-in-law or youth pastor read just the preface to Breach of Faith-
which details the tragic death of Sister Helen Chaska, a social worker dedicated to helping immigrants — and still do not understand that there’s something seriously amiss with the religious establishment’s blind pursuit of open borders and mass immigration, then take the book away finom them and donate it to your local library or give it to your sister-in-law - because this work is too valuable to waste on a closed mind.
Russell’s well-documented text provides the historical background to the dramatic shift of religious thought and social action regarding immigration in America. The opening chapter, “FoundationsoflmmigrationandChurch-StateTraditions: 1606-1833,” is a fascinating look at the vital role Christian values played in the migration and immigration policy formation in early America.: “One of the most glaring differences between the current era and the colonial and revolutionary periods is ... the churches ’ advocacy of immigration and naturalization restriction... America was, from the time of its earliest settlements, both ‘a nation of immigration restriction,’ as veil as a nation of ethnic and religious separatism.”
Breach of Faith, a primer promoting immigration reform, is filled with quotes, tatistics, and analysis — all useful to any reader who wants to address members of re clergy or members of Congress. There is inspiration for Catholics who want to ake a difference because, according to Russell, “The largest single charitable ganization that provides care for immigrants and refugees and that lobbies federal, ite, and local governments on their behalf is Catholic Charities.” Methodists need aware too: “Resolution Number 250 of the United Methodist General Board of urch and Society describes the extensive and extreme political positions that it ocates regarding immigration [with pledges to] ‘actively oppose anti-immigrant station... advocate human rights (political, economic, and civil) for all people,
I ding strangers who sojourn in our 1 and ... support the legal needs of immigrants ugh church-based immigration clinics. ’ ” There are powerful Jewish interests at l against America’s majority as well. Breach of Faith notes this telling comment Leonard Glickman, president of the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society: “The more se American society is, the safer [Jews] are”
n this highly readable exposd, Russell shows how church leaders have taken in America’s culture war - usually on the wrong side. For example, he quotes Idy that reveals that of the 188 official statements, resolutions, and pastoral issued from the U.S. Catholic Conference between 1966-1988,52% addressed I and international social justice issues — only 12% focused on sexual y and abortion. The author also cautions:	r
he Christian churches have not only become steadfast advocates of ition expansionism, but are promulgating their liberal social justice brand of nity throughout their school systems ... most Christian colleges appear to be :d less with the formation of a personal belief system and moral character in
On Republican Wit and Wisdom by I. Woodruff
Neocon Says Rap Music Will Convince the Arab World It Needs Democracy and Global Capitalism
V
Applauding the arrival of democracy in Iraq, neocon theoretician Victor Davis Hanson is confident that Arab populations are weary of “the plague of tribalism, gender apartheid, human rights abuses, religious fanaticism, and patriarchy” that hitherto have characterized their Islamic culture. These horrors of autocratic Arab societies can only be ended by “democracy - and its twin of open market capitalism,” he writes in the April 1 National Review Online. But how does he know that Arab peoples really want Western-style democracies and capitalism? “What is bringing the Middle East to the crisis stage,” says Hanson, “is the spread into traditional societies of Western-style popular culture, liberality, and materialism - with all its destabilizing and unforeseen consequences. DVD’s, the Internet, rap music, wide-open television and movies - all this and more have titillated once-closed cultures. Globalization also reminded the masses just how far behind the rest of the world Arab society has lapsed under its many faces of autocracy.” Reflecting the kind of shallow thinking that has characterized America’s neocon foreign policy thus far, it has apparently never occurred to Mr. Hanson that it is precisely the spread of the stinking sewer of America’s corporate popular culture via television and movies that has convinced devout Mideast Muslims that the U.S. is, indeed, “the great Satan,” and which, fax from attracting admiration among Arabs, has instead enhanced the recruiting efforts of groups like al Qaeda who are looking for the sort of folks who want to kill
Westerners.
Hanson is convinced that the infiltration of" the blessings of global capitalism such as rap music not only “reminds the Arab street of what it is missing out on” but will help prevent terror attacks. Hanson says the West must continue to impose itself on the Mideast because “for better or worse, we are here and we can only press on...” The only problem we face is “not that we have pushed democracy too abruptly into once-hostile lands, but that we have not pushed it enough...” He admits the push for democracy in the Mideast is “dangerous,” but that it is “most dangerous of all” not to push democracy “through to its logical end” (whatever that is) because that alone “will end the pathologies that led to September 11.”
But the “pathologies” of Arabic autocracy, tribalism, and gender apartheid, which Hanson meticulously targets for destruction by democratic capitalism, are not what led to 9-11. Neither Arab autocracy nor Islamic gender apartheid, which hitherto have sought only to be left alone, launched terrorist attacks on America. What led to 9-11 was resistance to the kind of Western interference in Mideast affairs that Hanson himself recommends. In the 1970’s, it was radical Islamic resistance to Westernization in Iran that propelled the Ayatollah Khomeni’s revolution to topple the America-friendly Shah.
As long as empire-building neocons insist on imposing Western-style democratic capitalism on foreign peoples all over the world by bombs and bayonets, there will be terrorist attacks on America from people who prefer their own culture to ours.
their students than they are in advancing an agenda of diversity, multi-culturalism, and social justice, which usually includes a sympathetic view of immigration...”
Russell’s book is not just another alarming report. The author provides the details of what religious leaders are doing to undermine the customs and values of their own followers: “[TJhere is a growing awareness by politicians and bureaucrats alike that present positions of church leaders on topics like immigration are not representative of their congregations ... [this is not] an authentic, organic development of doctrine and tradition.”
Best of all, Jim Russell offers hope: “On the issue of immigration... Catholics and Protestants diverge sharply from the official liberal attitude espoused by their national organizations... the most recent Pew Foundation survey... [reveals] an average of over 77% Christians support increased immigration restriction. This information merits the widest circulation if our immigration policy is to reflect the will of the majority.”
In line with that good advice. Breach of Faith itself deserves the widest possible circulation.
May 2005
Page 14
Middle American News
Execution of Terri Schiavo
Terri Schiavo is dead. She did not die a natural death, unless you believe a court order to cut off food and water to a disabled woman until she dies of starvation and thirst is natural.
No, Terri Schiavo was executed by the state of Florida. Her crime? She was so mentally disabled as to be unworthy of life in the judgment of Judge George Greer.
The execution was carried out at Woodside Hospice. An autopsy will reveal that Terri’s vital organs shut down for lack of food and water. She did not die of the brain damage she suffered 15 years ago. She was put to death. We have crossed a watershed in America.
Michael Schiavo’s argument that Greer found compelling was that
this is what Terri wanted and she had told him so, though Michael never_■__|
mentioned this until eight years after she was disabled.
Did Terri, at 26, really tell the man to whom she swore lifelong fidelity to find a way to kill her if she became handicapped? Is that what she had in mind when they pledged to stand by each other “in sickness and in health, ‘til death do us part”?
Was Terri that different from her mom, dad, brother and sister, who fought with all they had to keep her alive so they could take care of her for all the years she had left? Why, one wonders, did this severely handicapped woman fight for two weeks against the dying of the light?
America is a great country because she is good country, and if ever she ceases to be good, she will cease to be great,
Alexis de Toqueville is quoted as saying. Are we that America today? Are we the same kind of people? Would the country we grew up in have done this to a disabled woman?
Hubert Humphrey, a passionate liberal, once said, “The moral test of government is how (it) treats those who are in the dawn of life ... those who are in the twilight of life... and those who are in the shadows of life.”
In America, three in 10 in the dawn of life never see the light of day. They are destroyed in the womb because their very existence embarrasses or would encumber their parents. In the twilight of life, we have begun to provide our elderly ill with the means of assisted suicide. In Europe, euthanasia has become involuntary in some nursing homes. In the shadows of life — the sick, the needy, the handicapped — there is now in this land we once called “God’s country” a chance the state will put you to death.
The motivations of the good folks praying for Terri outside the hospice one can understand. The motives of her parents one can understand. Even the motives of Michael Schiavo one can understand. He wants to be rid of Terri to start a new life with his new family.
What is inexplicable is why he did not get a divorce and let her go. What is inexplicable is the behavior of the media talking heads, who seemed so desperately anxious that the judge’s ruling not be reversed and that Terri die. Why were they so pro-death?
One must not interfere in a family decision, they say. But these are the same folks who always demand interference if a father takes a belt to discipline his 14-year-old delinquent son.
This is what Terri would have wanted, they say. We have no right to interfere. But what Terri would have wanted is unclear and in dispute. And if there is disagreement, why not come down on the side of life? Why come down on the side of death, which is final and forever? Why were so many progressives on the side of death for Terri Schiavo?
Conservatives are hypocrites, they charge. The Right opposes judicial activism and preaches states’ rights. But in Terri’s case, the Right clamored for judicial activism and rejected states’ rights.
But this is absurd. The judicial activist in Terri’s case is Greer, who sentenced a brain-damaged woman to death by starvation and dehydration. If this is not judicial activism, in violation of a citizen’s right to life, due process of law, and not to be subjected to cruel and unusual punishment, what is?
And what is there left to say about that angel of death, the American Civil Liberties Union? As Nat Hentoff writes, the ACLU, “which would be passionately criticizing state court decisions and demanding due process if Terri were a convict on death row, has shamefully served as co-counsel for her husband, Michael Schiavo, in his insistent desire to have her die.”
But whose rights were in mortal peril here? Why was the ACLU not at the door of /that hospice, denouncing Greer the way it would be at the door of a penitentiary 1 denouncing Jeb Bush, if the ACLU even suspected an innocent man was being put to 'death? , .
We have turned a sad page in the history of America’s decline.
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
Free Speech in Church?
On Oct. 19,1960, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and 52 others were arrested in Rich’s Department Store in Atlanta for refusing to leave a table in its Magnolia Room restaurant. On Monday, Oct. 24, the 52 “sit-ins” were released.
But King was sentenced to four months at hard labor and sent to Reidsville State Prison. His pregnant wife, Coretta, was terrified he would never leave that rural prison alive.
Told of the situation, John F. Kennedy placed a call to Mrs. King, and Robert Kennedy telephoned the judge who had ordered King to Reidsville. The next day. King was released on bail.
Relief in the African-American community, especially in the South, was immense. King’s father, a renowned Baptist preacher who had come out for Nixon on religious grounds, now endorsed Kennedy. “Because this man was willing to wipe the tears from my daughter’s eyes,” said King Sr., “I’ve got a suitcase full of votes, and I’m going to take them to Mr. Kennedy and dump them in his lap.”
“Scores of Negro leaders, deeply Protestant but even more deeply impressed by Kennedy’s action, followed suit,” writes Theodore H. White, chronicler of presidential campaigns. Black pastors told the story from pulpits. Outside their churches, pamphlets describing the episode were distributed in the millions on the Sunday before the election. The shift of the black vote to Kennedy probably decided the election of1960.
Yet, had King, which assuredly he did, told his congregation, that Sunday, what the Kennedys had done and what he proposed to do — take a “suitcase full of votes” to the Democratic nominee — his Ebeneezer Baptist Church should have, under IRS law, lost its tax exemption. As should have every church in the South whose pastor endorsed Kennedy from the pulpit that Sunday.
That is the absurdity in the IRS tax code that Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina has set about to abolish.
Under The Houses of Worship Free Speech Restoration Act of2005, the IRS code would be amended to permit priests, pastors and rabbis to express their “personal views on political matters or elections for public office during regular religious services, so long as these views are not disseminated beyond the members and guests assembled together at the service.”
Sunday services at black churches where candidates like 'Bill Clinton and John
Kerry are embraced by preachers and pastors would be legal under U .S. law. But so, too, would sermons from the pulpit by Catholic priests and Christian pastors who told congregations that abortion is the slaughter of the innocent, homosexual marriage is an abomination and they should vote for the candidate, be it George Bush, who will oppose them.
What are we doing muzzling our religious leaders, who like the prophets of old, have been ordained by God to hold rulers to account?
America was founded by men and women seeking religious freedom. The Bill of Rights begins with a command: “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech.”
How in such a land can we permit federal agents of the IRS to monitor speech in churches and punish priests or pastors or rabbis who speak truth to power by telling their congregations that some men and women are standing up for morality, while others are not? What kind of country have we become, when men and women who take vows to God thereby lose their rights?
The power to tax is the power to destroy. How did the power to destroy churches whose preachers tell their congregations the truth as they see itj— that some politicians are advancing God’s Kingdom, while others are violating God’s commandments — end up in the hands of the Internal Revenue Service? Because LBJ put it there.
He had not intended to, but in 1954, an election year, LBJ was bedeviled by tax-exempt groups who were pointing out the alleged communist connections of some Texas liberals. LBJ had inserted in the IRS code a penalty — loss of tax exemption — for any organization whose leaders endorsed or opposed the election of a politician.
His amendment was not intended for churches, but it bound them just the same.
Separation of church and state means churches do not dictate state policy and the state does not dictate church teaching. It does not mean rulers have immunity from condemnation or praise. ... J
As Bishop Michael Sheridan of Colorado Springs argues. Catholic priests have a duty to declare “moral principles* including those pertaining to die social order, and to make judgments oh human affairs to the extent that they are required by the fundamental rights erf the human person or the salvation of souls.”
If Congress cannot set free the houses of God, the obstructionists, whoever they are, should get a hiding — from every pulpit in America.
Pat Buchanan
COPYRIGHT2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
COPYRIGHT2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Viewpoint
Middle American News
Page 15
America ’sEconomic Decline
A country cannot be a superpower without a high-tech economy, and America’s (high-tech economy is eroding as I write.
The erosion began when U.S. corporations outsourced manufacturing. Today, [many U.S. companies are little more than a brand name selling goods made in Asia.
Corporate outsourcers and their apologists presented the loss of manufacturing capability as a positive development. Manufacturing, they said, was the “old [economy,” whose loss to Asia ensured Americans lower consumer prices and greater shareholder returns. The American future was in the “new economy” of high-tech knowledge jobs.
This assertion became an article of faith. Few considered how a country could maintain a technological lead when it did not manufacture.
So far in the 21st century, there is scant sign of the American “new economy.” The promised knowledge-based jobs have not appeared. To the contrary, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports a net loss of221,000jobs in six major engineering job classifications.
Today, many computer, electrical and electronics engineers, who were well paid at the end of the 20th century, are unemployed and cannot find work. A country that doesn’t manufacture doesn’t need as many engineers, and much of the work that remains is being outsourced or filled with cheaper foreigners brought into the country on H-lb and L-l work visas.
Confronted with inconvenient facts, outsourcing’s apologists moved to the next level ...	of	fantasy.	Many technical and engineering
jo s, eysaid, have become “commodity jobs,” routine work that can be performed cheaper offshore. America will stay in the lead, they promised, because it will keep the research and development work, and be responsible for design and innovation.
Alas, now it is design and innovation that are being outsourced. Business Week reports (“Outsourcing Innovation,” MarcYv 2.V) that the pledge of First World
corporations to keep research and development in-house “is now passe.”
Corporations such as Dell, Motorola and Philips, which are regarded as manufacturers based in proprietary design and core intellectual property originating in R&D departments, now put their brand names on complete products that are designed, engineered and manufactured in Asia by “original-design manufacturers” (ODM).
Business Week reports that practically overnight large percentages of cell phones, notebook PCs, digital cameras, MP3 players and personal digital assistants are produced by original-design manufacturers. Business Week quotes an executive of a Taiwanese ODM: “Customers used to participate in design two or three years back.
But starting last year, many just take our product.”
Another offshore ODM executive says: “What has changed is that more customers need us to design the whole product. It’s now difficult to get good ideas from our customers. We have to innovate ourselves.” Another says: “We know this kind of producticategory a lot better than our customers do. We have the capability to integrate all the latest technologies.” The customers are America’s premier high-tech
Paul Roberts
Craig
names.
ronlMb
The designaUnd engineering teams of Asian ODMs are expanding rapidly, while those of major UiS. corporations are shrinking. Business Week reports that R&D budgets at such technology companies as Hewlett Packard, Cisco, Motorola, Lucent Technologies, Ericsson and Nokia are being scaled back.
Outsourcing is rapidly converting U.S. corporations into a brand name with a sales force selling foreign designed, engineered and manufactured goods. Whether or not they realize it, U.S. corporations have written off the U.S. consumer market. People who do not participate in the innovation, design, engineering and manufacture of the products that they consume lack the incomes to support the sales infrastructure of he job diverse “old economy.”
“Free market” economists and U.S. politicians are blind to the rapid ransformation of America into a third world economy, but college-bound American tudents and heads of engineering schools are acutely aware of declining career pportunities and enrollments. While “free trade” economists and corporate publicists rattle on about America’s glorious future, heads of prestigious engineering schools mder the future of engineering education in America.
Once U.S. firms complete their loss of proprietary architecture, how much intrinsic due resides in a brand name? What is to keep the all-powerful ODMs from idercutting the American brand names?
The outsourcing of manufacturing, design and innovation has dire consequences r U.S. higher education. The advantages of a college degree are erased when the
only source of employment is domestic nontradable services.
According to the March 11 Los Angeles Times, the percentage of college graduates among the long-term chronically unemployed has risen sharply in the 21st century. The U.S. Department of Labor reported in March that 373,000 discouraged college graduates dropped out of the labor force in February — a far higher number than the number of new jobs created.
The disappearing U.S. economy can also be seen in the exploding trade deficit.
As more employment is shifted offshore, goods and services formerly produced domestically become imports. No-think economists and Bush administration officials claim that America’s increasing dependence on imported goods and services is evidence of the strength of the U.S. economy and its role as engine of global growth.
This claim ignores that the United States is paying for its outsourced goods and services by transferring its wealth and future income streams to foreigners. Foreigners have acquired $3.6 trillion of U.S. assets since 1990 as a result of U.S. trade deficits.
Foreigners have a surfeit of dollar assets. For the past three years, their increasing unwillingness to acquire more dollars has resulted in a marked decline in the dollar’s value in relation to gold and tradable currencies.
Recently, the Japanese, Chinese and Koreans have expressed their concerns. According to a March 10 Bloomberg report, Japan’s unrealized losses on its dollar reserve holdings have reached $ 109.6 billion.
The Asia Times reported on March 12 that Asian central hanks have been reducing their dollar holdings in favor of regional currencies for the past three years.
A study by the Bank of International Settlements concluded that die ratio of dollar reserves held in Asia declined from 81 percent in the third quarter of 2001 to 67 percent in September 2004. India reduced its dollar holdings from 68 percent of total reserves to 43 percent. China reduced its dollar holdings from 83 percent to 68 percent.
The U.S. dollar will not be able to maintain its role as world reserve currency when it is being abandoned by that area of the world that is rapidly becoming the manufacturing, engineering and innovation powerhouse.
Misled by propagandistic “free trade” claims, Americans will be at a loss to understand the increasing career frustrations of the college educated. Falling pay and rising prices ot foreign made goods will squeezg^^^jying	ae	rh^
dollar heralds .America’s descent into a has-been economy.
Meanwhile, the Grand Old Party has passed a bankruptcy “reform” that is certain to turn unemployed Americans living on debt and beset with unpayable medical bills into the indentured servants of credit card companies. The steely-faced Bush administration is making certain that Americans will experience to the full their country’s fall.
To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www. creators, com.
COPYRIGHT2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC

‘Time’for a Clean Up
Sin City is Gore City
Brent Bozell
Parents across America should thank Time magazine for putting the issue of indecency in broadcast and cable television front and center this week, asking the question, “Has TV Gone Too Far?” The poll commissioned by Time suggested the majority of Americans believe this to be true. Most Americans want a change.
Time’s poll found more than half of America’s TV watchers — 53 percent—think the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) should place stricter controls on broadcast-channel shows depicting sexual content and violence. An imposing 68 percent believe the entertainment industry has lost touch with the moral standards of the audience.
So much for Hollywood’s cushiest defense: We only reflect society. Society is now responding, loudly and unambiguously: No, you’re dramatically out of touch.
The numbers condemning Tinseltown cascade: 66 percent said there is too much violence on open-air TV, 58 percent said there’s too much cursing, and 50 percent found too much sexual content, the Time poll said. So upset is the public that about 49 percent agree that FCC regulation ought to be extended to cover basic cable, which includes raunchy reality shows on MTV and the over-the-top FX shows “The Shield” and “Nip/Tuck” on many cable systems.
This is no fluke. Other polls have found similar results.
In February, a Fox News-Opinion Dynamics poll asked: “In general, do you think Holly wood moviemakers share your values or not?”
Thirteen percent said yes, but an overwhelming 70 percent said no. Fox News also asked, “Do you think Hollywood is in touch with the life of the average American, or is Hollywood out of touch with most Americans?” Nineteen percent said Hollywood’s in touch; 72 percent, out of touch. Showing that this issue crosses party lines, 61 percent of Democrats agreed Hollywood does not reflect the values of most Americans.
After the election last November, a CBS/New York Times survey wondered, “What kind of impact would you say Hollywood is having on popular culture? Is Hollywood lowering the moral standards, raising the moral standards or not having much impact on the moral standards of popular culture?” That may seem like asking if the sky is blue, but 62 percent of those polled agreed Hollywood lowers the public morality. Six percent, comprised of the clueless and those employed by the entertainrrient industry, picked the ridiculous answer that Hollywood raises moral standards.
The CBS/Ttmes poll also inquired, “How worried are you that popular culture — that is, television, movies and music — is lowering the moral standards in this country: very worried, somewhat worried, not too worried or not at all worried?” The largest segment, 40 percent chose “very worried,” and another 30 percent said “somewhat worried.” That’s another poll showing 70 percent of Americans are telling Hollywood they’re going overboard. (The tiniest answer was “not at all worried” at 12 percent. I’d bet a majority of that minority isn’t attempting to raise children today.)
Last year, the Chicago Tribune asked about sleazy language on the radio: “How about radio personalities who use implicit or explicit sexual expressions on the air?
Should they be allowed to be on the air, or should they not be allowed?” Thirty percent said it should be allowed, and 64 percent said it should not be allowed.
The Tribune pollsters explicitly asked about Washington’s controversial role in policing the airwaves: “Recently, the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, began fining radio station owners hundreds of thousands of dollars for broadcasts they considered indecent. This led to the cancellation of some shows. Do you approve or disapprove of the FCC’s actions?” Once again, there’s a chasm in public opinion: 58 percent support major fines, and only 33 percent do not. Once again, this is a bipartisan concern: 51 percent of Democrats favored major fines.
Finally, consider a Gallup poll question from last year: “In your view, does the entertainment industry need to make a serious effort to significantly reduce the amount of sex and violence in its movies, television shows and music, or don’t you think they need to do this?” Again, 75 percent say Tinseltown, Motown, and any other entertainment towns need to tone it down. Only 24 percent says they’re in favor of the current system of profit-seeking provocation — for example, televised scenes of on-air orgies, forced oral sex, and disembodied limbs being thrown to tigers — favoring whatever circus will goose the ratings numbers.
The public is making its feelings known, in poll after poll. This issue isn’t going away, and the anything-goes entertainment elite is not on the winning end. It’s time for a clean up.
L. Brent Bozell III is the founder and president of the Parents Television Council. To find out more about Brent Bozell III, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Violence in the movies is something that’s usually well-advertised. Whether it’s “Saving Private Ryan” or “The Texas Chainsaw Massacre,” the ticket-buyer usually knows what’s in store. The title of the latest weekend box-office champ, “Sin City,” might give you a clue (as would the R rating), but viewers are leaving the theater shocked at the gratuitous level of violence and sexual depravity in the film.
One stunned friend guessed that if the filmmakers didn’t reduce the shock a little by filming in black and white, “there’s no way it would be an R-rated movie instead of an NC-17.” They even change the color of blood, making it black, white or yellow to “suit the mood.”
On one Web site where average Joes rate the flicks, you can sense the
revulsion. One wrote, “It relishes in the violence to the point that it becomes sadistic mayhem for the sake of sadistic mayhem.” But the show’s target audience had a different, disgusting reaction: “I laughed when I should have been gasping in horror — sicko that lam — two severed limbs up for me.”
It’s depressing to think of Hollywood executives in a business meeting trying to calculate how to please people like this, when they should be hustling them off to therapy.
“Gore City” might be a better title if advertising were the only goal. The film is hailed as a faithful recreation of the dark comic-book series “Sin City” by Frank Miller. Since there’s nothing comical about mass murder, the purveyors prefer the more serious-sounding term “graphic novel,” with the emphasis here on “graphic.” The director at the helm of this boat, steering his way through the blood flood, is Robert Rodriguez, who leads a whiplash-inducing double life, creating gory adult movies as well as the wildly popular “Spy Kids” trilogy.
The list of violent acts goes on and on: in addition to many fatal shootings, including the crooked priest shot in the confessional, there’s people struck in the head with sledgehammers and hatchets, decapitations with a head that is used like a ball, a dog chewing on a corpse, corpses cut into pieces for disposal, an electrocution. Did I forget the cannibal who keeps chopped-off heads on his wall? Or the pedophile who gets his penis ripped off?
Even some movie critics — who have a habit of praising to the skies the whirling-dervish decapitations of your average Quentin Tarantino gorefest — are c\\oking on this spectacle. Joe MacLeod of Baltimore’s City Paper weekly warned that “there's so much blood flying around Sin City you’re gonna feel like donning lab goggles and a raincoat.” He concluded that once you’ve seen it, “you’ll never, never get the stain out of your soul.”
William Arnold of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer argued the film’s “pornography of brutality” suggests we’re sitting “like Romans at the Coliseum, watching people being decapitated, disemboweled, dismembered, castrated and humiliated. Lawrence Toppman of the Charlotte Observer even protested that the movie shows the failure of the movie ratings system: “Talking bluntly about sex for five minutes will earn an NC-17. Showing it frankly for one minute will do the same. Maiming and slaying people in close-up for two hours — and delighting in it — will get you only an R.
But from the Two Severed Limbs Up school of film criticism, there’s always David Edelstein of Slate.com, who found “the most relentless display of torture and sadism I’ve encountered in a mainstream movie.... I loved it. Or, to put it another way, I loved it, I loved it, I loved it. I loved every gorgeous, sick, disgusting, ravishttig, overbaked, blood-spurting, artificial frame of it.” He concluded the review: “It seems pointless to tut-tut over the depravity. ‘Sin City’ is like a must-have coffee-table book for your interior torture chamber.”
Slate.com should never be allowed to lecture anyone ever again about morality of any kind.
Stephen Hunter of The Washington Post bluntly declared the film “a pure product of the American death cult... and damn, it’s really good. So do you say: This film is perverse and should be banned for it will fascinate all too many of the impressionable young with its aggressive nihilism? Or do you say: It’s so gorgeous and seductive and such a mesmerizing experience, you just have to let it be what it is and not apply the laws of taste and society to it.... I have no idea.”
There’s one huge problem with film critics. It’s fine to appreciate the art of
something, but not to the utter exclusion of a social conscience. Film is not just
entertaining, it can be intoxicating. It can be a very malignant influence. Can you sit on
the fence as this cinematic disease spreads? Just wait until the “Sin City” DVD starts traveling around in teenager backpacks.
COPYRIGHT 2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Page 17
Feminism Kills
How many people have to die before the country stops humoring feminists? Recently, a defendant in a rape case, Hrian Nichols, wrested a gun from a female deputy in an Atlanta courthouse and went on a murderous rampage. Liberals have proffered every possible explanation for this breakdown in security except the giant elephant in the room — who undoubtedly has an eating disorder and would appreciate a little support vis-a-vis her negative body image.
The New York Times said the problem was not enough government spending on courthouse security (“Budgets Can Affect Safety Inside Many Courthouses”). Yes, it was tax-cuts-for-the-rich that somehow enabled a 200-pound former linebacker to take a gun from a 5-foot-tall grandmother.
Atlanta court officials dispensed with any spending issues the next time Nichols entered the courtroom when he was escorted by 17 guards I and two police helicopters. He looked like P. Diddy showing up for a casual dinner party.
I think I have an idea that would save money and lives: Have large men escort violent criminals. Admittedly, this approach would risk another wave of nausea and vomiting by female professors at Harvard.
But there are also advantages to not pretending women are as strong as men, such as fewer dead people. Even a female math professor at Harvard should be able to run the numbers on this one.
Of course, it’s suspiciously difficult to find any hard data about the performance of female cops. Not as hard as finding the study showing New Jersey state troopers aren’t racist, but still pretty hard to find.
Mostly what you find on Lexis-Nexis are news stories quoting police chiefs who have been browbeaten into submission, all uttering the identical mantra after every public safety disaster involving a girl cop. It seems that female officers compensate for a lack of strength with “other” abilities, such as cooperation, empathy and intuition.
There are lots of passing references to “studies” of uncertain provenance, but which always sound uncannily like a press release from the Feminist Majority Foundation. (Or maybe it was The Pew Research Center for the People and the Press, which recently released a study claiming that despite Memogate, “Fahrenheit 911,” the Richard Clarke show and the jihad against the Swift Boat Veterans, the press is being soft on Bush.).
The anOTvymovis “studies” about female officers VnvariatoVy demonstrate that
■women make excellent cops — even better cops them men! One such study cited an episode of “She’s the Sheriff,” starring Suzanne Somers.
A1993 news article in the Los Angeles Times, for example, referred to a “study” — cited by an ACLU attorney — allegedly proving that “female officers are more effective at making arrests without employing force because they are better at de-escalating confrontations with suspects.” No, you can’t see the study or have the name of the organization that performed it, and why would you ask?
There are roughly 118 million men in this country who would take exception to that notion. I wonder if women officers “de-escalate” by mentioning how much more money
their last suspect made.
These aren’t unascertainable facts, like Pinch Sulzberger’s SAT scores. The U.S. Department of Justice regularly performs comprehensive surveys of state and local law enforcement agencies, collected in volumes called “Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics.”
The inestimable economist John Lott has looked at the actual
data. (And I’ll give you the citation! John R. Lott Jr., “Does a Helping Hand Put Others at Risk? Affirmative Action, Police Departments and Crime,” Economic Inquiry, April 1, 2000.)
It turns out that, far from “de-escalating force” through their superior listening skills, female law enforcement officers vastly are more likely to shoot civilians than their male counterparts. (Especially when perps won’t reveal where they bought a particularly darling pair of shoes.)
Unable to use intermediate force, like a bop on the nose, female officers quickly go to fatal force. According to Lott’s analysis, each 1 percent increase in the number of white female officers in a police force increases the number of shootings of civilians by 2.7 percent.
Adding males to a police force decreases the number of civilians accidentally shot by police. Adding black males decreases civilian shootings by police even more. By contrast, adding white female officers increases accidental shootings. (And for my Handgun Control Inc. readers: Private citizens are much less likely to accidentally shoot someone than are the police, presumably because they do not have to approach the suspect and make an arrest.)
In addition to accidentally shooting people, female law enforcement officers are also more likely to be assaulted than male officers — as the whole country saw in Atlanta last week. Lott says: “Increasing the number of female officers by 1 percentage point appears to increase the number of assaults on police by 15 percent to 19 percent.”
In addition to the obvious explanations for why female cops are more likely to be assaulted and to accidentally shoot people — such as that our society encourages girls to play with dolls — there is also the fact that women are smaller and
weaker than men.
In a study of public safety officers — not even the general population — female officers were found to have 32 percent to 56 percent less upper body strength and 18 percent to 45 percent less lower body strength than male officers — although their outfits were 43 percent more coordinated. (Here’s the cite! Frank J. Landy, “Alternatives tt^hronologiea^a^r^etermminpStancto
Technical Report, Vol. 1, Jan. 31,1992.)
Another study I’ve devised involves asking a woman to open ajar of pickles.
There is also the telling fact that feminists demand that strength tests be watered down so that women can pass them. Feminists simultaneously demand that no one suggest women are not as strong as men and then turn around and demand that all the strength tests be changed. It’s one thing to waste everyone’s time by allowing women to try out for police and fire departments under the same tests given to men. It’s quite another to demand that the tests be brawned-down so no one ever has to tell female Harvard professors that women aren’t as strong as men.
Acknowledging reality wouldn’t be all bad for women. For one thing, they won’t have to confront violent felons on methamphetamme. So that’s good. Also, while a
sane world would not employ 5-foot-
Ann Coulter
SIWfeS
ttylpce rTMC 8W41
IMtiUAKKmS
NOT r&K „ COHSWVAflV&Slll
tall grandmothers as law enforcement officers, a sane world would also not give full body-cavity searches to 5-foot-tall grandmothers at airports.
COPYRIGHT 2005 ANN COULTER
May2Q05

Public Servants, My Foot
The U.S. public debt is $7.7 trillion. The annual interest on it is $120 billion. Total receipts for fiscal 2005 through December were $487 billion. Total outlays were $605 billion.
There is a line from one of Charles Dickens’ novels that goes something like this: Income 21 shillings, outgo 19 shillings equals bliss. Income 21 shillings, outgo 22 shillings equals misery.
It is a simple truth that anyone — a person, a family or a government — who spends more than what is taken in will eventually be bankrupt. Most of the politicians in Washington, including the president — not to mention most Americans — seem unconcerned about this pending disaster.
How many people have to work how long just to pay the taxes necessary to cover the annual interest? That $120 billion goes right into private and corporate pockets before the government even buys a pencil, much less performs any services. To most of us, billions and trillions of dollars are inconceivable, and therefore we tend to look upon them as abstractions that have no meaning.
They do have meaning, because every penny the federal government takes in must of necessity come out of the labor, sweat, savings and earnings of the American people. Money the government takes from us is money we don’t have to feed our families and provide them with medical care and with shelter.
There’s your best argument for small government. We need government, and we must pay for it. But if government gets too big, it becomes predatory and impoverishes people rather than helps them.
Governments, of course, don’t go bankrupt. They usually resort to inflating the currency. That not only cheats the creditors by paying them off with dollars that won’t buy much, but it also robs the people of their earnings and their savings. Our government, in cahoots with the Federal Reserve System, has been systematically inflating the currency for years.
A dollar in 1967 would buy four gallons of gas. Today, it will not buy one gallon. You have to remember, our currency is backed up by nothing.
You can’t exchange a dollar for gold or silver. Therefore, its purchasing power depends on how many dollars there are in circulation. The more
dollars, the less each one buys. So for years, Congress has been flushing more dollars into the system to cover its deficits and reckless spending.
Now, most modem politicians being liars, they are always trying to cover their tracks. They want you to concentrate on the monthly figures, which are reasonably low. What they don’t tell you is that inflation is cumulative. The sum of low annual rates added together equals a large loss of purchasing power.
Another trick they use is to constantly change the base year by which purchasing power is measured. If they still used 1967, it would show that the dollar has lost almost 75. percent of its purchasing power, so they set a new base year every 20 years. That means, for example, a $10,000 life-insurance policy purchased in 1967 would today pay the beneficiary about $2,500. The other $7,500 has been stolen by the government.
I’ve always been puzzled about why so many Americans are so easily satisfied by their politicians. I suppose it’s a combination of low IQs, inadequate education and naturally trusting nature, further helped by incessant distractions and entertainment.
The American people deserve a sound currency that keeps its value. They deserve a frugal government that will not burden future generations with debts for things long ago consumed. Thomas Jefferson said that no government debt should extend beyond 20 years, generally considered one generation.
As we say in the South, the American people are being screwed, blued and tattooed by the politicians in Washington, and most of the people don’t even know it. They are suffocated by the incessant amount of fertilizer poured on them by the smiley, overpaid, overperked, overpensioned politicians who have voted themselves into the top 5 percent of income. Public servants, my foot.
(Write to Charley Reese at P.O. Box 2446, Orlando, FL 32802)
Charley Reese
(c) 2005 by King Features Syndicate
Where to Write
Business addresses for columnists appearing in Middle American News:
Phyllis Schlafty Copley News Service P.O. Box 120190 San Diego, California 92112-0190
Ann Coulter
Universal Press Syndicate 4520 Main Street Kansas City, Missouri 64111
Patrick J. Buchanan, Brent Bozell, or Paul Craig Roberts Creators Syndicate 5777 W. Century Blvd.
Suite 700
Los Angeles, California 90045
Democracy and Tradition
Some of you might recall that back when so many were waxing euphoric about the Iraqi elections, I warned that holding an election and establishing a democratic government were not the same thing.
Two months after those elections, the elected officials have not been able to agree on a new government. They probably will sooner or later, but it will be a tenuous agreement. Part of their difficulty is that we imposed on this interim-government process a requirement for a two-thirds vote to get almost anything approved in the new assembly.
If the American Congress had to pass everything with a two-thirds vote, we would have fewer laws than we do now. Come to think of it, that’s not a bad idea.
But the problem in Iraq, and in many other places, is that the culture is not democratic in the Western sense of the word. Our philosophy of individual rights began centuries ago in what we today call the United Kingdom. Long before it was united and long before America was even discovered by Europeans, the roots of individual liberty were planted in the cold soil of England and Scotland. There it developed through centuries of conflict.
Before the shroud of political correctness descended, it used to be easy to say that our form of free society is Anglo-Saxon. It is distinguished from other forms of democracy chiefly on this basis. In the Anglo-Saxon societies, individual rights trump group rights; in other places, including continental Europe, group rights trump the individual.
Thus, you can see a great similarity among the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. The culture of these English-speaking countries differs from the cultures of Asia, Africa, the Middle East and even of continental Europe. The British Empire tried to make “Englishmen” of other people, and they failed. Now we are trying to make “Americans” out of other people, and we, too, will fail.
What makes those evangelicals of democracy think they can establish a government in Baghdad that is strong enough to rule the country but that won’t also be strong enough to perpetuate itself in power? What makes them think they can create an army and internal security force strong enough to secure the country but that won’t also be strong enough to seize power?
Our own Army has always been strong enough to seize control of the government. What has protected us from military coups is that our soldiers have a tradition of loyalty to the Constitution that would trump loyalty and obedience to a rogue officer. No such tradition of constitutional loyalty is present in the Middle East today. The tradition there is loyalty to a strong leader, a cultural trait shared with the Hispanic world.
Of course, traditions can change, including ours. In a quiz given by a professor, a pretty high percentage of Marines answered yes to the question of whether they would fire on their fellow citizens if so ordered. That’s why I’ve always opposed the all-volunteer Army. A volunteer force is by definition a mercenary force, and the longer it remains, the more it will tend to take on the characteristics of mercenaries — including loyalty to no one.
I mean no disrespect to the Iraqis. I wish them well. I just think that they will eventually choose security and jobs over endless debate. On a recent rancorous day, the first thing the Iraqi Assembly did was kick out the journalists. A free press is not part of their tradition. Even if, however, they do succeed at democracy, I don’t think it’s worth 1,500 American lives, 11,000 wounded and $200 billion.
The president should worry more about nurturing democracy in our country, where it is being slowly eroded. He should concern himself with rebuilding our infrastructure. He should address the soaring costs of education and health care for Americans.
Unfortunately, Mr. Bush seems to be under the erroneous belief that whatever office the American people elected him to, God has appointed him president of the world. He should spread that notion on his wife’s flower beds back home.
(c) 2005 by King Features Syndicate
May 2005
Phyllis Schlafly
Judicial Supremacy Kills
Florida Probate Judge George Greer has taken judicial supremacy to new abuses in ordering the starvation of an innocent woman against the will of her parents, her brother, her church, thousands of volunteers, and, as far as we know, herself. We wouldn’t permit anyone to treat a dog this way.
Greer not only ordered the cruel withholding of food and water from defenseless Terri Schiavo, he also set in motion the arrests of many good Samaritans attempting to bring her sustenance. The television pictures of armed police barring people from attempting to take her food or water were shocking.
For seven years, this single judge has ruled like a dictator over Schiavo, determined to ensure her death. In 2001, he reportedly said from the bench, “The law of this case is that she will die.”
Five times he was asked to recuse himself from the case, and five times he refused. He also denied requests, based on numerous affidavits, to allow a recent medical examination of Schiavo that would take advantage of improvements in medical technology.
Greer’s own pastor recently felt compelled to write, “It would seem the logical and, I would say. Biblical course” for Judge Greer to withdraw from the congregation, and he did.
Florida has term limits applying to its legislators and governor, but nothing to curb Greer’s obsession and power to terminate Schiavo’s life. It is long overdue to pass term limits for how long a single judge can preside tyrannically over one case.
Those who insist that the government should stay out of the Schiavo case can direct their ire at Greer, who has forced Schiavo to die of thirst. If the government stayed out of this case, then Schiavo would be receiving food and water from her parents and others.
Greer advances the pro-death cause of attorney George Felos, who publicly pretends that Schiavo’s “death process” has been peaceful. But videotaping of Schiavo in her final days was forbidden, in order to conceal from the public how barbaric this process really is.
By fiat, Greer declared that he had “clear and convincing” evidence that Schiavo would want to be starved to death rather than provided good medical care. That preposterous claim relies on assertions made by her husband’s family after he hooked up with another woman, and many years after husband Michael Schiavo testified to a jury that Terri needed a large award to provide for her life-long care.
According to Terri’s brother, Michael told three different accounts of Terri’s original collapse that caused her unusual condition at age 26, and that a bone scan snowed broken bones indicating possible abuse. Yet Florida authorities have steadfastly refused to fully investigate, bring charges, or even act to preserve evidence.
Perhaps the movie “Million Dollar Baby,” so praised by the critics, was meant to prepare the public to accept euthanasia. But smart moviegoers evidently did not like its message and it did far worse at the box-office than is typical for a winner of the Academy Award for best picture.
Dr. Jack Kevorkian is serving a long prison sentence for assisting the death of a patient. Yet Greer has perverted the judicial function just as surely as Kevorkian perverted the medical function.
Michigan had the good sense to prosecute Kevorkian. Where is the Florida prosecutor? Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist is busy campaigning to become the next governor of Florida.
Greer, Felos and Michael Schiavo plan to cremate Terri’s body immediately after death to destroy th^ evidence of their heartless deed. At the very least, Crist should order a full investigation and autopsy.
In California, the Democratic Attorney General personally intervened in the Laci Peterson case to ensure that her killer was brought to justice. But even Scott Peterson benefited from a full jury trial before being sentenced to death, and he will still enjoy numerous appeals and years of delay. Terri Schiavo was ordered to die by one man who served as judge, jury and executioner.
This is judicial arrogance at its ugliest. The public should reject the myth that supremacist judges can override the governor, the legislature. Congress, the president, common sense, and even the right to life, and use armed police to protect judicial supremacy.
The Terri Schiavo case has blanketed the news for several weeks, but there are two usually noisy factions we haven’t heard from.
Where are the feminists who are forever whining about abusive husbands? Why are they mute about a husband conniving with a lawyer and a judge to kill his wife?
There is also a thundering silence coming from the people who have been so confidently predicting miracle cures of brain and spinal cord damage by the use of stem cells. Can’t Terri be fed for a few more months or years so she can try one of these promised cures?
As this drama played out over Easter weekend, we are reminded of Pontius Pilate washing his hands and putting politics above injustice. Pilate would have been popular in polls of his time, but history has rendered a different verdict.
The Outrages Taxpayers and Parents Pay For
© 2005 Copley News Service
The reluctance of the University of Colorado to fire professor Ward Churchill is showing the public that colleges and universities are nests of subsidized radicals. Churchill is no anomaly; like-minded professors hold forth on campuses all over the country.
Repeated surveys report that Democratic professors outnumber Republican professors by about 10 to 1, but that ratio doesn’t begin to reveal the outrageous leftist culture to which college students are subjected. Many professors are Marxists or other varieties of radicals who hate the United States.
The Churchill episode confirms left-wing professor Richard Rorty’s boast that universities are now “the power base for the left in America.”
Churchill’s Ethnic Studies, Women’s Studies, Gay and Lesbian Studies, and ■African-American Studies are not merely studies or departments; they are university-financed “movements” of the left.
Churchill and the 199 University of Colorado faculty members publicly defending him claim the mantle of academic freedom for his offensive statements likening the Sept. 11, 2001, victims to “little Eichmanns” and referring to the “gallant sacrifices” of the “combat teams” that killed 3,000 Americans. They want academic freedom to shield him from charges of plagiarism, false claims of Indian status in his affirmative action job application and misrepresentation of sources in his academic writings.
Public opinion supports the verdict that Churchill was guilty of “conduct which falls below minimum standards of professional integrity,” which is the University of Colorado’s standard for dismissal of tenured professors. Instead, University of Colorado President Elizabeth Hoffman resigned, saving herself from the task of either firing or defending Churchill.
The most frequent complaint I hear from college students is that professors inject their leftist political comments into their courses even when they have nothing to do with the subject. An anti-Bush tirade, for example, might stream forth without warning in math class.
This politicizing of academia is confirmed by a survey commissioned by the American Council of Trustees and Alumni. It reported that 46 percent of students at the 50 top U.S. universities and colleges say professors “use the classroom to present their personal political views.”
The survey also showed that 74 percent of students said their professors made positive
rem^^^bou^ber^^wlhl^^^jercen^gDorte^ne&ato^xomment^abou^QiiSMvaiive^^
Of more concern is the survey’s report that 29 percent of students said there are courses in which students must agree with the professor’s political or social views in order to get a good grade. That sort of intellectual oppression ought to be exposed in the evaluations of professors that students fill out each term, but according to 83 percent of the students polled, there isn’t anything on the evaluation form to report a professor’s imposing his irrelevant political and social ideology on the class.
Professorial bias against conservatives in general and President George W. Bush in particular is exceeded only by the bias against traditional morality. We are indebted to columnist John Leo for revealing the shockers at Wesleyan University: “the naked dorm, the transgender dorm, the queer prom, the pomography-for-credit course, the obscene sidewalk chalking, the campus club named crudely for a woman’s private part,” and more.
Prospects for change in campus bias any time soon are dim because of the lock radicals have on the hiring of new professors, the granting of tenure, and selection of publications by academic journals and the university press.
Meanwhile, tuition and fees were up 10.5 percent last year and 14 percent the year before. Over the last 25 years, tuition increases have annually exceeded the consumer price index by 3.5 percent.
The scandal that more than 30 percent of university students do not graduate within six years is a direct consequence of the easy availability of government grants and loans. Why hurry if your easygoing campus lifestyle is heavily subsidized, even for taking remedial courses to learn what you failed to learn in high school?
On the other hand, university presidents are doing better and better: 42 presidents of private colleges and 17 presidents of public universities draw salaries of more than $500,000 a year. Nine universities pay their presidents more than $700,000.
There is no evidence that the taxpayers are getting more for their money, or that students are learning more, or even that additional revenues are spent on instruction. The average score on the Graduate Record Exam is lower today than in 1965.
The exorbitant rise in tuition is largely caused by increased amounts of government money spent without accountability or any kind of market discipline. Federal grants and loans to students provide a direct financial incentive to colleges to raise the sticker price of tuition in order to extract more from the government as well as from students and their parents who don’t receive financial aid.
The only way to put a lid on tuition prices is to eliminate the tremendous incentive caused by government subsidies. Follow the money.
Phyllis Schlafly is a lawyer, conservative political analyst and the author of uThe Supremacists. ” She can be contacted by e-mail at phyllis@eagleforum.org.
© 2005 Copley News Service
May 2005
CAFTA Is a Bad Deal for the United States
Those who believe in American sovereignty and/or our unique principle of federalism are waking up to the damage that the Central American Free Trade Agreement will do to both. Its fate in Congress is uncertain and bipartisan opposition is growing.
The United States signed CAFTA in May with Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. On Aug. 5, it was expanded to include the Dominican Republic.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert B. Zoellick sent a letter to the governors of 50 states in September 2003 asking them to “sign on” to the government purchasing regulations contained in all the trade agreements he was then negotiating. More than half replied with a letter of consent.
When the draft text of CAFTA was first made available on Jan. 28,
2004, these states discovered they were bound by the 2,400-page agreement and were specifically listed in Chapter 9. A third have since rescinded their support of CAFTA.
Governors are hearing from state legislators who are beginning to understand how foreign-trade agreements usurp state constitutional and legislative powers. These agreements take away state legislative authority over regulating utilities, controlling land use and the granting of taxpayer-funded contracts.
Last fall, a World Trade Organization tribunal outlawed Utah’s ban on gambling, opening the door to millions of dollars in penalties against all states with anti-gambling regulations. Antigua and Barbuda had charged that Utah’s ban on gambling violated America’s obligation not to discriminate against foreigners providing “recreational services.”
CAFTA includes hundreds of pages of grants of vague authority to foreign tribunals. It wouldn’t take a very activist foreign judge to read his own interpretation into language that requires us to use the “least trade-restrictive regulations and to change our laws so they are “no more burdensome than necessary.”
Meanwhile, states are feeling heat from constituents who have discovered that some state agencies are paying taxpayer money to corporations that outsource their labor, particularly programmers, engineers and call-center workers. Anti-outsourcing bills have been introduced in 35 states.
It is clear that CAFTA would prevent any state that has “signed on” from giving preference to in-state contractors or prohibiting tax dollars from going to contractors who outsource jobs. Any Central American country could file a complaint, and the state would have to rely on its defense by the U.S. government that has already agreed to CAFTA’s rules.
If President George W. Bush is successful in starting private accounts in Social Security, WTO rules would require us to let foreign money managers and insurers bid to manage our retirement.
It’s not as though we weren’t warned. In line with the ancient axiom that coming
events cast their shadows before them, the shadows of CAFTA’s harm have been visible for years from the anti-American decisions of the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement and the 1995 World Trade Organization.
Geneva-based WTO tribunals have ruled against the United States in 24 cases. Some of those decisions were very costly to the U.S. economy.
On Feb. 6,2001, a NAFTA international tribunal ordered the United States to open all roads to Mexican trucks. The ruling repeatedly referred to NAFTA as a “treaty,” although NAFTA was never submitted to the U.S. Senate as a treaty, but instead was rushed through Congress by a simple majority vote (the WTO was passed using the same treatyducking shenanigan).
Former Democratic member of the House of Representatives from Illinois and U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Abner Mikva, who served on a NAFTA panel in 1998, said, “If Congress had any idea what they were voting on back then, they never would have passed NAFTA.”
The pro-C AFTA lobby tells us to relax and enjoy it because CAFTA is an inevitable part of globalization. But trade agreements are not handed down from on high, and they are not free-market actions; they are manmade rules created by politicians and lobbyists to serve the interests of the corporations that pay the lobbying costs.
The pro-CAFTA lobby’s promise of big trade with CAFTA countries is a pipe dream. How can anyone expect customers for U.S. products from countries where half the people live below the poverty line and the hourly wages are often less than 50 cents per hour?
El Salvador’s principal exports to the United States are its vicious MS-13 and other street gangs. Hundreds of these young criminals have brought an unprecedented level of murder, violence, mutilation, and brutality to cities all over our country.
The real purpose of CAFTA is to allow multinational corporations to exploit the abundance of cheap labor and the scarcity of taxes and safety regulations in CAFTA countries. CAFTA will increase our $58 billion job-killing U.S. trade deficit and further weaken our already suffering dollar.
Congress should defeat CAFTA and reassert the primacy of the U.S. Constitution, which states that only Congress has the power “to regulate commerce with foreign nations” and that treaties are valid only if ratified by two-thirds of the U.S. Senate.
Phyllis Schlafly is a lawyer, conservative political analyst and the author of “The Supremacists.” She can be contacted by e-mail at phyllis@eagleforum.org.
© 2005 Copley News Service
Visit Copley News Service at www.copleynews.com.

Whither America ?
What is America’s future? Prediction is no one’s strong point. A century after the fall of Rome, no one could have predicted that Roman armies would reappear to reclaim for the Empire “that which was lost to neglect” and destroy the Ostrogoths in Italy and the Vandals in Africa. Neither could anyone have predicted that Justinian the Great’s restoration of the Roman Empire would be undone in the following century by the rise of an obscure people united under the banner of Islam.
It is easier to note that which America is losing to neglect than to predict the consequences. Failings are everywhere apparent. President Bush has led us into a gratuitous war that has destroyed America’s soft power and demonstrated the limits of its hard power. In the name of fighting terrorism, Bush has eroded already weakened civil liberties. President Bush’s “war on terror” has inflicted greater costs on America than that inflicted by the terrorists themselves.
The opposition party does not oppose. The Bush administration has given Democrats more opportune targets than President Clinton’s sexcapade with Monica Lewinski provided Republicans. But the Democrats are too weak to capitalize on the political opportunities.
The failures of Democrats and Republicans offer chances to libertarians. But libertarians are politically impotent. Their ideology and abstract commitments are perceived as taking precedence over the well-being of their fellow citizens.
Libertarians cannot differentiate between the comparative advantage case for free trade and labor arbitrage based on absolute advantage that is destroying the jobs and hopes of Americans.
America is so fractured by diversity, multiculturalism, organized special interest groups and race- and gender-based legal privileges that the concept of the public interest has simply disappeared.
America’s intellectual camps have become boosterish echo chambers that dismiss out of hand any contrary thought. Preaching to the choir while demonizing others is a path to intellectual impotence.
The rule of law has been replaced by the rule of regulators and prosecutors, who interpret the law to suit their careers and agendas, and by the rule of plunder in torts.
Faced with these grave challenges to America’s integrity, the political energies of the American left are focused on gay marriage and abortion; that of the American right on the opposite. Twenty million evangelical Christians, who once focused on saving their souls, now seek an avenue to heaven through waf in the Middle East, which they believe will bring on Armageddon and the Rapture.
A once-independent media are now highly concentrated and speak mostly with a single voice in behalf of the interests of advertisers and a new aggressive American nationalism. To save its existence, even National Public Radio teeks pressured to partake of the Carl Rove spin.
Democracy struggles under the best of circumstances. When the people are woefully uninformed on almost every subject and totally dependent on spun news, success must rest on outside events and the failure of others.
Was America’s 20th century pre-eminence the result of democracy and free trade, or was it the result of two wars, which devastated Europe, and the rise of communism, which set back the clock in Russia and Asia for decades?
It is very easy to be pre-eminent while every other economy must recover from ruin. Today, America is failing, while Asia rises as the economic powerhouse and Europe seeks to unite.
America’s once-powerful manufacturers are today little more than brand names with sales forces. Some still assemble foreign-made parts, but many simply market products of foreign innovation, design, engineering and manufacture. As more and more of America’s economy is outsourced, America’s engineering and design professions decline, as. does the value of a college education. In the 21st century, America has been unable to create jobs in export and import-competitive sectors.
America’s financial pre-eminence is based on the dollar’s role as reserve currency, a role threatened by the dollar’s long downward slide in value as the result of trade and budget deficits.
America’s strong communities and neighborhood schools are gone, destroyed by an ideology that used bussing to break them apart.
Feminism has put great pressure on families by weakening women’s commitments to children and marriages with the new commitment to career and independence.
Parents cannot discipline children without risk of government intervention through Child Protective Services. Acceptable standards of behavior decline, and children become sexually promiscuous and partake of alcohol and drugs at earlier and earlier ages.
University students are stressed to find a major that cannot be outsourced. Students are discovering that outsourcing and work visas have closed many occupations to them.
America’s borders are not protected against legal and illegal immigration that long ago dispelled any pretense of assimilation. Disparate interests, races and values have overwhelmed the abstract basis of American unity. Patriotism is being destroyed by the government’s indifference to, if not preference for, immigrant invasion. Patriotism’s place is being taken by a dangerous nationalism.
Will the Republican Party’s neo-Jacobin ideology reunite the country in an aggressive nationalism against the world, or will America’s Asian bankers cease to finance the empire of red ink? Does America still have an edge, or is America in retirement, living off past accomplishments?
Whither America is a question that deserves a lot more attention than it gets.
Job Drought Continues
Paul Craig Roberts
In March, the U.S. economy created a paltry 111,000 private sector jobs, half the expected amount. Following a well-established pattern, U.S. job growth was concentrated in domestic services: waitresses and bartenders, construction, administrative and waste services, and health care and social assistance.
In the 21st century, the U.S. economy has ceased to create jobs in knowledge industries or information technology (IT). It has been a long time since any jobs were created in export and import-competitive sectors.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics forecasts no change in the new pattern of U.S. payroll job growth. Outsourcing and offshore production have reduced the need for American engineers, scientists, designers, accountants, stock analysts and other professional skills. A college degree is no longer a ticket to upward mobility for Americans.
Nandan Nilekani is CEO of Infosys, an Indian software development firm. In a Feb. 18 interview with New Scientist, he noted that outsourcing is causing American students to “stop studying technical subjects. They are already becoming wary of going into a field which will be ‘Bangalored’ tomorrow.” Bangalore is India’s Silicon Valley. A 21st century creation of outsourcing. Bangalore is a new R&D home for Hewlett-Packard, GE, Google, Cisco, Intel, Sun Microsystems, Motorola and Microsoft. The New Scientist reports: “The concentration of high-tech companies in the city is unparalleled almost anywhere in the world. At last count, Bangalore had more than 150,000 software engineers.”
Meanwhile, American software engineers go begging for employment, with several hundred thousand unemployed. I know engineers in their 30s with excellent experience who have been out of work since their jobs were outsourced four or five years ago. One is moving to Thailand to take a job in an outsourcing operation at $875 a month.
A country that permits its manufacturing and its technical and scientific professions to wither away is a country on a path to the Third World. The mark of a Third World country is a labor force employed in domestic services.
Many Americans and almost every economist and policymaker do not see the peril.
They confuse outsourcing with free trade, and they have been taught that free trade is always beneficial.
Outsourcing is labor arbitrage. Cheaper foreign labor is being substituted for more expensive First World labor. Higher productivity no longer protects the wages and salaries of First World employees from cheap foreign labor. Political change in Asia has made it easy to move First World capital and technology to cheap labor, and the Internet has made it easy to move cheap labor to First World capital and technology. When working with First World capital and technology, foreign labor is just as productive — and a lot cheaper.
This is a new development. It is not a development covered by the case for free trade.
Outsourcing’s apologists claim that it will create new jobs for Americans, but there is no sign of these jobs in the payroll jobs data. Moreover, it doesn’t require much thought to see that the same incentive to outsource would apply to any such new jobs. By definition, outsourcing is the substitution of foreign labor for domestic labor. It is impossible for a process that replaces domestic employees with foreigners to create jobs for domestic labor.
Now biotech and pharmaceutical jobs and innovation itself are being moved offshore. The Boston Globe reports that Indian chemists with Ph.D. degrees work for one-fifth the pay of U.S. chemists. American chemists cannot give up 80 percent of their pay to meet the competition and still pay their bills. Rising interest rates will make it difficult enough for Americans to make their mortgage payments, and the dollar’s declining exchange value will raise the prices of the goods and services that have been -moved offshore.
Americans are unaware of the difficult adjustments that are coming their way. By the time Americans catch on to outsourcing, its proponents will have changed its name to “strategic sourcing” or “partnering.”
Corporations, economists and politicians have written off American labor. No end of the job drought is in sight.
To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www. creators, com.
May 2005
COPYRIGHT 2005 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
The ugly truth about the dark side of liberalism ...
The Dark Side of Liberalism by Phil Kent delivers a fresh analysis of the hottest issues in America from race relations, mass immigration, and political correctness to radical feminism, media bias, Hollywood’s pollution of our culture, and the war over our federal courts.
Kenneth Starr, former Independent Counsel: ‘The Dark Side of Liberalism powerfully reveals the truth behind the beguiling facade of liberalism’s world view. ”
Former Congressman Bob Barr:
This book gives courage to Americans who refuse to accept liberal spin on today’s major issues...”
Pat Buchanan, columnist:
‘The Dark Side of Liberalism takes the fight to the enemy — and does so in a way that reminds many Americans that they agree with conservatives more often than not. That’s the way and the strength of Phil Kent. ”
A regular contributor to Middle American News, Phil Kent is former president of the Southeastern Legal Foundation, and former press secretary to LLS. Sen. Strom Thurmond. Kent has appeared on Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, and other national shows as a political analyst and commentator.
Thousands of this 201-page Hardback Book Sold for $24.95 — But It Is Yours Now For Only $10.00!! We pay shipping!
(To get this book free, see back cover of this issue )
HUSH YOUR ORDER TODAYI
YES! Please send me________copies of The Dark Side of
Liberalism by Phil Kent for only $10.00 each.
□	My check or money order for $______is enclosed.
□	Charge my Visa or Mastercard number:
_j
Exp. Date:	/	Signature___________________________
Cardholder’s Telephone #____________________________
Please make checks payable to M.A.N.
Please allow up to 3 weeks for delivery.
Middle American News
Book Department
P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619
Name__________________
Address________________________________________   |
City_____________________________________________ I
State__________________________  Zip_________
The Immigration Problem
%
By Louis March
The secret is out: American is a great place to live. The entire world knows it. Most people from the Third World would come here if they could. Can’t blame ‘em. That is actually a sensible ambition, like wanting to live in a great neighborhood.
America is the best place in the world to come for economic opportunity—even while our best manufacturing jobs are being “outsourced” overseas.
America is also the best place on earth to go on welfare. While some European countries have more liberal welfare programs, America has by far the largest social welfare scheme.
And there is no better place to pursue a criminal career than the good old U.S.A. Our affluence and easy extension of credit make Americans easy prey for both the small-time and more sophisticated criminals.
So many folks want to come here, and come they do—in droves.
Over one million legal immigrants arrive every year.
About a million illegal immigrants settle in the U.S. every year. Time magazine reported that three million illegal immigrants came to America in 2004 alone.
This adds the population equivalent of one New York City to our country every four years. It is an immigration invasion. It is simply not sustainable.
Overpopulation is the number one threat to our environment. We are losing our quality of life to increasing congestion and runaway urban/suburban sprawl.
Immigrants and the children of recently arrived immigrants have accounted for more than eighty percent of U.S. population growth in the past decade.
People are called “xenophobic” and “racist” for merely pointing out a few simple facts not popular with the apostles of political correctness: 1) the vast, overwhelming majority of these immigrants are unskilled; 2) many are illiterate; 3) over ninety percent of immigrants are non-white folk from third world countries; 4) racial and ethnic tension are on the rise.
Even Congress has seen fit to hold hearings on immigrant gangs, which is
probably all they will do about the problem. When I was a child, most Americans had
never heard of immigrant gangs apart from Leonard Bernstein’s musical West Side Story.
We Iosin? our common culture to constantly changing demands for diversity. It is time to face these sad facts, and stop the name-calling. The melting pot is history.
Furthermore, terrorism has come to our shores with the immigration invasion.
!--------------------------------------------------------------------
Harvest of Lies
For the first time, here is the true story of how a truly bizarre bureaucratic boondoggle unfolded, in which accusations of racial discrimination were used to pry upwards of a billion dollars from the federal Treasury.
Harvest of Lies;
I
Till fflyH	k0t$nmt	A0	•
UJ! I>qvtnm| •/ Airncutiec .

It	ft^rirnwiwi	Ctm
MmhtgA. KMl bnlM
Still reeling from impeachment and facing the 2000 election, President Bill Clinton needed to keep his voting constituency happy. When black “farmers" began protesting in front of the White House, accusing his administration of racial discrimination in the farm loan program, Clinton needed to act. The decision was made to pay them off. With the stroke of a pen, thousands of the USDA’s conscientious public servants were deemed guilty of racial discrimination. Get all the details in this powerful expose, Harvest of Lies, by Louis March. Paperback, 154 pages.
$10.00 postpaid from Representative Government Press P.O. Box 18104, Raleigh, North Carolina 27619
Every one of the 9-11 hijackers was legally in our country.
Average working Americans bear the brunt of job displacement, crime, congestion, pollution, terror alerts, and other problems resulting from out-of-control immigration.
Big business privatizes the profit from cheap labor while the taxpayer foots the bill for more schools, bilingual education, health care, police and other needs generated by millions of low-wage workers. Cheap labor is cheap only for those hiring it. The rest of us foot the bill.
All the while government gets bigger and more intrusive in order to meet the need for additional social services and act as referee in the “diversity” game.
For decades American public opinion has overwhelmingly favored limiting immigration. Yet both major political parties do nothing. They even embrace the open borders agenda and encourage even more immigration, more “diversity.” Our president seems more concerned with placating the Mexican president than securing the Mexican border.
The churches, of practically all faiths and denominations, have been among the foremost promoters of “open borders,” continually pressing for the liberalization of immigration laws, so obviously harmful to the well being of Middle Americans.
Out of control immigration is ruining America. The immigration laws need to be enforced. America needs a breather, an immigration moratorium.	*
Undefended borders, “open borders,” facilitate the importation of the cheap labor. Undefended markets, called “open markets” or “free trade,” facilitate the export of good jobs (outsourcing). This is all part and parcel of today’s policy of “globalism,” which is bad news for Middle Americans.
A tiny bright spot in all this is that a good number of our fed-up citizens decided to stand up and be counted—at the border. They came from all fifty states and all walks of life. They called themselves the Minutemen. They are monitoring a section of the Mexican border in Arizona, reporting illegal border crossings to the authorities.
The government has already acted by calling in reinforcements.
The Minutemen are shaming the federal government by calling attention to the dirty little secret that we have lost control of our borders.
We lost that control because our federal government will not enforce current immigration laws and Congress will not do what the majority of Americans want and severely curb the immigration invasion. Doing so might be “insensitive” to someone somewhere.
Well, it is time to forget about political correctness and name-calling. Washington should stop worrying about offending some unhappy intellectuals, and refrain from kow-towing to ethnic, religious and corporate special interests. Represent the Middle American majority for a change. Do something about the immigration invasion.
The Minutemen have been heard. Is there a lesson there for the rest of us?
Breach of Faith
Churches and Immigration
The leaders of America’s churches of nearly all faiths and denominations have been tireless promoters of open borders and mass immigration. Why? Dr. James C. Russell answers that question in this ground-breaking study, Breach of Faith: American Churches and the Immigration Crisis. Russell examines the historical role of American churches in immigration policy, and traces the role of church leaders in promoting left-wing activism in behalf of mass immigration.
$12.00 postpaid, 140 pages, paperback
Representative Government Press P.O. Box 18104 Raleigh, North Carolina 27619
THE DARK SIDE OF
Mm
UNCHAINING THE TRUTH

PRESIDENT, SOUTHEASTERN LEGAL. FOUNDATION
GET THIS BOOH FREE !
Subscribe or Renew Now for Two Years and We’ll Send You Absolutely Free This Hard-Hitting Expose of the Dark Hatreds Motivating the Left’s Attacks on America.
Finally, the ugly truth
about the dark side of liberalism ...
A regular contributor to Middle American News, Phil Kent is former president of the Southeastern Legal Foundation, and former press secretary to U.S. Sen. Strom Thurmond. Kent has appeared on Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, and other national shows as a political analyst and commentator.
The Dark Side of Liberalism by Phil Kent delivers a fresh analysis of the hottest issues in America from race relations, mass immigration, and political correctness to radical feminism, media bias, Hollywood's pollution of our culture, and the war over our federal courts.
Kenneth Starr, former Independent Counsel:
‘The Dark Side of Liberalism powerfully reveals the truth behind the beguiling facade of liberalism’s world view.”
Thousands of this 201-page
Hardback Book Sold for $24.95 --	Former Congressman Bob Barr:
But It Is Yours Free By Subscribing	This book gives courage to Americans who refuse to accept
or Renewing for Two Years!!	liberal	spin	on	today’s	major	issues...”
RUSH YOUR ORDER TODAY!
YES! Send me a risk-free subscription to Middle American News for the term I’ve checked. I’m entitled to a full refund if I cancel within three months.
, .	__ 2 Years for $27.00
LJl Year for $17.00	□
□	My check or money order for $________is	enclosed.
□	Charge my Visa or Mastercard number:

Exp. Date:	/ Signature.
Cardholder’s Telephone It_
Please make checks payable to M.A.N. Please allow up to 6 weeks for delivery of first issue.
MIDDLE AMERICAN
M. A.News Subscription Department P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619
n Check here if this is a renewal.
Name_________________________
Address. City__
State
-Zip.