Illegals vs. America:
Guess Who’s Winning
Page 7

Buchanan on the Suicide of the West
Americans Pulling Out of Public Schools
Page 10
U.S. to Bair Out
Southeast Asia
Page 19
Charley Reese on ‘Hate Crime’ Laws
Page 21
* January, 1998
Middle American News
HOT OFF THE PRESS!!!
The End of Sanity
At the University of Pennsylvania, separate dorms were set up for minorities in the name of racial harmony...
Among women soldiers returning on a troopship from Desert Storm, one in ten was pregnant...
In New Jersey, dentists who are HIV-positive do not have to tell their patients-.
An apprehended mugger successfully sued a New York policeman for using excessive force...
Georgetown University boasts African-American studies but is doing away with Shakespeare for being politically incorrect...
Congress has created an immigration policy that discriminates against educated Europeans in favor of Third World immigrants... Grades are so inflated at Harvard that 85 percent of students graduate with “honors”—
These absurdities are a sampling of the spreading decay in the American culture, a phenomenon best-selling author Martin L. Gross has dissected in The End of Sanity, a carefully researched examination of contemporary social madness. Watching the nation’s tradition of fairness and individuality decline, he describes how it is giving way to a reign of conformity and error, including the insidious “Political Correctness.” The crisis he describes goes beyond an attack on reason—actuary heralding the end of sanity in American life.
Spearheaded by what he calls the “New Establishment” — a coalition of anti-intellectual academics, bureaucrats, politicians, judges, military leaders, social workers — the concepts that made America great are being thrown onto the cultural scrap heap in favor of a new “experimental” society that favors the few and ignores the many.
Gross argues passionately, with fact and reason, that the theories of the New Establishment, which have gained control of virtually every American institution, are a peril to society.
The End of Sanity is the most explosive book yet from the New York Timet bestselling author of The Government Racket. This new work is essential reading for everyone concerned about the direction America is headed.
Hardback edition, 338 pages.
V
Tha End of Sanity:
A social and cultural madness that distorts virtually everything we do or contemplate — is ravaging ue Internally. It has shaped a potent attach on the nation's mind and morale that Is proving even more debilitating than bad government
The attack comes in various forms, but it Is united within s single rubric, the New Establishment, which is defined here for the first time and which has woven itself into the very fiber of the nation, weakening it as never before.
— from the Prologue



MARTIN L. GROSS has written a dozen books, including the New York Times
bestsellers The Government Racket: Washington Waste f™£J°^**** Call for Revolution. Three of his prior nonfiction works The Brain Watche^ The Doctors, and The Psychological Socety, stimulated public debate in the fields of psychological testing, medicine, and psychiatry. He has been a member of the faculty of The New School for Social Research and an Adjunct Associate Professor of Social Science at New York University.
□ V€S
I
I want to be one of the first to order The End of Sanity by Martin L. Gross, at the special postpaid price of only $24.00 per copy.
□ Enclosed Is a check or money order In the amount of $24.00 for each book. Please allow 2 weeks for delivery.
Name	___________________________
Addreaa	________________________
Clty/8tate/Zlp_______________________________
Clip and mail to: Middle American Books
P.O. Box 17068 Raleigh, NC 27619
Sorry, no credit cards accepted.
Pm 2
Middle American News
January. \9\
Fifth Amendment Roll Call of Shame
Attorney General Janet Reno won't appoint an independent counsel to investigate the illegal campaign fundraising by President Bill Clinton and Vice President A1 Gore. She says there is no “specific and credible evidence" that a crime was committed.
But here’s a list of some involved in the scandal who published reports say have refused to testify to congressional investigators without a grant of immunity They invoked the Fifth Amendment because they fear their truthful answers might incriminate them:
Charlie Trie	John Huang	Keshi Zhan
Maria Hsai	Suh Jen Wu	Man Ho
YiChu	Hsui Luan Tseng	Siuw Moi Lian*
Judy Hsu	Yumei Yang	Seow Fong Ooi
Bin Yueh Jeng	Hsiu Chu Lin	Jen Chin Hsueh
Chi Rung Wang	Jie Su Hsiao	Jou Sheng
Man Ya Shih	Hueitsan Huang*	Gin FJ. Chen
Hsin Chen Shih	Nolanda Hill	Yogesh Ghadi
Jane Dewi Tahir	Yu Chu*	Georgette Kronenberg
Zie Pan Huang*
(* Was granted immunity from prosecution in return for testimony.)
John Huang Is one of many in the long list of people who Invoked the Firth Amendment because they teat theVr vruttxtuX answers might \ncrUn\nate them.
Inscrutable Silence
The following foreigners — all friends, associates, supporters or contributors to President Bill Clinton — have refused to grant interviews to investigators about their relationship with the president and his re-election effort:
Ng Lap Seng	Ken Hsui	Eugene Wu
James Lin	John Muney	James Riady
Mochtar Riady	XT. Tsui ffg	Stephen Riady
Roy Tirtdji	Stanley Ho	Suma Ching Hai
Runaways: Donors on the Lam
The following campaign donors once in the U.S. have fled the country rather than answer any questions about their contributions to — or other support on behalf of — President Bill Clinton:
Charlie Trie
Pauline Kanchanalak	Ming Chen
Agus Setiawan	Diwi Tirto
Subandi Tanuwidjaja	Arief	and	Soraya	Wiriadinata
John H.K Lee
Gun Foe Makes Racial Appeal
U.S. Rep. Charles Schumer, D-NY, the nation's leading opponent of the Bill of Rights, is using racial stereotypes in fund-raising letters written to appeal to Jewish contributors. The direct mail effort is part of Schumer's fundraising campaign in his upcoming electoral challenge to Sen. Alfonse D'Amato, R-NY.
Schumer, the nation's most powerful anti-2nd Amendment lawmaker, successfully convinced Congress in 1993 to strip Americans of the right to own any of 300 different models of semiautomatic firearms.
Now, as he prepares for his Senate race, he is using his reputation as an opponent of rural whites and gunowners to scare a mostly Jewish constituency into sending him money.
One of his direct mail fund-raising
letters contains the following warning:
“And right now, just as sure as you're reading this letter, somewhere in the South, where gun controls are lax, a gun runner is loading guns into the trunk of I his car getting ready to speed north to a , neighborhood near yours."
Schumer suggested to Roll Call newspaper that there is nothing wrong with using the stereotype of rural white gunowners to scare people into giving money. ‘There is no question that I'm a lightning rod for some of these interests groups. You go into Montana and they know the name Schumer," he bragged.
Apparently, the appeals to anti-WASP bigotry are working. As of June 1997, Schumer had amassed $6.5 million in his campaign war chest, more than any other Senate challenger in the country.
Rep. Charles Schumer, D-NY, is using racial stereotypes in fundraising letters mailed to Jewish contributors.
Printed on recycled papci
Non-toxic ink used in pi luting.
Middle American News
Published monthly by Wo the People Institute, Inc. P O. Box 17088 Raleigh, North Carolina 27019
January. 1998
Middle American News
GOP’s Powell Backs Clinton Nominee
The GOP's favorite push-button warrior, retired General Colin Powell, inexplicably weighed-in on the stalled nomination of left-wing racial activist Bill Lann Lee to head the civil rights division of the Justice Department.
In December, the Clinton administration skirted the Constitution's requirement of a Senate confirmation for Lee by appointing him "acting" assistant attorney general for civil rights. Gen. Powell had jumped into the fray after the Judiciary Committee rejected the former NAACP counsel.
“I think Lee has the qualifications for the job." Powell told news organizations, even though he represents no group or organization and holds no public office. "We are living with a legacy of discrimination and segregation. We are living with the legacy of a very preferential system.**
Powell, a beneficiary of the Army’s racial preference system for blacks, also opposed the California Civil Right Initiative (CCRI) in 1996. Approved overwhelmingly by the voters, the measure forbids racial discrimination in decisions involving the state’s hiring, contracting, and college admissions.
Since the Senate’s rejection of Lee, the Clinton administration had been looking for ways around the Constitution. By putting him in charge of the civil rights division as an "interim appointment" that would not require Senate confirmation, Clinton can get around the Constitution’s "advise and consent" provision.
Lee's long record of using underhanded tactics to promote affirmative action programs forced Senate Judiciary Chairman Orrin Hatch, R-UT, to oppose the nomination last year, charging that Lee "is not committed to enforcing the law.**
For example, when it became clear that the California Civil Right Initiative was going to be upheld in the courts, Lee tried to get around the new law with a bizarre legal maneuver. As counsel for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational fund, Lee filed a complaint against the University of California based on the argument that the admission of fewer blacks would mean fewer black students would be available for hire in "work study” jobs. This, charged Lee, was de facto employment discrimination by the school.
After the November congressional recess. Sen. Hatch tried in vain to counter the administration's plan to give Lee the sensitive Justice Department job.
In a number of television appearances, Hatch criticized the president for trying'to get around the Senate’s rejection.
"No president in the history of this country has ignored the wishes of the Senate in this manner," Hatch said in an appearance on NBC's "Meet the Press." Hatch said an interim appointment for Lee would damage Clinton's "relationship" with the Republican-led Senate. This is the first time in Clinton’s reign that Sen. Hatch has tried to stop one of the president’s high-pro-
spending on regulatory programs by 9.2 percent from 1997 to 1998. At the same time, the number of federal employees engaged in regulatory activities will increase to 126,147, up from 125,930 last year.
The Center for the Study of American Business reports that overall spending for regulatory functions will rise to $17.2 billion in 1998.
In its report. Regulatory Changes and Trends: An Analysis of the 1998 Budget of the U.S. Government, the center said budgets for federal regulatory agencies swelled by 683 percent between I960 and 1996 (in 1992 dollars, adjusted for inflation).
The center estimates that for every dollar of the $17.2 billion to be spent by (he feds on economic regulations, U.S. businesses will have to shell out about $20 to comply with those regulations. That, says the center, amounts to an unseen tax burden of about $340 billion.
The study looked at what it called both economic regulations — aimed at specific industries — and "social regulations," which it defined as "designed to achieve goals such as cleaner uir, equal employment opportunity, safer work en-
vironments, and consumer safety." Economic regulatory agencies include the FCC and FTC, for example. Social regulatory agencies would include agencies such as the EPA, and National Labor Relations Board.
The GOP Congress gave many federal regulatory agencies hefty staff increases as well as beefed-up budgets. Congress bumped EPA’s budget to $5.2 billion, and approved an increase for staff from 17,693 to 18,027. The Fish and Wildlife Service will get a 6.S percent staff increase, from 2,155 to 2,294.
The Agriculture Marketing Service, a favorite of big business, got a budget hike to $202 million, up from its 1997 total of $180 million. AMS provides taxpayer-subsidized promotion and marketing for corporate food products.
Other agencies that received budget hikes from the Republicans include the Employment Standards Administration, which got a $17 million increase; the Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration, which got $8 million more, the Council on Environmental Quality, which got a 50 percent hike; and OSHA, which got a whopping $23 mil* lion more for 1998.
Taxes Take Record Share ofU-S^conomy
A government report suggests that and local government has reached a the 1997 bi-partisan deal for a balanced record 30.9 percent of GDP. Federal tax federal budget may not achieve its goals receipts, he says, are now an estimated so much by cutting federal spending as 19.8 percent of GDP, while state and lo-by increasing taxes.	cal taxes account for 11.1 percent. The
The report shows that the percentage previous peaks occurred in 1981 (30.2 of the Grots Domestic Product (GDP) percent) and 1944 (25.4 percent), spent by the federal government on its "Budget balancing as been achieved programs has indeed fallen slightly, but through higher tax revenues, not by con-overall tax receipts are the highest in U.S. trolling domestic spending — and the history.	entitlement monster still hovers in the
Estimates from the Congressional wings," said Brimelow.
Budget Office show that federal spend- Some GOP boosters are hopeful that mg peaked at 22.6 percent of GDP in 1991. the tax cuts voted in 1997 will have a ben-falling to an estimated 20.3 percent for eficial effect this year when people file IWf, Ifcs decline is mostly the result of their taxes. Conservative columnist shrinking federal expenditures on de- Donald Lambro, for example, argues that fense during the Clinton reign. Federal the budget deal was a good bet.
•pending on defense was 5.5 percent of “The 1997 balanced budget bill was OOP in 1991, compared to a current rate not all it could have been, and it remains * Jusl ^ percent	to be seen whether it will measure up to
Writer Peter Brimelow reports in its name in the next five years. But it con-Forbes that while the federal share taken tamed some worthwhile tax cuts, includ-from the economy has decreased, the ing a phased-in $500 per child family tax share taken by state and local govern- credit, a major capital gains tax cut. exmenu has increased from 8.9 percent in panded Individual Retirement Accounts.
1990 to 9 8 percent for 1997.	and needed tax relief for parents sending
Brimelow reports that the tax bite has their children to college," Lambro said, gone up sharply over the same period. Meanwhile, however, the OOP-con-Combined tax receipts for federal, slate, trolled Congress hat increased federal
file appointments. Hatch has enthusiastically endorsed other left-wing nominees, including Ruth Bader Ginsburg and other federal judges, as well as Janet Reno.
Gen. Powell, who many GOP activists see as a potential presidential candidate, is supporting Lee at the risk of alienating rank-and-file Republicans around the country.
Powell supporters say this is one more example of the General’s alleged independence, integrity and political courage.
But critics point out that it takes no courage at all for a black to accuse Republicans of insensitivity on race.
Joe Tully, one disaffected former The GOP’s Colin Powell backs Republican activist from Virginia, said President Clinton’s controversial if Powell ran for president on the GOP civil rights nominee, ticket, the establishment would hail him as the “candidate of the century.”
"The Republican leadership would be falling all over themselves to cater to him,” Tully said. "Colin Powell could be our first affirmative action president, a guy who rode the race card all the way to the White House."
Powell, who was an uninspired military student, had an unremarkable, though satisfactory. Army career until he was appointed head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Besides supporting affirmative action, Powell also supports federal programs that dole out licenses and grants based on skin color. Powell made thousands by investing in a blacks-only Ruth Bader Ginsburg was ap-FCC licensing scheme, even though he pojnted to the Supreme Court with was already a millionaire at the time. he|p from Sen. 0rrin Hatch, R-UT.
Page 4
Middle American New
January, I9S
Charges of Racism Help Win Big Lawsuits
Civil rights advocates arc taking advantage of court venues that produce all-black juries to file "racism" suits against businesses in order to win giant awards.
One of the latest tactics is to inject charges of racism into lawsuits over alleged pollution problems in minority neighborhoods.
America's new elites have long held that industrial waste sites were deliberately established in minority communities* by allegedly "racist" white American businessmen. With the prospect of winning big damage awards from black juries, law firms are now using charges of "environmental racism" to enhance their suits against accused polluters.
Milo Geyelin of the Wall Street Journal reports that a growing number of companies are facing such lawsuits.
"It s very much a growth area," Allan Kanner a plaintiffs* lawyer, told Geyelin.
In New Orleans, an all-black jury awarded $3.4 billion to 8,000 black residents who had to be evacuated after a train car filled with a toxic chemical accidentally caught fire, releasing black smoke in their neighborhoods. Geyelin reports that $2.5 billion of the award consisted of purely punitive damages against CSX Transportation, which was accused of “racism" by the plaintiffs' attorneys, even though they presented no evidence of racist views the company.'
CSX is appealing the verdict, and angrily insists that racism played no role in the accident. CSX spokesman Marty Fiorcntino told Geyelin that "the tactics they used to convince the jury to make its decision...were based on ethnic and class-based appeals.**
Chevron Corp., is fighting another "environmental racism" claim in Houston where residents of a black neighborhood argue that they either have or fa^ a risk of developing cancer, tumors, and skin rashes because their homes were built on top of oil pits that were abandoned 30 years ago by Gulf Oil. Chevron merged with Gulf Oil in 1984.
Jesse Jackson and "Kweisi Mfume" of the NAACP have rushed to town to stir up hate campaigns against Chevron, which faced a black federal judge in the case. The judge has since been removed from the case after he rejected the company defense evidence because he said “white people wrote it.”
Plaintiffs attorney Hunter Lundy in Westlake, Louisiana, who recently signed a $15 million settlement with Conoco Inc. over a pollution suit, told Geyelin that racism is going to be an issue whenever blacks are involved.
"Anytime you have a scenario that affects a low-cconomic or predominately minority community, you have the overtones of an environmental justice claim,” he said.
Phyllis Schlafly joins Middle American News. See her column in the Viewpoint section.
Read Phyllis Schlafly on page 25.

(Advertisement)
mLNEfnfSBRKFS
MMBUCMN
“Ambassador” Convicted
A self-appointed activist for the "poor and homeless" in Louisiana was convicted of 36 counts of fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, tax evasion, and making false statements. "Ambassador" Lil Barrow-Veal, the head of a Baton Rouge non-profit agency set up to lease and sell public housing to the poor, faces up to 300 years in prison for her crimes. Prosecutors said she leased houses from the government at the bargain rate of $1 a year, then rented or sold them to friends and relatives. In 1987 Barrow-Veal legally changed her first name to "Ambassador” after Gov. Edwin Edwards took her on a trip to China and proclaimed her Louisiana's ambassador to the Communists. The local news media had worshipped her as a "humanitarian."
Early Release Claims First Victim
An elderly winter resident of Avon Park, Florida, is the first victim killed as a result of a decision by the Supreme Court to let criminals out of jail early. A 21-year-old convicted burglar released under the court's orders is being held as the chief suspect in the slaying of Virginia Brace, 78, who weeks earlier had made her annual trip to the “sunshine state" from New York. The suspect is just one of 750 thugs and killers set free by the judges who told corrections officials they could not force convicts to serve their entire sentences. Jailed scumbags earn as much as 20 days off their sentence for every month of "good behavior” while in the slammer. When legislators tried to remedy the dangerous system, the judges wouldn't let them. So far, none of the judges have been tarred and feathered or otherwise driven from power.

Allegiance to Which Country?
Cindy Martinez, 19, is one of the first illegal aliens from Nicaragua to get amnesty under a deal worked but between tfie GOP Congress and President Clinton. She came to the U.S. illegally in 1990 to join her illegal mother in Miami. Caught by the INS, she became a trendy cause for Nicaraguan-born left-wing
gadfly Bianca Jagger, ex-wife of aging rock star Mick Jagger. As Martinez emerged from INS detention near Miami after Clinton signed the amnesty giving her and some 500,000 other illegals eligibility for permanent residence in the U.S., a crowd of supporters shouted approval for the country they love most: "Viva Nicaragua!” yelled the crowd of alien demonstrators, happy to get green cards to live in the U.S. Nicaragua's government had lobbied heavily in Washington against sending the immigrants back home. Too many mouths to feed.
Lemon Drops Discovered In School
The crackpots who run the public schools in Colorado Springs, Colorado, suspended a 6 year-old boy for possession of lemon drops bought in a health food store. A teacher who "caught" the boy sharing the candies with friends in the playground called the fire department and an ambulance, and urged the parents to take their children to the hospital for tests. Many administrators and teachers who grew up in the 1960’s believe the drug-culture's propaganda that virtually all substances — from cruck cocaine and heroin to aspirin and cough drops — are all morally-equivalent "drugs.” The boy's mother, Shana Morris, called the school's reaction "complete hysteria." and added, "1 can't believe these people arc educating our kids.”
i
Slur9 Slur, Everything's a Slur
Eduardo C'osio, president of the Cuban American Bar Association, charged that Miami-Dade County Circuit Court Judge Eleanor Schockett made "blatant anti*Hispanic remarks," and has demanded her resignation. “We have /cio tolerance on anyone |sic| commenting from the bench referring to Latins., we are calling them racial remarks/' said the sensitive Como. The alleged racist remarks? She reportedly referred to a Hispanic and non Hispanic marriage as “mixed.” said the hoard of the Cuban lawyers group.
January. 1998
AttooLt AMtmoAN News
Media Drops Ball in Burial Plot Scandal
The Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia, is the burial ground for U.S. military veterans. Most were killed in battle.
By Elizabeth Howard
h was a stay to stir and anger American patriots: The Clinton administration had been giving scarce burial plots at Arlington National Cemetery to big-money party donors while veterans who risked their life for their country were being turned away.
After the story was broken by Army Times and Insight magazine, the corporate media was forced to cover the accusations. The primary charge involved one Larry Lawrence, who had donated $10 million to the Democratic party, including $200,000 to Che Clinton campaign, and died in 1996 while serving as Clinton's ambassador to Switzerland.
The administration responded by smearing the accusers. White House flack Mike McCurry dqjmned the press for daring to report the "lies, distortions and baseless allegations,9* which he accused “talk radio" of making up. The administration refused to disclose relevant information about the burial scandal, citing “privacy" reasons.
even though federal privacy laws specifically do not apply to the dead.
When the stonewall defense failed to stem the outcry. Army Secretary Togo West, who had approved nine burials over the objections of the cemetery's manager, held a press conference and outlined each of nine cases by name. Most were apparently routine and the media respectfully declined to inquire whether West, who is black, took an inordinate interest in three of the cases which specifically involved blacks.
West angrily denied that Lawrence's generosity to Clinton and the Democrat? was a factor in allowing his burial at Arlington, and claimed that he was not aware of any donations. West claimed that Lawrence served in the Merchant Marine in World War II, and was injured when he was pitched overboard after the ship was torpedoed by a German submarine. Even though the Merchant Marine is not part of the U.S. Armed Forces, this incident and his po-
sition as ambassador at the time of death merited Lawrence a place in Arlington, West said.
The corporate media took what West gave them without question, and quickly agreed with the Clinton administration that the story should never even have been reported. Togo West was even nominated to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Not so fast media watchdogs!
Just days after the press surrendered, apologized and crawled off to lick its wounds. Rep. Terry Everett, R-AL, chairman of the House committee investigating the burial waivers, had additional information: Lawrence had apparently lied about his World War II service.
There are no records of Lawrence ever being in the Merchant Marine. His name was not on the manifest of men assigned to the ship he claimed to have served on, and no one was reported thrown into the water during that attack. A former staffer for Lawrence said that Lawrence
had her research Merchant Marine ships torpedoed in WWII, and only started including this “service" in his biography after receiving her report.
Further, the State Department admitted that its background check for the ambassadorial nomination found no verification that Lawrence had ever served in the Merchant Marine. Since the matter was not at issue, the dis-
crepancy was ignored. Some press reports indicate that Lawrence’s State Department file has mysteriously disappeared.
With the new revelations, the establishment media was exposed for a brief moment as the guardians of the Clinton image. Rather than verify the claim of Merchant Marine service, the press eagerly and without question accepted the White House “spin."

What the Corporate Media Said
About Arlington Cemetery Scandal
LRepublicans succeeded in spreading this despicable lie..."
Margaret Carlson, Time Magazine, Nov. 22,1997
“There*s been considerable publicity lately about accusations that President Clinton, quote, perhaps provided burial space at Arlington National Cemetery to major campaign donors. Spokesmen for President Clinton flatly and unequivocally denied this today to CBS News and they called it *a deliberate political smear, unquote ”
Dan Rather, CBS News, Nov. 21,1997
The I wo *lima Memorial stands near Arlington Cemetery whore soldiers who risked their lives In combat are interred. One of Clinton's largest campaign contributors who never served was buried there after administration officials gave the okay.
(A dvr rtisement)__________________________
“The Council of Conservative Citizens...the nation's leading defender of the Confederate Flag" — New York Daily News
The Council of Conservative Citizens is best known for its work on Southern heritage, however, this isn't the only issue on which the CofCC is active and effective. Join with other citizens and do something about
*	affirmative action/quotas
*	the immigration invasion
*	political correctness
*	the leftist war against our heritage and civil liberties
through an organization that has real members (in every state), real chapters (now in 22 states), real projects and real successes. Write for free information: CofCC, Dept. A, P.O. Box 9683, St. Louis, MO 63122. Annual dues are only $25. (Members
receive the Citizens Informer newspaper and the Council Reporter newsletter.)
“The CofCC..,the country's most effective conservative activist group." — Samuel Francis, nationally syndicated columnist
Join with us
and make a difference!
o unci I ttnserviiiu'C
itizens
The no longer silent conservative majority
Visit us at our website at kttp://www.cofcc.org
Illegal Aliens Winning the War Against U.S. Workera
Illegals are flooding America s labor market, but the big companies that hire them are rarely prosecuted.
Illegals aren't just winning their long-running battle with the Border Patrol and the INS. They're also winning their war against American workers.
Eleven years after passage of what was described by the corporate press as a -tough*' and “harsh" immigration law os- | tensibly designed to stop illegal immigration. illegal aliens are still flooding into the U.S. labor market, and employers who hire them are rarely prosecuted.
Marc Stem of the Copely News Service reports that illegals have “penetrated low-skilled labor markets across the country* Yet, he says, few of the employers hit in raids by the Immigration and Naturalization Service have been heavily penalised. Sjf
“Fines are supposed to range from $250 to $2,000 per worker — and even jail for multiple offenders. But fines are seldom levied," Stem reported.
Immigration officials told Stem it was nearly impossible to prove an employer has knowingly hired an illegal alien. That's because workers have such an easy time getting phony documents.
“You can buy a packet with a Social Security card and (green card) right now ou the street for about $50 or $75. one sufficient for an employer to use as verifica-M,” sard Richard Ropers, head of INS in uS Angeles.
tV mmvcniMM reform ucX passed by
Congress in !986 docw\‘i require employers to check the validity of work papers.
They only have to sign a statement saying they have no reason to believe the documents arc fakes. As a result, illegals are ihowing up at job sites everywhere in the US,
Stem reported that illegals helped fix the tarmac where President Clinton's helicopter is parked. They tended the lawns ,■ around Vice President A1 Gore’s official fcsidcnce And they worked on sparu venues for the Olympics in Atlanta and helped build the Redskins’ new stadium near Wariuagkm. D.C.
When private garbage haulers went on flnfcc this year in Omaha. Nebraska, more than half die strike-breakers hired by the company turned out to be illegals. In six southern states. INS officials raided 300 manufacturing plants and discovered more dan 4j000 illegal workers A sweep of six carpel mills in Dalton. Georgia, caught 102 rffrgd aliens. At $6 vehicle stops along interstate traffic in Colorado, immigration authorities nabbed nearly 1300 illegals.
~A tot of aliens we catch arc on their way to the cast coast," said Craig Wembrenner. a Border Patrol agent stationed in Uule Rock. Arkansas.
Stern smd that illegals arc even working on trawling boats that calch cod off die coau of Alaska, and shuck oysters on the kastera Shore of (he Chcasapcake Bay.
dso at found picking	at	Vir-
S**ia, and cultivate mushrooms in Penn-
sylvan**.
Labor contractors sub the main sen
son illegals can be found anywhere in the country.
“The fact that farm labor contractors have moved out of fanning and into related industries in rural areas is a factor making it easier for people in Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America to access jobs here," said David Griffith, an anthropologist at East Carolina University who has studied illegal migrations.
'They see themselves as caking advantage of a niche," he told Stem.
Philip Moran Is one labor contractor *cnt to prison by federal authorities, despite a lax enforcement record. Court documents Indicate that Moran had operated an | immigrant smuggling racket.
Stem said Moran advertised a toll-free telephone number on Spanish-language radio stations along the U.S. southwest border, so Mexicans and others hoping to work in the US. could reach him in Arkansas.
'Then he mailed them phony green cards and other documents and arranged transportation to get them to jobs in one of 12 stales, including dairy farms in Mississippi, according to government documents,** Stem wrote. “Moran charged the employers a $200 to $300 finders fee for each recruit, and the workers paid $250 to $350 for each set of phony documents, the government documents state."
Once illegals become established in the U*S., they set up their own job-stealing networks.
Across the UJ5., aliens have set up their own residential and cultural colonies —-mainly hi urban areas, but branching into the rural heartland, loo — providing a vast network of contacts with employers, smugglers, and families in their native homelands
As a result, illegal immigration and the failure to slop it, have become embedded in the nation's economy, an integral component of the profits made by big business and corporate elites throughout the country.
“You have some., who basically don’t wantc to V slow	down	illegal
immigration...ihey don't want to sec anything that stems	the	tide of
Hispanic*., coming into the country,“ admitted former Sen. Paul Simon, D-lll.
After 3 Years, Prop- 187 Stitt Stalled
Is American democracy a lie? Arc the people sovereign?
Those are questions a lot of middle Americans in California are asking themselves lately.
Three years after the state’s voters overwhelmingly approved Proposition 187 to refuse welfare to aliens who sneak into the country illegally, political elites have thus far refused to implement the measure’s requirements.
Whatever power Proposition 187 has demonstrated so far has been accomplished by symbolism alone. Since the vote in 1994, the ballot measure has not moved from the Los Angeles federal court where it landed days after the election. So far, not one benefit program has been changed.
Academic observers are not surprised. They say it is a "highly charged and complex case," as if that were justification for thwarting a simply and directly expressed popular will. It also has been affected by President Clinton's | signing last year of new and overlapping legislation.
But the measure’s sponsors have grown frustrated and angry. Now, they say, its legal course is creating a new legacy for the landmark ballot measure.
It already looms over the 1998 elections — spotlighting the issue of court reform as well as dogging the gubernatorial bid of Republican Atty. Gen. Dan Lungren, whose office is getting blamed for the delay by some of the measure’s original authors.
Despite the attack on the measure from the federal judiciary, the GOP Congress has thus far been unpersuaded to consider meaningful reforms in America's legal system.
Recently, a frustrated Gov. Pete Wilson (R) announced that he will seek a rare legal rebuke of Los Angeles U.S. District Judge Mariana R. Pfaelzer who is held responsible for failing to implement 187. But so far. nothing has come of Wilson’s rhetoric.
Conservative Sen. Richard Mountjoy (R-Arcadta), a co-author of Proposition 187, has also denounced the delay, hoping it will spur judicial reform.
“If this judge continues to sit on it, then the effect will be to change the judiciary in this country — and that will be good,** Mountjoy said. “One of the key issues for people running in the *9S election is going to be activism in the court What are you going to do ... about a court that has taken away our MbcnlcaT*
Despite complaints, some say they expect significant developments in the litigation might he announced soon.
Of the seven legal challenges to Proposition 187 pending.' two are in a San Francisco Superior Court, and a decision in one of those is expected any day.
Superior Court Judge Stuart R. Poliak held a hearing last September on one section of Proposition 187 that would bar illegal immigrants from state colleges and universities. He is required to issue a decision within the next month.
In Washington, U.S. Atty. Gen. Janet Reno is expected to issue procedures soon that states can use to determine a person’s citizenship status. That could resolve a major dilemma that some say has stalled the federal litigation on Proposition 187 for nearly a year.
In 1995, Pfaelzer suggested that some parts of the ballot measure might be constitutional if the state method for identifying illegal immigrants was done lawfully. After months of studying possible new regulations, state officials decided to drop the attempt and pursue a different legal strategy to frustrate the voters.
Meanwhile, attorneys from both sides in the federal litigation believe a decision from Pfaelzer is near. Pfaelzer, who has presided over a consolidated case of five separate challenges since the measure's passage in 1994, told attorneys in May last year that she had written a draft of her opinion.
“I have to look at it and refine it a little bit,” Pfaelzer said May 19, the last time she spoke with the attorneys. "I am very anxious to bring all of this to a conclusion.”
Pfaelzer, now 71, was appointed to the federal bench by then-President Jimmy Carter in 1978 after a long history of left-wing activism. She has declined to comment on the case.
When Pfaelzer was assigned to the Proposition 187 case, she arrived with a reputation for her extremist views. Now Pfaelzer is facing some of the greatest pressure in what many regard as a mixed and mediocre career. Critics accuse her of intentionally stalling a decision to prevent the measure's implementation.
They underscored their complaint about excessive delays by citing the much speedier route of Proposition 209, the anti-affirmative action ballot measure. Just one year alter it was passed by voters in November, the legal challenge was dismissed by the U S. Supreme Court.
“Judge Pfaelzer, . . is all by herself — making a case that Congress needs to examine the abuse of discretion by a federal judge I who) simply fails to act” Gov Wilson said. “An interesting way of killing a vote of the people”
Page 7
Mioou American Niws
Umm\. 1181
NEIJSBRIEFS
GMfAiif Ik# Guardians
The BM|g| of crime prevention programs at Arizona State University was wrested at her office and charged with burglary and thefV Radawna Michelle, 31, was released on her own re-cognizance aftei |vlice gild she stole compact discs and money front a campus office.
Racists Say the Darndest Things
After O J	fig	attended	a	Nation	of	Islam	rally. Louis Farrakhan de-
nounced the American court system for the civil liability judgment against the former football star in the deaths of Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman. He threatened while Americans with confiscation of property to pay for slavery. "I do not understand how a man can be innocent of murder, yet respon-stble," said Farrakhan, who then compared the civil verdict against Simpson to white reparations for slavery. "You [white America] arc not guilty, but you are responsible. If O.J. can’t hold onto his trophy because you found him responsible, be careful — you might not be able to hold onto your home."

1
Lobbyist Convicted
Lobbyist Richard Douglas, senior vice president of Sun Diamond Growers of California, was convicted of giving ille-gratuities to President Clinton’s Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, and illegal campaign contributions to Espy's | brother, Henry, a failed congressional candidate. Douglas’s employer has been fined Sl.S million. The gifts used to try to influence Espy included $2,427 worth of luggage, a $4,590 trip for Espy and his girlfriend to the U.S. Open tennis tournament, and $655 in meals. Douglas still faces trial on wire fraud charges stemming from a mortgage loan application.
Cashing In
The woman who launched g fund-raising drive to help a 9 year-old girl who w*i bvuvaUy attaulied in a Chicago public housing project paid herself $20£QD in I administrative costs** and gave the girl** family just $1,000, acJ I Associated Press. Fund-raiser Beverly Reed, described in news reports as a “community activist," said she was worried that giving the family too much of the estimated $300,000 raised thus far would affect their welfare status. The 9 year-old girl was beaten, sexually assaulted, forced to drink insect poison, and left for dead in a stairwell. Police charged a freed convict with the crime. Chicago newspapers said Reed has her own criminal past, including forgery and possession of a controlled substance.
New Loses Again
Spc Michael New, who refused to be conscripted into a United Nations armed force, lost his bid for a civilian review of jpg case, A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia said New must first cnmplcif the appeal of his court martial conviction in the military system before seeking a civilian review. New's
aed in vain that the military courts are not competent to rule on onaltty of forcing American soldiers to serve in foreign armies, ry court* gave New a bed conduct discharge for upholding his M O% Constitution New had refused to wear a U.N. uniform for u lasnenkeepiM vtiimkhi


More Harder Failure
WJ government has failed to reduce the flow of illegal drugs into il U $ . Mfi a memo uncovered in llie Clinton administration's drug conn* office MOur current interdiction efforts almost completely fail to achiet our purpose id reducing the flow of cocaine. heroin. and methamphetamim gornas On border adn Med Prancis X Kinney, director of strategic plat mag Um the 0(m of National {hug Control Polity The memo *a»o! tamed by the Artumu fUpetdu newipspef Kinney 's memo
iipf gp V J. will continue m be over________________________________
pgg H ding inffk gi the Me a*
UJ border fre long it American refuse In poet lumps ip atop tughdrugs and illegal alums, Kinney I* right

Page I
Left-wingers Pay Hush Money to Race Bias Victim
Rather than face a constitutional challenge in court, leuding left-wingers raised hundreds of thousands of dollars in hush money to pay off a female teacher who was fired from her job because she is white. Civil rights groups feared a broad Supreme Court decision that would ban racial preferences for blacks and other minorities, so they offered to pay the PisCataway, New Jersey, school board $308,500 so it could settle the discrimination lawsuit filed by Sharon Taxman.
Taxman was fired when the school board decided it needed to layoff one teacher at a high school. The choice was between Taxman, who is white, and Debra Williams, who is black. Both had equal seniority and equal qualifications. Williams had a master's degree, but Taxman had more teaching experience. The school decided to fire Taxman and keep Williams in the interests of "diversity," even though the school faculty was more heavily black than the student body.
Taxman sued, demanding her job and back pay. She won in court battle after court battle after many years of expensive struggle, but she did not get all of the money she was due. At the same time, the school board continued to pursue appeals.
When the case was accepted for review by the U.S. Supreme Court, the Clinton administration tried to get the court to turn down the case at the urging of ethnic groups who benefit from antiwhite discrimination.
The case rapidly emerged in middle America as an important ] symbol of the plight of| whites across the country who are victimized every day by the nation's increasingly harsh attempt to overturn the customs and habits of the American people.
Tax man's supporters maintain hor firing was a direct violation of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 which prohibits discrimination “on the basis of race " In spite of that prohibition, the Supreme Court in 1979 ruled that racial bias in employment could be .used to remedy alleged “past discrimination .M
But in the Tux man case, tto such'puyt diju critniiiaiiAMi was s|iown to have existed In I act,
'Human was IIred hot as a remedy for wrongs, but "diversity.
which the U S, Coiwiitu-tion and other federal
law is silent.
Today's left-wingers, however, have raised the banner of diversity as a justifi cation for discrimination against whitesl Since there is virtually no discrimination! against blacks and other minorities whichl can legally be used to justify anti-whitcl bias as a remedy, diversity has become! the new rallying cry. In 1994 the Clinton! administration, for example, entered the! case on behalf of the school board, argu-1 ing that diversity is a legitimate reason I to fire white people. But diversity and I multiculturalism arc not yet codified in I law or the Constitution. Thus, defending I anti-white practices in court under the I color of diversity requirements is very I risky.
NAACP President "Kweisi Mfumc" told the Washington Times that the school j board should have invented a different reason for anti-white employment practices, so that its justification would have stood a better chance in court. He told Times reporter Bill Sammon that the board's handling of liixman's firing was "sloppy." {
"They said they fired her based on what they called diversitysaid Mfumc.
"They really should have said that they did it based on educational achievement — or lack thereof." Mfumc was referring to Taxman not having a master's degree.
The money to pay off Human was raised by Rev. Jesse Jackson and other black leaders who solicited the cash from various large corporations whose names the black leaders thus far have refused to divulge.
ps«t to achieve a goal on
Rev. Jnn Jackson and other blsck loader* solicited "hush money" from lerge corporettons whose nemee they will not divulge.
** f /V *i UVltM
Middle American News
January, I
School Bends Law for Affirmative Action
To circumvent a recent court decision barring racial preference in college admissions. the University of Texas Law School has developed a new minority admissions scheme to prevent “too many whites" from getting law degrees.
School officials say they will utilize an “evaluation process” that does not focus exclusively on academic ability, and gives weight to students based on their “life experiences ”
A school news release says that to identify “academically qualified candidates from underserved regions from the state and socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds” applicants will be required to write an essay about personal challenges or disadvantages faced in their lifetime.
This, law school officials hope, is a way to admit minority students without resorting to race-based affirmative action.
School officials say they will utilize an evaluation process that gives weight to an applicant’s “life experiences.”
The new guidelines wilt apply to applicants next fall.
Critics note, however, that the intent of the new criteria is simply to sneak around the law and continue affirmative action under a different name. Obviously, the new process is aimed at minorities. Moreover, say critics, there is no formula for weighing the various factors that will determine the rejection or acceptance of minority applicants.
Among the factors are grade point, law board exams, “indicators" of academic promise, demonstrated commitment to public service, and distinct life experiences that are under-represented in the student body.
The evaluation process will involve faculty, admissions staff and in some situ-
ations personal interviews of the candidates.
“We want to identify a substantial number of applicants whose files present a particularly strong case on non-tradi-tional criteria and offer those applicants an interview as part of our selection process,” said law school dean Michael Sharlot.
What is driving the law school's new admissions process is the court case known as the Hopwood decision. In March 1996, responding to a suit by a qualified white student who was denied admission in favor of less qualified minorities, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals barred race as a factor in enrollment.
After Hopwood, the school's use of objective academic criteria for admissions had an immediate and dramatic impact on minority representation. This fall the UT law school accepted just four blacks and 26 Hispanic students in its incoming class of 468. The previous fall the school had enrolled 31 blacks and 42 Hispanics.
Not everyone is happy with UT’s new minority admissions plan.
Among the most outspoken critics is Marc Levin, president of Students for Equal Opportunity, a group that wants the school to follow the law.
“I'm strongly opposed and outraged by the new guidelines,** said Levin, a University of Texas senior who intends to apply to the law school. “They include numerous criteria which have no relation to academic success at the law school.**
Levin said he doesn’t oppose programs to increase the number of qualified minority applicants. But he called the law school's new plan “an obvious
attempt....to get minorities who aren't
qualified through the back door.*'
Law school officials continue to defend their minorities admissions policy, pledging to apply it fairly.
“We're looking among academically qualified people, looking in addition at some other qualities, at some other factors," said Associate Dean Cynthia Estlund. “Academic promise is important; it's not the only factor,*' she admitted.
Hidden News
News reports about “affirmative action” frequently ignore relevant information that make U.S. elites uncomfortable, like the following:
In New York State, white law school graduates pass the bar exam at the rate of 81.6 percent, while only 37.4 percent of blacks do. A study appearing in the New York University Law Review shows that "African-American preference beneficiaries failed the bar at a rate almost three times that of non-beneficiaries of the same race, 27.1 percent versus 9.8 percent.”
umStlNEtfifSBRiEFS
Hispanic Skinheads?
Recent news media hysteria over an alleged outbreak of “racist” violence in Denver, Colorado, failed to report a lot of the details about many of the so-called racist crimes. In one incident, Shomie Francis, 26, told police she was attacked at a convenience store by six antiblack “skinheads.” But Denver Police Sgt. Michael O'Neill said that of the six men arrested, two had long hair and one was Hispanic. Meanwhile, about 1,000 leftists held a rally in the city to denounce “white racism.”
Look What Common Sense Gets You
A Texas child welfare worker who declined to place a foster child with cohabiting lesbians was demoted from supervisor to caseworker as punishment. The demoted worker, Rebecca Bledsoe, filed a grievance with
the state agency, citing a Texas law that makes homosexual activity a Class C misdemeanor punishable by a fine. Linda Edwards, a spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Protective and Regulatory Services, said the agency has no policy against placing infants with single homosexuals or lesbians. State officials said it doesn’t matter if homosexual activity is illegal. “We’re not the police, and we don't enforce the penal code,” one official told Associated Press.
More Really Slow Justice It took the cowards, lawyers, psychologists and politicians who run Nebraska’s criminal justice system 20 years to carry out the death sentence handed to a scumbag who murdered three women in 1977. Robert E. Williams admitted killing Catherine Brooks and Patricia McGarry
in Lincoln, and Virginia Rowe in Iowa. He also shot and raped a fourth woman in Minnesota who survived. Wayne Rowe, husband of victim Virginia, witnessed the execution. “I've been waiting 20 years for this," he said? Thinks to a preposterous legal System, Williarttf lived to age 61.
Hate Crime Law Snags Ethnic Student
Richard Machado, 20, whom Associated Press seriously described as an “El Salvadoran-American,” was charged by prosecutors with violating a federal hate crime law that prohibits using race, ethnicity, or nationality to interfere with a federally-protected activity. Prosecutors said Machado sent email “hate messages” to about 60 Asian students at the University of California at Irvine. Machado said the email messages were just a joke, but the feds aren't giggling. His first trial ■I	ended with a hung jury, deadlocked 9-3 in favor of
acquittal. So prosecutors are trying him again. The federally-protected activity Machado allegedly inter-fered with? Attending a public school.
Demographic Trends
Poised to overtake blacks as the nation's largest ethnic minority,
Hispanics are already the second-largest ethnic group in New York City. The Taub Urban Research Center said the city's white population continues to decline, and that Asians show the most rapid numerical growth. New York's population is now 34 percent immigrant, the center said. In 1990, the city was 43.4 percent white; now whites are just 38.5 percent.
Ibx Dollars at Work
The General Accounting Office says the Immigration and Naturalization Service and its parent agency, the U.S. Department of Justice, have no way of knowing whether programs to stop illegal immigration are working. In a recent report GAO said that currently available government statistics “do not indicate whether the increased difficulty of entry has deterred the flow of illegal entries into the country...” Feds say they’ve spent $2.3 billion on border enforcement since 1994, and built 50 miles of new fencing along 2,000 miles of border. Last year the Border Patrol apprehended 1.6 million illegal aliens, yet the nation's illegal immigrant population, estimated at more than 6 million, continues to grow by nearly 300,000 annually. “We believe that the investment of billions of doll are... warrants a cost-effective, comprehensive evaluation to demonstrate whether benefits (are) commensurate," said the GAO report.
1998
Middle American News
Are Abandoning
Middle Americans Public Schools
As U.SL elites call for federalization of the nation’s schools, parents and teachers fed up with the arrogance and incompetence of education bureaucrats are leaving public schools in droves. Already, more than 1.2 million children are being schooled at home, and in several states, independent teacher associations have more members than the powerful NEA and AFT.
By Robert Holland
Goals 2000, the handiwork of elites in government, corporations, and foundations who are centralizing control over American education in a way Mussolini or Marx would approve, may have met its match.
Goals 2000, meet Exodus 2000.
Exodus 2000 is what the arrogance of U.S. elites has brought upon themselves: a grassroots rebellion aimed at convincing American families by the millions to abandon government schools in favor of home-schooling or enrollment in new or existing private schools.
Exodus 2000 may be the last, best hope for stopping Goals 2000’s agenda of turning all American schools into full-service social centers designed to produce group-thinking, docile workers for the global economy.
The movement has a site on the World Wide Web: www.exodus2000.org.
Exodus 2000's chief organizers are Geoff Botkin and Brannon Howse, who have produced videos and written books in opposition to Outcome-Based Education. They are assisted by E. Ray Moore, Jr., a Columbia, South Carolina political consultant and Bible teacher who will use bis influence within the Christian Right to urge church-leaders and Christian f Millie I to abandon the government-controlled schools, whose studied “neutrality” toward religion has evolved into outright hostility.
Moore said the goal is to have 3 to 5 million additional children out of the public schools by early in the new century. With the spread of OBE and School-to-Work — and all the coercion and indoctrination and invasion of privacy that UO with those corporatist systems — many middle Americans are concluding that m is hopeless to try to “reform" the government's schools, according to Moore
“Instead of swatting at mosquitoes, we'sr trying to drain the swamp.94 he explained
Moore, who made a seven-week missionary and fact-finding visit to Egypt in 1982, believes churches and their faithful ought to leave public education behind “as the children of Israel left Egypt long ago.9
Botkin, a West Virginia resident, hopes to head off School -to-Work before it is hopelessly rooted — is., before businesses have agreed to hire only those applicants who have gotten Certificates
of Mastery and skill certificates from STW systems. The 1994 School-to-Work Opportunities Act states that “all schools** must teach and “all students*’ must acquire government-prescribed “workforce competencies.**
“Stopping School-to-Work is a major focus,’’ says Botkin. If as many as 30 percent of America’s children leave the government’s schools — depriving corporate elites of their “human resource material" — that could stop the juggernaut, he believes.
Exodus is not a part of, but is simpatico with, a broader philosophical movement called the Separation of School and State Alliance, which was founded three years ago by Marshall Fritz, the former headmaster of a Christian academy in Fresno, California. The Alliance leaves the petitioning and politicking to others; its adherents want to implant the basic idea that public education can’t be mended, so it should be ended. That’s right: Government at all levels — federal, state, and local — ought to get out of education altogether, according to this movement
The Alliance is gathering signatures on a Proclamation for the Separation of School and State, which more than 3,000 persons had signed as of the group’s third national conference in Arlington, Virginia, in November. The Proclamation is on the Alliance’s Web site at www.sepschool.org.
Fritz contends state schooling can’t be fixed because it’s not broken — that is, it “is doing what it’s always meant to do: Enable the politically strong to undermine the politically weak by convincing their children that the political leaders are nice people with grand ideas.” Once, that entailed Protestants undermining Catholic and Jewish parents, but today it means elites imposing their own values about sexual orientation, the environment, evolution, and general matters of political correctness.
Letting government run “Monday School” is every bit as disastrous as letting it control “Sunday School,” contends Fritz, who argues that, with separation, parents can once again confidently send the if children to schools that support their values and faith, rather than mocking them.
Full separation may seem far-fetched to some. But the ideal has broad appeal. With an end to all school taxation, $316 billion would go back to taxpayers, and parents could make their own arrange-
ments for their children’s schooling. Existing public schools could be privatized, or in many cases parents might form cooperatives to contract for teachers and to educate 50 to 100 children in neighborhood centers — without bureaucracy getting in the way.
With so much money back in private hands, campaigns to raise private scholarships for poor children could do famously, and groups like the inner-city children trapped (for instance) in the miserable schools of the District of Columbia would have access to drastically improved education.
That’s the vision. And how far is it, really, from what is evolving as American parents vote with their feet against public education and make the huge commitment to school their children at home?
Mike Farris, president of the Home School Legal Defense Association, notes that as recently as 1982 only a handful of people in the country were involved in home-schooling. Interest grew substantially that spring as a result of a “Focus on the Family" broadcast by Dr. James Dobson commending the idea of parents taking in their hands the entire responsibility for their children’s education.
Today, there are 1.23 million children being home-schooled in America, “about the same number as the public-school population of New Jersey," notes Farris. And parents are doing well as teachers. Numerous studies have shown that home-schooled children score 20 to 30 percentile points higher than their public-school peers on standardized achievement tests.
Even within many public schools, there is a growing desire for breaking with the radical elites who call the shots in education today. One sign of that is the
growing numbers of teachers who are shunning the National Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers — the two powerful teachers’ unions — in favor of independent teachers* associations.
In Georgia, Texas, and Missouri, independent teachers’ associations now have more members than the NEA or AFT affiliates — a fact little reported by the corporate media. The Professional Association of Georgia (PAGE), for example, has grown by 17,000 members since 1993 and now has a membership of 44,000. PAGE official Tim Callahan says the “founding mothers and fathers" of PAGE were 80 teachers who, back in 1975, had “a bellyful" of NEA radicalism.
PAGE’S members pay annual dues of just $99, which is less than one-third of what Georgia’s NEA members have to shell out. The NEA enforces a “unified" dues structure (as does the National PTA, which supports the NEA agenda down the line) — that is, if you want to join the local, you must join the national, too, and see a large part of your payment drained off to support national lobbyists who may work for causes that you oppose.
Nationally, about 300,000 teachers now belong to independent associations, and that figure is likely to grow as teachers discover they can get liability insurance and other basic protections outside the cocoon of the NEA.
A combination of discontent outside and inside public education eventually could return American schools K-12 to the honorable work of educating children, and put an end to the political indoctrination and exploitation they suffer under the current system.
(,Robert Holland is a writer and editor based in Richmond, Virginia.)
No Wonder They’re Pulling Out
No wonder parents, some teachers, and even a few administrators are rebelling against the school systems. With the rise of new left-wing elites in virtually every American institution, common sense is fast giving way to extremist ideology.
Nationally syndicated columnist John Leo reports that many school curricula across the country are teaching students to spy on their parents, challenge parental authority, and formulate their own values in accordance with teachers and textbooks instead of local communities.
In Tucson, Arizona, high school students were asked in a health class, “How many of you hate your parents?"
In Petaluma, California, students were sent home with a worksheet to help determine whether their families were "open and democratic" or “closed and authoritarian.”
In Oregon, students were asked, "How many of you ever wanted to beat up your parents?”
Dana Mack, author of "The Assault on Parenthood: How Our Culture Undermines the Family,” says that "a deep and unbridgable chasm" has emerged between parents and teachers.
"A new ethic, dismissive of parents and traditional values has descended on the schools" writes Leo. “The new ideology is heavily anti-achievement as well, sometimes actively hostile to brighter students because excelling is regarded as elilist, illiberal, and anti-democratic.”
Unhappiness with America's schools “is national, and it's growing,” he concluded.
Middle American News
January. 1991
Parents Sue School District
Middle American parents across the country are becoming increasingly upset with the kinds of odd experiments school officials are conducting on American kids. For example, parents in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. area are suing the local school district over a "psychological assessment'* program involving their children without the parents' permission or knowledge.
The attorney representing the parents said the program "caused some children to experience bed-wetting and nightmares and to become reclusive and confrontational with their parents.**
Lawyer James L. Coster said the Pittsburgh School Wide Intervention model, known as P-SW1M, asked "invasive and completely outrageous questions’* of the students and frightened many of them.
Parents said children as young as 5 and 10 years old were asked if they ever forced sex on others, deliberately set fires, or tortured animals.
Defendants named in the suit include the Gateway School District, the University of Pittsburgh's Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic, and others involved in the program. ,
Chris Ward, an attorney for the Western Psychiatric Institute, denies the charges. She said P-SWIM was "designed to help mainstream kids with behavioral problems into normal classrooms'* — she was using the word "mainstream” as a verb — and added dial, “/ have no reason to believe any children suffered any emotional harm whatsoever.”
Study Faults Clinton on Warming
To convince Americans the U.S. must sign a global treaty to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, the Clinton administration is arguing that a major climatic threat exists from so-called "global warming.** But according to a study released by the Center for the Study of American Business at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, temperature records do not support the bleak predictions of impending disaster.
In Global Deception: The Exaggeration of the Global Warming Threat, Dr. Patrick J. Michaels warns that White House rhetoric about global climate changes is driven not by scientific fact, but by the government's perception that the American people do not believe the claims made by global warming forecasters.
"Administration-sponsored ’focus groups' studies repeatedly conclude that the evidence against the forecast of a dramatic and destructive global warming is more convincing than the evidence in favor of it," says Michaels.
Michaels is the Virginia State Climatologist and a professor of environmental science at the University of Virginia.
The Clinton administration fears that Senate opposition may be strong enough to kill ratification of an international treaty on global warming negotiated in Kyoto, Japan. That treaty would impose severe environmental restrictions on economic production in the world's mostly white and Western industrialized nations, while granting non-while, "developing"
countries in the Third World a free hand to increase production without environmental restrictions.
In the absence of popular support for the treaty in the U.S., the White House and its allies in various domestic and international left-wing organizations have launched an extensive public relations effort warning of dire consequences for the whole world if the treaty is not ratified. The treaty is widely supported by Third World governments that stand to reap dramatic financial gains from exports if economic production costs continue to rise in the West.
In his study, Michaels disputes the administration’s claims, particularly those advanced by Vice President Al Gore.
In 1997 Gore visited Grinell Glacier in Montana’s Glacier National Park and used his visit to promote fear about global warming. Posing for a photo opportunity, Gore pointed to the glacier as he looked at reporters and solemnly warned: "This glacier is melting."
But according to Michaels, "that park's glaciers have been melting for ISO years, according to the park's own literature. The melting began in the mid- 19th century as the global temperature recovered from the frigid 'little ice age.* During that era, which ran from 1450 to 1900, mid-latitude mountain glaciers expanded dramatically, but have been melting afterwards.
"Had Gore inspected the summer
daytime temperature history of Western Montana, he would have discovered! there's been no warming whatsoever im the last century," Michaels said.
The study also found that the main I claims used by the Clinton administration! to justify the anti-Western treaty are not! justified by historical or scientific facts. I One of those claims, that extreme weather I events like flooding rain are increasing, I is simply untrue, says Michaels.
Flooding rains have increased a mere I 0.60 inches since the beginning of the I century, while the number of intense hur- I ricanes has actually declined over the last 50 years, the study found.
Michaels notes that an 18-year history of temperatures measured by micro-wave sounding units on orbiting satellites shows no general warming of the earth whatsoever. The satellite data do show some areas of warming over central Eurasia and northwestern North America in the winter, the study said. But according to the same satellite information, "the rest of the planet shows a slight cooling trend for the nearly two decades of satellite records. And none of the global temperature records that scientists commonly use shows any warming whatsoever in the last 10 years.**
Michaels agrees that human activity has had some effect on climate, but that the changes have been moderate and benign.
"(Climate) models that predicted large and dramatic warmings...were
wrong, he said/
SPREAD THE WORD!
<3>
now
Order bulk quantities of
MIDDLE
AMERICAN
Buy bulk quantities of M.A.N. at reduced rates and help spread the word.
Sell or Give away Copies of Middle American News
I I YES, I want extra copies of this issue of Middle American News (January ‘98).
Name^_________________——
f
I
Address
City/State/Zip
(For UPS delivery - street eddrese only, no P.O. Boxes)
Telephone
Just fill out this order form and send your check or money order
TODAY!
(In ease we have questions about your order)
Clip and mail to: Middle American News
Distribution Center J* v	P.O. Box 17080
I	Raleigh, NC 27619
I 10 copies for $6.00	_ .	..
^	Enclosed Is a check In the
| 25 copies for $11.00	amount of $	 . Send me
cn	|«, ccnn	the number of copies of the
50 copies for $16.00 January issue I ve checked.
100 copies for $26.00 (We pay shipping on all orders.)
Page II
AMBHeur
MElnfSBRIEFS
Now Who Looks Like a Prune?
Foul-mouthed Coleman A. Young, the black leftist mayor who spent 20 years ruining the city of Detroit, finally died last month of respiratory failure. During his disastrous but wildly popular reign at City Hall, Detroit’s population shrunk by more than half, from 2 million to less than I million as whites built suburbs to escape the city’s escalating terror. It was under Young's stewardship that Detroit became known as the murder capital of the world, with the highest recorded per-capita homicide rate of any Western city since Alaric sacked Rome. Young used unprintable profanity at news conferences and routinely referred in public to President Ronald Reagan as “old prune face.** While denouncing the Reagan administration’s South Africa policies. Young was exposed as a heavy investor in Knigerands. He was a founder in 1950 of the National Negro Labor Council. identified in the House Un-American Activities Committee as a Communist front. President Clinton hailed Young as “an inspiration to so many city leaders throughout the nation" and “an outstanding public servant.”
Another Death Linked to New Deadly Virus The deadly hantavirus has showed up in Pennsylvania, reportedly causing the death of a hunter. There is no cure for this virus, which causes the lungs to fill with fluid, and has an 80 percent fatality rate. It was never
• found in the U.S. until 1993 after decades of Third World immi-
________ gration and increasing trade with less sanitary foreign coun-
tries. Infection generally occurs from contact with rodent nests II 1 || or dung. It has thus far killed 88 people in 28 states. It comes 11 from a family of viruses named for a river in Korea where a B I strain of it infected 3,000 U.S. soldiers during the Korean War.
Safe in the Federal Skies?
Officials at the Federal Aviation Administration have admitted that many airplane inspectors hired to check maintenance and electri- |(q cal systems had taken no training courses before joining or since being hired. An audit 11 the FAA’s inspector general found that 15 of 39 air- 1 craft inspectors at just two FAA sites had not taken any training courses since they were hired, and seven had no training at all on any of the systems they were hired to examine. Meanwhile, the General Accounting Office said FAA’s inadequate recordkeeping prevented anyone from making sure that aircraft repair stations are correcting the problems identified by aircraft inspectors. FAA does, however, have an excellent record ensuring racial and gender “diversity” in the workplace.
Racism Doesn't Exist, But Still a Big Problem If you waich the news or read a newspaper, you've heard that alleged white ractm accounts for most of the ills suffered by America's downtoddren minorities. But according to a poll by Time-CNN, nearly 9 out of 10 black teenagers racism has little impact on their lives. A large majority (89 percent) of those surveyed said racism was just “a small problem" or “not a problem at all” Inexplicably, however, 62 percent of Mack teens and 58 percent of white teens smd they believed that racism is ”a big problem.”
In other words, no one actually suffers from racism, but since teachers, politicians, and journalists continually lament its existence, everyone believes it s a problem.
Marriage Vows, Not Math or English
The crackpot elites who run the public schools in Dover, Delaware, are making children participate in mock marriage ceremonies that pair same sex children in a "wedding of friends" in classrooms. Teacher Edc Outtcn smd the ceremony was a way to get children to "care for each other," according to Associated Press. The lesson includes readying! from a muNicuhuralisi book called, “Carry, Go, Bring, and Come " baud on a West Indian wed* ding. At a public protest, 150 parents complained to the school board, but their concerns were ignored when a coalition of academics circled their toliucal wagons around Oullen. One parent, Tkf-■Kelly, said she — like thousands of oilier parents Horn the U.S. is pulling her son out of the Lad will teach him at home-
Clinton Touts Homosexual Equality at Meeting
Bill Clinton, the first president to address a homosexual organization, used that platform to compare the struggle for gay rights and privileges with the women’s suffrage movement and the civil rights battles of the 1960s.
Speaking before a $250-a-plate dinner sponsored by the “Human Rights Campaign Fund” in November, Clinton demanded an end to “discrimination” against gays and lesbians.
“Our ideals were never meant to be frozen in stone or in time,” Clinton declared. “We have always worked toward higher and higher definitions of equality.” He likened his support for gays to President Harry Truman’s similarly ground-breaking address to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in 1947.
Besides appointing record numbers of admitted homosexuals to important government positions, he has nominated an open homosexual (who also happens to be a big Democratic donor) as an ambassador. The appointment is pending confirmation by the Senate.
He has endorsed the proposed Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), which would make homosexuality a “protected” category for employment purposes. This is seen by many as an opening wedge to obtain the same protected status in all areas of law currently enjoyed by everyone in America except white maids. . .
“We all know that sexual orientation has nothing to do with balancing a book, fixing a broken bone or changing a spark plug,” the president told the 1,500 in attendance, who gave him seven standing ovations. Firing or refusing to hire people because of their sexual preference, he said, “is wrong and it should be illegal.”
Clinton did not address the concerns o many opposed to forced hiring of homo sexuals to work in schools, day care centers, and jobs where they must work in close physical quarters with other employees, and similarly sensitive positions.
White House spokesman Mike McCurry defended the president's appearance, equating the address to homosexuals to a recent speech at an Italian-American dinner. Clinton posed backstage with TV star Ellen DeGeneres, who was honored by the group for “coming out” as gay on television, but the White House refused to release any of those photos to the news media.
The dinner re-emphasized the growing clout of homosexuals, who contributed heavily to Clinton in both his elections and voted for him in large numbers. Gay groups have apparently forgiven Clinton for signing the Defense of Marriage Act before the 1996 election. That legislation bars federal recognition of any “marriage” except between one man and one woman, and the president’s approval outraged homosexual activists at the time.
“Some people will not be comfortable with you and me being here tonight,” Clinton told the crowd, “but I hope we work to embrace people to overcome their fears.”
A few conservative groups picketed the dinner, held at the elegant Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, D C.
Clinton's “endorsement of Holly-wood-style homosexual activism is likely to send a deadly signal to many young people, who are sexually vulnerable,” complained Robert Knight of the Family Research Council. “To use the bully pulpit to glamorize behavior that offends the values of millions of Americans...is a disservice,” he said.
ZPG Won’t Criticize Immigration
Like other left-wing environmental groups, a major population control organization is avoiding a definitive position on immigration, even though the flood of foreigners into the U.S. is the single greatest source of the country's increasing population growth.
At its October 1997 meeting, the board of directors of Zero Population Growth (ZPG) voted on an immigration resolution that leaves many wondering where the group really stands on the issue.
According to a statement from the group, the ZPG policy says that “Immigration goals must be set within a larger framework of a U.S. population policy which aims at slowing U.S. and world population growth.”
That seems to endorse slowing the rate of U.S. population growth, though it does not explicitly say so.
"After reading the announcement,” said Mark Kirkorian of the Center for Immigration Studies in Washington, D.C., ”1 still don’t know whaf /Kl'i stand on immigration is."
The text of the resolution reads, in pm ZPG believes that U S immigration puli, etc# should focus on reunification of imme* diatc families, and dial U.S. refugee policy
should affirm our commitment to the United Nations Convention on the Status of Refugees. In addition, ZPG supports measures aimed at increasing resources for the Immigration and Naturalization Service so that all immigrants, refugees, and asylees are ensured timely due process and to enable the U.S. to enforce measures to prevent fraud and other violations of immigration laws.
"ZPG recognizes that there are many issues surrounding the formulation of U.S. immigration policy... Further, ZPG believes that immigrants and refugees should he admitted equitably....”
There was no mention of America's uncontrolled immigration rates, which account for as much its 60 percent of America's population growth, the highest in the industrial ized world.
'These groups, like ZPG and the Sierra Club, are tricking their contributors,” said Robert Goldshorough, president ol American Immigration Control, the nation's largcsl mi migration control group. ” lliev raise money from people concerned about the United Slates' high po|xdation growth they lake the money, but they rclusc to act," Ik said.
Middle American News
January, 199:
Hmong Immigrants
Demand Free Food
claimed I hey provided to the U.S. in the
Thousands of Hmong immigrants filled up hearing rooms throughout California last November arguing that their countrymen's opposition to Ho Chi Minh during the Vietnam war entitles them to free food from the state's beleaguered taxpayers. The Hmong are fighting the cutoff of food stamps to non-citizens that was mandated by recent congressional welfare reform legislation.
But state officials, after behind-the-scenes consultations with the Clinton administration, have so far rejected the appeals, contending that Congress had provided no legal avenue to exempt former Hmong fighters and their families from the cuts.
“Unfortunately, while we empathize with this population. Congress made no specific provisions to allow them to continue receiving food stamps,** said Corinne Chee, a state Department of Social Services official.
The Hmong were among an estimated 100.000 immigrants in California slated to be cut off from food stamps last September under the 1996 federal l welfare reform act, which made non-^citizens ineligible. The law made cx-Bceptions for those immigrants who were ^KT.S. veterans or could prove they had W worked 10 years in this country.
The cutoffs evoked an angry response from the Hmong who are used to getting free housing, free welfare checks, free health care, and food stamps ever since they were invited by Congress to come to the U.S.'following the ignominious retreat of American forces from Vietnam a quarter-century ago.(
Published news accounts say some 3.500 Hmong have filed appeals | against having their food stamps cut 1 off. forcing state welfare officials to - schedule mass hearings in Fresno, Los Angeles, Sacramento, Yuba, Alameda, Butte, San Joaquin and Orange counties. Officials don't know for certain the total number of Hmong who lost their food stamps but estimates run as high as 20,000.
la halting English, the aliens insisted they were entitled to “veteran status** because they allegedly fought against the North Vietnamese. They told what one administrative law judge
called “emotional" stories of leaving wives and children to fight with the Americans, of losing loved ones in the war and then, when it was over, of harrowing escapes from the communist victors.
Tales of victimization frequently accompany published accounts in the corporate press about immigrants. In this case, the stories ignored the hardships faced by real U.S. veterans who are now being asked to give up portions of their own meager incomes to aliens.
“There was a promise [that] if we lost the war, the United States was going to take care of us,’* insisted Yee Xiong, spokesman for the California Statewide Lao Hmong Coalition.
But Xiong did not mention who made the promise. Many military officials and genuine veterans point out that the U.S. was not pursuing a military victory in Vietnam. Talk of “winning” or “losing” the war was not part of the thinking of American policy makers. Battles were fought solely to achieve diplomatic bargaining chips against Hanoi.
The political battle now being waged by the Hmong in California repeats a sordid chapter in U.S. history, reigniting the debate over how far U.S. elites are willing to go in using foreign populations to establish multiculturalism in America. Once the foreign groups are imported, should the native population be plundered to feed and house them;; too? Could this provoke a reaction among taxpayers who might unite to resist America's immigration lobby?
Fearing a popular reaction that could oust political elites from power, Republicans historically have sought a “go slow” approach to implementing the political elite’s social and economic agenda. Not surprisingly, the welfare reform legislation was primarily a GOP measure, though it was ultimately signed into law by President Clinton. After the 1996 elections, however, the Republicans agreed to gut the reforms, and restored most of the welfare benefits that they had earlier promised would be rescinded from noncitizens. Except food stamps.
In the hearings, the Hmong brought tattered “evidence” of the services they
1960s during the Vietnam war. One man brought the death certificates of relatives he claimed had perished fighting the Communists.
Insulted U.S. veterans pointed out that many American families also lost relatives fighting foreign wars for American elites, but they did not get food stamps.
The cuts apply only to able-bodied adults between 18 and 65. Although no longer eligible for federal food stamps, children and the elderly can continue to get other assistance. Elderly aliens, for example, are entitled to generous SSI payments, thanks to a decision by the GOP Congress to restore federal benefits to aliens.
The Hmong immigrated to this country beginning in the late 1970s and early 1980s after fleeing to Thailand. About half of the 150,000 Hmong now living in this country settled in California; most of the rest migrated to Minnesota and Wisconsin.
Many of the Hmong immigrants are illiterate in their own language and have been unable to master English. The lack of marketable skills and their decision to live in rural areas have kept most of the adults on welfare, in spite
of federal laws that are supposed to refuse admittance to immigrants who will become a public charge. Like many other immigration laws already on the books, it is not enforced.
One of the state’s administrative law judges who conducted several of the hearings found in favor of the Hmong in a series of proposed orders. But he was overruled by Eloise Anderson, director of the state Department of Social Services. She found his ruling to be inconsistent with a U.S. Department of Agriculture directive “which concludes there is no specific authority to grant such veteran status to this group for food stamp program purposes.”
Victor Hwang, staff attorney with the nonprofit Asian Law Caucus, said he is researching the law to determine if there are grounds for a class-action lawsuit on behalf of the Hmong. In the meantime, with volunteer help from UC Davis law students, he told the Los Angeles Times, his group is assisting the Hmong with their appeals of the cuts.
“The Hmong should have a special dispensation,” said Ernest Velasquez, former welfare director in Fresno County, home to the nation's largest Hmong community.
SUBSCRIBE TO
HUDDU
AMERICAN
NEWS
Bee back cover lor details.
(Advertisement)
Don't Get Caught Unprepared: - -
CivtL UX2VR c<xio
is coming soon!
W Vi*J

*SCtu
Military analyst Tom Outturn has the guts to take a no-nonsense factual look at r1 what more and more Americans have ;been thinking. He examines political.^ economic and demographic trends to | conclude that America is headed toward cither becoming an imperalistic police state in which there is little or no freedom or -J more likely - collapsing into another civil war Civil War II. This civil war will break America apart geographically, primarily along; racial lines.
Author Tom Chittum won't leave yon swimming in vague generalizations* He pinpoints the factors driving the breakup. He provides you with detailed maps which show how the country will likely be split, and who will be controlling w hat parts. He explains w hat areas of the country art likely to become hot spots, and w hy • again providing maps where appropriate. He examines the timetable for Civil War II. explaining when it is likely to happen and why it will happen when it does. And he gives his readers solid advice on w hat to do to prepare and how to avoid a personal tragedy in the war. ;
OMDEK TODAY9	hook	is	a	must	for	anyone
~ ? concerned about the direction our country Is headed in!


}Ml 1-S00-719-4957 (VitalMC) / gf Had chock or money order to:
American Eagle Publications, Inc. P.O. Box 1907, Dapt M. show Low. AZ 88001
You? lAlt|iMOon ilwayt IQOW gowaniaaO1 i
Paperback, 202 pages ONLY $12.95! * 3 oo *iw


Fugc \\
Middle American News
~£EXMEt^/SBRIEFS
Objective Standards Frighten Feds Following a ban on race preferences in college admissions in California, the law school at the University of California at Berkeley accepted applications from only 14 blacks this year, an SO percent drop from last year. As a result, the feds wonder if Nazis and Klansmen have taken over the school’s admissions office. That’s why
the Office of Civil Rights in the U.S. I>epart-|______
atmnt of Education is investigating whether the law school — known asl Boalt Hall — discriminates against blacks. But Boalt Hall is a tough school to get into. John Bunzcl, past president of San Jose University, points out that "only seven blacks in the country scored high enough in 1988-89 to match the average LSAT score of Boalt Hall students, compared to 1,044 whites and 52 Asians."
Adults Say the Damdest Things
Parents of children who attended "College Day" at an elementary school in Minnesota complained to education officials about Michael Davis, a professor at St. Cloud State University in Minnesota. According to published reports, Davis taught a class entitled "Egyptian Mummies"
during which he claimed that astronauts found the face of Jesus Christ on the moon. Len Soroka, president of the university’s faculty union, told a reporter that professors like Davis need the freedom to present differing points of view and beliefs without fearing they may be punished. A spokeswoman for the university said Davis would not be reprimanded.
Attacking Opponents: Official Business?
In an effort to embarrass Republicans, Rep. Jim McDermott, D-WA,| leaked to the New York Times a tape of an illegally recorded telephone conversation between Rep. Jim Boehner, R-OH, and Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-GA. A federal grand jury is investigating McDermott. But defense attorney Barry Levine has hinted that he believes the Constitution protects members of Congress from prosecution for "any speech or debate in either House" conducted as part of official business. Levine told Roll Call newspaper, "As a constitutional principle, speech or debate is one of the most important principles that any member of Congress ... has." If found guilty of violating the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, McDermott faces five years in jail and a $10,000 fine.
Another Broken Promise To help convince Congress to pay for sending U.S. troops to Bosnia, President Clinton promised they would return home after one year. l\vo years later, the mission was extended to June 1998. Now Clinton's lieutenants want to extend the mission further. "Within the administration, there's what 1 would call an emerging consensus that a continued American leadership role and a continued military strategy will be necessary to implement the Dayton accords" says Matthew Daley, a State Department official handling enforcement of the peace agreement. So far, Clinton's self-imposed mission to guard Bosnia's borders has cost American taxpayers about $7.4 billion.
Where Have AU The Children Gone? Gone to Pot....
The libertarian right and the anarchist left both advocate the legalization of so-called "recreational drugs" arguing that criminalization hasn t pul much of a dent in illegal drug use. But a new study suggests (had legalization is worse. Robert MacCoun of the University of California at Berkeley said research shows that when marijuana was virtually legalized in the Netherlands where the weed was sold openly in coffee shops, the use of pot nearly tripled. "The percentage of 18-year-olds who have tried marijuana at some point in their lives was up to 44 percent and it had been about 15 percent." said McCtrnn. "The number* started climbing during a time when the numbers were not climbing in oilier European nations ”
Liar of the Month
Former Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros
A federal grand jury in Washington, D.C., charged former Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros with 18 counts of obstructing justice, conspiracy, and lying to the FBI about cash payments he made to keep his mistress quiet about their relationship.
President Clinton appointed Cisneros, a former big city mayor popular with Hispanics, as pan of his pledge to have a cabinet that "looks like America."
Also indicted were Cisneros' former mistress and two former aides.
One of the most serious charges is that Cisneros lied to the FBI in order to obtain a top-secret national security clearance from the Justice Department.
Cisneros had publicly denied«giving "hush money" to his mistress, but prosecutors said he transferred large amounts of cash to her so that she would remain quiet when Cisneros was nominated by Clinton and facing Senate confirmation. Cisneros denies the charges.
Southeast Asia to Get Bail Out from U. S.
To help bail out Wall Street specula- several Southeast Asian nations where tors (and maybe foreign campaign con- many multinational corporations have set tributors, too) the Clinton administration up low-wage factories to produce cheap announced it would use $3 billion from the goods for export to the U.S. market. Exchange Stabilization Fund of the U.S.	The	U.S.	and	several international or-
Treasury as part of a $23 billion interna- ganizations funded by the U.S. have prom-tional effort to prop up Indonesia's cur- ised billions of dollars to prop up Asian rency.	economies following drastic devaluation
Flush with cash from taxpayers, the of several currencies, fund is the same one used by Treasury Sec- The currencies in Thailand and Indone-retary Robert Rubin in 1995 to bail out sia have lost about 30 percent of their value Mexico’s ailing economy so it could repay against the dollar since July. Currencies in loans and other investments from New York Maylasia and the Philippines have also suf-banking houses. Goldman Sachs & Co., fered sharp drops, affecting nearby Taiwan one of the investment banking firms helped and Hong Kong. The former two countries by the Mexican bailout, was Rubin's cm- are expected to get at least $1 billion from the ployer before he joined the Clinton admin- International Monetary Fund, which is funded istration.	by the U.S. South Korea is also in line for
Indonesia, the latest bailout benefi- major cash infusions, ciary, is home to the Lippo Group, the	As	a	result	of	the fall in the value of
multibillion dollar international financial those currencies, goods produced there lor empire run by Clinton associates James and export to the U.S. market will remain rela-Mochtar Riady, who occupy center stage lively cheap to buy with U.S. dollars. Be-of the campaign finance scandal. Neither cause many of the economies of Southeast Riady is an American, but both — who are Asian countries depend on exports to the also business partners with the Communist U.S., they gain a temporary competitive regime in Beijing, China — gave heavily edge over comparable products produced to the Democrat Party and to Clinton's re- elsewhere. The currency devaluations election effort. Both declined to be inter- keep their export industry thriving, as long viewed by Senate investigators probing il- as U.S. and other international sources of legul foreign influence in U.S. elections. money are willing to prevent the curren-T he bailout of Indonesia has wide- cies from total collapse, ranging political and economic re pc reus-	As long as that source of competition
sions. First, the bailout props up the brutul for U.S. goods remains healthy, those for Suharto regime, which has come under in- eign goods drive down wages for t S creasing criticism for its repression of po- workers and force layoffs in domestic in lineal dissent and the primitive working dustrics. With bailouts of those foreign conditions there that U.S. corporations ex- economics, American taxpayers are tinanc-ploit to boost their profits.	ing the destruction of their own jobs and
Perhaps more significantly, however, industries, the bailout is just one part of an overall glo-	An	action	plan	adopted at a two-da>
bal economic strategy implemented by U S. economic summit in November includes elites that pins U.S prosperity to the health plans lot increasing libcrali/ation of uaki d several Asian economics. The Indonc- lower faults* and more intervention Ivxait sian bailout follows on the heels ot a se- the IMF* 11k plan calls tor as much as $78 lies ol U S financial commitments to help billion in aid lor tlic Pacific Rim countries.
Middle American News
January, 199
ORDER THESE IMPORTANT BOOKS AND RECEIVE A FREE GIFTI
Revolution from the Middle
By Samuel Francis
Get your copy today! Only $6.95 postpaid.
“If our culture is going to be conserved, we need to dethrone the dominant authorities that threaten it."
Samuel Francis
“Samuel Francis’ newest book.. .is much more than a collection of articles about matters of passing concern. Rather it attests to Francis’ singular efforts in constructing a strategy by which Americans might recapture their nation from the decadent establishment now in power.’’
“Samuel Francis is a political and sociological realist who points the way, in sober and sensible words, for a true renaissance of American civilization.”
Father James Thornton, Chronicles
What Went Wrong?
AMERICA: Who Stole the Dream?
America: Who Stole the Dream?
Among the many topics of interest to Middle Americans are:
♦	Global trade — sending jobs abroad
♦	The China lobby moves in
♦	What can be done?
By Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele, Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative reporters for the Philadelphia Inquirer
Mall to: Middle American Books
P.O. Box 17088, Raleigh, NC 27619
Please send me the books I’ve checked below.
■ i / I I I I
America: What Went Wrong? Among the many topics of interest to Middle Americans are:
] Revolution from the Middle by Samuel Francis, Ph.D., at the special postpaid price of only $6.95
♦	Dismantling the middle class
♦	Losing out to Mexico
♦	The disappearing pensions
Praise for America: What Went Wrong?
“Mr. Barlett and Mr. Steele have incisively and vividly defined the problem facing the nation, and proved again that there is an audience for a mate age that cannot be captured by a sound bite, a photo opportunity or even a bumper sticker.”
Tha New York Times Book Review
By Donald L. Barlett and Jamas B. Steel#, Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative reporters for the Philadelphia Inquirer
per copy.
] America: What Went Wrong? (1992) by Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele at the special postpaid price of $6.95 per copy.
] America: Who Stole the Dream? (1996) by Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele at the special postpaid price of $10.00 per copy.
□ I want to order both America: What Went Wrong? and America: Who Stole the Dream? at the special postpaid price of only $15.00.
owmunc*
_Q)f

FREE WET*
When you order any two books from Middle American Books, you will receive a copy of the Constitution of the United States in booklet form absolutely free I
L
Enclosed is a check or money order Please allow 2 weeks tor delivery.
Name	.	l	_________________
Addreaa	,	______
City/State/ZIp	__________
Sorry, no credit cards accepted.
- — — —> —— — —        --------------------------------------- — j
Middle American Neves
.nuahv, 1998
NEWSBMEFS
Welcome to the Nightmare Americas political, social, and economic elites have made such a mess of our country that officials in Chicago art trying to figure out how to protect kids at-tending aa inner city school from the routine gang gunfire that erupts nearby. Several kids have been inadvertently shoe some killed, during gang shoot-outs Sometimes stray bullets from outside crash through the windows into classrooms. One parent,
Scott Ellis, 25. said he walks his three children —
Taqoela. 10, Scottie, 9, and Sadeatra. 7 — as far as a street light across from the school, Jenner Elementary. But he dares not walk them any further BHmB he is a member of the Gangster Disciples, and Jenner is next door to a building controlled by a rival gang, the Vice Lords. ‘They know me,” he ftoU the New York Tunes. “When the shooting's going on, they'll shoot me." Some officials hope a recent gang truce will help. “We stopped the gang-banging.” said Anthony Johnson, who told the Times he was a Vice Lord T got kids in there, myself."
WINTER
merry emmz
More Name Changes As new groups assume political and cultural power, old place names give way to names favored by new elites.
The City Council of Dallas, Texas, for example, just voted 8-7 to name a street for Mack militant Malcolm X, over the opposition of those who fear the change will deter shoppers from frequenting the area. At one point, the former Oakland Avenue crosses Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. And in Louisiana, George Washington's name was dropped from a school because local authorities didn't like the fact that the Father of our country once owned slaves. And in school districts across the county, “Christmas Vacation Is being replaced by "Winter Break" so as not to offend the hordes of Modems, Hindus, and other Eastern religious groups flooding into the U.S.
That'S Teach 'Em	Hi	^
Classes » suicide are appearing in public elementary schools nationwide. The Los Angeles Times reports that the nuts who run 41 percent of California's school districts provide such classes, as do 15 percent of school
districts elsewhere in the country. Advocates say the classes are designed to prevent destructive behavior and train students to recognize “warning signs" in friends and classmates. Saner folks question the wisdom of introducing such a grim subject to impressionable youngsters. In 1990,8 year-old Stephen Napela killed himself just one day after he and his second grade class watched a feel-good psychobabble film called “Nobody's Useless" He hanged himself just like the main character in the movie. But in the film, the character was rescued in time.
Aulice Denied (Again)


sd tarty from prison by dr rat's nest that America's is Tammy Morgan who was eonvietod in the 1986
td. SA

p+emy k» become •toy Mf of Rick ptea dMjgtttr'i Aw binhd t mmM motor im Mopped to betp. he »M kilted by um pvtaan Poor of it Aw iavdvsd in PWmiaf'i d m mm km Morgan wm would to mw JO) far her Mb n (be murdar, but an tektmi nfter w bn (ban I J/J ycort. AnwiMd Pvoat (ipurod Ptwoag'i Vaiam AnOeettm. “tmi dm caa'l til Mod a ay dam that Inn (be wntd* ymn Mo>

Asians Are Big Winners in Prop. 209 Fallout
Asian-American students appear to be the winners in the aftermath of California's Proposition 209 that bans state-sponsored racial preferences. As college admission standards have reverted to objective academic merit, Asians are poised to become the dominant racial group on almost every campus of the University of California, the nation's largest state university system.
The outcome of the initiative offered no surprises to experienced educators or| other informed observers familiar with the academic performance of various ethnic groups in multicultural America. After college admissions reverted to merit rather than race as the determining criteria, California’s university elites scrambled in search of new ways for otherwise unqualified blacks and Latinos to get into the state university system, which is now admitting Asians in near-record numbers.
Even before Proposition 209, Asians made up a majority of one of the campuses in the 127,000-student system.
That system is now required by law to admit the top 12.5 percent of California high school graduates, regardless of race. As of 1990, the last year for which numbers were available, fully 32 percent of Asian state high school graduates fit that category. Though not officially measured since then, that performance has reportedly improved, dramatizing the differences in academic performance between student racial groups regardless of the cause.
Though they make up only about 15 percent of all California high school students, Asians are 50 percent of the group of students who meet university entrance standards. Blacks and Latinos are just 5 percent and 4 percent respectively.
As result, the freshman class at Cal-Bcrkeley last fall was 41 percent Asian.
It is numbers like those that send shudders through the academic and political elites who are working furiously to get around Prop. 209 and somehow force the admission of academically deficient blacks and Latinos into the system next fall.
Whites on the other hand are being increasingly marginalized in the fallout from Prop. 209, ignored in the orchestrated machinations to accommodate blacks and Hispanics.
Some critics note that if white students were the primary beneficiaries of Prop, 209 rather than Orientals, mulliculluraltsts and their media allies would have successfully exploited the issue as an example of while racism
However, with Asians qualifying as favored "people of color," the left-wing has been lorwed to be more subdued ml
In aniaipation of the first full post 20V academic year next September, ad missions officers on the various stale campuses arc reportedly looking ai us ill I prospective student s sotloecu*
nomic status" as the primary vehicle to get blacks and Latinos around the stiff merit-based entrance standards.
However, some activists fear that use of socioeconomic status as a tool to “diversify" the system could backfire. Various studies reveal that use of socioeconomic status as entrance criteria could benefit many recent Asian immigrants as well as working class whites.
Whatever methods are used to get around the state's new merit-based entrance requirements, many analysts fear that there will be continued strife and turmoil throughout the system.
Retired sociologist C.J. Leeds says the Prop. 209 conflict mirrors what is happening in other aspects of society throughout the state, and is the predictable outcome of trying to manage the pit-falls inherent to compelling different cultures and races to live together in the same place, competing for the same things.
“There can be no happy ending in such situations," predicted Leeds.
“Not only is it a question of race but an ideological clash between meritocracy and egalitarianism," he said. “In general terms, the Asians, particularly the Chinese, Japanese and Koreans, stand to benefit the most from a meritocracy. Their high group intelligence, as reflected in their work ethic, strong families and achievement-oriented cultures, makes them a powerful force."
Whites are being increasingly marginalized in the fallout from Prop. 209, ignored in the orchestrated machinations to accommodate blacks and Hispanics.
At the other end of the spectrum, he says, are the are the masses of inner-city blacks and increasing numbers of immigrant Latinos who would benefit the most from egalitarianism, "because as groups they simply haven't shown the ability to compete with the Asians*
But what they do have, he observes, "is their numbers, their color, their resentment, their racial consciousness, support of the elites and the threat of violence." That translates into political power.
Somewhere in the middle, he reckons, are the whites who as they dwindle down to a minority in the state, appear to lace possibly the bleakest prospects in terms of cultural and political power.
“Though as a group they have shown the capacity to compete successfully with the Asians in a mcutocracy, they show less inclination to do so, as evidenced by tall mg academic achievement, lack of racial consciousness and a pervasive embrace ol materialism."
As for the benefits of egalitarianism, such as iffiflMilve a*.turn’ lt\ ^w non, he said, ii occludes them.
iu

Middle American News
January, 1998
• • • VIEWPOINT • • •
GNEISS '
Publisher	Editor	Managing	Editor
Palmer Stacy Jerry Woodruff Mary Hare
Contributors:
Brent Nelson Brendan Long Elizabeth Howard Robert Holland Wayne Lutton
Published monthly Circulation over 100,000 every issue
Puce: $2 00 per issue, $15.00 per year subscription. Requests for subscriptions should be accompanied by check or money order payable to:
Middle America* News PO. Box 17088, Raleigh. NC 27619
The issue today is the same as it has been through-out all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite.
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Viewpoint columns and letters do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Middle American News.
Reader's Forum
Praise for Mu4. News
I have been a subscriber to M.A. News for approximately two years and look forward to each issue with great Macqmion. I also subscribe to several other conservative publications. However, I must say that yours is by far the most informative, truthful, and insightful of them all.
Your publication addresses the real issues threatening our country. Specifically, your coverage of illegal —migration, political corruption, government waste, fraud and abuse, welfare fraud, affirmative action, a scandalous foreign policy, and the dangers of the United Nations, Aould be required reading for every American.
I cannot emphasize enough how much I enjoy your publication. It is truly the finest of its kind that I have ever read. The only regret I have is that it is published just one a month.
Keep up the excellent work.
Mr. RG M Metairie, Louisiana
All Must Pull Together
I am writing in response to the condition of America.
I am 20 years old. I am an independent fundamentalist Baptist, and a supporter of America and a confederate flag supporter. I love this country and it is very sad to see what is happening.
but one person can make a difference. We all need to pull together, no matter who we are (black, white. Northerner. Southerner, etc.) and realize this country belongs to all of us. We need to tell the illegal aliens, the government. the mulficulturalisis: “You arc not going to take our country from ui!H If we don't, the American dream will | bp tost. I
Ms S.B.
Pagdand, South Carolina
Agrees With hotinsn on Tenth Amendment
One must agree with columnist Joseph Sbbran (Dec. 1997;: "II each stale passed its own laws in areas now under federal control.. .the smaller unit of govern-
ment. . .would reflect the desires of the voters..."
The Founding Fathers anticipated him by two centuries when they created the Bill of Rights — with the Tenth Amendment stating that all but the few powers explicitly “delegated to the United States" be “reserved to the several States...or to the people."
Sobran wants to “take back the usurped powers now exercised from Washington." *
The Fourth Estate could launch that restitution: It can react to real or apparent threats to the Tenth Amendment with the same hair-trigger responses it brings regularly against threats to another part of the Bill of Rights: the First Amendment.
Mr. W S.
Phoenix, Arizona
Disputes “Right Wing" Label
I have been a regular reader, and have ordered bulk quantities for distribution to libraries, hospitals, etc., and recommend it wholeheartedly.
Your article entitled, “Movement Launched to Impeach Clinton" was very good except for one thing.
You referred to The John Birch Society, which is the organizer of this nationwide movement, as being a “right-wing group." This not only is very disturbing coming from you, it is also very misleading.
It is a common tactic of the media — the use of such a label connotes in a reader's mind that it is a group with radical/cxtremist views and that one should avoid having anything to do with it. By those standards, all of those — from the Minutemen who faced the British forces at Concord, to and including our nation's Founding Fathers, were indeed “right wing groups."
Today's controlled media has imposed in the public's mind that any association with such groups is “politically incorrect" and should be avoided at all costs.
Mr.W.8.
Mention. Michigan
Wi did not iuggfti that thr John Binit Sm iety was
radical or extremist, and we doubt anyone would seriously dispute that the group is generally considered to be “right wing ” — even by its own members. We agree that by today's standards, most of the Founding Fathers would also be considered "right-wing," particularly Thomas Jefferson, who is today emerging as a favorite target for hatred from left-wingers and some conservatives.. — Ed
Disputes Liar of the Month
I was reading your “Liar of the Month" and wondering, how did you ever overlook the two most notorious liars in the world [Clinton and Gore]?
As far as the Republican Party goes, I have worked with Sen. Milch McConnell, R-KY, enough to justly fed that he would not lie. {Liar of the Month, Sept. 1997). I think that Clinton probably pulled the mg from under him.
I assure you that Sen. Mitch McConnell is not a liar.
I feel that someone owes him and the Republican Party an apology.
Ms. R.M. Kentucky
Whatever virtues Sen. McConnell may possess, truthful fundraising is not one of them. The fact remains that he raised money from Republican donors by telling them he intended to "save " welfare reform from President Clinton‘s "extreme liberal agenda. " McConnell accepted money on that pretense, then voted for the very changes in welfare reform that Clinton advocated, including restoration of welfare benefits to aliens. — Ed
------------------Letters	—------------
Letters to the Editor should be mailed to: Middle American News RO. Box 17088 Raleigh, NC 27619
Fax: 919-839-2181
Email address: manewsOmanews.org
Web Site: www.manews.org
..	VIEWPOINT
January 1998	 Middle	American	News--------------------------------------------    ■	—
Rv Elizabeth Howard
Crme Without Punishment. Rep, Jim McDermott (IKWA) has reportedly offered to admit criminal guilt in leaking to the press an illegally obtained telephone call between Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-GA) and Rep.
John Boehncr (R-OH V But McDermott wants to get off with only a wrist-slap: He would accept a reprimand from the House and a fine, similar to that paid by Gingrich last year, but must not be censured, expelled or prosecuted for his crime. He also wants to pay the fine with campaign contributions, which Democrats angrily refused to let Gingrich do. Ranking member of the “ethics" committee at the time of his crime,
McDermott is desperately trying to keep a federal grand jury from hearing testimony, claiming that the Constitution allows him to break the law. Boehner wants McDermott to resign, and is planning a civil suit against him....
Another Stab in the Back Speaker Gingrich has again outraged Middle Americans, this time by selecting a pro-homosexual, pro-abortion, anti-Second Amendment Republican to run for the seat vacated by Walter Capps (D-CA), who died in October Several members, including Richard Ponbo and Randy Cunningham (both R-CA), may help a Middle American advocate run against Gingrich’s
and Capps' widow, who's running as a Democrat in the January special election....
Gratitude, Washington Style. In 1992, when Sen. John Glenn (D-OH) was still deep in debt from his 1984 run for it. Sen. Bob Dole (R-KS) personally donated the jmum SI.000 and assigned a trusted aide, Joann Coe, to help Glenn raise money. Glenn returned the favor recently, damning Coe by name for refusing to accept subpoenas from Democrats on the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee who want to undercut the investigation of Clinton by probing i't 1996 race for campaign crimes....
What First Amendment? NBC's refusal to join other in the new “voluntary*' TV rating system has
John McCain (R>AZ), chairman of the Senate I Committee, which oversees broadcasting issues, ni. SetL Joseph Lieberman (D-CT) and Rep.
Edward Markey (D-MA) have threatened to strike back by complicating license renewals for NBC-affiliated stations....
Liberty and Just Usf Before adjourning, both the House and Senate voted to override the president's line-item vetoes of pork projects from a military construction bill. Final passage led Senate Porkmaster General Robert Byrd (D-WV) to declare: “Make way for Liberty!**....
Fast-Track Follies. The Administration's frantic efforts to gain “fast-track” trade negotiating authority included
conpeupeople with goodies for their districts and others to gain support. Left-wing Rep. Nancy 8 (D-CA) was described as “incensed” after a meeting wnh Clurton. and the president was reportedly so obnoxious wnh another female House member that she switched from favoring hit position to opposing it... Clinton and his allies were to desperate to pass fast-track that they ran newspaper ads claiming former Sen. Ed Mnskie (D-ME) and former Ag Secretary and Rep. Ed Madigan (R-IL) endorsed the effort The ad didn’t mention that both have been dead for acvcra! years.... Organized labor is said to be particularly angry * Raps. Matthew Martinez (D-CA) and Darlene HnAp (MR), who look thousands of dollars in union comrifafliuna and then supported fast-track, which would undercut American workers. Big Labor is reportedly pleased with anti-fa* track GOP Rapa. Phil English (PA), Michael Earhea (NY), Jack Quinn (NY), Lack Wamp (TN),
Dun ran Hunter (CA) and Jerry Weller (1L)..~
Selective Outrage ben. Carl Levin (0-MI), who couldn't see much wrong with Clinton getting political cof*nbuhun» from Red China, is upset that Republicans may have given |4J million to a nonprofit group and then helped UKaniaic that group's spending for the 1996 elections.
• strong evidence of wrongdoingwhined Levin. Rfohopy has yet fled the country to avoid answering Rdpstfow about this allegation, but nearly a dozen people hsvgtf) die Clinton seaiidal#....
Mdtiud Ldtpses, iwit/eriand will assist in an investiga Uoo of an unnamed JJ.Jf. congressman accused of taking IWlda fur netting arms to anu-uuiiinuaiif rebels in
Capitol
Offenses
m the Dome
Afghanistan in the 1980s..The congressman, who had a Texan partner in his illegal enterprise, has been identified only by the initial “W” in documents. Former Rep. Charles Wilson (D-TX) says it’s not him.... The House “ethics” committee found “no basis to support allegations that Rep. [Earl] Hilliard [D-AL] violated Treasury Department regulations or other laws implementing U.S. economic sanctions against Libya” when he visited that country in August. Hilliard is also being investigated for directing more than $100,000 in campaign expenditures to businesses owned by him and his family.... The committee also cleared House Whip Tom DeLay (R-TX) of charges that he used his office to benefit his brother, who is a lobbyist....
Confirmation Delayed. The Senate adjourned without voting on Dr. David Satcher’s nomination to be Surgeon General. Although Satcher supports late-term, “partial-birth” abortions. Majority Leader Trent Lott (R-MS) predicted that he will be confirmed by the GOP Senate.... The Foreign Relations Committee cleared homosexual millionaire James Hormel to be ambassador to Luxembourg, but the full Senate won’t vote until 1998. Chairman Jesse Helms (R-NC), who opposed previous gay Clinton nominees, did not attend the hearing and apparently won’t fight against confirmation.
Fearful? Rep. William Clay (D-MO) doesn’t, want former prosecutor Joseph diGenova investigating the corrupt election of Teamster President Ron Carey and his connections to the Democratic party. Clay claims a “conflict of interest” because the House education committee is not making diGenova's firm jettison all of its other clients.,...
Bad Deal. After promising that the 2000 Census would be the “actual enumeration” required by the Constitution, the GOP leadership agreed to let the Census Bureau do experimental “sampling” on a test basis, which will inflate the number of minorities. In return. Republicans got the “right” to expedited Supreme Court consideration of any lawsuit they wish to file against the practice....
Junket Time! Rep.
Charlie Rangel (D-NY) led an 11 -day tour of the Ivory Coast. Ethiopia. Zimbabwe,
Mozambique, Uganda and other African countries. The plane he was assigned held only 40 people, but more than 100Administration officials wanted to go....
It's Only Taxpayers'
Money. At least 51 House members gave fat raises to their staff during the Iasi quarter of 1996. “A shocking number of departing congressmen ...apparently used our tax dollars as a consolation prize to their soon-to-hc'uncm-ployed starts” commented David Keating of the National Taxpayers Union, which uncovered the waste.... Rep.
Joel Heflcy (K-CO) estimates that it costs approximately # 10,000 per hour to operate the House floor. ..
Short Takes During a
recent debate on immigration policy. Rep. James Traficant (D-OH) observed that “most Americans believe Congress needs a brain scan performed by a proctologist”.... Former Rep. Stephen Solarz (D-NY) is now actively encouraging the loss of American textile jobs as a lobbyist for the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association.... Rep. Jane Hannan (D-CA) was overheard trying to use her status as a congressperson to get a front-row seat for a special D.C. preview of Richard Gere's movie, “Red Comer”.... Christina Jeffrey, the House historian summarily fired by Speaker Gingrich in 1995 over her views on a Holocaust curriculum, is suing Gingrich and the Department of Education, the latter for violating her right to privacy concerning the remarks. Attorney General Janet Reno is also a defendant for her refusal to prosecute the Department.... A health care business headed by former Rep. Tom McMillen (D-MD) was raided by the Postal Service and Defense Department as part of a criminal investigation of billing fraud....
Election Notes. Good riddance to retiring Reps. Ron Dell urns and Vic Fazio (both D-CA). Dellums, who came to Congress as an anti-Vietnam War activist, is perhaps most infamous for allowing the District of Columbia to bankrupt itself and become the murder capital of the nation during the years he was responsible for oversight of its activities. Fazio is said to have felt excluded and ignored by the House Democratic leadership... Apparently believing that being the son of a wealthy Republican family is qualification enough, Jonathan Newman has “shut down his law practice” and is spending all of his time working to replace fellow Republican Rep. Jon Fox (PA).... Undeclared Senate candidate Rep. Charles Schumer (D-NY) is running TV ads outside his district, in which he modestly refers to himself as the country's “most effective congressman"and boasts that he "stood up to" the National Rifle Association.... Onetime Senate candidate and talk-show host Oliver North is helping raise money for Rep. Linda Smith (R-WA) in her effort to unseat Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) this fall.... Former Rep. Luden Blackwell (D-PA) is running in a special election to replace Rep. Tom Fogbetta (D-PA), who’s leaving to be ambassador to Italy.... Rep. Patrick Kennedy (D-Rl) has refused to say (hat he won’t try to unseat or succeed Sen. John Chafee (R-Rl) in the 2000 election.... Rep. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) has already endorsed House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt (D-MO) for president in the year 2000, saying that Gephardt “is on the right side of the people in this country... Gingrich isn’t. Lott isn’t. Clinton isn’t. Gore isn't”...
Middle American News
Suicide of the West
In the fall issue of Public Interest, scholar Nicholas Eberstat has good news for those worried about global population growth but bad news — indeed ominous news — for the West.
Using recent demographic studies, Eberstat writes that there is a high probability that world population growth will level off by the year 2040 and then begin a gradual decline. But if demography is destiny, the West appears about finished. Consider:
In 1950, five of the 12 most populous nations on Earth were Western: the United Stales, the United Kingdom, West Germany,
Italy, France. By 1995, the United Kingdom, France and Italy had fallen out of the top 12; only the United States and Germany remained. Now, look at Eberstat’s projections for the top 12 nations as of 2050, even if Third World population growth is arrested.
Nation Millions of People		Nation Millions of People	
India	1,231	Brazil	188
China	1,198	Bangladesh	178
Pakistan	306	Ethiopia	176
Nigeria	279	Zaire	146
USA	272	Iran	143
Indonesia	251	Mexico	127
The Lost Allure of Global Free Trade
What these numbers suggest is that people whose grandparents once| lived under Western colonial rule will inherit the Earth. By 2050, writes Eberstat, the Philippines will have more people than any country in Europe including Russia. And though the population of Europe is today equal to that of Africa, by the mid-21st century, Africa’s population will be more than triple that of Europe.
Consider Italy. Today, an Italian couple has on average 1.2 children, the lowest birth rate in Europe. This means that for every eight young Italians today; there will be five children, 2 three grandkids, and one or two great-grandchildren. If these birth rates endure, the Italian people are headed toward extinction. Writes Eberstat*. “in Italy barely 2 percent of the population in 2050 would be under the age of 5, but more than 40 percent would be 65 or older.”
As the population of the Third World grows, that of almost every European nation is shrinking. Eberstat estimates that by 2050, for every child under 7 in Europe, there will be four people over 65. Who will service the nursing homes of the dying continent that dominated world history for 500 years?
Assuming the above statistics hold, some predictions may be ventured. The Russian Far East, that vast land of limitless resources, will likely pass to China, which has long coveted these “lost territories.”
A Russia one-tenth China's size, its population shrinking and aging, will be unable to hold them.
America, too, will change. As Bill Clinton happily observed last summer, at our present immigration rates and birth rates, the United Stales by 2050 will cease to be a Western nation, either in the composition of her population or in her culture.
In geopolitical terms, the numbers Eberstat reports portend India's rise as dominant power in South Asia and the Indian Ocean, though this Hindu nation will have hundreds of millions of Muslim citizens and find herself surrounded by populous Muslim neighbors. Indeed, demography today appears to be a mighty ally of Islam.
As for the Persian Gulf, it will almost surely be dominated by an Iran that by 2050 will have a population as large as that of the United Stales in 1940. And when one reflects that by 2050 the atomic bomb will be a 105-year-old invention, it is difficult to see how America can forever deny that weapon to Tehran.
By 2050, people may wonder why America ever went to war in the Persian Gulf to destroy Iraq, when the result was to ensure Iranian hegemony. Absent some catastrophe or war, the only open question would seem to be: What kind of Iranian regime will it be that controls the Gulf?
What do these demographic numbers tell us? That the Western hour in world history is ending, that by its hedonistic embrace of the seiuial revolution — of birth control and of abortion — Western civilization, dial great vibrant part of the world once called Christendom, is marching merrily along toward civilizational suicide <iod is not mocked.	o	1997 Creators Syndicate, Inc
LONDON — President Clinton’s decision to pull his fast-track trade bill from the House floor rather than face a humiliating defeat marks a turning point in U.S. history. For the first time since World War 11, the nation’s financial, political and intellectual elites have been repudiated on a great question of foreign policy.
On the issues of trade, economic independence and national sovereignty, the establishment has lost the country. The American people, through their representatives in the House, arc refusing to continue on the course the leaders of both parties have mapped out for the country. “Global free trade” has lost its allure, and economic nationalism is now in the saddle. That is the meaning of the Clinton climb-down in November.
If the president and the Republican leadership in Congress do not wish real political upheaval, they will pull fast track for good. It would truly be an act of arrogance and folly to continue bullying and bribing recalcitrant congressmen to embrace a global trade policy in which the country no longer believes.
Clinton and his Republican and corporate cohorts lost because they have smugly dismissed the valid concerns of Middle America and working men and women. What are the greatest of these concerns?
First, American immersion in the Global Economy has produced a steady decline in workers’ wages in the United States, which are now below where they were in 1973. And even though more mothers of preschool children and more wives are in the labor force than at any other time in our history, median family income is $1,000 below where it was when Ronald Reagan left office. Every state, every county, every city has a story of a factory closed, jobs going overseas and neighborhoods dying a quiet death.
Second, America’s economic independence is being sacrificed, and our national security is being put at risk. In 25 American states, there are now more workers in government than in manufacturing. Imports now equal 50 percent of domestic manufacture; as late as 1970, it was only I 0 percent. And many vital U.S. weapons systems now could not operate without foreign-made parts.
Third, U.S. national sovereignty is being compromised and surrendered. Foreign nations are lining up to file challenges with the World Trade Organization against dozens of American laws — from U.S. sanctions on Cuba, Libya and Iran to “buy American” programs at the state and local level.
Fourth, as America ceases to be the self-sufficient nation she once was, she becomes increasingly vulnerable to incompetence and corruption beyond her shores. Financial blunders in Mexico City and Asia can now shake U.S. markets. put the nation's financial stability at risk and lead to endless bailouts of bankrupt "trading partners.**
Finally, American immersion in the Global Economy has left her exposed to all the viruses that afflict so many foreign regimes — from cronyism to corruption. The BCCI scandal, Koreagate and Lippogate are all the result of foreign penetration of the U.S. economy and American political system. And, today, former U.S. officials from senators to secretaries of state now routinely rent themselves out to foreign regimes and foreign firms. Not long ago, such conduct would have been considered shameful. But in the Global Economy, the claims of country take a back seat to corporate commands.
Clinton’s problem then is that for the majority of Americans the material gains they derive from entanglement in the Global Economy are not worth the cost to their country and their countrymen.
This vote is a “no-brainer,” said Clinton in his final plea for fast track. Unfortunately for him, the country took a second look at the $800 billion in trade deficits that Clinton has run
C	Creators Syndicate. Inc.
Pat Buchanan
HEY BUDDY OU PPsL, OL CUUMl

Page 19
Big Media’s Big Lies About Handguns
Having blown Its own feet off with its disastrous campaign for gun locks on handguns in Washington, the gun gestapo is having second thoughts about its recent adventure in populism. The people of Washington, it turned out, had about as much use for the gun locks measure as those in California do for affirmative action and illegal immigration, and they rejected compulsory trigger locks on all new hand guns by an avalanche of 71 percent to 29 percent. So there's nothing for the gestapo to do but pack it in on populism and
part been based on their portrayals of fast-drawing gunslingers. Together they persuaded other czars like
Time Warner’s Gerald Levin and Ellen Levine, editor of Good Housekeeping, to run ads against handguns on cable systems and in the magazine.
As described by the Journal article, the ads can be called nothing other than lies.| One of them shows a small boy climbing onto a closet shelf to get hold of a handgun. When he gets it, he points it at his face, the audience hears a gun shot, and a message appears on the screen telling us, “10 children are killed by a handgun every day.” Obviously, too many children are killed by handguns, and obviously the kind of *cc®e HI describes happens. But it is simply untrue that it happens 10 times every
day. U it did. that would result in more than 3,600 accidental firearms deaths among children every year.
As a matter of fact, in 1995 there were 181 fatal gun accidents among children, and deaths of children caused by guns were 1 percent of all fatal accidents among children. Choking on a swallowed object accounted for 4.5 percent of accidental children's deaths in that year. As a cause of death among kids, hand guns simply aren't important. The ads in fact inflate the numbers of gun-related fatalities among children by a couple of cute tricks. In the first place, they add in homicide and suicide figures. In the second place, they count as “children" late adolescents. Since lots of certain kinds of adolescents commit lots of certain kinds of homicides, that raises the ads' figures to a number that actually approximates reality.
Bin that’s not what the ad tells us, and it's not what Mr. Wenner claims the ads are supposed to teach us. The scene the ad describes is that of a very young chdd accidentally killing himself with a handgun stored in the home. If it told us the truth shorn gun fatalities among young people, it should show something like an maer-cUy teen-ager blowing away a rival gang member. But that points to a problem of law enforcement, not firearm safety.
Moreover, Mr. Wenner told the Journal that the ads are “trying to change perceptions." “The reason most men buy handguns is because they think they can protect their family. But it doesn't work. Handguns are much more likely to bring harm" That too is a lie, since criminologist Gary Kleck, a gun control supporter, has shown dial guns m the home stop crimes, deter burglaries and protect those who own diem, but at does tell us the purpose of the ads: to disinform the public about hand guns, eslaMish in the public mind the lies necessary to push gun control politically, and. specifically, to make people believe that a hand gun in the home means a danger to the live# of their children.
The Hollywood tycoons and super-rich stars who are peddling the big lies of Cease Fire have their own bodyguards and corporate security forces, so they don’t need guns for their own safety. The real questions that Americans outside this elite should ask about Cease Fire and its lie campaign are: Why lias the riding class of the media signed up with the gun gestapo, and why Is it so insistent that the reel of us be disarmed?!
‘Racial Reconciliation ’ Doesn’t Look at Anti-white Racism
In the Clintonian conception of racial reconciliation, some are more reconcilable than others. Recently John Hope Franklin, the retired black historian who chairs President Clinton’s commission on racial reconciliation, announced he would not allow a prominent black opponent of affirmative action to give testimony to the commission. Apparently, Mr. Franklin and his fellow reconcilers are resolute in their commitment to one and only one road to reconciliation, and anyone who suggests taking a different road can go sit on his own commission.
Of course, Mr. Franklin's decision makes perfect sense given the real, as opposed to the publicly stated, rationale for the commission and for the whole crusade against “bigotry" that the president has launched. As was clear from the beginning and is more clear every day, the real purpose is not to promote inter-racial harmony but to ensure that whites will swallow non-white demands without grumbling. Hence, there’s no room at the commission for people, white or I non, to make a case against affirmative action.
Nor is there room for discussion of non-white hate crimes against I whites, of double standards in race relations, of anti-white racism and discrimination, or of the increasingly interesting question of how
whites can expect justice and liberty in the increasingly nonwhite society of the future. And there is to be no attention to the related question of the meaning of the emergence of nonwhite racial consciousness and solidarity in a country that is supposed to be committed to “tolerance” and diversity.
On the latter issue, the commission might want to hear some testimony from Asian-Americans, who, The New York Times reported, are I set to flex political muscle made large. Asian-Americans, that is, arc forging their own racial identity and carving out their own political agenda to reflect it. How much “reconciliation" is on their menu is not clear, but so far no one seems to have discussed adding it.
The Asians are especially upset that Senate Republicans have all but rejected Mr. Clinton's nominee to run the Justice Department's civil rights office. Bill Lann Lee. The reasons for his rejection have to do with Mr. Lee's curious conviction that popularly enacted referenda against affirmative action like California's Proposition 209 are unconstitutional. That belief betrays a I constitutional illiteracy so immense that it ought to disbar turn even from practicing law, but in the age of Clinton it apparently entitles him to be the civil rights czar.
But the Asians, and some Democrats, are claiming that the real reason for Mr. Lee's confirmation problems are racial; Mr. Lee, you see, is of Asian extraction, and why else would Republicans oppose him but for reasons of bigotry?
The truth is, as remarks uttered by one of the chief racial reconcilers for the Asian lobby make dear, that the bigotry is on the Asian side. The Asians want Mr. Lee confirmed simply because he is Asian, and for no other reason.
Thus, as Karen Narasaki, director of the National Asian Pacific American Legal Consortium, told the Times, “This [the Lee confirmation problem] has been another wake-up call that if we’re going to actually be at the table and to have Asian-Americans in high levels in the government, people arc going to have to become more politically engaged than they were before." For Miss Narasaki, Mr. Lee should be confirmed simply because he is Asian and confirming him would put Asians “at the table."
Yet even the Times points out that in the last election two governors of Asian background were elected, so Asian-Americans are already at the table and gobbling fast. In a recent issue of Forbes, editor Daniel Scligman points out that Asian-Americans have median household incomes of around $43,000 “some 15 percent higher than the figures for whites." Moreover, "Asian-Americans are 65 percent more likely than whites to have earned a bachelor's degree,*' and some 30 percent of the finalists in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search this year were Asian-American.
Asian-Americans make up only 4 percent of the nation's population, so they are in fact over-represented in the upper ranks of economic and educational attainment As for political power, two governors out of SO is exactly 4 percent of the country's governorships.
And yet, despite the impressive levels of Asian-American achievement and despite their lack of benefit from affirmative action, Asians in this country are developing their own racial identity and consciousness, forming a political agenda around it and deploying their political muscle to support the I anti-white discrimination supported by Mr. Lee. It all just goes to show that you don't have lo be white to be bigoted and thal what “racial reconciliation” really means is thal some peoples’ bigotry is more reconcilable — and more acceptable *• than others'.
Samuel Frtuu is is a nationally syndicated column* »t # /W7 Tribane Media Services, Inc.
get back to relying on elitism to disarm the masses.
Hence, the latest brainstorm of the gun controllers is to use Big Media as I propaganda tool in the war against privately owned firearms. Last week the Wall Street Journal reported on the formation of a new branch of the anti-gun lobby called Cease Fire, which seems to specialize in the tactics of the Big Lie.
Cease Fire was formed by Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner, who has been “sensitized" to guns ever since his buddy John Lennon got blasted out of his socks by a loose lunatic back in 1980. Mr. Wenner's crusade consists of rounding up some of the heaviest media czars in the
country to preach against the evils of handguns.	______________________
The heavies include Walter Cronkite, Barry Diller of HSN, Michael Eisner of Disney, and actors Michael	///>#	PI	C
Douglas and Paul Newman, whose careers have in no small	bJUiilUCl	1	i	Utils	I3
It is simply untrue that children are accidently killed by handguns 10 times every day. If it were true, the result would be 3,600 deaths, not 181.
Pa** 20
Middle American News
January, 1998
Hate Crime Laws Will Lead to Totalitarianism
Passing “hate crime" laws is a step toward totalitarianism. There arc several reasons why such cgislation is a bad idea.
First, to make a distinction between crimes based on motive is nonsense and an injustice, ople who are victims of violence, vandalism or arson are equally injured, whether the criminal's rtives are greed, general malice or prejudice.
To punish a crime of prejudice more than an otherwise identical crime of greed or general lice is a slap in the face to the victims of ordinary criminals.
Second, so-called hate crimes are a minor percentage of crime, and the government shouldn’t be wasting its time trying to make the problem larger than it is.
Third, hate crime legislation is just laying the groundwork for hate speech legislation, which, fodeed, is already on the books in some states. This is the step toward totalitarianism. This is a direct assault on free speech and should be vigorously opposed.
The First Amendment of the Constitution was not designed to protect safe j or uncontroversial or politically correct speech or government-approved speech. Such speech needs no protection. You can speak of trivia and government-approved topics in a government-approved manner in any dictatorship in the world, present or past.
Remember that old Cold War joke, when an American in Moscow tells a
Economic Sanctions Against Iraq Are Wrongheaded

I Russian, "Look, I can stand out in front of the

president a warmonger and nothing will happen to me. That’s how free my ■Sttvy is.”	*	'
“So what? So can I,’’ said the Russian, and to prove it, he shouted, “The American president is a warmonger.’’
No matter how obnoxious or offensive we find certain speech, we must never consent to allowing the government to police it, for to police speech is to police thought, and that is the essence of the totalitarian philosophy.
And we have plenty of would-be totalilarians who are eager to brand as hate speech any speech that criticizes them or their sacred
cows or just meets with their disapproval. In Canada and Germany it is considered hate speech to question even the details of the Holocaust; people in Germany have ended up in prison for doing nothing more than that. Since when does a fact of history need the police power of the state to protect it? No one who values liberty should ever allow a government to make it a crime to be wrong or to question the orthodox version of events.
Truth is often arrived at by argument and debate. Even genuine historians are continuously
It’s about the price of oil. It’s not about terrorism or weapons of mass destruction.
The Iraqis are right. The United States and Great Britain have unjustly prolonged the embargo against Iraq. This delay has resulted in the deaths of thousands of children and the elderly. United Nations officials and humanitarian organizations say that, not just the Iraqis.
The power structure in both countries have large economic interests in Kuwait and in other places where there is oil. Iraq has more known oil reserves than any other country in the world except Saudi Arabia. Some oil men even think Iraq's reserves are bigger than those of the Saudis. If Iraq’s oil is allowed to come back on the world’s markets, the price of oil will go down.
That's what it’s all about.
Hans Blix, director-general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which for six years has been overseeing and inspecting the destruction of Iraq’s nuclear capability, has said publicly that the IAEA is “sure Iraq has no remaining infrastructure for nuclear weapons production.”
But, Blix said, he can’t certify that because the ^	United	States	and	Great	Britain	disagree	with	other
U.N. Security Council members on the definition of “capability”. Presumably, the U.S. position is that Iraq should execute all its engineers and scientists and destroy all its computers. That’s all that’s left of Iraq’s nuclear program, according to Blix.
Use common sense. Iraq is a small country. Do you think on-the-ground inspectors working for six years could not find a large store of weapons if such existed? Do you really think the
Iraqi government doesn’t want the embargo lifted? The U.NP
icvw^vVkm W»svones mote information becomes available. As one wag put it, God cannot rewrite history, but historians can and do all the time.
Some people in this country seem to want to enjoy the privileges of the communist party as it was in the Soviet Union — to be completely immune from criticism and to make sure none .of their ideas or policies, no matter how cockamamie, are questioned. Hence the eagerness to brand all their critics, legitimate or otherwise, as peddlers of hate speech and to push the government into criminalizing it.
A free society, if it’s to remain free, must leave even genuine bigoted speech free to be combatted by reason and education. The alternative is to move toward totalitarianism, in which thinking the wrong thoughts can land you in prison or before a firing squad.
There may not be a dime’s worth of difference between Republicans and Democrats, but there is a gap light years wide between those who believe in freedom and those who believe in totalitarianism. If you find freedom offensive, perhaps you ought to emigrate.
© 1997 King Features Syndicate
FOLKS SAY THE CLINTON SAHOS UP TO NO GOOD.
resolution doesn’t authorize prying into every aspect of Iraq's military — only in its weapons of mass destruction.
The United States and Great Britain have just employed the Orwellian technique of doublespeak to keep the sanctions on Iraq. They keep demanding that the inspectors prove a negative, which is impossible. Can I swear to you that Martians don’t exist? No, I can only tell you I can’t find any evidence that they do.
The legitimate question is. Is Iraq a threat? If the United States did not consider it a threat prior to the Gulf War with its war machine intact, why does it now consider Iraq a threat with its infrastructure destroyed, its people ill and hungry, its middle class destroyed and its weapons capability destroyed and continuously monitored?
No, it's oil. That’s probably what’s behind President Clinton's latest foreign policy fiasco, slapping sanctions on Sudan. There is oil in the Sudan, but apparently the current government will not honor the deal made with an American oil company by the previous government.
This is really interesting. The previous government was run by a dictator. It was engaged in the same civil war the current government is engaged in. The previous dictator was said by human rights organizations to be about as bad a chap as bad chaps can be. But there was one difference.
The U.S. government loved the previous dictator. It didn't think his conduct during the civil war warranted sanctions. In fact, the United States would rush war planes to the area any time someone looked cross-eyed at their favorite dictator.
When their favorite dictator was in power, a friend of mine lived in the country and reported that an American oil company had found what appeared to be large oil deposits.
This was later acknowledged by the company.
But alter their dictator was deposed, the United States began to say that Sudan was a terrorist stale and that its conduct of the civil war was terrible. Funny, the United States had never previously shown much interest in the human rights of Sudanese — as it now shows no interest in the human rights of Chinese and Tibetans, not to mention Palestinians.
® 1997 King Features Syndicate
Page 21
l^Mvysy>
Middu Ambhicm* tjiws
f’ViSWPOi NT
Marines Under Feminist Attack
News networks seem more interested in covering the White House's (lank than in covering the White House story, writes Investors Business Daily. The perky financial newspaper has a point. In Washington, D C., journalists are as numerous as lawyers.
Yet, they produce very little, if any, investigative reporting. If The New York Times, The Washington ftwf and the TV networks have any investigative reporters, they certainly haven’t managed to sink their teeth into a single Clinton scandal.
The Washington press corps can’t even get out the news. On a low volume day with Congress out of session, wouldn’t you think news bureaus would notice if the assistant secretary of the Army started a war with the U S. Marines by declaring in a speech that “the Marines arc extremists. Whenever you have extremists, you’ve got some risks of total disconnection with society. And that’s a little dangerous”?
That's what Clinton appointee Assistant Secretary of the Army Sara E. Lister, the feminist who bosses the U S. Army, told a Harvard University conference. The day after this remarkable assault on the Marines, a thorough search revealed that only The \hbshingkm Times had picked up the story. Talk radio got hold of the story, as did the House. On the morning of the second day, though, still almost nothing appeared in the mainstream press. Now, Lister has been forced to resign before news audiences learned of her denunciation of the Marines.
Her resignation is good news. Although it took the Marines to do it, the U.S. military finally defeated a feminist — at least for now. Ever since the Tailgate scandal, which was orchestrated by feminists and destroyed naval aviation, the military brass hive been running, in fear of their careers, from the feminists that Clinton unleashed on the militan Lister probably expected the Marines to start making apologies the way tfte Army has for its drill sergeants and the way the Navy has for its macho aviators.
But the Marines aren’t all gone yet. The commandant. General Charles Krulak, stood up for the Corps. Lister’s denigration of the Marines, he said,
“summarily dismisses 222 years of sacrifice and dedication to the nation” and dishonored “the hundreds of thousands of Marines whose blood has been shed in the name of freedom. Honor, courage and commitment are not extreme ”
The radical feminists haven't been able to get their claws into the Marines like they have the other services. Marines can still be men and warriors. There's no mixed sex basic training in the Marines, and that’s the reason for feminist Lister’s anack on the Carps.
Until Lister created a fire storm, she was Clinton’s candidate for secretary of the Army, according to Pentagon reports. The Army is quietly grateful that Lister self-destructed before she could be promoted, thus avoiding another confrontation between the military services and the draft-dodging commander in chief who thinks so badly of the military as to appoint the Marine-bashing Lister an assistant secretary.
Lister tells us a lot about the Clinton administration. There is literally no qualified person anywhere in the administration. The few respectable Democrats that Clinton was able to coax into his adminis-tration in order to lend it a sheen of responsibility —Phillip Heyman,
Lloyd Bentsen. Lloyd Culler and Judge Abner Mikva — ran for the exits as soon as they got a close look at what they were associated with. FBI agent Gary Aldrich, in his best-selling book, “Unlimited Access,” tells the story of a White House staffed with drug heads who camioi meet the Secret Service’s requirements for a White House pass.
The Clintonistas have so besmirched the high offices of the U.S. government that no respectable person will want to serve in them from fear of being tarred by association. This is going to be a severe problem for future administrations.
Opportunists and charlatans will be available in plentiful supply, but public-spirited persons of integrity and ability are going to shy away. This is likely to hold true for the office of president, as well. After Clinton is done with demeaning the office, we will be lucky if anyone wants the job.
Selling out Principles for Votei
Paul Craig Roberts
<0 1997 Creators Syndicate, Inc.
A battle for the soul of the Republican Party is raging in Congress: An Republicans going to defend the constitutional principle of equality before the law, or are they going to vie with Democrats as an opportunistic political party that sells out fundamental principles in a bid for minority votes?
The House and the Senate have come down on separate sides of this issue. In the House, four Republican members of the Judiciary Committee, following instruction from the House Republican leadership, voted to kill a bill sponsored by Charles Canady (R-Fla.) that would enforce the constitutional prohibition against differential group rights based on race and genderj Over the past several decades, federal bureaucrats have established an unconstitutional and illegal (under the 1964 Civil Rights Act) system of gender and race preferences that discriminate against whiles, Asians and merit in government contracting, employment, promotion and university admissions.
Republicans George Gekas (Penn.), Elton Gallegly (Calif.), Stephen Buyer (Ind.) and Ed Pease (Ind.) voted with Democrats against Canady’s attempt to enforce equality before the law. They argued that equality before the law — one of humanity’s greatest achievements — was worth less than the feminist vote. The four Republicans understand that pandering to Mau-Mau artist Jesse Jackson will get them no minority votes. But the white women’s vote is still up for grabs, and the opportunistic Republicans don’t want the risks of appealing to principle over female preferences.
Thus, House Republicans have spoken: “We will not uphold our oath to defend the U.S. Constitution and prefer to tolerate illegal preferences rather than risk annoying the female vote. Let the people — through popular initiatives, such as California’s Prop. 209 and the courts defend equality before the law, but don’t look to House Republicans to do anything about the rape of the U.S. Constitution.”
In the Senate, the same issue came to a head over President Clinton's nomination of quota-prince Bill Lann Lee as assistant attorney general for civil rights. Lee has spent his life helping to construct the unconstitutional and illegal system of race and gender preferences that has made white and Asian males second-class citizens. Lee does not accept the U.S. Constitution, which requires equal standing in the law for each and every citizen. Lee wants to overturn the Constitution and leave in its place a system of differential group rights that guarantee equal group outcomes regardless of the merit of individuals. Equal outcomes cannot be achieved without unequal treatment.
Clinton sent Jesse Jackson and Co. to the Senate to threaten Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch and Republican members of the committee. It would be a hate crime, Jesse Jackson accused, not to confirm Lee as assistant attorney general. However, all Republicans save Arlen Specter (Penn.) stood up for the Constitution and blocked Lee’s nomination. Like the four Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee, Specter thought Republicans should sacrifice the Constitution for the minority and feminist vote.
Some Republicans mistakenly think that one presidential appointee can have no real effect on quotas. If Lee becomes assistant attorney general — and Clinton threatens to give him a recess appointment — he will use coerced consent degrees to spread quotas. This tactic, abundantly used by Clinton’s previous assistant attorney general, Deval Patrick, works as follows:
The Justice Department brings wholly unfounded charges of discrimination against a business. The business knows that it can beat the charges in court, but its lawyers point out that the case would distract top management for years, disrupt the business and cost millions of dollars. Moreover, the company would suffer bad press from liberal editorialists and boycotts organized by Jesse Jackson. The smart thing to do, advise the lawyers, is to work out a deal with the Justice Department and accept some more quotas.
Often, the Justice Department gets another federal agency to gang up on the targeted victim. The Federal Reserve, for example, blocked acquisitions by a bank that the Justice Department targeted for a consent degree until the bank gave in. Sometimes, the consent degree involves monetary payoffs. Chevy Chase Bank, for example, was forced to lend to black mortgagors at below market rates of interest and to pay a portion of their down payments.
The assistant attorney general for civil rights has the power to bring the lull weight of the U.S. government against a company in a lawsuit regardless of the merit of the suit. This power is enormous, and the Justice Department shamefully abuses the power in order to entrench quotas through consent degrees. Unless Republicans stand firm against this abuse, quotas will continue to proliferate regardless of popular initiatives and court rulings By cravenly caving in to President Clinton, House Republicans have left Sen. Orrin Hatch with the burden of the fight.
*S> 1997 Creators Syndicate. Inc.
Page 21
vrawfH'Mrr
’ *Mdtk't Wfikib/bTiMws

The Sex President
WASHINGTON — Nearly 35 years after his assassination, we art still learning about John Kennedy's sox life. The Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter Seymour Hersh has just published his nc* findings about the remarkably lecherous young president in his book “The Dark Side of Camelot.” We are treated to scenes in which the Secret Service is put in the position of Arkansas state troopers, as it were.
Hersh justifies publishing details of Kennedy's secret life on the high-minded grounds that they might have had something or other to do with Kennedy's foreign policy and stuff. It’s a bit of a stretch, but that won’t stop people from buying the book, even if they don't give a hoot about Kennedy's foreign policy. Kennedy’s defenders, on the other hand, argue that his private life, however squalid, can never tarnish his public legacy.
Meanwhile, in the world of today, President Clinton is said to be concerned about his own legacy. He has been a peculiarly zigzagging president.
He has no definable foreign policy; in domestic affairs he has alternated conservative gestures with piecemeal moves to expand the reach of government.
In one area, though, Clinton has been consistent: sex. He has fought with something like conviction for abortion, including late-term abortion, and he has now committed his administration to homosexual rights. He pointedly hobnobs with swinging Hollywood types, including the lesbian actress Ellen DeGencrcs, who recently smooched with her lover in his presence at a White House do.
Clinton is also the first president whose sex life hasn't had to wait, for posthumous revelations: They began during his candidacy, when he and his wife appeared on ”60 Minutes" to discuss his rumored adulteries.
Since then we have been treated to graphic descriptions of his amatory techniques and his private parts. The names of his mistresses have been published (in some cases sclfpublishcd), and he is the target of a sensational lawsuit for an alleged crude
pass ai an unwilling state employee. No stickler for privacy, he has cheerfully answered questions about his underwear and
Clinton’s Gut Issue
WASHINGTON — There is no popular demand for war with Iraq or anyone else, and President Clinton knows it. The pressure for war is coming from the usual quarters: those who, for various reasons, want the United States to dominate the Middle East.
The op-ed hawks arc framing the issue as whether Clinton has the “character" (read: guts) to bomb Iraq. If there is one issue where he is vulnerable, it's character. He is easy to caricature as a draft-dodging hedonist who lacks principle and courage. And the caricature requires only slight exaggeration. Clinton is no saint, and the kind of saint he least resembles is a martyr.
As a young man, Clinton saw Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon devoured by a long, futile, unpopular war. That was Lesson One.
Lesson Two came later. As a presidential candidate in 1992, Clinton faced a president who had just waged war on Iraq. It was the opposite of Vietnam: a short, popular war that cost few American
lives and ended in overwhelming victory. During the campaign Clinton himself was widely derided for his evasion of military service and for his subsequent lies about it. Yet he won, and George Bush, a decorated war hero, lost.
What Clinton learned from his own election was that even a successful war president can't count on re-election. At one point the polls had shown public support for the Gulf War at over 90 percent. Yet that support didn't translate into electability for the commander-in-chief the following year.
So the lesson of Iraq was added to the lesson of Vietnam. What people will endorse passively is not the same thing as what they want passionately. Some of the op-ed warriors praised Bush for showing "leadership" in going ahead of the polls at an earlier phase, when those polls had shown most Americans reluctant to step up hostilities. Though the later polls swung in his favor. Bush’s support was shallow. His political fate proved that 90 percent verbal approval isn't the same thing as 90 percent enthusiasm.
From Clinton's point of view, Nixon’s fate is the worst-case scenario and Bush’s is the best he could hope for. Furthermore, Bush was lucky. Nothing went wrong in his war, and he had enough sense to quit while he was ahead without toppling Saddam Hussein and trying to occupy Iraq, as some hawks had urged.
Right now the elites within the Beltway are eager for war. The cries for "action" against Iraq are deafening. Recently various talk-show panelists, liberal and conservative alike, called for everything from "carpet bombing" (Nina Totenberg of National Public Radio) to "ground troops’’ (William Kristol of The Weekly Standard). Leaders of both parties in Congress want Clinton to act, i.e., attack.
Yet there is no grass-roots pressure for war. Most Americans don't see their own welfare threatened by Saddam Hussein, however they may despise him. The European allies of the U.S. — more precisely, the ruling elites of Europe don’t want war either; they dread the hostility of the Arab masses and the wider Muslim world. And they may be thinking that if Iraq is crippled, Iran will become the dominant power in the Middle East — in which case many of the same American voices who are demanding war with Iraq now will demand war with Iran later. Some of them have already named Iran as our chief
Joseph Sobran
joked about his premarital adventures in a pickup truck.
If Clinton had a presidential motto, it would be the '60s slogan “Make love, not war." The slogan implies a stunted version of “love" as recreational sex. But that is the point of the sexual revolution of which Clinton is both advocate and exemplar.
Recreational sex requires the availability, and legitimation, of abortion. This is where the sexual revolution and feminism converge. In fact most sexual revolutionaries, including Hugh Hefner himself, are big on "women’s rights," by which they chiefly mean the right to abort, right up to the moment of birth. The Playboy male, after all, is hardly inconvenienced by legal abortion; it's just what he wants. The key to both the sexual revolution and women's “liberation" is the destruction of the traditional responsibilities of men and women alike.
Clinton, the first baby boomer president, is a charter member of the ‘60s generation — the generation that, assured of its own wisdom and “liberation" from tradition, was insouciant enough to throw it all away. For him there is no such thing as ancestral wisdom. A rootless man from a troubled home in a gambling town, he attaches a peculiar authority to trcndincss, and he habitually associates the past with "prejudice" and “hate" — which he, of course, fearlessly opposes. His moral rhetoric is the platitudinous patter of a complete opportunist.
The character, displayed in his ingeniously unscrupulous fundraising efforts is also the character of his sexual conduct.
For all his rattling hypocrisy. Clinton has found one area where he has been able to adapt his avowed principles to his actual practice. He wants to enact the New Morality into legislation. This is what his presidency will most deserve to be remembered for; his desire to make his own vices normative lor the whole nation.
Someday he may have his own Seymour Hersh. a biogra-pher who will disclose that Clinton actually had a coherent, albeil secret, foreign policy. This shocking revelation will no doubt be justified on grounds that Clinton's foreign policy had
a direct impact on his sex life.
enemy.
How many enemies do we want? We have the power to make an unlimited number, provoking terrorist retaliation in the short run and who knows what in years to come. And to what end? American military domination of the globe? Why is that desirable? What could it cost us?
As with Vietnam, the hawks are making it as awkward as possible for a president to behave with discretion and restraint. They threaten him with charges of cowardice if he retreats, while offering redemption if he attacks.
The real question is whether Clinton will have the guts to endure being called a coward by people whose courage is measured by their willingness to send others to die.
# 1997 Unfvint! P/999 Syndicate
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
By Elizabeth Howard Washington Correspondent
Oh, the Mystery!
The Senate Governmental Affairs Committee just can't figure out what happened to the second page of presidential Counsel Charles Ruff's April 28, 1997, memo to the agency that taped all of I those fundraising coffees. The committee's subpoenaed copy doesn’t contain the page that supposedly ordered the White House I Communications Agency (WHCA) to turn over any tapes, a message which Ruff claims was ignored and led to “inadvertent" concealment of the tapes’ existence for six months. The press has hardly mentioned it, but the head of the WHCA says he never received any such memo. Bumbling committee Chairman Fred Thompson, R-TN, mused about obstruction of justice and wound up in an ugly shouting match with Carl Levin, D-MI, one of Clinton’s most ardent defenders on the panel.
The Perjured President
The discovery of a 1982 cashier’s check for $27,600, payable to Bill Clinton, prompted convicted Whitewater felon James McDougal to publicly accuse the president of lying under oath. “It certainly proves the chief executive perjured himself when he said he never obtained a loan from Madison Guaranty," McDougal observed, referring to Clinton’s sworn testimony at his trial.
McDougal, a Whitewater partner with Bill and Hillary Clinton, was also asked about the Clintons' insistence that they were passive investors in the land scheme. “I*ve never known the Clintons to be passive about anything," he said.
Anything for Money
Attorney General Janet Reno has further delayed appointment of a special prosecutor for Intenor Secretary Bruce Babbitt, who is accused of denying a Chippewa Indian tribe application for a casino in return for contributions from mnl tribes. According to Paul Eckstein, a law school classmate and longtime friendt Babbitt admitted in 1995 that other tribes with gaming interests were ready to give $500,000 if the casino application was turned down, and that White House deputy chief of staff Harold ick.es “had directed him to issue the decision that day" Jr “became very clear to me that political pressure was being brought to bear," Eckstein told the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee.
According to Sen. Bob Smith. R-NH, committee Republicans will recommend perjury charges against Clinton administration officials, including Babbitt and Ickea, who "couldn’t remember" details of the decision.
Pathological Behavior	^*'*
Lying for political reasons is understandable if not excusable, but Bill Clinton apparently would rather lie than tell the truth about even inconsequential subjects. Defending himself against popular comedic characterizations of him as a fast-food junkie, he recently told a TV interviewer "1 haven't eaten at McDonald's a ungk lime since I've been president ” An aide later admitted that Clinton had had coffee at the fast food chain, but had not “eaten" there, so he “told the truth." No mention was made of his eating McDonald's meals that others brought to him.
Utterly Shameless


la aa October proclamation observing National Character Counts Week, Bill uu*' ik(ed) lhai all Am ericaas demonstrate in their personal and public ta, aad teach actively to our country's children, (he high ethical standards that essential to good character"
Pining Site

■ nilc Rock is considering h
\ River Market District as a location for the may rename Markham Street as Clinton Avenue
Innocent and Ignorant
M W	
	
	
	
	
Yuu lake yuy flul	give to QNC tin
	
	
4afl to Hillary Clinton, admitted before a 50.000 political coninbuiiofl at tlie While1
thin donor Johnny Chung “kept saying,
‘ of arranging for Chung lo meat with both H q itly in a deposi >n to the
Rap. Bob Mm, H Ga. $ tumor fndarai fat Justice Department to open a criminal investJjc
utur. said he would ask the iiion into Williams' acceptance of
Cooperation, Clinton-Style
After a seemingly endless stream of proclamations about its cooperation with investigators, a memo withheld by the White House has been uncovered more than a year after it was subpoenaed. The document establishes Bill Clinton's personal desire that the White House data base, funded with taxpayer dollars, be integrated with the Democratic National Committee's fundraising data base, a violation of federal law.
“Someone made the decision to conceal this evidence," declared Rep. David McIntosh of the note’s discovery, and called it “a very serious case of lying to Congress, possibly even obstruction of justice."
A second memo, which suggested other illegal activities, bore a hand-written note by Mrs. Clinton which called the proposals “promising."
And, a year after its selling of the Lincoln Bedroom to political donors was revealed, the Clintonites still refuse to provide information on the number of overnight stays. "(W)e have obtained no records from the White House (on this matter)," says the General Accounting Office, which attempted to determine how much the government spent to entertain political guests.
The GOP-controlled Congress remains hopelessly outwitted and outnumbered by President Clinton and AG Janet Reno over the appointment of an independent prosecutor to investigate White House crimes. A party that cannot oust a crooked and corrupt opponent doesn’t deserve to rule.


¥*>■ .
Si; ''/
WmW

HIE CURE FOR MDS
Pm* 24
Middle American News
' JANUARY, 1*998
Clinton's ‘Anti-hate’Campaign Totalitarian in Concept
R\ Samuel Francis
What would racial reconciliation, really amount to if you didn't use it to enhance the powers of the state and indict some old-fashioned, unreconciled punishment on those who just don't get the message? While President Clinton and his commission on race had been dangling the canot of racial reconciliation in various speeches and interviews for some months, in November the president at last pulled out the slick.
At a conference on “hate crimes” at George Washington University, Mr. Clinton spelled out what will be done with those who won't be reconciled by fessing up to their own “racism” He proposes that American schools start mandatory “diversity teaching” to overcome the hatred kids supposedly learn from their parents, that federal hate crimes be expanded, and that a “national hate crimes network” be established to keep tabs on just how much we really do hate. All in all, it was a pretty good week for hatred.
The latest hate crisis comes straight out of the nightmarish vision of American society that possesses the Clinton administration. In that nightmare, the entire culture is suffused with hatred. “Children have to be taught to hate.” the president preached to the audience, and presumably the need for anti-hatred classes in the schools means that parents are leaching their children to hate — blacks, Jews, foreigners, women, homosexuals, the handicapped. Who says the Clintoniles lack faith in America?
Bin while the whole nation is being cranked up to form a mass lynch mob against “hatred” it might be well to stop and think what the concept of a “hate crime” really involves.
In the first place, by making certain kinds of attacks on certain kinds of people federal crimes, the concept is a jolly way of expanding federal law enforcement powers even further at a time when those powers are already far too large. In the second place, such laws arguably violate the I4di Amendment's guarantee of equal protection of the law: Some people are being protected more than others, and some lawbreakers are being punished more than other lawbreakers for essentially the same offense. In the third place} the essence of the concept of a hate crime is unalaurian.
It is usatnanm because n seeks to punish motive — that is. the thoughts, attitudes and emotions that lead a person to commit an action — rather than the action itself. This is precisely what totalitarian states tike those of Stalin and Mao Tsetung sought to do, and it is what dttuaguishes their particular contribution to the high science of tyranny.
Mou stales, tyrannical or free, have been content with controlling conduct. Even in most tyrannies of the past, you could think what you wanted, but if you challenged the power of the state, you got clobbered. The same is true in free societies: it doesn’t matter why you assault, rape, rob or murder. What matters as far as the law is concerned is what you do, not why you do it
But the “hate crimes” concept is qualitatively different The crime commuted (assault killing, etc.) is illegal anyway, but by adding penalties to the crime merely because of the motive, the state is criminalizing the motive — that is, the thought It is the criminalization of motive that makes the concept of “hate crimes” equivalent in principle m totalitarian brainwashing.
Even the trappings of totalitarianism were present during the president’s appearance at the conference. One speaker was a Jewish woman named Tammie Schnitzer, whose family was supposedly subjected to anti-Semitic attacks in Billings, Mont Mrs. Schnitzer told ihe conference, need to understand that this isn’t a children's issue. Wt have children that we educate in our school systems, and then they home and hear racial jokes from their parents. I have to teach my grandparents first, before I can leach my kids”
Now wnh all due impact to Mrs. Schnitzer, it's doubtful die really has much to leach her grandparents about hatred But Ihe larger point is that what she is proposing, and whgi Mr. Cbmon agrees with, is the totalitarian device of enliahsg children to enforce die new orthodoxy on parents, a device developed to perfection by the aforesaid Stalin and Mao. In the New Order, you aae, there can be no home. no family, no privacy that is exempt hmn the prying and poking of die ommpmaeni suit*
Wnb tba umcdiag of die president's new adMaeid campaign, tfaf mask has fallen from the real face of Mr Ointon's growing obsession with race What wc can now plainly sac behind the mask has nothing to do with hatred, or race, or reconciliation, because even the thought of resistance would be a thought crime.
Free Trade Means Sending U.S. Wealth Abroad
Now we know what “free trade” means. It has taken several years to flesh out the definition since the passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement made it a household expression. But now that we are confronted with the Asian financial flu, we can sec that free trade means forcing the American taxpayers to bail out bad loans to and by foreigners.
The free-trade advocates were humiliated recently when South Korea, which has been extravagantly touted as a “glittering economic success,” announced that it is seeking a bailout from the International Monetary Fund of $20 billion immediately, and an additional open line of credit expected to bring the total to more than $60 billion. That would surpass the previous record of $48 billion, which the IMF committed to Mexico three years ago.
Some analysts (including the chief economist at Zurich Kemper Investments) are predicting that South Korea will need up to $100 billion to avert an economic meltdown. South Korean banks and companies owe an estimated $110 billion to foreign lenders, more that three times their capital resources, with $20 billion due by Dec. 31, and more that $60 billion due within the next 12 months.
Buried deep in The New York Times news account is the key to why the Clinton administration is rushing to the rescue. If Korea gets the money, it will be “used primarily to help distressed banks repay debts they owe.”
And to whom do Korea's “distressed banks”, owe those billions? Some are Japanese banks, but you can bet that the giant U.S.
banks and multinationals are deeply	pin+jJJj cv C^» Z* f/vffii
involved, the same ones that are such	1 fVWW	V
enthusiastic advocates of “free trade.”
When Mom and Pop’s business goes bankrupt, they are told: those are the breaks; the wonderful free market gives you the opportunity to succeed or fail. But when big banks make bad investments, they get the politicians in both parties and the media-elite editorial writers to demand that the taxpayers cover their losses.
The free-trade advocates refuse to live by the exigencies of the free market. They demand foreign trade subsidized by the U.S. taxpayers, both directly and through the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Export-Import Bank, the Asian Development Fund, assorted other regional lending outfits and, of course, the Overseas Private Investment Corp.
* Bill Clinton’s spokesman, U.S. Assistant Secretary of Treasury for International Affairs Timothy Geithner, has already told the Korean government that the administration intends to “support” South Korea in getting whatever it needs. The IMF delegation will soon arrive in South Korea and the handouts are expected to start arriving in three or four weeks.
How did South Korea plunge so dramatically from mighty miracle to pleading pauper? The South Korean banks indulged in reckless lending to companies favored by the ruling regime, without regard to profitability, not only in South Korea and elsewhere in Asia, but even in Latin America and Eastern Europe.
Korean industries overexpanded, overborrowed and built many more factories than they needed. Massive debt has engulfed many of South Korea's industrial giants, the ones that ship us those low-priced goods that drive American workers out of jobs.
So, South Korea has suffered a string of corporate bankruptcies. Eight big companies have gone under this year. South Korea’s currency has fallen 20 percent against the dollar in 1997.
Now we can see Southeast Asia's domino theory in action. When the Asian disease started in the summer in Thailand, the IMF rushed in with a transfusion of $3 billion. But that didn’t cure the problem.
By November, the epidemic had moved to Indonesia, and the IMF gave it $7 billion. Without any by-your-leave from Congress, and regrettably without any protest from the Republican leadership, Clinton just gave Indonesia $3 billion of U.S. funds.
The epidemic shows no signs of slowing. Japan's financial system is teetering, and one of its largest brokerage houses has just gone belly^p.
China's banking system is awash in bad loans to state-owned enterprises. The lending procedure seems to be based on corruption driven by politics and personal connections. V jBkl'
Some economists warn that the cost of these Asian rescue efforts is so huge the international community may not be able to dig up enough money to finance them. Some analysts think it would be a terrible mistake to give lenders, investors and foreign government officials the idea that, no matter how foolishly they behave. Uncle Sap will save them.
South Korea's politicians arc apologizing on television for the financial crisis. One said, "We'll have to sacrifice our economic sovereignty in return for an IMF bailout ”
The question for Americans is, arc we going to sacrifice our right of self-government and let the big U S banks and multinationals decide that American taxpayers must cover the losses of foreigners' stupid loans and Investments?
Phyllis SchUtfly u a lawyer and conservative pohmal analyst
• Copley News Service 1997
Samuel Prom ts is a nationally syndicated columnist # IW7 Tribune Media Services. Inc
Page 23
VlfcWPOfN
S*w\*y\ 1998
Middle American Niws
Conservatives Have No Solutions for America’s Problems
ll has lost its soul and become a pale imitation
By Charlie Reese
political conservatism in America is impotent, of liberalism.
There is no problem finding out what conservatives don’t like, but what has killed it as a political movement is that they don’t know what they do like. They have no vision. They have no aaswrrs They cannot explain, in coherent language, what kind of society they would like to see or what kind of government people ought to have.
An indicator of this is how often conservatives speak in relative and comparative terms. They sav (ho want less government regulation or lower taxes or less control in Washington. All of those exfvrssions concede the liberal point — that government has the right to regulate, tax and control any and all aspects of our lives Conservatives have reduced themselves to quibbling over the details of limitless, centralized government power.
Americans are worried about uncontrolled immigration and its economic and cultural impacts. What’s the conservative answer? Nothing.
Americans are concerned about the poor to nonexistent education too many children receive in government schools. What’s the conservative answer? Let the federal government subsidize the middle class with vouchers.
How far do they think they can go with a policy that asks one class of people to go on the government dote while abandoning another class of people to a bad fate? And is their self-centered voucher constituency so dumb that it doesn't realize that citizens will be taxed to pay for the vouchers and taxed to pay for the schools they don’t want their children to attend?
Americans are concerned about the growth of public debts. What’s the conservative answer? Vbte for more government spending than even Bill Clinton asked for.
Americans are annoyed by an overly complex tax code? What was the conservative answer?
Make it more complex.
Americans are worried about the hemorrhaging of jobs to overseas sweatshops? What’s the conservative answer? To advocate trade and corporate subsidy policies that would cost more jobs and Io prelend to the American people that China and other countries aren’t practicing protectionism.
Americans are worried about agriculture, and what is the conservative answer? Nothing. Conservatives open the borders to foreign imports, which further drive down farm prices, and they refuse to address the unfair practices of middlemen in the food chain whose actions result in the fanner being paid a low price and the consumer being forced to pay a high price.
I could go on with a long list of problems that conservatives have no solutions for. The only difference between them and liberals is. who gets to distribute the patronage. Conservatives have became office seekers, not leaders. They are interested in making points in an increasingly self-absorbed partisan gotcha game, but they seem to have no interest at all in offering the American people real solutions for real problems and a different vision of the future.
The more I’ve thought about it, the more I’ve come to realize that public ip«hy should not be condemned. It is a sign that the public is intelligent sough to realize that the political parties offer nothing that would warrant my excitement or interest. Politicians in both parties today, with rare!
Exceptions, do not even communicate to the American people, rhey just propagandize them.
The socialism of liberal and the abject corporatism of conservatives are creating a political vacuum in a time of discontent when the perception is growing that the kind of life Americans traditionally believe they and their children are entitled to have is being destroyed.
Vacuums, in such circumstances, can be dangerous.
© 1997 King Features Syndicate

— QO£l
MHATSTUE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN JANET RENO AND A SECRET SERVICE AGENT?
TWINES a SECRET SERVICE AGENT MIGHT MOT DO TO PROTECT THE PRESIDENT.
Where to Write
Readers who want to reach the columnists carried by Middle American News should write to them at the addresses below:
Charley Reese King Features Syndicate 235 East 45th St.
New York, New York 10017
Joseph Sobran or Georgia Anne Geyer Universal Press Syndicate 4520 Main Street Kansas City, Missouri 64111
Samuel Francis Tribune Media Services 435 N. Michigan Avenue Suite 1500
Chicago, Illinois 60611
Paul Craig Roberts or
Pat Buchanan
Creators Syndicate
5777W. Century Blvd., Suite 700
Los Angeles, CA 90045

pe
Ce',ve^|ft'

G
W
Subscribe now for only $15.00
AND GET THIS IMPORTANT NEW BOOK
ABSOLUTELY FREE!
MIDDLE
AMERICAN}
D YES! Enter my one-year (12 issues) risk-free subscription to Middle American News at the bargain subscription rate of only $15.00, and send me the free book, Revolution from the Middle by Samuel Francis, Ph.D. I understand I may cancel within four months for a full refund, and I can keep my free copy of Revolution from the Middle.
| 2 year-Enclosed is my check or money order for $27.00.
I understand I may cancel within four months for a full refund, and I can keep my free copy of Revolution from the Middle.
I J6 months'Enclosed is my check or money order for $9.00 for 8 six-month trial subscription, a $3.00 savings off the newsstand pnce I understand that I will not receive a free copy of Revolution from the Middle
Nome___
Address
Cftv/Stata
flpCodi______
I Ctock tort if this is a renewal
Mail to
Hlfi rp
Subscription Department
Raleigh, MC 27111
I
I


Samuel F
ranch
2s°-page book,
n" iiiirtir^" -Ipta
Samuel Francis argues that Middle Americans must adopt an insurgent, rather than a conservative strategy. Ol course, we want to conserve our culture, our way ot lite, and the customs and values that distinguish us as Americans. But, says Francis, we must understand that the dominant social and political elites in the U.S. today "not only do nothing to conserve what most ot us regard as our traditional way ot lite but actually seek its destruction or are inditterent to its survival. It our culture is going to be conserved, ] need to dethrone the dominant authorities that threaten it."
Francis is right. The task lacing Middle Americans today is to organize our triends, neighbors, relatives, and co-workers in every community across the country into a sell-conscious and seit-contident insurgent torce dramatic social and political change. Allies y say we need to ‘conserve’ the status quo ar working Horn a flawed analysis. They need thkibook.
I
I
*48 Fill out this order form and mail it right
I
p0/44»icMAN 8gfry,no(xtdlcfltoorl)imia(xmioo^tof Mem	111 MMke to HH1H *** and you book
i
i
DON'T DEU