Published Monthly by We the People Institute, Inc., P.O. Box 17088, Raleigh, North Carolina 27619
9-11 Funds Funnelled to Allen Advocates
Page 3




££11
mionths




m


VZ

rXSSX'W-
RaT



JBgsgg
r*»
Gus Sfe/zer; £os/i
Hypocritical
on China
| Pag* 5 _____
I Kidnapping Is New	I
Mexican Growth I Industry
_Pag« 4___ I





rfK
E
-}


■r
>■—f

<
V

’X	
	s I
	
V’	
	
-k


I Phyllle Bchalfly:
Does America Have a Future?
i Pag# It_	___ ______ _____ ______
limuil Francle:
The Real Danger l» Ignored
Page ft
PageJ
Mcou American News
Six Months After 9-11, U.S. Borders Still Wide Open to Immigration

America’s Vulnerable Borders
Six wwHfto after the criminal attacks of September II. America* elites have meyle*Ted ft> implement some basic security measures. Herr is how U.S. political leaders have left the America* people most vulnerable.
The Stale Department does not conduct background checks on women and men over 45 coming from Middle Eastern countries.
U.S continues to admit tens of thousands of foreign ‘students' -including thousands from Muslim countries—without any national system to keep track of them. Universities who want foreign money have lobbied strenuously in Congress against any tracking system.
Secretary of Transportation Norman Minetta. who still nurses resentment against whites for U.S. treatment of Asians during World War II. refuses to let security personal use race or ethnicity as a factor in aiocating scarce investigatory resources to ferret out potential terrorists at airports.
The U.S. has only 8.000 border patrol personnel, even though studies show that at least 16,000 border patrol agents are needed at the Southwest border alone. So far. Congress has refused to significantly bolster the number of border guards.
Congress steadfastly refuses to reduce the number of immigration visas handed out almost at random throughout the world. More than 1.5 million immigrants move to the U.S. each year, establishing a network of foreign language colonies across the country where terrorist ceMs hide and operate with impunity, insulated from law enforcement.
How to Read Your
Mailing Label
Subscribers — The date on the sample below shows when your subscription expires:
Non-subscribers - If your label says
“complimentary,” you must subscribe to continue receiving Middle American News. Use the handy order form on the back cover to mall your subscription todayl
<---------------------------------  s
Six months after the criminal attacks of Sept. 11, America's borders are still wide open, a national disgrace so apparent that even some public officials are willing to admit it, including the man charged by President Bush with coordinating homeland defense.
At a conference last month in Washington. D.C., Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge admitted the U.S. is disturbingly vulnerable and complained that there is no “direct line of accountability” for government agencies charged with protecting Americans. The borders with Canada and Mexico are still “pretty vulnerable,” Ridge admitted.
Some security has been tightened, but most of the new measures are too little and too late. Already, some 300,000 criminal aliens ordered deported have simply disappeared into the general population because the agency charged with enforcing immigration laws doesn't have the manpower, budget, or leadership to undertake its legal responsibilities. During the Clinton administration in a publicly-announced decision that no one in Congress or the executive branch sought to challenge, the Immigration and Naturalization Service simply decided to abandon efforts to find and apprehend illegal aliens hiding inside the U.S. It also unilaterally decided not to enforce the legal prohibition on businesses hiring illegals.
Last month President George W. Bush ordered 1,600 National Guard troops to help customs inspectors search a small percentage of the millions of cars and trucks that enter the U.S. every day, but U.S. political elites still refuse to put the military on patrol duty at the border.
The “National Guard*’ doesn't really guard the nation at all. Along 4,000 miles of land border, the nation is really guarded by just 8,000 Border Patrol agents, even though studies show the U.S. needs at least 16,000 agents along the Southwest border alone.
In fact, no coordinated effort to protect the border from penetration by terrorists and illegal alien criminals has been put into effect. At embassies and consulates around the world, the U.S. State Department still hires foreign nationals to hand out millions of visas like the kind used by the Sept. 11 criminals. Although rudimentary background checks are finally being conducted on some young male visitors from terror-exporting countries in the Middle East, Congress has imposed no new restrictions on the number of easy-to-get visas, and America's dangerously lax asylum system remains unreformed.
In addition, no system exists for tracking foreigners who arrive with student or tourist visas, and Congress has imposed no new restrictions on them.
Apart from approving new laws that grant extensive powers to the police to spy on Americans, Congress has passed no new measures to improve border or airport se-
Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-CO, says “powerful forces" are blocking efforts to tighten immigration security.
curity, except to make airport security personnel federal employees.
Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-CO, lamented that the U.S. still doesn't have a system in place to track millions of immigrant visa holders. “We do not have a system.” he said. “We don't, in fact, want one. It's an illusion.”
Tancredo, who chairs the recently created Immigration Reform Caucus in the House, said that the government lacks the will needed to enforce even the immigration laws already on the books.
“Incredibly powerful forces” are blocking any measures to protect Americans from runaway immigration, he said. Democrats want immigrants because they tend to vote Democrat, and Republicans want immigrants to please big business demands for cheap labor, he said.
Security Director Ridge does not have authority to compel agencies to enforce the law, even if he wanted to.
Ridge deflects criticism away from political elites and onto federal agencies, saying that bureaucratic “turf* wars between the INS, Customs Service, Border Patrol and Coast Guard may be standing in the way of a centralized coordination to improve security for the U.S.
“Obviously no agency that has been part of that discussion thinks it is a very good idea,” he told a luncheon meeting of reporters from the Washington Post. “If you asked me today who is responsible for the borders. I’d say to you in response, ‘What part of the borders?' 1 just think it makes sense to have more accountability to the president and ultimately more accountability to the Congress.”
But so far President Bush has not asked Congress to provide that authority to Ridge, and Congress itself has not offered it.
Moving? Please be sure to notify us of your change of addroos In advance! Tho Post Office will not automatically forward M.A.News to your now address, nor notify us that you moved.
March 2002
Page 3
Middle American News
Money Raised by Sept. 11 Fund Funnelled to Allen Advocacy Groups
America’s outpouring of generostity to help the victims of the Sept. 11 terror attacks Is being cruelly exploited by left-wing groups that support increased immigration.
By Waver Lutton
In the wake of the September 11* terrorist attacks on the Worid Tilde Center and the Pentagon. Americans gave hundreds of millions of dollars to groups promising to distribute assistance to victims. But professional charitable organizations, such as the American Red Cross Liberty Fund, which raised over $564 million, have come under fire for not delivering enough of the money lo actual victims and their families
The September 11th Fund, a project of United Way of New York, collected $438 million as of 1/28/2002 and only distributed $160 million by the end of Janu-ary. Unfortunately, not ail of that money went to attack victims and their dependents. Unbelievably, a series of grants have gone to nonprofit advocates for far Left and ‘'immigrant rights" causes. The propriety of this was first questioned by the National Legal & Policy Center of Falls Church, VA. which supports ethics and accountability in government, when they pointed out that “the September \\* Fund has taken the dollars of Americans who sought to help the victims of terrorism and has given money to groups that have fought and continue to fight the government’s efforts to prevent future terrorist attacks.”
Joshua Gotbaum, executive director of the September 11* Fund, sought to defuse the situation by assuring donors to the "Tribute to Heroes” telethon that their money had not gone to advocacy groups. In a confuting nent, he said that large foundations, ffy Mating the Fold Foundation, made donations to the September 11* Fund and earmarked the money for various organizations. Why the September 11 * Fund would allow money to be channeled through them to highly political organizations under the guise of “victim relief* Mr. Gotbaum has nut disclosed.
A visit to the September 11* Fund website (www.uwnyc.org/; sepll/) confirms that the Fund has indeed made grants lo “community organizations” whose agendas appear to be in conflict with the interests of terror victims. These grants include;
- Legal Aid Society of New York—$171,000
This was a special grant made last October. According to The Wall Street Journal, die Le-
gal Aid Society has been providing free civil legal assistance to eight people detained after the attack as security risks by the Immigration & Naturalization Service for violation of immigration law.
-	New York Immigration Coalition—$850,000
This is an umbrella advocacy organization for 200 groups in New York State that works with newcomers—legal and illegal, refugees, and asylees. After the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, the NYIC opposed modest Clinton Administration proposals to stop immigration document fraud. The September 11* Fund states that they gave two grants to NYIC to “assist them in helping immigrants obtain access to relief assistance...Many of those affected are immigrants whose status limits their eligibility for some forms of government assistance.” In other words, they are illegal aliens who should not be in the United States in the first place and who are
likely subject to deportation.
— Arab American Family Support Center—$60,000
This organization addresses the “social service” needs of Arab immigrants in NYC. AAFSC has opposed law enforcement officials repotting on federal immigration violations as part of their investigation into the September 11* terrorist attacks.
—	Asian American Legal Defense & Education Fund—$30,000
Founded in 1974, its priorities include “immigrant rights,” “affirmative action”, “language rights” and “racial justice for South Asian Americans.” AMLDEF has a special Post-9-/ll project to fight “racial
profiling, immigration detainment and other forms of discrimination.” The September 11* Fund reports that they gave this grant to “provide free legal assistance and information to victims of hate violence” following the attack. How this is supposed to help actual victims of terrorism is not clear.
—	Alianza Dominicana—
$20,000
To provide “counseling and other services” to Dominicans from the Washington Heights district; many are illegal aliens.
—	Independent Press Association—$81,500
Led by Abby Sher, the grant was supposed to help cover the costs of providing information and news “in languages understood by citizens from 56 different countries...IPA also promoted better awareness of Middle Eastern politics and culture....”
—	Liberty Center for Immigrants—$ 10,000
This was to provide “emergency assistance** to immigrants
from Guyana, many of them illegals living in the Richmond Hill section of Queens. Since September 11*, they have complained of “anti-immigrant bias incidents.”
The September ll,h attacks were committed by Middle Eastern criminal aliens who took advantage of our lax immigration laws to enter the United States and engage in terrorism against Americans. Yet left-wing “charitable” organizations are being given free reign by authorities to take advantage of the public’s grief and good will to funnel donations to pro-immigration advocacy groups.
(-------- ^
U.S. Not Tracking Allen Students
U.S. officials admit they have no idea how to locate some 547,000 foreigners in the U.S. who were admitted with “student” visas. They don’t know where they live, or even what school they attend, or if indeed they are really attending school at all.
Despite promises to tighten controls on student visas like the ones used by some of the criminal aliens in the Sept. 11 attacks, a computer system to track foreign students that was ordered six years ago is still not operational.
Even if it does get up and running within the next year, immigration officials told the New York Times that “there will not be enough enforcement agents to check on all of the visa violators...”
The Times reported that implementing the system will likely face even more delays, despite the urgency of America's security needs. “Colleges that sec foreign students as a lucrative market are raising concerns about how the system will be paid for and operated, and their objections could delay it even further,” the paper said.
v_________________________________________________________  y
NEWSBRIEFS ,
L_____ .	 J
f	\
More Breaks for Illegals
Illegal aliens will get a break on tuition costs at the University of California under a plan approved by the university system’s Board of Regents. Left-wingers hope the move will benefit big business. “Talk what you will about their status,” said Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante, a member of the board, “the reality is, industries could not survive without the back-breaking work these people and their parents do.”
Ihition costs for state residents are significantly lower than for non-residents. Until now, illegals paid the same higher rate as anyone else from out-of-state. The regents’ new plan lowers the tuition rate for illegal aliens from $15,000 to $4,000. U.S. citizens from other states are not eligible for the deal, even if they sneak into California like the aliens did.
One board member is surprised at this latest manifestation of America’s new culture. “Now we’re telling the whole world, just come in illegally and we will give you a good education. I don’t understand that.” said baffled regent David Lee.
Diversity Follies
In Florida. Broward (County) School Board member Darla Carter learned how dangerous it is to express concern for the health of children exposed to Third World immigrants arriving in the U.S. unscreened. Hispanic leaders in the area said they planned to stage a protest against her after she wondered aloud at a board meeting whether immigrant children in the schools were current on immunizations.
“...[TJhere are so many kids coming in, especially in the southern part of the county. Are we protecting all our children?" she asked. Jose “Pepe” Lopez, president of the local Hispanic Chamber of Commerce was furious. “We want her to watch her mouth, period. You know how traumatized any of the kids who read that could be?” he said. “We elected her to take care
In nitalldon. jr
demanded an
Guns Save Lives
The corporate press didn’t say much about it, but the widely publicized shooting spree at the Appalachian School of Law in Grundy, Virginia, was stopped because a brave student had his own handgun. Peter Odighizuwa, a Nigerian immigrant, allegedly shot and killed three people at the school. When student Tracy Bridges saw the shooting, he and a friend crept down a stairwell to the parking lot where they retrieved Bridges' gun from his car. They then confronted and subdued the accused gunman who had walked out onto the front lawn of the school.
ACLU Seeks Brainwashing Order
The ACLU, which spent much of the last four months trying to stifle the FBI investigation of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack, is now pursuing lawsuits on behalf of Muslims who don’t like being scrutinized at U.S. airports. In Chicago the Leftist lawyers are suing on behalf of a woman bom in the U.S. of Pakistani parents who claims she was searched at O'Hare International Airport just because she’s a Muslim.
The lawsuit seeks not only damages against the National Guard and a private security firm, but also seeks a federal court order requiring security personnel to undergo ideological sensitivity training to prevent them from suspecting that Muslims might be terrorists.
A Monumental Apartment
The Montgomery, Alabama, apartment where Rosa Parks once lived has been declared a national historic site. According to the National Register of Historic Places, the apartment is being recognized because of its symbolic significance. The Montgomery Housing Authority says that's where Parks was going on her famous bus ride. Parks, who recently signed a statement from the far left Institute for Policy Studies
Continued on page 4
ie4
Middle American News
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from page 3
denouncing America's war on terrorists in Afghanistan* is now 88, living in the dying city of Detroit.
Convenient Altruism
In New York City, Judge Lawrence McKenna ruled that the city's prohibition against letting people camp out on public sidewalks “does not apply to entranceways” of a midtown Manhattan church. Police had reportedly threatened to arrest street bums who were sleeping on the steps of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church. The church filed suit against the city to prevent any arrests, according to news reports. The litigious Presbyterian ministers could have saved themselves a lot in legal fees simply by inviting the bums to sleep at home with them. But their concern for the homeless operates only as long as the public, and not themselves, are the ones inconvenienced.
Cyrus Vance, Gone
Former Secretary of State Cyrus Vance died in January after a long career selling out the interests of the American people. He helped Communist China achieve normalized relations with the U.S. and the accompanying transfer of technology, played a key role in giving away American control of the Panama Canal after threats of violence from Dictator Torrijos, and opposed military efforts to rescue the 52 Americans taken hostage by racist Muslim hatemongers in Iran during the painful Carter presidency. He died at 84 after succumbing to Alzheimer's disease.
AP’s Priorities
Actual headline for a story from Associated Press by Ocbocah King, moving on the wire January 22nd, 2002: **9-11 Created Problems for Immigrants
Kindly Student Government The student government at Western Washington University in Bellingham, Wash., approved a new $750 scholarship program to be paid out of its own revenues. The scholarships are reserved for criminals who were convicted on drug charges. “The idea is to help people...” said Corey Eichner, student body president
Sorcery in America
In San Antonio, Texas* 20 year-old Delia Ponce was rushed to the hospital suffering bums serious enough to land her in the intensive care unit Her unscheduled visit with healthcare providers was triggered when a magic ceremony conducted by 45 year-old Third World witch doctor Sergio Hinojosa went awry. Politely described as a “folk healer” by the multiculuiralist Associated Press, Hinojosa was helping Ponce win back her ex-boyfriend by igniting an alcohol-based cologne that had been poured over the man’s photograph mixed with a chopped onion in a steel bowl.
Hey* Hey, Ho, Ho - George Washington’s Got to Go Far from being a democratic principle, diversity is simply a disguise used by anti-American racial and cultural groups to hide their emerging hegemony. If you don't believe it, just ask newly elected Brooklyn Borough President Many Markowitz. In January he announced that he would take down the portrait of George Washington that's been hanging in the borough Hall office. Washing*
Continued next page y
r.
Middle American News
\
HubH*had monthly by:
Wt the People Institute, Inc P, O. Box 17088
RaUigli, North Carolina 27619
Printed on recycled paper* Non-toxic ink used in printing.
v	y
U.S. to Admit 70,000 Somali Bantus
The American embassy In Nairobi has confirmed that 70,000 Somali Muslims have been invited to emigrate to the U.S.
By Phil Kent
Consider the irony. On the very week in January a movie opens in American theaters featuring the harrowing tale of a 1993 battle involving U.S. Army Rangers and Delta Force troops trying to capture members of a warlord clan in Somalia, the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi confirms that up to 70,000 Muslim Bantus from Somalia are being processed for admission to the United States!
The very week that President George W. Bush and Republican congressional leaders were watching “Black Hawk Down" by British director Ridley Scott at a political retreat, a boycott of the film was announced by a group of immigrants called the Somali Justice Advocacy Center based in St. Paul, Minn.
In Atlanta, Georgia —r where the local daily newspaper estimates that 10,000 Somali aliens now live —Somali immigrant and radio talk show host Hussein Mohamed whined that the 143-minute film “makes the Somali people look like animals.” (Mohamed refused comment, though, on wire service reports that crowds in several theaters in Somalia’s capital watched a bootlegged version of the movie and wildly cheered scenes when
U.S. helicopters were shot down or Americans were killed by crazed Somali mobs.)
The Somali Justice Advocacy Center complains that the movie “fails to represent the Somali point of view.” What a joke. Unfortunately, though, more anti-Western Moslems will be able to air their “point of view” here — in the United States — if United Nations bureaucrats and soft-headed U.S. embassy officials in Kenya have their way.
According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) office, as reported in the Jan. 21 edition of Nairobi’s “The East African” newspaper, the Bantu Somalis will be resettled in the U.S. because they are being “negatively discriminated” against in their native land. Why some other neighboring African country isn't taking them in is never explained by UNHCR— although Tanzania did announce that it would refuse to accept them.
It is true that refugees have some priority under U.S. immigra-
tion law, and are covered by a 1951 UN Convention that permits people living under extreme conditions to be resettled or granted refugee status without going through rigorous screening. “Small groups of refugees from Rwanda, Burundi, Mozambique, Sudan and Angola have, in the past, been resettled abroad under this program,” says Peter Claussen, the press attache at the U.S. embassy in Kenya. Now he confirms that these Somalis, who fear “persecution” by other ethnic groups, are being interviewed in Nairobi for resettlement in the U.S. Some of their farms have been seized by bandits, Claussen claims.
Facilitating the Bantu Somalis’ ultimate journey to America is a 1999 Clinton administration decision declaring the Somali Bantu a “persecuted group" eligible for admission. Why this designation is now allowed to stand, three years later, is a mystery. After all, there has been no organized Somali government to persecute anyone since before the days of the vYY-fated 1993 American foray. If true, it's sad that “bandits” are attacking these people — but, then again, criminals can attack anyone anywhere on the planet. That shouldn’t mean Uncle Sap has to always welcome the victims.
The admission of all refugees was rightly slowed to a trickle by U.S. authorities after the September 11 terror attack by Moslem radicals on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. Since President Bush repeatedly reminds his countrymen that the U.S. remains at war with terrorists, why should the nation let up its guard by bringing in a potential fifth column of uneducated, unskilled Muslims who share none of this country 's Western values and whose countrymen cheer American deaths when watching “Black Hawk Down”?
A bipartisan group in Congress, the House Immigration Reform Caucus, lists several legislative goals for the current session — among them the reduction of generous legal immigration limits and steps to tighten border security. It is clear, us evidenced by this potential new influx of Moslem Somalis* that Congress and the Bush administration must turn its attention to reform a soft-headed “persecuted refugee'‘ policy that makes no sense in relation to America's post-Sept. 11 future.
Kidnapping Emerges as
Major Business in Mexico
Small-time kidnapping by village and urban gangs is now a major enterprise in Mexico where even the police are making big money getting in on the action.
Kidnapping American tourists and businessmen emerged as a significant economic activity inside President Bush's favorite trading partner during the 1990's when the practice was dominated mostly by professional criminal organizations. They routinely researched their targeted victims’ backgrounds before abducting them. But today, most kidnappings are conducted by looser groups, drug gangs, and small-time operators who sometimes demand ransoms as low as a few hundred dollars.
Kidnapping is regarded by many as just a way to make a few extra bucks on the side.
“Many of those responsible already have a life, a job, or a business,” one crime analyst told the Miami Herald. “But they just see this as a way to get rich...”
Associated Press reported that in December, seven law students - several of whom were volunteer workers in the state prosecutor's office - were arrested in Tijuana for allegedly kidnapping a 12-year-old girl in a marketplace. ‘They planned to collect $150,000 to cover university fees,” AP reported.
Mexico's notoriously corrupt police are heavily involved, too. “It is estimated that 60 percent to 80 percent of all kidnappings involve current or former police officials, who either extort kidnappers or work directly with them,” said an AP report.
'There is a high level of impunity,” said Miguel Arroyo, a spokesman for a citizens group, Mexico United Against Crime, “it's a huge business."
Continued next page
White House Hypocritical on China
Iraq, Iran, and North Korea, are the 1axis of evil1 for developing weapons of mass destruction, say U.S. leaders. But Communist China, whose nuclear missiles are aimed at the U.S., gets a free pass because of big business interests.
By Gus R. Stelzer
In his Stair of the Union address. President George W, Bush accused Iraq. Iran, and North Korea of being an “evil axis that possesses and threatens other nations with weapons of mass destruction.**
The odor of hypocrisy that saturates this accusation surely fails to pass the smell test
1 have no love for, nor do I speak for Iraq. Iran, or North Korea. But one thing is certain: There is no credible evidence that these nations threaten our national security in a way that merits a declaration of war against them by the president. Besides, under the U.S. Constitution, only Congress is authorized to declare war, and then only when another nation has initiated a “belligerent act** against the U.S. The UN and NATO charters set similar limitations.
Lest anyone suggest that Iraq and Saddam Hussein initiated a “belligerent act*' against the U.S., be reminded that the U.S. initiated military action against Iraq after our ambassador, April Glaspie, informed Hussein we would not interfere in an Iraqi attempt to take back territory that had been taken from them by the British military to form the puppet kingdom of Kuwait. The 13 had no legitimate reason to start a war against Iraq. Its real purpose was to protect Wall Street banking interests in the Middle East, including access to Arabian oil . In other words, it was all about money, and had
nothing to do with U.S. national security or safeguarding our borders.
There is, however, one other nation that does possess the ultimate in “weapons of mass destruction*' that are aimed directly at us, and whose defense minister has stated that41‘war against the United States is inevitable.” That nation is Communist China.
But President Bush made no mention of China in his State of the Union address. Instead, just barely two weeks before the speech, he granted permanent Most-Favored-Nation trade status to China, in spite of the fact that the U.S. has suffered more than $400 billion in trade deficits with China since the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, reaching an annual level exceeding $80 billion in each of the last two years. Each year since 1989, Congress and the White House (no matter who occupied it), in a fit of stunning hypocrisy granted favored trade status to China on the condition that the Reds would clean up their human rights violations -
which they never did.
Through the loophole of trade policy, the U.S. is giving China more than $125 billion a year in what amounts to foreign aid. That helps the America-hating Communists expand their economy at a rate three times greater than our own.
and to build up a military capability, including nuclear bombs and missiles, that are today aimed at us. Indeed, China has already threatened to launch nuclear missiles at our West coast if we intervened in their efforts to seize Taiwan.
Based on a very conservative 4 to 1 ripple multiplier effect ratio, a 40 percent marginal tax rate (the actual rate is over 50 percent), and the generally accepted formula that $80,000 of added GDP -Gross Domestic Product - creates one new job, our trade deficits with China are responsible for the annual loss of at least $320 billion in national income, more than $125 billion in lost tax revenues, and over 4,000,000 American jobs.
At a time when America is experiencing an economic recession and increasing federal budget deficits (which are rooted in flawed trade policies), the inconsistency between Bush’s castigation of Iraq, Iran, and North Korea, while ignoring Red China, reflects .an hypocrisy of the highest magnitude.
The leaders of Iraq, Iran, and Morth Korea are no friends of the
U.S. Bui so for they have never
shut down an American factory, never caused an American worker to lose his job, and never added one dollar to our national debt. But free trade leaders like Bush, Sen. Trent Lott, Rep. Dick Armey, Sen. Phil Gramm, Rep. Dave Drier, and Rep. Phil Crane, et al, who promote the disastrous trade relationship with Communist China, have done those things by the millions - in both lost jobs and lost dollars. In doing so, they caused our federal debt to reach new highs, while exacerbating the polarization between America’s rich and poor -creating a gap that is today wider than at any other time in American history.
In the meantime, the Wall Street crowd in New York cheers for more of the same. The globalists in Congress and the White House, ever grateful for that crowd's campaign contributions and media suppoit, are all too willing to accommodate them.
The stench of hypocrisy is overwhelming.
(Gus Stelzer is u retired senior executive of General Motors Corp.t and author of The Night-mare of Came lot: An Expose of the Tree Trade Trojan Horse, and The State Against Religion: The Case for Equal Protection, avail-able by ordering from I-8O0-9J9-9827.)
Kidnapping from previous page
The danger from kidnapping is so great, Mexican diplomats have warned President Vicente Fox that it threatens foreign business investment and tourism. People are now afraid to visit the country.
Ron Lavender, a 75-year-old real estate investor from Iowa, was kidnapped last June and held for 117 days. New York native Vincent Carrozza, a hotel manager, wsa kidnapped by 10 well-armed men and held for eight days in December.
Getting justice after they are released is very frustrating for kidnap victims. Often, their captors are never found. “The few cases that reach the courts are often handled by corrupt judges who dismiss charges or reduce sentences in exchange for bribes,”
AP reported.
Control Risks Group, a private security company, told Associated Press that there were between 1,700 and 2,200 kidnappings in Mexico last year alone. An attorney and investigator who has represented more than 300 kidnap victims told AP there are 10 kidnappings a day in Mexico - 3,600 a year.
None of those figures, however, include the so-called “express kidnappings” in which the victims - usually white tourists, whom Mexicans think are rich - are held for several hours or just a day or two while forced to withdraw money from ATMs.
Analysts say Mexico's kidnapping rate is now about equal to the rale in Columbia, an almost lawless country virtually overrun by drug gangs. In Columbia last year there were about 2,500 kidnappings.
i fe--..-____------ --	 j
NEWSBRIEFS

Continued from previous page
ton was just an “old white man,” he said. “There’s not one picture of a person of color, not one kid, not one Latin. Borough Hall should reflect the richness of our diversity,” he explained. Markowitz thus reveals the real meaning of diversity: extinction of our heritage and its replacement by others.
I
\
Restoring Dignity?
During the Clintons’ reign, some Republicans pretended to kick up a fuss when the phone sex devotee in the Oval Office appointed a homosexual activist friend to represent the U.S. diplomatically in Luxembourg. Didn’t look too good, they said. Now that President George W. Bush has appointed a hanky-swisher of his own to represent us in Romania, the GOP is dead silent, however. Or is it just dead? Bush is the guy who promised to restore dignity to the White House. But how about restoring some dignity to the whole country? Ambassador Michael Guest reportedly lives in the U.S.-provided ambassador’s residence in Budapest with his adoring buddy, Alex Nevarez, flaunting their abnormality in front of Romania's entire Eastern Orthodox population.
Terrorist Gets Kisses From Justice System
Left-wing terrorist Sarah Jane Olson, aka Kathleen Soliah, got a slap on the wrist after pleading guilty to planting pipe bombs under two police cars in Los Angeles in 1975. Fortunately for the cops and anyone else who might have been nearby, her competence in bomb-making was no match for her bloodlust, and the bombs failed to detonate. The aspiring murderer was sentenced to 20 years, which means, as her defense attorneys helpfully explained, she’ll be out on parole in just five years. It’s less a sentence than a kiss on the cheek,
considering that she,was gtey rngmber of gne of the most--
more than 25 years. The meager sentence indicates the value elites place on the lives of the cops who protect them, and the lack of interest they have in penalizing left-wingers who flee justice.
Another Alien Charged
The Egyptian-born cab driver in New York who last year claimed he was beaten up by city taxi regulators was arrested on charges he engaged in an elaborate criminal fraud. Political huckster Rev. Al Sharpton had organized protests on behalf of cabby immigrant Hisham Amer in support of the Egyptian’s $45 million lawsuit against the city. He claimed he was beaten by bureaucrats from the Taxi and Limousine Commission for failing to produce his cab license quickly enough. After spending 13 months to investigate Amer’s claims, authorities say every one of the immigrant’s charges is “a complete fabrication.”
Empty Suit
President Bush’s new commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service does not inspire much confidence. “I did not want to be INS commissioner,” he told a reporter for the Washington Post. He also admits he knows little, if anything, about immigration issues. “I didn’t even know where the building was,” he said. He is u friend of Mississippi GOP Sen. Trent Lott, and was sergeant-at-arms in the Senate when Republicans were the majority. Now he's in charge of 34,000 INS employees and a $6 billion budget. “His performance ... has been disappointing,” said Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-WI, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. “He doesn't have any experience managing a big agency, and he doesn't have immigration experience. 1 don't know why he was tapped for this job.”
Continued on page 7
W
March 2002
P*gc h
Moon Ambvcw News
How many terrorists does it take to change U.S. immigration policy?
Several months have passed since September 11, but America’s borders remain wide open to mass immigration. That’s a standing invitation to every foreigner with a grudge against America.
It’s time to change U.S. immigration policy.
1.	Immigration must be reduced from the present unmanageable level of 1 million a year (plus some 300,000 illegal permanent arrivals) to the traditional level of 200,000
per year.
2.	All Illegal aliens must be rounded up, photographed, fingerprinted, expelled, and barred from further entry.
3.	No more amnesties for Illegals.
4.	Every foreign truck must be Inspected at the border and not permitted more than 25 miles Inside the U.S.
5.	A modern computerized visa tracking system must be implemented in conjunction with the issuance of a tamper-proof photo ID for all foreign visitors. They must register with the INS every six months or face expulsion.
6.	Our border should be the first line of defense, not the last. If airports and the Capitol complex In Washington, D.C., are valuable enough to warrant U.S. military patrols - and they are -- surely our national borders merit the same protection.
Call the Capitol Hill switchboard at 202-224-3121 and ask to be connected with the offices of your congressman and senator. Tell them you expect the government to protect U.S. citizens from the terror of open borders.
Americans for Immigration Control, Inc. 725 Second Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20002 (202) 543-3719
March 2002
Middle Ahbkan News
page 7
New Buchanan Book Seen as Best Yet
The Daafk of the Him, by Patrick J. Buchanan; reviewed by Dwight D. Murpbey, Wichita State University
Patrick Buchanan continues to write what are arguably the most thoughtful and informative books appearing today on culture, ideology and policy — and they certainly rank among the best ever written by an American political figure.
Their importance is derived in part from his subjects, which are
PATRICK J.
The DEATH of the WEST
central to the survival of the United States in particular and the West in |cncn\'. In A Republic, Not on Empire, he discussed the dangers of America's well-intended intervention into problems all across the world, a process that makes “everybody’s business our business.** Those dangers were brought home with startling clarity on September 11.
Now, in The Death of the West (St Martin’s Press, 2002. $29.95), Buchanan describes how western civilization is allowing itself to die and, as it dies, to be suffused by a Third World civilization that is arising within the very corpus of (he older society. His earlier four books, on politics and economics, all show the quality of a mind that is penetrating, independent and refreshingly original.
In this book, Buchanan points lo four “dear and present dangers’* for peoples of European origin. The first is the reduction of the existing population everywhere throughout the West (except in Muslim Albania) through aging, dying and a far-bek>w-replacement birthrate. The second is the massive influx of Third World immigration , which at an historically surprising pace is changing the face of the culture, the way of life, the types of people, and even the core beliefs and loyalties. Third, he speaks of the continuing attacks upon national sovereignty as existing nations come under attack both
Here is M.A. News’ second review of Pat Buchanan's ’
latest book, The Death of the West, one of the most Important books now available at your bookstore.
from a centralizing “global order" and a secessionist fragmentation.
Fourth, he devotes much attention to the “adversary culture** which for many years has sought with considerable success to make the traditional culture in all western countries loathsome and to replace it with a new ideology of “multiculturalism." This ideology is backed by emerging demographic realities. Contrary to the past, it does not seek the assimilation of newcomers, because it wants to replace, not just add to, the already-existing culture.
Although in this book Buchanan doesn't make a point out of a fifth danger, he could just as well cite the unspeakable risks he emphasized so well in his recent A Republic, Not an Empire. There is no question but that hatreds building around the world in response to American interventions, which are based on the assumption that Americans have a legitimate role in problems all over the world, constitute a “dear and present danger" to the United States. This is especially true in an age of potential biological, chemical, nuclear, cyber and other “asymmetrical" warfare.
On all these subjects, his discussion is cogently reasoned and supported by abundant statistics and factual detail. His examination of the intellectual roots of the adversary culture gives the clearest treatment 1 have seen of the role of the Frankfurt School — Georg Lukacs, Antonio Gramsci, Theodor Adorno, Herbert Marcuse and their followers — in fashioning the “march through the institutions" that has occurred in recent decades as the Left has come to occupy virtually all the opinion-forming high ground in the United States and Europe.
That “march" is no accident; it has long been an ideological goal of the Left, and in fact goes back far earlier than the Frankfurt School and the 1920s. It is traceable to Rousseau and his tens of thousands of followers in the intellectual community since the eighteenth century. Their alienated critique of “bourgeois culture" has provided the steady drumbeat of modem ait, literature and ideology.
Although Marxism-Leninism and much early socialist thought placed the “proletariat*' at the center of revolution, it became apparent quite early to many on the left that the alienated intelligentsia should seek allies in any
unassimilated or disaffected group. The alienation and ally-seeking has determined the content of and set the tone for the adversary culture.
Buchanan’s facts about the loss of population among peoples of European origin are startling. Demographers say that an average of 2.1 children per woman is necessary simply to hold a population steady. Western fertility rates have, however, been falling for many years. Here are some of those rates, as given by Buchanan: Britain, 1.66; Spain, 1.07; Italy, 1.2; Germany, 1.3; Russia, 1.35. The result?: “Of Europe’s 47 nations, only one, Muslim Albania, was, by 2000, maintaining a birthrate sufficient to keep it alive indefinitely." The population of Europe in 2000 “from Iceland to Russia, was 728 million." Without immigration, this is expected to fall to 600 million within fifty years.
Buchanan sees this as ominous in itself, but we can note that the 600 million will still be much larger than Europe’s population historically. What makes the decline threatening so far as the survival of Europe's unique civilization is concerned would seem to be the decline's combination with the second danger - that of demographic swamping. The West has for several years been allowing a wave of Third World immigration.
“In 2000, England took in 185,000 immigrants, a record. In 1999, 500,000 illegal aliens slipped into the European Union, a tenfold increase from 1993.” In the United States, the effect is that the burgeoning Hispanic population is becoming “a nation within a nation." Buchanan gives a short history of the relations between the United States and Mexico, and accurately observes that “Mexico has an historic grievance against the United States that is felt deeply by her people." It is no surprise that the new immigrants are often strongly assertive of their own ethnic prerogatives. There is even a movement spoken of as “the reconquista" that calls for a “mestizo nation."
The Death of the West doesn't limit itself to discussing the issues I have mentioned. Buchanan ponders, too, for example, why the opposition has been so feeble. His critique of the Republican Party, in which he was prominent for so many years, is very insightful. He
Continued on page 9
NEWSBRIEFS
L.	 -_J
Continued from page 5
New Hispania
If present immigration and language trends continue. New Jersey will have to change its name to New Hispania. The mayor of Paterson recently decided that city employees do not need to obey a judge’s directive to speak English at work. Judge Karole Graves had directed that employees could speak Spanish only while assisting citizens who speak Spanish or when translating. But Mayor Marty Barnes, eyeing Hispanic votes in the next election, says the order contradicts his policy, so he won't enforce it.
No English Required
In California, a new state law sponsored by Assembly-man Herb Wesson (D), bars private businesses from requiring their employees to speak English. So now leftwingers are gearing up a PR campaign to find “victims" so they can file suit against American companies. “Employees should know they have language rights in the workplace," said ACLU attorney Jayashri Srikantiah (sic). The lefties are sending letters to unions, trade organizations, and to local chambers of commerce warning them about the new dictate.
Ideology, Not Justice
Simple drug busts are being turned into lengthy legal circuses by left-wing ideologists. After being caught with 47 pounds of marijuana in her luggage at Newark's airport, accused Hispanic drug courier Felicia Stovall claimed she was a “victim" of racial profiling by New Jersey cops.
Police said her California-issued ID had expired, that she appeared nervous when talking to a detective, and that she bought her airline ticket from an agency known to be used by drug traffickers. Two separate courts upheld her claims, but were overturned by the state’s Supreme Court. The court said the ‘‘totality of circumstances" must be considered when weighing whether cops were racially profiling suspects. Despite the outcome, the case illustrates the dramatic stupidity - utterly indefensible on any grounds - of permitting accused criminals to demand court review of whether police properly used race or ethnicity in evaluating suspects.
Family Tradition?
Malcolm Shabazz, 17, grandson of revolutionary hero "Malcolm X," was arrested on robbery and burglary charges in Middletown, New York. Published reports said he was riding in a stolen car when he was apprehended. His last arrest was in 1997 when at age 12 he pleaded guilty to arson and other charges for setting the fire that killed his 61 year-old grandmother, Betty, wife of Malcolm X.
Antl-GOP Republican
Republican Richard Riordan, the left-winger who wants to be governor of multicultural California, is trying to woo Hispanic votes by denouncing the party whose nomination he hopes to win. In an address to Hispanic business to Riordan sharply slapped the GOP, saying it had alienated women and Latinos. “We’ve given the wrong message for too long," he said. “Let's finally send the right message." Riordan supports providing social services for illegal uliens and legal recognition for homosexual cohabitation. Riordan enjoys a double-digit lead against GOP rivals for his party nomination, but a third of Republican voters remain undecided.
Tyson Faces Probe, Says Paper
Las Vegas police are investigating another rupc charge against rapist boxing hero Mike Tyson, according to published reports. No new charges have been filed, but police sources told the New York Post that uivestig
V
Continued on
PsgeS
YOUR TAX
DOLLARS
AT WORK
Dumb GOP Rides Again Writing in the Arizona Republic, GOP Sen John Kyi complains that “the cost of providing federally mandated health care to Regal immigrants is between $1.5 billion and $2 billion annually.* Most of that is paid for by the states where the illegals establish their colonies. So Kyi brags that he’s pushing for legislation to require the Feds to reimburse the states. *1 have introduced legislation to provide $200 mSon per year in reimbursements to border states ... not only to the states and localities, but also hospitals, doctors and other providers. *
Gee. that's sweet. Trouble is, whether paid by state revenues or federal funds, trie taxpayers are still providing free health care to Regal aliens, it has apparently never occurred to braggart Kyi to do the fottowing; 1.) Send trie bill for illegals' health care to their home countries, or deduct fee amount from the foreign aid we send them; and 2.) Round up the illegals
Same Old Story
The budget battle on Capitol Hill is just Use old times again. GOPers are increasing spending while posing as tax-and-budget cutters, and Democrats are wa*ng that the budget imposes ‘drastic ads* even though the budget sets a record high for spending.
Trie claims of neither side reflect reaMy. but it’s the kind of rhetoric that fools fee* respective constituencies into providing continued support.
In fee budget proposal he sent to Congress. President George W. Bush miends to spend $2.13 trillion this year, an mcrease of 3.7 percent over last year, and run defies* for trie next four years The projected deficit for this year is $106 billion.
The biggest increase is for defense, getting a $48 billion boost in the aftermath of fee Sept 11 attacks and the war in Afghanistan.
Democrats complain that some federal projects, such as highway spending and water projects by trie Vmy Corps of Engineers, ate undergoing budget cuts to cover the smaM tax reductions backed by GOPers.
in a message accompanying the bugdet. President Bush said his proposal metudas a “botd agenda tor government reform* that wttl eliminate wasteful federal spending, yeah, sure.
Gimme the Money
After seven years of out-of-court
Mou Amenoam Ncm
negotiations, the Social Security administration agreed to hand over $7.75 million of taxpayers' money to settle a racial discrimination lawsuit filed by 2,200 black male employees and their clever attorneys. In the suit filed in 1995, the complainers said they were denied pay raises and promotions because of their race and sex. They also charged black men were more likely than other workers to be disciplined. Agency officials deny the allegations, pointing out that black men occupy 10 percent of the agency's most senior positions.
An attorney for the winners will devise a formula to determine which of the men allegedly suffered most and divide up the loot.
Strange Phenomenon
After an eight-year hiatus, Democrats on Capitol Hill have again noticed the appearance of poor people throughout the country.
“Many families are not leaving poverty when they leave welfare to work." worries Rep. Ben Cardin, D-MD. It's a phenomenon that went strangely unnoticed while Bill Clinton was in the Oval Office.
So Democrats are now pushing a bill that would increase welfare spending by $30 billion over the next five years - a 15 percent boost.
Crusaders At Work
Poor people aren't the only ones getting a sympathetic eye from the congressman fiddling with the taxpayers'credit cards. Indignantly aroused by imperfections everywhere, the big spending altruists want to protect not just people, but elephants, too. Sure, there are no wild elephants on American soil, but that puny accident of geography cannot stop a concerned Congress. Armed with millions in other people's money, last month they sent to the President’s desk the Asian Elephant Conservation Fund, which spends $2.9 million on programs ini2 Asian countries. Maryland GOP Rep. Wayne Gilchrest says the money will "save this flagship species from extinction.” Gilchrest didn't say why Asians can't pay to save their own elephants.
Amtrak Loses Again
A new report from the Department of Transportation inspector general's office shows Amtrak lost $1.1 billion last year, the largest loss in the federal rail system’s 30-year history.
Amtrak said the losses show that the federal government needs to give it more money. The report, said Amtrak, "punctuates the urgent need to dearly define the role of intercity passenger rail in the transportation system of the future, and provide policies and financial commitments..
Amtrak* Capitol HIM supporters have vowed to turn it into a modem rail eystem "just like they have in Europe." but Amtrak just keeps losing money
Fear of Profiling
Although America's newly created fear of "racial profiling" is simply the Left’s latest political tactic to overthrow civilized Middle American practices — in this case, common sense crime-fighting — some right-wingers who have lost their own moral bearings are following right along.
Consider the arguments of Richard Lowry, earnest editor of the limp-wristed winger journal. National Review. Anxious to show that using ethnicity as a criterion to ferret-out would-be terrorists at airports is a perfectly "good” form of racial profiling, Lowry loses his way and turns his back on the "bad" kind of racial profiling used by street cops in their Sisyphean effort to maintain order in a deteriorating multicultural society. Here’s his stunningly half-hearted argument in the Jan 28 issue ofNR:
"No one likes to say it out loud, but more than half the people on the FBI's Most Wanted terrorist list are named Mohammed, Ahmed, or both... Islamic terrorists will necessarily be Muslims, and probably from the Arab world. Not to profile for those characteristics is simply to ignore the nature of today's terrorism....
"Profiling at airports would not be classic New Jersey Turnpike 4racial profiling' where police mark out a whole class of people as more likely than average to be transporting drugs, and then stop large numbers of them. Airport profiling would respond to a specific threat to commit a specific crime (more suicide hijackings) made by a specific group (the Islamic terrorists of al-Qaeda). It would be less analogous to New Jersey, then, than to a recent case in Oneonta, N.Y. The courts endorsed the right of police there to stop and examine almost every black man in that small town after an elderly woman said she had been attacked by a black assailant mk** hand was cut in their scuffle."
The spectacle — now virtually routine — of respectable conservativism trying to reason with the powerful, implacable Left has become downright amusing. Does Lowery really think the ACLU and the diversity-devoted elites who mleus will suddenly smack their foreheads to exclaim, "By Jove, he's right! Profiling's been the answer all along!"
Of course they won’t. They’re not engaged in a search for the best way to stop crime or terrorism. Neither the ACLU nor the NAACP have ever expressed the slightest interest in that Their raison d *etre is nothing less than the overthrow of the values Lowry claims to expouse, by inexorably moving the debate and public morality further and further to the Lett Judging by Lowry's adoption of their values, they're succeeding — at least among conservatives.
Lowry says profiling Middle Easterners at airports is unlike the ACLU-disapproved profiling "where police mark out a whole class of people as more likely than average" to be committing crime. But the fact is, it isn't the police who "mark out a whole class of people." It is the class of people themselves who commit crimes disproportionately\ That is what calls the attention of police. Fact is, young blacks in expensive cars with Florida plates on the NJ turnpike are more likely than Swedes to be running drugs northward. Given scarce police resources, who in expensive cars with Florida tags on the turnpike should get the most police scrutiny — Swedes or blacks? To use Lowry’s words, we must point out that turnpike drug runners are more likely named Tyrone and Darnell, not Knutc or Sven. Drug-running street gangs in Third World areas like Miami and Newark will have non-uhiK members. Not to profile for those characteristics is simply to ignore the nature of today's drug and street crime.
The NJ police responded to reality the way Lowry hopes airport security personnel will respond; but for their trouble they were denounced by the ACLU, and get the cold shoulder from conservatives like Lowry who should know better.
Marti) 2002
Middle American News
Page
Racial Dialectics: The New Marxist Melodrama
By CfeBtoa WBHamson Jr.
Politics in the year 2002 make sense only when we accept the fact that the Marxian dialectic has been replaced, since 1945, by the dialectic of race. Today, racial—not class—warfare is seen as the engine of history by the New Marxists, who substitute “Western civilization" for “capitalism" and “white men" for “capitalists" in the Old Marxist melodrama.
“Race has been fundamental in global politics and culture for half a millenium. It continues to signify and structure social life not only exponentially and locally, but nationally and globally. Race is present everywhere: it is evident in the distribution of resources and power, and in the desires and fears of individuals from Alberta to Zimbabwe. Race has shaped the modem economy and nation-state. It has permeated all available social identities, cultural forms, and systems of signification. Infinitely incarnated in institution and personality, etched on the human body, racial phenemonena affect the thought, experience, and accomplishments of human individuals and collectivities in many familiar ways, and in a host of conscious patterns as well....My view is that the race-concept is anything but obsolete and that its significance is not declining. We are not ‘beyondrace.***
If you substitute the word “class” for “face" in that passage, it could have been lifted from a Marxist pamphlet written in 1901\ instead of a post-Marxian treatise an even hundred yean later.
Today, racial —not class— warfare is seen as the engine of history by the New Marxists, who substitute “Western civilization" for ucapitalism " and “white men"for “capitalists” in the Old Marxist melodrama.
It’s been said that the house organ of the American intelligentsia. The New York Review of Books, owes its success to the cynical perception of its creator, Jason Epstein, that learned members of the targeted market he was shooting for prefer to read about important books—as outlined and condensed by reviewers—than to plow through all those weighty tomes for themselves. In fact, one of the few genuinely useful services to society book critics have to offer is to take a book no sensible person would want to read in ns entirety, chop it into intellectual hamburger, and offer it up in Cliff Notes form. One such book is The World Is A Ghetto: Race and Democracy Since World War IK Basic Books, 2001), by Howard Winant, quoted above. As a freestanding work of the human intellect, it is not worth your time. But to tell which way the wind’s blowing, it's a useful weatherman Race and class, of course, are strongly associated in classical Marxism, particularly
In the new cultureI Marxism, the white race has become the People of Darkness. In most Old Marxist texts, substituting the words Western Civilization for "capitalism" and whites for "bourgeoisie” will get you started In the vocabulary of the New Marxism,
in the development of the Marxist theory of imperialism. Winant admits as much, when he refers to his attempt “to explain the historical intersection between the modem world's racialization and its explosive development as a capitalist, statist, and secularizing planet.” Over the past century, however, class and race have been slowly realining themselves in leftwing thought, until finally they changed places with each other. Eighty years ago, the Marxist earth (race) revolved around the Marxist sun (class). Today, its sun revolves around its earth, in a weird reversion to pre-Galilean astronomy.
Winant argues in his book that the modem epoch is both built on, and synonymous with, what he calls the conceptual and structural (read: intellectual and social) “foundations” of race. “[TJhe foundation of modem nation-states, the construction of an international economy, and the articulation of a unified world culture were all deeply racialized processes,” he insists. For Winant, racialism is modernity. The creation of Europe (meaning the sorting-out of its peoples and their reorganization as nationstates) was a “racial project,** conceived in opposition to the “others”—namely, the peoples of Africa and the Americas. (The
historian Jacques Barztin, in From Down to Decadence, describes the organizational principle of the European nations as a rearrangement of religious believers under the authority of likeminded rulers.) Once organized and energized, Europe—the Atlantic coastal states especially—extended its reach to the New World, where it subjugated, exploited, and brutalized all the native peoples it came in contact with. Then, having perfected their newly acquired techniques of exploitation on outlanders (at whose expense “the West attained its prosperity and invented its democracy”), European rulers turned around to exercise these techniques upon their domestic populations, softening them up in preparation to become the docile and compliant workforce the dawning Industrial Age required. In the nineteenth century, the abolitionist movement marked a reconsideration of the European racial paradigm; in the twentieth, the anti-colonial revolution that followed World War 11 inspired the Civil Rights Movement in the United States and produced, throughout the world, the breakdown of a racial system half a millenium old. So—have we attained Utopia at last? Don’t ask stupid questions. “While racial opposition was certainly muled by concessions and reforms,” Winant explains, “the underlying tensions of a deeply racialized social structure were not addressed.” And so, we find the “new racism” as exemplified by “Euroccntrists” (and American anti-immigrationists) who “define...’others’ who are already present (in their countries] as threats to the national culture...*
Whereas,
“In a socially just and historically conscious world the West would not only forgive the debt of the world’s ‘others’; it would seek their forgiveness; it would seek to make good on their losses, to make them whole in the legal sense. Such an event.. .would go a long way toward destroying the racial hierarchy built into the contemporary global political economy.”
H.L. Mencken thought the problem with the Old Marxism was that every proletarian hoped to become a wealthy capitalist before he died. Similarly, the contradiction inherent in the new version may be that people of
New Marxists neglect the truth that xenophilia and Romantic notions about the nonexistence of race and racial identity are peculiar to Westerners, while, for non-Westerners, blood is almost always thicker than water
color (collectively more than individually, perhaps) look forward not to a world in which they stand on an equal JeveJ with whites but above them, if only by virtue of their numbers (or even to one where there are no whites at all!). New Marxists neglect—some of them deliberately suppress—the truth that xenophilia and Roman-
tic notions about the nonexistence of race and racial identity are peculiar to Westerners, while, for non-Westerners, blood is almost always thicker than water. (Did whites really invent racism and racial exploitation? How about Arabs selling black slaves? Or the many Indian tribes of North America who called—and still do call—themselves “The People,” in the belief that they alone are human beings?) Moreover, the non-j Western attitude of hostile racial conscious-ness is only encouraged, not alleviated, by the New Marxian obsession with race as the key to history, and the white race as the People of Darkness according to post-modem theology.
Howard Winant doesn’t predict globalized race war in The World is a Ghetto, nor does he suggest that white peoples have it coming to them in the twenty-first century. However, the concluding lines in the flap copy (written usually by an editor, not the author) have sinister and vaguely threatening overtones. “Is it likely that the concept of race will be banished from human sensibility anytime soon? The present world race system is not the first we have ever had. [Really? Why doesn’t Winant mention that in his book?] It will not be the last. [My emphasis]” Somehow, I suspect a New Marxist in the publisher's office wrote those words.
The Old Marxism, if it didn’t collapse completely in 1989, was at least mostly discredited by the fall of the Soviet Union. But after how many scores of millions of “bourgeois” lives had been sacrificed to it! Think of the number of white ones that could be i offered up to Moloch over the next hundrecy years if the New Marxism has anything like as long and effective a run as the Old one.l
The Death of the West
from page 7
sees the GOP as “in thrall to libertarian ideology and controlled by corporate interests.” He says the party “has thrown in the towel on the social issues,** choosing to focus instead on cutting marginal tax rates and removing the capital gains tax. He refers to the notion held widely among many conservatives that the defining characteristic of America is a commonly held creed that can exist even in the absence of a shared origin. Buchanan sees that this is an article of faith that quite precariously counts on the efficacy of ideas without roots.
Because of Buchanan and commentators like him, it is clear that if (he | West is transformed and supplanted by the forces he discusses, it will not because the public in the mainstream society was not warned and provided necessary facts and analysis. The alarm has been sounded for many years.
The reason the threatening trends are so intractable is that so few within the West’s mainstream population (i.e., its majority population of El pean origin) are paying, or are even willing to pay, the slightest attention, hortations don’t work with them.
They are busy people preoccupied by the concerns of daily life: for most part, after leuving college they don’t read serious books (no doubt a mentary on their education); they don’t want to be disturbed in the niche, very dynamic and productive, each has carved out in life; and they even strong predisposition toward not taking a “larger view” of anything going to turn it into an issue with which they will have to deal. They motivation to react to anything that doesn’t impinge upon their unni csts, narrowly conceived. Since it involves no sacrifice, requires little on their part, and is in fact self-protective, many are willing to hold times even to act upon attitudes that are “politically correct” u.e., tjj specluble within the worldview of the opinion-makers, who belong to the adversary culture).
Continued
Page 10
Mdolc American News
The Issue Is Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
By Robert Goldsborough
President* AIC
In his state of the Union address. President George W. Bush stressed his three "great goals": the war on terrorism, the guarantee of domestic security, and the revival of the economy.The president declared: "We will win this war, we will protect our homeland and we will revive our economy." And he cautioned the Congress and the nation, “In any of these cases, the price of indifference would be catastrophic."
President Bush explained that to defeat the incipient recession. "Americans who have lost their jobs need our help and I support extending unemployment benefits.... Yet American workers want more than unemployment checks, they want a steady pay-
check ~	7
We agreed totally with the president
when he stressed that. "When America works. America prospers, so my economic security plan can be summed up in one word: Jobs. "President Bush then enumerated specific factors which he asserted are essential for jobs: -Good jobs begin with good schools...Good jobs also depend on reliable and affordable energy...Good jobs depend on sound tax policy. ..on encouraging investment in factories and equipment and by speeding up tax relief... Good jobs must be the aim of welfare reform... and offer every American the dignity of a job."
As comprehensive as President Bush's Mmt w//kx/ £*> Ar jat first glance, it omitted
one critically essential item: the need to stop foreign workers—legal and illegal—from
Robert Goldsborough. AIC President
taking jobs from American citizens. He refused to acknowledge this critical factor, and in this aspect he seems ignorant of the very point about which he warned. "... the price of indifference would be catastrophic."
Over the years that AIC has been fighting for increased control of our borders, we have warned politicians that illegal aliens are taking low paying jobs from Americans while the high paying jobs are being taken by aliens coming here under HI-B visa programs.
We agreed with the president when he emphasized that jobs for Americans are critical to our recovery; but that will not happen until the president and Congress acknowledge that the foreign worker, legal or illegal, is one of the causes of unemployment for American citizens.The following January 14, 2002, letter to the editor of the Potomac Tech Journal makes this point so
abundantly clear that it must be shared with all Americans in general and with our elected officials in particular.
Dear Editor:
About your article on HI-B (Space priorities alter rules for vendor firms, Jan. 7, 2002), I wanted to offer another side of the story from my personal experience.A year ago my husband was a programmer with Bank of America based in Charlotte, NC. The bank decided to outsource his entire department, human resources, to a company called Exult (exult.net). All of the bank programmers in this department were hired by Exult. Now, less than a year later. Exult has given pink slips to all but two of the 29 Charlotte programmers and all of the other Exult programmers in the United States.My husband is out looking for a job after working as a bank programmer for more than 23 years. He has kept up his skills and education, constantly learning and expanding on his programming knowledge. He has done volunteer work for the community, helping to set up Internet systems for nonprofit agencies and doing other computer work for them. There isn't a software program made that he couldn't master in a matter of weeks. He has proven that. And yet, he still lost his job because Exult outsourced programming to 108 programmers from India. Ten to 20 percent of the Indian programmers will be in Charlotte on visas on a rotating basis while the others remain in India. Does this sound like there were no skilled programmers in the United States capable of handling payrollfor Bank of America ? Or does it sound more like Exult simply wanted cheap labor/The huge increase in the number of foreign workers
allowed into the country by the HI B visa program was heavily lobbied for by big hu\i ness. Businesses claim they can’t find skilled American workers. This is untrue. There an plenty of skilled American high-tech workers. What these businesses want is cheap high-tech workers. We are a country that put men on the moon and developed smart bombs. So how is it that suddenly we don't have high-skilled workers? Has anyone in the government noticed that most of the foreign workers come over here on student visas and graduate from American universities and then stay and get hired as HI-B workers? Are we to believe that no Americans are learning the same skills as their foreign classmates ?There is no shortage of high-tech American workers. You can find plenty of American programmers and engineers waiting in long lines at job fairs, competing for the one or two available jobs. Or you can find them sitting at home waiting for the phone to ring, hoping one of the hundreds of resumes they've sent out brings q response. Or you can find them at the unemployment office poring through job listings, looking for something that maybe isn't programming, but will bring in a little income while they wait. And wait... and wait
Undo Evans
Online reader
Matthews, NC
Every member and supporter of AIC should send copies of this letter to (he president as well as to all their representatives in the House and the Senate. It is important ihat all of our elected officials realize there isno shortage of skilled Americans who want jobs now.
Which Party Better on Immigration: Democrats or Republicans?
By John Vinson
Editor, Immigration Watch
Some immigration control supporters ask which political party is the best one to reform immigration policy with reasonable limits The best answer, perhaps, is neither and both.
In terms of their leaderships, the Republicans and Democrats are dead-set against reform. The basic reason is that GOP leaders see immigration as a source of cheap labor for the corporate interests that back them. Democrat leaders, on their part, view immigrants as a new poverty constituency for their party, a source of cheap votes. A classic example was the Clinton administration’s Citizenship USA program which watered down requirements for citizenship so that his party could reap immigrants* votes in 1996. Recently, however. Republican higher-ups have caught the smell of cheap votes too, which accounts for their Spanish language broadcasts, amnesty proposals, and other shameless pandering for "the Hispanic vote.** Though GOP and Democrat leaders march preuy much in step for mass immigration, the same cannot be said for a great many of then rank-and-file. Many ordinary Republicans deeply care about national usuty
John Vinson, editor. Immigration Watch
and cultural cohesion. They rightly understand that mass immigration threatens these ties of loyalty. To them, country is more important than campaign cash. Many ordinary Democrats, for their part, care deeply about the well-being of working-class Americans and the difficulties of Americans, native and foreign-born, who live below the poveny line. These Democrats understand how mass immigration depresses wages and opportunities for the most vulnerable members of our society. They would rather see
poverty in America decrease, rather than increase for selfish political purposes. They also want less immigration - and consequently less crowding - to promote environmental protection.
The best hope for immigration reform is for reformers in both parties to put as much pressure as possible on their leaders for change. This, many would caution, would be extremely difficult in the Democrat party with its long-standing commitment to immigration. Still, it is not impossible. In 1993, Barbara Jordan, a prominent Democrat, was appointed to head a commission to give Congress recommendations on immigration policy. For the sake of promoting assimilation and protecting our disadvantaged, the commission called for a substantial cut in legal immigration.
Shortly thereafter. Democrat President Bill Clinton essentially endorsed the commission’s proposals. Though Clinton later reversed himself alter hearing from ethnic interests in his party, he was — at least temporarily — the only president in decades who proposed significant cuts. Interestingly, when legislation for reduction of numbers came up in 1996, it was cheap labor Republicans, rather than Democrats, who led the charge to defeat it.
Perhaps a moderate Democrat admin-
March 2002
istration could offer the best hope for reductions. It was said in the early seventies, when the U.S. improved relations with Communist China, that "only [President] Nixon could have gone to China.” The meaning was that a Democrat president could oot have done so for fear of being called “soft on Communism." Similarly, Republicans now shy away from reform for fear of being called "racist.” A Democrat leader could slough off the charge much more easily.
The pro-immigration interests in the GOP are formidable, but less so than those of the Democrats. Many Republicans understand that welcoming an alienated, impoverished electorate is political suicide for their party, as well as a disaster for their country
The Founding Fathers warned of the dangers of contending political parties They foresaw the national interest being lost in battles for political gain. This is precisely what we see today with respect to immigration policy.
What our country desperately needs is a new political consciousness, one which crosses existing political lines. Along with working within their respective parties, honorable and principled Republicans and Democrats should work together. They have fur more in common than they realize.
Middle American News
Page II
Immigration News Briefs
...« summary of recent immigration news
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from page 7
The Census Bureau did a national-origin breakdown of the 8.7 million illegal aliens that it estimates now live in the United States. Mexico was the leader, far and away, with 3.870,000. Next were El Salvador, 337,000; Guatemala, 239,000; and China, 200,000. More than 100,000 illegals, the Bureau estimates, come from Middle Eastern countries, a situation causing concern with respect to terrorism. Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), head of the House Immigration Reform Caucus, said it was “no surprise” that millions of illegal aliens have settled in the U.S. because our government is “not enforcing time limits on visas, [or] decreasing Hl-B [temporary employment) visas.” He criticized the policies of states that allow illegal aliens to obtain driver's licenses. Tancredo said “most important” in terms of the message sent is the failure of authorities to locate and deport 300,000 aliens who have been ordered deported.
The two leading Democratic candidates for governor in Texas, businessman Tony Sanchez and state Attorney General Dan Morales, have agreed to conduct a first-ever TV debate in Spanish. They also agreed on at least one other debate in English.
Victor Landa, in a column in the Houston Chonicle, said that the significance of the debate, to be broadcast on the Spanish language Telemondo network, “cannot be overestimated.” Landa, a Telemondo news director, observed that the Spanish broadcast will involve and motivate many Hispanic voters in ways that English broadcasts cannot.
He noted that, “[The candidates] will go before a specific electorate and address issues in a code and inflection that cannot be translated, that are understood in the way gestures are. A syllable carried with a slight lilt, a hesitation between words, a slant of the head - all of these have a meaning in any language, but they differ between one and another.”
Landa maintained that encouraging a linguistic community out of the mainstream can be “something fruitful.” What, he asked, “could be more ‘American?’ ”
The Wall Street Journal reported culture clashes over housing as immigrants have moved into suburban areas. The focus of the story was Elgin, Illinois, where many Hispanic immigrants have settled. Often the immigrants bring in relatives to live with them in their new homes. In many instances the numbers in the houses exceed zoning regulations. The immigrants complain that efforts to enforce these laws are “discrimination.” Native-born residents maintain that the
Va^s axe necessary Cor safety, V\ea\th, and the maintenance of property values.
To illustrate the conflicting viewpoints, the Journal cited the case of an immigrant home-owner who had 14 people in his home, one zoned for just six. When his neighbors complained, the homeowner replied that he would file a discrimination lawsuit. The neighbor explained, “I’m not prejudiced. I just expect everyone to play by the same rules.”
Richard Riordan, former mayor of Los Angeles and leading GOP contender for governor, endorsed amnesty for illegal aliens, as well as education and heathcare for them. “I believe every child, every person that comes into this world has a God-given right to education and health care,” said Riordan, “whether they are legal or illegal.”
The two other Republican candidates, Secretary of State Bill Jones and businessman Bill Simon, have expressed opposition to tax-paid funding of illegals and amnesty. Jones, who supported a ballot initiative to cut state funding for illegals, said, “I’m opposed to illegal immigration, and I don’t think you cancel out [the crime] if you offer amnesty.” Simon, a spokesman said, was “generally opposed to the use of taxpayer funds for illegal immigrants” and believed that “amnesty rewards illegal behavior.”
The Bush administration is pressing ahead with its plan to restore food stamps to 363,000 immigrants who lost eligibility following welfare cuts in 1996. The proposal President Bush sent to Congress in February would cost $2.1 billion over a ten-year period. According to a New York Times article by reporter Robert Pear, the Bush plan “has an excellent chance of becoming law/*
The article notes that, “Many of those who could benefit from the food stamp proposal are Hispanic*. The White House has been ardently courting Hispanic voters.” The plan drew strong approval from the National Council of La Raza (the Race), an Hispanic advocacy group. ‘This is an enormous step forward for which the president should be congratulated,” said Cecilia Munoz, the organization’s vice president.
Many Republicans, however, oppose the idea. Tom Tancredo (R-CO), head of the Immigration Reform Caucus in the House, observed, “The president has chosen to steal a page out of the Democrats* play book. [They] have been enormously successful in buying votes through welfare. That’s all this is /*
“A* unemployment in the |high-tech] sector continues at near-record levels,” noted Diane Khirallah of Information Week.com, “a growing chorus is questioning whether the United States needs to continue bringing |in] tens of thousands of foreign ... workers... under the visa program known as H-IB.”
Continued next page
forwarded evidence to prosecutors. Tyson is slated to fight heavyweight champ Lennox Lewis this spring. Last July, Tyson was accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Big Bear, California, but no charges were filed. Tyson spent just 3 years in jail for raping a beauty pageant contestant in 1992. Despite his conviction, the sports industry won’t ban him from competition.
Keeping Thugs Alive
A California prison inmate serving 14 years for robbery received a heart transplant at a cost to taxpayers of more than $1 million. The operation reportedly saved the 31-year-old thug from dying of a viral heart infection. California authorities claim that a 1976 U.S. Supreme Court decision requires them to provide the heart transplant. That decision said it was “cruel and unusual” punishment to withhold medical care. Non-criminals are not eligible for tax-funded transplants, however.
Diversity Fun
Diversity is great fun for Florida’s courts, which are now wrestling with a lawsuit from a Muslim woman who refuses to show her face to get a driver's license. Sultaana Freeman, 34, believes God doesn't want her showing her face to strangers or unrelated males, so she refused to take off her veil for a license photo. Florida law requires driver’s licenses to bear “a full-face photograph.”
More Diversity Fun
California artist Jon Howard, who says he is “part Cherokee,” is suing a Catholic group for $100 million because its president criticized an Indian ait exhibit of
(i||urin«a dial	Cfao	|N>pe.	«»•*#»».
and defecating. In a news release, William Donahue of Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights, criticized the use of the pope and nuns, and challenged the Indian artists to imagine what it would be like to be ridiculed themselves. “But why couldn’t he have chosen the Lone Ranger and Tonto instead? Or better yet, Tonto and a few of his Indian buddies?”he said. Outraged, Howard filed a defamation suit. “This ... is defamatory because the language hatefully characterizes American Indians and California artists as a group worthy of hatred, contempt, ridicule or obloquy.” Howard said he suffered hurt feelings, mortification, and damage to his reputation from Donohue's comments.
Waste of Time
A nutty Justice Department study of traffic stops by cops in Montgomery County, Maryland, shows that black drivers get stopped in numbers disproportionate to their percentage of the population in the county. The study is regarded by the NAACP as evidence of pervasive anti-black racism by police, even though there is no evidence that racism explains why the black motorists were stopped. Blacks are 14 percent of the county's drivers, and 15 percent of the population. But black drivers were 26 percent of all 41,000 traffic stops recorded between April and September of last year. Neighboring counties, including Washington, D.C., have extremely high black populations, and most radar traffic control operations are in heavy traffic urban areas of the county where blacks tend to live and where traffic is most dense. But no traffic could be as dense as the NAACP or the Justice Department crackpots who undertook the study. It proves nothing about the attitudes of local police, but provides propaganda headlines and reveals the lengths to which the Feds will go to exploit ignorance to reinforce their ideological orthodoxy.
/
March 2002
Page 12
Middle Ambkxn News
Immigration News Briefs
From previous page
In 2000, due to claims from the high-tech industries that it couldn’t And enough qualified Americans, Congress sharply raised the H-1B quota. Last year the U.S admitted 163,000 foreign computer programmers and other high-tech workers Although HI -B is a temporary program, the majority of HI -B workers in recent years have ended up staying pcrmanently.Despite the industry’s claim of a labor shortage, many American high-tech workers have disagreed. They have charged that the industry simply wants workers who will work for less than Americans and put up with more unpleasant working conditions. Since the current recession began the labor-shortage claim has become harder to defend.
The U.S. Labor Department says unemployment rates for U.S. computer >-.ie*mstv. analysts, programmers, and operators has more than doubled since last year Many unemployed U.S. high-tech workers are angry, said the Informa-rnm Wfedtetan article, because some of the companies laying off the most Americans have been some of these biggest users of Hl-Bs.
tM columnist Patrick Buchanan told a gathering of the Young America's Foundation that the U.S. needs a time-out from mass immigration so *at assimilation could begin to work again. As a first step, he suggested a two-year annual cep on legal immigration at 250,000. He expressed particular 8B@Sf about illegal immigration, noting the more than eight million or more aliens who now reside in the U.S. He said that if Americans do not deal wM immigration, oar very existence as a country will be at risk. He quoted President Ronald Reagan, “The country that can’t or won’t defend its really isn’t a country anymore." Our borders are so open, Buchanan I that hostile foreign governments are not doing their jobs if they
don’t have hundreds of agents, saboteurs and assassins wandering around the U.S. He advocated systematic deportation of illegal aliens, and a prison sentence for "one of these fat cats who deliberately brings in illegal aliens to lower wages and take the jobs of working American men and women.” That would send a message to “corporate interests," said Buchanan “to stop betraying our country."
■----------------------------------------—--------------------------------------\
The Death of the West
from page 9
In some contexts, it could be thought that this passivity is caused by the majority’s being intimidated. After all, the core culture has for many years been under slashing attack and its members made to feel guilty. Or perhaps it is indifference and a desire not to be disturbed that is more fundamentally explanatory than intimidation.
This passivity may be endemic to a commercial civilization, and it is sometimes a strength, creating an immunity to social infection. An interesting fact that goes back a long way is that this same passivity was the reason Marx a century and a half ago excoriated all forms of socialist thought that counted on exhortation as the way to change society. In place of that, he claimed to understand the “objective conditions” that were impelling society toward socialism. This, to him, was “scientific socialism,” while all else was impotent blather.
Those who champion western civilization indulge in no such pretensions. This makes them fall back on saying “here’s what can be done — if only people will become alert to the dangers and will do it.” Buchanan, as one of them, gives many suggestions about how the dangers can be reversed. But inevitably he runs up against the question of whether Americans and others within the West will even read his book, much less act upon it.
Did the shock of September 11 change American attitudes? That remains to be seen.

M.A. News Available in Bulk Quantities for Mass Distribution
i
^97 -f/7<y	to.'
Middle American News Distribution Center P.O. Box 17088 Raleigh, NC 27619
(Please use address on this coupon for all bulk orders. Thank you!)
Buy bulk quantities of M.A.News at reduced rates and help spread the word!
[Z3 YES. I want extra copies of the March 2002 issue of Middle American News.
CJty/8«ata/Zip______________ .
(Ter UPS dsPvsry • aWK addrm only, no P.O. Boxes)
Telephone
0«
we have Questions about your order)
PI 10 copies for $7.00 n 25 copies for $13.00 f~l 50 copies for $18.00 n 100 copies for $30.00
Endotod la a check for d	Sand	mo	fha
numbor of copiti of the March teaua Wa chackad.
(No chmrg* for shipping.)
SPREAD THE WORD!
Order bulk quantities of
MIDDLE
AMERICAN
NEt/S
Use This Coupon to Order! We Pay Shipping!!
Match 2002
Jerry Woodruff Contributors:
Phil Kent Brent Nelson Brendan Long Robert Goldsborough Robert Holland Chilton Williamson Wayne Lutton John Vinson
Published Monthly by We the People Institute. Inc.
S2.00 per issue. SI7.00 per year subscription.
To subscribe, send check or money order payable to: Middle American News P.O. Box 17088, Raleigh, NC 27619 (We cannot be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts.)
The issue today is the same as it has been throughout all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elitei
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Middle American News are those of individual authors, not necessarily the views of We the People Institute, and are not intended to influence elections.
Fears for the Future
As a legal Immigrant who is proud to speak English,
I am deeply concerned about the future of our country, the good old USA, where English is becoming a dying language.
Millions of Latins, especially Mexicans, are now the majority in many southern California cities, according to the Census Bureau. However, most of those cities are still run democratically by English-speaking Americans. Unfortunately, during the next few elections they will be replaced by Hispanics and Asians, and our problems will really begin.
Our white and black populations will continue the flight that started in the nineties to other, friendlier parts of the country. Regrettably, our elected representatives in Sacramento and Washington, D.C., ignore the decline of English use and keep the border with Mexico open.
Adding to our worries, we now have several million Muslims living in the U.S.
Until the majority of Americans recognize that under present immigration laws, millions more legal and illegal will enter our country each year. We are fast losing our way of life, the one that Americans have fought and died for.
To your readers, 1 say tell your friends to buy Middle American News and buy additional copies and distribute them to your friends and colleagues at work, etc.
Keep up the fight!
M Mr.G.w.
Duarte, California
Plight 587 Crash Explained
Any pilot who has ever flown into wingtip vortex and lived to leii, knows what happened to Plight 387 (“Crash of Plight 587: Accident or Murder,*' by Nicholas Stix, MA. Newt, Feb., 20(12). Ail the eye-witness reports of fire and explosions are probably true, but they occurred from the engine and wing being ripped off by the severe tuftouicttcc of the vortex.
------------------- Readers’	Forum------------------
Several news items have appeared telling of the black
boxes revealing the A300 Airbus experienced severe turbulence right after take-off. Not once, but twice. They tell the entire story of what happened to Flight 587.
Surely the National Safety Transportation Board knows about wingtip vortex.
With the Japan Airlines 747 departing in front of Flight 587, a breeze blowing its wingtip vortex into its flight path, explains all that happened to Flight 587 as it flew into the super-tomadic winds of the wingtip vortex of the larger plane. It’s not surprising that an engine was tom free, possible a wing, too. The winds in the turbulence could also account for the vertical fin to fall, too.
Mr. TE.
Wichita, Kansas
(The writer was a fighter pilot in the Air Force and Kansas Air Guard. His 40 years in aviation are recounted in The Clouds, The Sky, and I. available from www. 1 stbooks.com)
Likes Charley Reese
In your January issue, 1 noticed only two columns by Charley Reese. He, Sam Francis, and Paul Craig Roberts are my favorites. 1 sure hope the letters to the editor you published recently criticizing Mr. Reese is not the reason (here were only two columns of his in the January issue. His columns alone, grouped by subject, would make a pretty darn good book. Many of them are timeless in content.
My vote is for you to publish inure (‘hurley Reese!
Mr. 8.M.
Canton, New York
The number of columns we publish by any single writer may vary with each issue, but we'U certainly keep your views in mind. Thanks! » Ed
Puerto Rico is American
Some time «^o /
News to my youngest son to read. Afterwards, i asked about his opinion, and he said, “Frankly, Pop, I didn't like it. It was a little bit racist.”
I am an assiduous reader of your paper because it tells real news, not what the news media wants to tell.
And I truly believe it’s the only paper every American should read. But in the December issue you made a big boo-boo. In the Newsbriefs on page 11, ‘Times are Changing,” you referred to Miss Universe Denise Quinones as “Puerto Rican,” while referring to Miss Katie Harman, Miss America, as an “American.”
Let me give you a little bit of information. There is no such thing as a Puerto Rican nationality. In case you don’t know, Puerto Rico has been a commonwealth of the U.S. since 1952. Same as Virginia, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts. Denise Quinones and Katie Harman are both Americans, waving the same American flag.
It's been a mystery to me why they let Puerto Rico compete in the Miss Universe pageant. Puerto Rico is not a sovereign country itself, but a slice of the same apple pie, America. Puerto Rico can compete in Miss USA pageant, but shouldn't be allowed in Miss Universe. Period.
Mr. A.R.
Philadelphia. Pennsylvania
—----------- Letters	-----------------
Readers Forum
Middle American News PO Box 17008 Raleigh. NC 27619
Phono: 919-839-1001 Fax: 919-639-2181 Email address manews(£j)manews org (Letters may bo edited tot space and clarity. )
March 2002
Pip M
Mnu Amehcm Ntm
VIEWPOINT
R\ I'liiaMk Howard

Sm»frf5Mprf9 In the nunc of cumy," Rep H(«n Wrana (D-CA)
■Ri propoaeJ the most outrageous wpanon cf Amcncan freedom to date He wants a barcode on every let* lor and package mailed in this country, to contain the mdtr'i identity and ad* him. Apparently Wumao feds that hnes at the poet office are not long enough already, and Americans have belter to do than spend hours mg to mail every single letter and m person, jost like workers used to in line m the Soviet Union to buy No one is even willing to guess what the cost be for sach an idiot scheme, but the fact that it with a straight face is testimony to its ■ unstable mentality. Somewhere in Hell. Stalin is green with envy at Waxman’s bold proto further control even the smallest facet of fives—
What? Me Week? Sen. Harry Reid's (D-NV) deci-I	hearings	of	the	Environment	and	Pub-
Works Committee on Mondays and Fridays has been with I storm of outrage. It's not a desire to give taxpayers their money's worth — Reid blames the change on the difficulty of balancing the committee chairmanship with his duties as Majority Whip, one of the costs of enhancing his own career. GOP Sens. George Vajnarlrh (OH). Lincoln Chafee (RI). Bob Smith (NH). jams Inhofe (1A) and KM Bond (MO) signed a to Reid, whining that cutting their long weekends doesn't “facilitate as much participation as possible*" or “accommodate committee members." Poor
m iiai# over &2.HVO a week — meerfy St.OOOa day gar the three days they're willing
to mark....
Her Majesty Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee (D-TX) has long been known among staffers as the pushiest witch in Wc House, but new revelations can still astound: Every Congress is in session, an aide waits outside for 30 minutes or more, blocking traffic a government-paid car. to drive her slightly more
short block to her office. When a reporter alto ad about this situation, she complained to a pnhrrfnm that die was being "stalked " She ^^■lasuffer "You don't understand. Iam and I demand to be treated like a queen." She [•neb a pain in booking and taking flights on I Airlines, which is based in her district, that ■ official once suggested she honor the Jwitb her business. She has pitched fits that I would have had mere mortals arrested for "air rage," and officially demanded an exemption to the new rule fins only ticketed passengers can enter flight gate areas, so she never has id carry her own carry-on bags. (She Adn't get it.) During a House hearing, she once asked a NASA representative if the Mars lander could tee the flag that American astronauts put up —evidently she is too ignorant to understand the difference between the Moon and Mars. And her vote counts as much as gaui congressman's....
Enough About Enron1 While both Republican* and Democrats are desperate to use the Enron bankruptcy to hnaaBtrch the other party, fin fact is that the corrupt energy giant gave money to virtually everybody on both sides of the aisle, as well as to columnists and others in file media, to buy political favors and good publicity. The more passionately any pal cries on TV about the company's "victims." the more likely he was receiving those lost pension dollars in the form of bribes, nr. cam-| paigo contributions. And don’t believe the charade that some ~ like HMIary Clinton (D-NYi.just to name one
Capitol
Offenses
om the Dome
at random — are donating those bribes to charity. If a man pays a prostitute $100, she is no less a harlot if she later gives $100 to the Red Cross...
The Payoff Is Power. Hotshot Sen. Jon Corzine (D-NJ) spent more than $60 million of his own money in the 2000 campaign to secure a job that pays $150,000 a year. There is only one explanation — he craves power. Any contention that he wanted to "serve the public" is hogwash — if that had been his goal, the public would have been much better served by spending the $60 million on useful projects than for self-aggrandizement. Similarly, Mark Dayton (D-MN, $11.8 million). Maria Cantwell (D-WA, $10.3 million) and Herb Kohl (D-WI, $5 million) self-financed successful campaigns that year. No Republicans bought their way into the Senate in the last election, although Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) purchased his House seat for $1.8 million.... Announced candidates for the new 31* district in Texas include Brad Barton, son of Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX); Phil Sudan (D), who spent more than S3 million from his own pocket in an unsuccessful House bid last election; and Peter Staub Wareing (R), who laid out $2.3 million in a similarly fruitless quest....
Feeling a Draft? The Democrats’ and the media’s favorite Republican, Sen. John McCain (AZ), has joined with Evan Bayh (D-IN) to author the Call to Service Act, which would double the size of the worthless. wasteful Americorps program, a twisted brainchild of Bill Clinton. Critics see this as a first step toward compulsory national service, and a dangerous drain on recruitment efforts for the country’s military forces....
Jolly Junketeers. Businesses and organizations seeking favors from Congress are still permitted to fly members to posh resorts and pick up the tab for expensive vacations disguised as “fact-finding," speeches and “conferences." Just 10 days after last September’s terrorist attacks, the poultry and crop insurance industries flew Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS) to Mississippi and New Orleans.
"We weren’t going to let terrorists shut down our government." said Cochran, as if his trips had anything to do with legitimate Senate business.... Also in September, Rep. Marlon Berry (D-AR) and four colleagues were wined and dined at the schmaltzy Greenbrier resort in West Virginia by a pesticide trade association. Other groups bribing legislators with similar trips include the American Bankers Association, American Is-
rael Public Affairs Committee. American Gas Association. British Airways. CSX Corp.. and Amtrak, the latter of which is lobbying desperately to retain government subsidies after being unable to break even after 30 years on the public dole.... The American Horse Council and the National Thoroughbred Racing Association treated Reps. Charlie Stenholm (D-TX), Ernie Fletcher (R-KY), Larry Com best (R-TX) and Ken Calvert (R-CA) to freebies at the Breeder's Cup races last October. Not coincidentally, the 2002 agriculture appropriations bill, which was approved soon thereafter, created a new loan program boondoggle especially for horse breeders. Combest and Stenholm are, respectively, chairman and ranking member of the House Agriculture Committee.... At its January Aviation Issues Conference in Hawaii, the American Association of Airport Executives welcomed Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) and Rep. Harold Rogers (R-KY). chairs of the subcommittees that write transportation spending measures. One must suppose that the issues were just too important to discuss with Murray and Rogers in their Washington offices....
Bur We're Special! Rep. Chris Cannon (R-UT) is appealing a decision by the House “ethics" committee that bars members from accepting free passes to events at the Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City. House rules limit gifts to $50, but Cannon says he hopes the committee will understand the “special circumstances with the Olympics." The Senate “ethics" gurus have has not ruled, but an aide to Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) is quoted as saying that his boss and a staffer would each like to attend at least one event “to observe security measures." Yeah, right! What a tragedy if the people who gave nearly $400 million of our tax dollars to the Olympics have to pay for their own tickets — just like the rest of us!...
Pansies9 Picks. The homosexual Human Rights Campaign has endorsed Sens. Tom Daschle, term-limit promise-breaker Paul Wellstone (D-MN). Mary Landrieu (D-LA) and Max Cleland (D-GA), saying these four have “stood by the gay and lesbian community and have demonstrated leadership on gay and lesbian issues." HRC has also endorsed Max Baucus (D-MT) and Robert Torricelli (D-NJ), and likes Jean Carnahan (D-MO), Susan Coffins (R-ME) and Gordon Smith (R-OR), the latter of whom has “grown" from anti-homo to sickeningly pro-“gay" during his Senate tenure.

craras?
Leftwing Ideology Threatens	Libertarians Side With
National Security	Collectivists on Immigration
Is political correctness acquiring such a hold on the American mind as to constitute a threat to national survival? The question is not asked in jest. For consider, if you will, the latest charges of “racial profiling" laid at the doorstep of John Ashcroft.
At issue is the “absconders." These are illegal aliens who, after being ordered deported for serious reasons, disappear into American society and hide. After Sept. 11, the nation awoke to learn that among the 8 million to 11 million illegal aliens here, some 300,000 were absconders who had ignored or defied their deportation orders.
Discovering that 6,000 of these absconders were citizens of countries with a history of harboring terrorists, the anti-terrorist task forces of the Department of Justice decided to put them at the top of the list for immediate deportation. These 6,000 young men, said The Washington Post, “hail from nations that U.S. authorities consider havens for Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda terrorist network, and some have criminal backgrounds, authorities said.**
To most Americans, the first question might be: Why did it take Justice three months after the massacre of 3,000 Americans by Middle Eastern terrorists to establish such an obvious priority list for deportation from the United States?
However, the Post reports, the Justice Department “plan to give priority to a group of Arab and Muslim men over other foreign nationals has raised concerns among some Arab American and immigrant advocates groups that the Bush administration is practicing racial profiling in its war on terrorism." To Wade Henderson of the Leadership Council on Civil Rights, Justice is using a “dragnet approach" of “rounding up men based on national origin rather than suspicious behavior or credible evidence.”
But what did Henderson expect? That for each young Arab male from Yemen who was here illegally and ignored a deportation order. Justice would run down one Finnish nanny and one Mexican cleaning woman to maintain an ethnic balance? This is carrying the principle of equality of treatment to absurdity.
Lest we forget, the Justice Department is trying to protect the American people by apprehending and removing from our society terrorists and their collaborators whose
goal is to run up the body count of American civilians in their war to terrorize our people. And thus far, the suicide bombers and their accomplices seem to hail from the same region of the world.
As Barry Goldwater said, you go hunting where the ducks are. And these ducks are not in Guatemala. If it had been Mexican drug lords who had crashed the Boeing 767s into the World Trade Center and Pentagon, Justice would rightly be running down Mexican males connected to the drug trafficking to deport. But it was not.
A basic point needs to be established here. If a man commits a crime — be it murder or breaking and entering into the United States — he has no claim to justice just because he is forced to pay the price of the crime, while another evades it. The equal justice under law principle of the 14th Amendment does not mean that if one criminal goes free, all must go free — or if one group of illegal aliens is not deported, all have a right to stay in the United States. We the people of the United States, through the government, decide who stays and who does not, and when they go. Salus populi, suprema lex — the safety of the people is the highest law.
And whatever became of that self-confident nation some of us grew up in during the era of Dwight Eisenhower? In his first days in office in 1953, President Eisenhower determined that all aliens in the United States who had entered illegally would go back where they came from. And he ordered them all deported. The program carried the title of Operation Wetback. Imagine the reaction of the Washington establishment if, tomorrow, George W. Bush announced to the nation he was launching Operation Wetback II.
Americans understood, half a century ago, that if people came into your home who had not been invited and sat down at your table and demanded to be fed, you told them to leave. If they refused, you threw them out of the house. Or called the cops.
Are we a better country because we have allowed perhaps 10 million illegal aliens to walk in, demand the benefits of American citizenship, without being American citizens, and then protest the fact they were not being given equality of treatment in being sent back where they came from? Is it a better country — because it surely is not a safer one, is it?
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwxreators.com.
COPYRIGHT2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Among the adversaries of Big Government on the American scene, few have proven more principled than the libertarians.
Believing with Jefferson that that government governs best which governs least, think tanks like Cato and Von Mises institutes can be found in the van of every movement to roll back taxes or reduce state power. Believing in the adage of the old antiwar activist Randolph Bourne, “War is the health of the state,” libertarians have been among the strongest allies of the Old Right in forging a new foreign policy that keeps America out of wars where the vital interests of the Republic are not threatened.
But on open borders, as on mass immigration, libertarians line up with the Party of Government. And given the consequences of these policies in enhancing state power, the relevant question is why? For on these issues, libertarian principles seem to be leading us directly to Big Government at home and World Government abroad.
Since the 1950s, the European Common Market has evolved into a monstrous and intrusive socialist superstate — the European Union, the very model for world government, now run by faceless bureaucrats who dictate to Europe's nation-states. NAFTA and GATT have spawned new supra-national bodies like the World Trade Organization. While immigration has held down the wages of U.S. workers, where has it reduced state power?
Some 90 percent of the 1.5 million legal and illegal aliens who come here every year are from the Third World. Their crime rate is twice that of the native-born, which translates into diminished security for American citizens and a necessary expansion of state police power — i.e., more cops, judges, courts,
jails, prisons.
As these immigrants are also far poorer than Americans, they are disproportionate users of social services — i.e., health care, food stamps, rent supplements, legal services and general welfare. Immigrants have become the principal propellants of the growth of the welfare state.
Not only do they consume far more in government services than they pay in taxes, they are the sole reason America must build new schools and hire more teachers, indefinitely. And as many children arrive poorly prepared for school, unable to speak the
language, tlicir test* scores pull down (he nation**! averages-aneJ tiiosc scores mrc
then exploited to make the case for still more money to an NEA-dominated system of public education.
And this is the reason the GOP, which in 1992 and 1996 called for the abolition of the Department of Education, somersaulted in 2000, and in collusion with an elated Edward Kennedy, voted for a vast expansion of the resources and power of DOE.
Then, there is the political effect of immigration.
Of the two national parties, libertarians tend to nest in the GOP. But consider what mass immigration is doing to that party. In 1996, Clinton earned first-time Hispanic voters 15-to-l. He also swept six of the seven major immigrant states: Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Illinois, California and Florida. As did Gore, with Florida in dispute. But of the 10 states with the smallest share of immigrant population, George W. Bush carried all 10. And of the 15 with the fewest immigrants, he carried 14.
Thus does mass immigration not only lead to endless enlargement of state power, it points to permanent minority status for any party of limited government. And thus does the pursuit of libertarian principles, on open borders and ally-ally-in-free immigration, lead to Leviathan, the death of the libertarian ideal.
With an anticipated 75 million immigrants poised to enter the United States in the next half century — mostly poor folks, far more prolific than our native-born — there will arise an inexorable need for still more police, jails, prisons, schools, laws, rules, regulations, services and restrictions on all Americans at the local, state and national level.
And so, just as the triumph of libertarian ideas on no-fault divorce accelerated the break-up of families, leading to wives and children thrown into dependency on the state, libertarian devotion to limitless immigration must further enlarge and empower the state. As they stand shoulder-to-shoulder beside Big Government liberals like Clinton, Gore, Daschle and Kennedy — for open borders and mass immigration — libertarians might ask themselves: Who is being had here?
Are libertarian principles leading inexorably to statist ends?
And if so, is it time for a long, hard look back at the sacred texts of the classical liberals of the 19th century? Were they perhaps as utopian, naive and mistaken as the Marxists they opposed?
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Pat Buchanan
Phge 16
Mmi Ambscan News
VIEWPOINT
Amnesty Returns as Sept. 11 Fades
I
With the unemployment rate pushing 6 percent and Ford announcing it will close four plants m the United States and lay off more than 21,000 workers, a light bulb flashed on somewhere in the nether depths of the Bush administration: Wouldn t this be a swell tune to revive the idea of amnesty for illegal aliens?
And the idea is indeed revived. Last week, Mexican Foreign Minister Jorge Castaneda ponied up in Washington and admitted that for the first time since Sept ll| talks with the administration on immigration are advancing “little by little.” He predated a “good outcome” later in the year — which in Castaneda's mind means tuning moat of the Louisiana Purchase over to Mexico.
Amnesty — no one wants to call it that but that’s what it is — was a major morsel on the Bush administration's plate before 19 perfectly legal immigrants earned out the biggest act of mass murder in human history.
After that, amnesty went on the backbumer, while various politicians about pretending to do something about the mass immigration inUfe the Sept 11 massacre possible.
Now. four months later, with the Justice Department still unable to locale or deport aliens suspected of involvement in Sept 11, the public attention span has proved short enough for the administration to get back to Kiviness. As the Los Angeles Times reported last week, “the most sig-development in the national immigration debate is what hasn’t HS lawmaker of influence has moved to reverse the country’s s immigration policy, which for more than three decades facilitated the largest sustained wave of immigration in U.S. y. Proposals to restrict a system that welcomed more than 9 legal immigrants during the 1990s were not even accorded a kraal hearing on Capitol HilL”
But if no lawmakers are moving to cut immigration, the administration, in addi-* i resurrecting amnesty from its political grave, is moving to provide more wel-io legal immigrants. As The Washington Post reported last week, “The Bush ad-MAon proposed yesterday that poor immigrants who have lived legally in the t nitcd States for at least five years be allowed to collect food stamps, restoring part c* the safety | that was removed in a 1996 overhaul of the welfare system.’’
Not only is the Stupid Party reversing its own achievement in welfare reform, but if s encouraging even more illegal immigration by aliens who will now have an
GOP Strategist Sneers at Conservative Voters
Samuel Francis
to gain amnesty, live here for the requisite length of time and get food
By now it ought to be dear that the Republicans have entirely abandoned even jfe pretense of representing the American working- and middle-class voters who gave hor party landslide victories in the 1970s and '80s. In their place, the Republicans pirn to capture the elusive butterfly of the Hispanic vote.
Bat of coarse it's not just Republicans. Democrats too are licking their whiskers ■ ■uinpanna of the Hispanic votes they can gobble far more easily than the GOP. And now both Big Business and Big Labor are on board with Republicans to promote even mare immigration. When Mexican President Vicente Fox addressed a joint session of Congress just before Sept II to push for amnesty, he had the happy support of both the US. Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO.
Amnesty makes no sense even in the best of times, but in the wake of recession and mmstee lay-offs, it’s insane. Amnesty not only will bring more and cheaper labor into (he labor market and (hereby drive down wages, but it will encourage more illegal* so cross the border — at a time when many are starting to go home because even they can’t find jobs here. More food stamps will help entice them to stay.
Bui if amnesty in a recession is insane, amnesty after Sept. 11 is criminal to the point of treason. We already know that terrorists can enter the country legally, and only this week the Post reports federal authorities express worry that “as many as half” of some 5j0(J0 A! Qaeda “loyalists” trained in its camps “may be living in Middle Eastern, European. Asian and North American cities as sleeper agents, awaiting an opportunity to wage jihad, or holy war.” It is simply unbelievable that four months after Sept 11 we still permit any immigration. The truth is our ruling class is demanding even more of it
The refusal of any port of the ruling class — Republican or Democrat, business or labor, liberal or conservative — to reduce or halt immigration ought to tell the American people dial the elite cares nothing for either their wishes or their interests and has learned absolutely nothing from Sept. !L If Americans want to protect either their jobs or thru sheer physical safety from the dangers immigration threatens, they need to find new leaders in both parties soon.
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwxreatorsxom.
COPYRIGHT 24*2 CREATOR# SYNDICATE. INC.
With the revival of amnesty for illegal aliens and support for giving food stamps to legal ones, the Bush administration is transparently returning to its brainstorm of winning the Hispanic vote — which in the last election it conspicuously failed to do and almost lost the election by trying. But never let it be said that the grand strategists for the Bush White House are neglecting their base among mainly white religious conservatives.
Last week, Karl Rove, who planned the Bush campaign in 2000, unbosomed his thoughts about that year’s election to Brian Mitchell of Investors Business Daily. What he disclosed was not that the Republicans are ignoring white religious and social conservatives, but that they hope merely to exploit them.
“The big discrepancy,” said Rove, speaking of the voters the Bush campaign failed to win in the last election, “is among self-identified white, evangelical Protestants, Pentecostals and fundamentalists. If you look at the electoral model, there should have been 19 million of them. Instead, there was [sic] 15 million.... We may have failed to mobilize them.”
Rove’s no fool. Since Bush lost the popular vote to A1 Gore and won the election at all only because Green Party candidate Ralph Nader took votes from the Democrat, it follows that some voters who should have supported the Republican candidate really voted for someone else — or didn’t vote at all. So why didn’t they?
Rove has a ready explanation. All those white, evangelical voters are probably just too bigoted to support someone as enlightened as George W. Bush and his “compassionate conservatism”
“Rove said,” the newspaper reported, “the campaign’s message of inclusion might have turned off some Christian conservatives, whom he described as ’xenophobic’ in the past. He said the GOP would have to work hard to keep them and otherwise ’make up the deficit someplace else.’”
Rove doesn't seem to be able to make up his mind whether all the white Christian “xenophobes” deserted the GOP because they couldn’t stand its efforts to rope in blacks,! Hispanics, homosexuals and women, or whether this electoral bloc is simply vanishing.
“I think we may be seeing to some degree ... a return to the sidelines of some of these previously politically involved religious conservatives,” he said.
The latter explanation may in fact be close to the truth, though not in the way Rove meant it Not a few religious conservatives, seeing that after decades of supporting Republican candidates they’ve gained nothing in terms of changes in abortion law, prayer I in school or pandering to the lavender lobby, are just packing it in. What’s the point of political involvement if all you get, even when you win, is the same stale rhetoric from I officeholders who have no intention of keeping their commitments?
As for the “xenophobes,” Rove presumably means those opposed to mass immigra-l tion and such anti-white racial policies as affirmative action, hate-crimes laws and ban-1 ning the Confederate flag. There’s an overlap between conservatives who care about I such issues and those identifying with the religious right. Given the Bush campaign's pci sitions, or lack thereof, on these matters, and the Republicans’ grotesque pandering to both blacks and Hispanics, it wouldn’t be too surprising if a lot of rank-and-file conser-1 vatives just took a walk in 2000.
Of course, back during the campaign the conventional wisdom among grand strate-l gists like Rove was that either the party no longer needed such voters or could easily I fetch in new voting blocs to take their place. At least today, to judge from what he’s say-I ing now. Rove has figured out that maybe the party does need the white middle class Christian voters after all.
The party needs its old voting base for the simple reason that, despite all the pander! ing to blacks and Hispanics, and all the avoidance of issues that might have alienated them, it still couldn't win their votes. Bush lost the black vote in 2000 by a larger margii than any other Republican since Barry Goldwater. For all the hoopla about how Bush and only Bush could win the Hispanic vote, he won a measly 31 percent.
But what Rove betrays in his interview is not so much the chustened wisdom of a strategist who knows he's blundered, as the smarmy smartness of a Beltway spin wizard “Working hard to keep" the GOP base doesn't mean the party and the candidate will change their positions and approach, but merely that they'll be a bit more cunning to try I to rope conservatives into supporting them next time.
It never dawns on him, or the breed he represents, that that's exactly why the grass-1 roots right delected Iroin the Stupid Party in the last election — and probably has no plans to come back in the next one.
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators SVmJi-l cate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www. creators, com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC,
Match 20dJ
Moot* American Nets
Page 17
Paul Craig Roberts
Economic Freedom Declining
Evcr> year, the Heritage Foundation in Washington, D.C., publishes an Index of Economic Freedom. It is a valuable work that ranks countries in four categories: free, mostly free, mostly unfrec and repressed.
The index gives no comfort to those who believe in Big Government or the equality of cultures. The per capita incomes in the free and mostly free countries are many times higher than those in the unfree ones, thus confirming that economic freedom is an extremely important factor of production.
One of the most striking features of the Heritage Index is the scarcity of freedom. Despite its economic advantages, and despite the power and influence of Great Britain in the 19th century and the U.S. in the 20th century, freedom is barely present in the world. Free peoples comprise a small percentage of the world population and occupy a tiny portion of the landmass. Contrary to multicultural claims, successful cultures are rare.
The index presents paradoxes. For example, according to objective measures Chile is one of the freest countries. Yet, that country's economic and political institutions are entirely the product of reforms implemented by the “tyrant” Gen. Pinochet,
Obviously, the demonization of Pinochet is not supported by the facts.
The index's measures are not without problems. Most of the countries ranked as free owe their inclusion in that category to a definition of economic freedom that ignores a person’s right to the fruits of his own labor. The income tax has taken this right away.
Successful Americans own no more of the income that they produce than did medieval serfs and 19th century slaves. The share claimed by the IRS is equal to the share claimed by feudal lords and slave owners. We can be said to be free only by ignoring government’s extraordinary claim to our personal incomes.
The Heritage Index greatly exaggerates the security of property rights in the United States. The ever-expanding asset seizure laws have made American property rights among the least secure. Over the past 18 years, federal, state and local governments have acquired the power to use a large number of pretexts to confiscate the assets of citizens without bringing any charges against the owners.
The new anti-terrorism laws have expanded the number of pretexts. Most Americans are unaware of the danger, but as the confiscations continue to mount, sooner or later everyone will know someone who has had something confiscated.
The outlook for income and property security in the United States is bleak. Everyone has a vote, but the percentage of voters with income tax liability is shrinking. Currently there are about 129 million taxpayers, but the top 25 percent of income earners — 32 million people — pay 83 percent of the total personal income tax collected. The remaining 75 percent of taxpayers — about 97 million people — bear only 17 percent of the income tax burden, and 70 million voters have no income tax liability whatsoever.
Forty-three percent of those who file income tax returns actually benefit from the income tax, as they collect refundable credits in excess of their tax liabilities.
With 167 million voters with little or no income tax liability and 32 million burdened with 83 percent of the total, it is unlikely that successful Americans can escape their situation as an exploited minority. They are outvoted by five to one, and immigration is worsening the odds.
The massive legal and illegal immigration from the Third World guarantees the tax captivity of successful Americans. Although many of us know immigrants who are successful, the vast majority are “tax users” and comprise a voting bloc for politicians who support income-redistribution programs.
Recently, California GOP gubernatorial candidate Richard Riordan, seeking immigrant votes, addressed the Greenlining Institute, a “nonprofit” organization of Asians, Latinos and blacks that lobbies (illegally?) for minority benefits.
The Jan. 14 Son Francisco Chronicle described Riordan’s audience as minority businessmen, but the newspaper reported that the audience’s concerns were whether Riordan would support their goals for more income taxes on the rich and the repeal of Proposition 13, the landmark measure that limited California property taxes.
Few Americans know it, but many immigrant businesses originate in preferential financing or loan set-asides from the Small Business Administration. What many see as immigrant success is really the fruits of taxpayers' money.
The feeble reduction in income-tax rates that President Bush managed to have enacted is probably our last. Democrats — the party of income redistribution — are already trying to take it back before it phases in.
The Heritage Index’s measure of income and property security in the United States is unrealistic, because it ignores the vulnerability of taxpayers who are a small, shrinking and demonized minority.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Deception in Academia
There have always been liars, but until recent years liars were rare among scientists and scholars. The only agenda scientists and scholars had was truth. They didn't always succeed in finding truth, but it was their goal.
In recent years, we have seen the advent of a new breed of scientist and scholar to whom ideological or political agendas are more important than truth. Hoping to close two national forests, government scientists planted evidence that the forests were inhabited by an endangered species of lynx.
The scientists’ dishonesty undermined a three-year study and confirmed suspicions that some government scientists fake studies in order to control environmental policy. Only highly politicized scientists would behave in ways that endanger the authority of science.
Scholars, too, have become enamored with causes that are more important to them than truth. According to news reports, Emory University historian Michael Bellesiles apparently believes so strongly in gun control that he invented a history for the purpose of undermining the Constitution’s Second Amendment, the right of citizens to own guns.
Bellesiles* politically correct book, “Arming America,” was awarded the Bancroft Prize, a prestigious award for historians. But scholars examining the work say that Bellesides’ conclusions are based on made-up and nonexistent sources.
Bellesides argues that gun ownership was so rare among early Americans, even on the frontiers, that no one would have cared enough about the right to give it constitutional protection. He claims to have studied many wills and to have found scant evidence of guns being bequeathed to heirs.
When skeptical scholars checked his sources, they found he claimed to have studied wills of people in Colonial Rhode Island known to have died without wills. He also claims to have studied probate records in San Francisco for the years 1849-59. However, the city’s librarians say no such records exist. They were destroyed in the 1906 earthquake.
The appearance on the scene of scientists and scholars who betray the public’s trust in their integrity in order to advance ideological agendas is frightening. It means that the enculturation of scientists and scholars is failing in the graduate schools where they are trained.
When the canons of scholarly objectivity become widely abandoned, truth ceases to guide decisions. Public policy outcomes and court cases depend on which side has
the best propaganda and can more effectively demonize or vilify ilie other jyarty. Education become* the propaganda of the group that controls the schools.
Indeed, education is already being pried loose from any relation to truth. Marxists denied the existence of any truth by claiming that “truth” was nothing but the expression of class interests — a claim that allowed Marxists to ignore facts that undermined their arguments.
Class Marxism has given way to Cultural Marxism, which claims truth is just an expression of race interest, gender interest and sexual orientation. According to these multiculturalists, there is a different “truth” for men and women, heterosexuals and homosexuals, blacks and whites, able-bodied and disabled.
All these “truths” are claimed to be equally valid. Therefore, there is no valid basis for defending American culture from an influx of Third World cultures. Anyone who complains about the transformation of America into a tower of Babel is dismissed as racist or xenophobic.
Cultural Marxism has achieved a dominant position in American education. Consequently, there is a breakdown in enculturation. An appreciation of Western civilization is not being passed on even to native-born whites attending the best universities.
Before our very eyes, history is being transformed into politically correct fantasy. Everyone knows the photograph of the three white fireman who raised an American flag on September 11 on the nibble of the World Trade Center. A 19-foot bronze statue of the photo has been commissioned for the site—only first the race of the firefighters had to be changed.
A statue true to fact is “insensitive” and “divisive.” A clay model shows one white, one black and one Hispanic.
Firefighters are complaining that a historical event has been turned into a politically correct event. Carlo Casoria, who lost his firefighter son in the rubble, said: “They’re rewriting history in order to achieve political correctness.” The multicultural reply is: “The artistic expression of diversity [s]hou!d supersede any concern over factual correctness.”
Multicultural diversity has made such a hash of truth that the U.S. cannot truthfully represent in a public monument the defiant response, burned in every American's memory, to al Qaeda's successful attack on the World Trade Center.
Is the next step to put us in reeducation camps and erase our memories? Or is that what the universities are doing?
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC.
P*ge 18
Middle American W«w
VIEWPOINT
China Aids Terror Threat to U.S.
Addressing American businessmen in Hong Kong, U.S. Ambassador to Beijing Clark T. Randt said when President George Bush visits China, talks with Chinese leader Jiang Zemin will cover “make or break issues," including Taiwan, human rights and weapons proliferation.
This is another way of saying we wish the People’s Republic would stop bullying Taiwan. brutalizing dissidents and arming Third World thugs with the means to start World War
m.	^
“Our experience to date is that China does not have an effective export control regime for sensitive materials and items" the ambassador observed. Diplomats are given to such euphemisms.
There are seven nations on the U.S. State Department’s list of terrorist states. All shop at Betting's weapons-of-mass-destniction superstore, though some only buy accessories.
Pakistan and India almost clashed over terrorism in the Kashmir. If there is a nuclear war on the subcontinent, we can thank the PRC. China put Pakistan in the nuclear business — and, by extension, aided ex-allies of Islamabad,! as well Two former members of Pakistan’s Atomic Energy Commission are suspected of passing on information on making a low-grade nuclear device to Osama ban Laden.
The Pentagon says China is a “principal supplier of nuclear technology to |rVLMlad week, the State Department slapped sanctions on two Chinese firms for transferring chemical and biological weapons know-how to Tehran.
Chinese experts have been helping Saddam Hussein rebuild and expand Iraq ’a air defense systems and radar stations with fiber-optic upgrades linking strategic sites.
Libya gets Chinese support for its ballistic missile program. Sudan trades oil for Chinese military hardware. North Korea procures raw materials and equipment for its missile program through Chinese companies.
After Russia closed its intelligence base in Cuba, China moved to fill the void by helping Castro modernize his satellite-tracking center. When he visited the island in April 2001, Jiang agreed to extend $400 million in credits, in part to help the regime modernize its telecommunications network.
More than economics is at work here. Beijing's military trade with rogue states is helping is to build up a worldwide anti-American alliance.
At the same time, China is rapidly expanding its own military. A just-released CIA report estimates that by 2015, China could have 100 long-range nuclear missiles aimed at the Lotted Stales, many oo hard-to-locate mobile launchers. The regime is committed to the conquest of Taiwan and views its nuclear force as deterrence insurance should America try lo intervene.
hi 2000, China became the world’s biggest arms importer, acquiring an estimated $3 billion in weapons, including the latest Russian warships, subs and tanks. On Jan. 4, the Kremlin announced it was building two more Sovremenny-ciass destroyers for the Chinese, at a cost of Si billion, to be delivered in 2006.
Vietnam, the Philippines, Taiwan and Japan are all apprehensive. Beijing certainly doesn t need this military might to suppress the Falun Gong meditation movement or deal wdb a few Islamic separatists in its Xinjiang region.
To complement China’s military expansion, Jiang has cultivated a rabid nationalism that portrays America as the mortal enemy of the Middle Kingdom.
In many ways. Beijing s propaganda mirrors the rhetoric of Islamic militants, except that instead of portraying America as a nation of decadent infidels, China’s rulers have taught the masses to see us as mad hegemonists bent on frustrating and humiliating the Chinese nation.
This has led to such venomous outpourings as gloating over Sept. 11 on Chinese-lan-piage websites. Writing in The New York Times, Nicholas D. Kristof mentioned a Sept. 12 uncheon at an elite Communist Party school, where there were smiles of satisfaction over
he deaths of 3,000 Americans.
When Bush visits China, it should be with the realization that terror comes in many arises. They may not hide in caves or talk of jihad, but China’s communist nilers are just as ----mined to our downfall — and far better equipped to achieve that evil end.
Multiculturalists Attack English Use
In Paterson, N.J., English on the job was thrown out of court.
The New York Times gleefully reported on the rout of an attempt to get court workers to speak the common tongue (“Mayor Rescinds Judge’s English-Only Directive"). Earlier this month. Judge Karole Graves of the Paterson city court issued the following directive: “Please be advised that all employees are to speak English while you are at your work stations. Other languages are only to be spoken when translating or assisting customers.’’
The judge acted after an employee complained, because she thought co-workers were talking about her in Spanish. A deputy court administrator told a local newspaper: “There are a bunch of girls that, when they huddle together, just speak Spanish. It’s very distracting."
However — with an eye to the local Latino vote — Mayor Martin Barnes reversed Graves. “I don’t know what happened or why it I happened, but it's something we’re not going to enforce,** his honor harrumphed.
The mayor professed to be at a loss to understand why a judge would want court workers to speak the language in which our laws are written and justice is administered.
Lawrence S. Lustberg, a civil liberties lawyer, says Graves’ order was “racist and inflexible, and extremely disturbing.’*
Expecting immigrants to learn the language of their adopted land is akin to a cross-burning? Asking employees to help create a congenial environment by communicating in a language everyone I understands is “inflexible"?
Lustberg is part of a chorus on the left. The National Educa- I tion Association says English only “promotes divisiveness and hostility toward those whose first language is not English."
The League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) calls it — what else? — “linguistic racism.'* Interestingly, in its 1929 constitution,	I
the league acknowledged its members had a civic duty “to foster the acquisition and I facilitate the use of the official language of our country." That was before LULAC became an organization of ethnic grudge-bearers.
With bilingual education, multilingual ballots, drivers license exams in everything from Albanian to Vietnamese and mandated translation services, we make it so easy for the foreign-bom to avoid learning English.
The result should surprise no one. According to the Census Bureau, almost half I of all New York City residents speak a language other than English at home. Nation-1 ally, 45 million don’t speak English in their homes — including 14 million native-born.
Don Feder
To find out more about Don Feder. and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYUGHT 2H2 BOSTON HERALD DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Across the nation, there are enclaves of language alienation. When a Ukrainian immigrant murdered his family last fall, the police investigation was hampered by the fact that most Ukrainians in Citrus Heights, Calif., speak only Russian or Ukrai- I man.
In Columbus, Ohio, police carry language-identification booklets, so they'll know which translator to call for the 30 to 40 language groups in central Ohio. Los Angeles County employs 420 full-time court interpreters. Each is paid $265 a day.
As a parting present to multiculturalism. President Bill Clinton signed Executive I Order 13166, which mandates that every recipient of federal funding become a multi-language service provider. The Bush administration isn’t eager to enforce the order, but won’t repeal it
Most Americans would fight to preserve English — if they could only find a leafier. Currently. 24 states have laws requiring that government business be conducted in English. Several were enacted by ballot, including California (with 73 percent of the vote) and Florida (84 percent). Seemingly every day, another group springs up to champion the cause. The more active include English First. Pro-English and U.S. English.
But here, as elsewhere, it's the people vs. the culture. Ethnic lobbies, liberal elites and the political establishment tell language separatists they have a constitutional right to converse in their language of choice — that they should learn English only if they feel like it, speak English only when and where they choose.
“United We Stand," proclaimed the posl-Scpt. 11 signs. What unices a people more than a common tongue? We can yack all we want about unity, but there are powerful forces working lo fragment us in the name of equality and inclusion.
To find out more about Don Feder. and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at whw. creators, com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 BOSTON HERALD DISTRIBUTED BV CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC.
Does America Have a Future?
The establishment and the media elite would rather that the American people not read Patrick Buchanan's new book “The Death of the West: How Dying Populations and Immigrant Invasions Imperil Our Country and Civilization.” That’s the impression I got from the way he was interviewed on NBC’s “Today Show.”
The interviewer showed no indication that he had read the book. The questioning had more to do with politics and pejoratives than with the content.
The depressing title of the book should be followed by a question mark because it's not a prediction; it's a wake-up call to Americans to look at what is happening to our nation so we can take remedial action — that is, if we have the will to do so. But the | book warns we are running out of time.
The most dramatic (and hitherto unreported) change that has taken place since 1965 is that our nation has replaced our own babies with aliens who do not share our culture. The American birth rate is below replacement level wbile immigrants and illegal aliens from Third World countries are populating our land at a rate at least five times greater than before 1965.
W hen Richard Nixon became President in 1969, there were 9 million foreign-bom in the United States. By the time George W. Bush took his oath of office last year, there were 30 million.
Some people think this is a positive development; Bill Clinton told a cheering student audience in 1998 that there will soon “be no majority race in the United States.” No wonder he likes this trend: in 1996, he carried six of the seven states with the largest numbers of immigrants, and in 2000 Al Gore carried five of them and Florida was a dead heat.
Don't count on immigrants coming from European countries any more, because their women, too, have stopped having enough babies, and by 2050, a third of Europe’s people will be over age 60. By 2050,
Germany's population will have shrunk from 82 million to 59 million, Italy’s from 57 million to 41 million, and Russia’s from 147 million to 114 million (a loss greater than the 30 million killed by Stalin).
The millions who came to America from Europe are now fully assimilated. They learned our language and today they are sporting American flags on their cars and houses.
Those who cross our border today are not becoming full participants in American society and do not learn our language. Millions of Mexicans broke our laws to get here and do not intend to renounce their loyalty to their native country.
We’ve come full circle from the original civil rights movement of Dr. Martin Luther King. Liberal chic is now segregation dressed up as multiculturalism, diversity and identity-group politics.
Reminding us of George Orwell’s warning that “who controls the past controls the futureBuchanan describes the all-out war that has been waged against our past, eliminating heroes and holidays, abolishing mottoes and symbols, defacing flags and statues, silencing songs and banning books, and falsely teaching schoolchildren that America’s history is shameful.
A chapter on how America has been de-Christianized shows that it wasn’t only the Pilgrim fathers who spoke openly of the United States as a Christian nation. Buchanan reminds us that similar statements supporting our religious and Christian foundations used to be made by such liberal idols as Woodrow Wilson, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry Truman, Chief Justice Earl Warren, Justice William Douglas, and even Supreme Court decisions.
But no more. The god of the new tolerance demands that even our tax dollars support disgusting blasphemies against the sacred icons of Christianity.
The public schools, whipped into line by the imperial judiciary, indoctrinate our youth with the new orthodoxy. They enforce the new commandments: all lifestyles and cultures are equal, and thou shalt not be judgmental.
Out went Adam and Eve, in came “Heather Has Two Mommies”; out went pictures of Christ, in came drawings of apes pretending to walk like humans; out went Easter, in came Earth Day; out went teachings against homosexuality, in came teachings against homophobia; out went the Ten Commandments, in came condoms.
Words are weapons and Buchanan shows how the liberals hurl ugly epithets as weapons to intimidate and lay a guilt trip on traditional Americans. It’s not Ronald Reagan's America any more.
“The Death of the West” is an executive summary of the history of the last half century, and Buchanan's immense knowledge and inimitable writing style make that dreary report a must-read. His points are graced with word pictures and metaphors, delicious examples of liberal hypocrisies and double standards, and an extraordinary collection of quotations.
The facts in Buchanan’s book are sensational, and the 'Today Show” didn't dispute a single one. We need a national debate on this politically incorrect book because it challenges us to ask the questions: Is demography destiny? Can the West have a new renaissance?
America has many examples of a single book igniting a movement, some positive, some negative: “Uncle Tom’s Cabin,” “Silent Spring”, “Unsafe at Any Speed,” and 'The Population Bomb.” Buchanan's book can do likewise if it is discussed and debated in the media, in Congress, and in universities.
fcj 2002 Copley Newt Service
Feminism Meets Terrorism
One of the unintended consequences of the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center on Sept. 11,2001, was the dashing of feminist hopes to make America a gender-neutral or androgynous society. New York City’s FireMEN dared to charge up the stairs of the burning Twin Towers, and the firefighters* death tally was: men 343, women 0.
It is a testament to their courage and skill that many thousands of people were successfully evacuated despite mass confusion. The fewer than 3,000 office workers who died were mostly trapped above the explosions and could not have been evacuated under any scenario.
The feminists had made repeated attempts to sex-integrate New York’s fire department through litigation, even though the women could not pass the physical tests. They even persuaded a judge to rule that upper body strength is largely irrelevant to firefighting.
Sept. 11 called for all the masculine strength that strong men could muster. Firefighting is clearly a job for real men to do the heavy-lifiing, not affirmative-action women.
President George W. Bush sent our Special Forces to the rugged and remote Afghan hills and caves to get the terrorists, dead or alive. Fighting the Taliban is a job for real men.
When the national media interviewed some of our Marines, one of our guys said, “There’s no place I’d rather be than here.” America is fortunate that the warrior culture has survived 30 years of feminist fantasies and that some men are still macho enough to relish the opportunity to engage and kill the bad guys of the world.
Watching the war pictures on television, we almost expected to see “High Noon” sheriff Gary Cooper or John Wayne riding across the plains. I suggest the feminists go to see the new movie “Black Hawk Down” and reflect on the reality that women could not have done what our men did in Somalia.
For several decades, the feminists have been demanding that we terminate the discrimination that excludes women from “career advancement” in every section of the U.S. armed forces, assuring us that hand-to-hand combat is a relic of the past and that all our wars will now involve only pulling triggers and pushing buttons. Tell that to our troops who trudged over land mines and jagged rocks where there are not even any roads.*
In the '80s and ’90s. the feminist assault on the right to he a masculine? man he— came increasingly obvious and hostile. It was not just a semantic parlor game when they
insisted that the words manly, masculine and gentleman be excised from our vocabulary.
The feminists are playing for keeps. They attacked the right to be a masculine man in the U.S. armed services, the kind of man who would rush into a burning building to save a woman or search the Afghan caves for Osama bin Laden.
The feminists have intimidated our military into using a training system based on gender-norming the tests, rewarding effort rather than achievement, and trying to assure that females are not “underrepresented” in officer ranks. It’s bad enough that men are forbidden to question the double standards or preferential treatment given to women; it is dishonorable to induce them to lie about it.
The feminists have used the courts to try to criminalize masculinity. Feminist lawyers first created judge-made law to expand the statutory definition of sex discrimination to include sexual harassment, and they now prosecute sexual harassment on the basis of how a woman feels rather than what a man does.
The feminists’ attack on the right to be a masculine man is in full swing at colleges and universities. Feminism is a major tenet of political correctness, and the female faculty are the watchdogs of speech codes.
Subservience to feminist orthodoxy on campuses is not only mandatory, it is nondebatable. Women’s studies courses and many sociology courses are tools to indoctrinate college women in feminist ideology and lay a guilt trip on all men, collectively and individually.
The feminists use Title IX, not as a vehicle to ensure equal educational opportunity for women, but as a machete to destroy the sports at which men excel. Since 1993, 43 colleges have eliminated wrestling teams, 53 have eliminated golf, 13 have eliminated football, and the number of colleges offering men’s gymnastics has dropped from 128 to 23.
The feminist battalions are even on the warpath against the right to be a boy. In elementary schools across America, recess is rapidly being eliminated, shocking numbers of little boys are drugged with psychosomatic drugs to force them to behave like little girls, and zero-tolerance idiocies are punishing boys for indulging in games of normal boyhood such as cops and robbers.
Of course, when you wipe out masculine men, you also eliminate gentlemen, the kind of men who would defend and protect a lady — like the gentlemen who stepped aside so that, of the people who survived the sinking of the Titanic, 94 percent of those in first-class and 81 percent of those in second-class were women.
(c) 2002 Copley News Service
Phyllis Schlafly
March 2002
H&20
Mnu American /Vims
VIEWPOINT
Feds Toy With National ID
V tj PIqMi TrlAfl]
Hi\in| had to retreat from legislative attempts to establish a national ID card Areugh Social Security numbers or special health-care identifiers. Congress seems to be tryreg a new tad; lo implement this wholly un-American idea. Congress has suggested thtf the Department of Transportation develop “model guidelines for encoded data on Aiuarli licenses."
That\ bureaucratese for turning driver's licenses into a de facto national ID card. Thu ominous suggestion was buried in last year's conference report on the Department of Ttaupoitation's appropriations request Even though this is not legislation, the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators (AAMVA) is already working ask he Justice Department and the General Services Administration to set up the *vMem This non-official organization asserts that it has the “responsibility and obligation" to eliminate the lack of uniformity in state driver's licenses, and is demanding $70 million lo dote the “loopholes/'
Sorry association, under our federal system of government, driver's licenses are in At exclusive jurisdiction of the states, and you have no authority to require uniformity. The dnrensty of federalism is part of what we call freedom.
The pushers of a national ID card are trying to ride the wave of worries about the Sept 11 tragedies. But there is no evidence that a national ID card would have prevented the hijacking v since all 19 hijackers had visas issued by government officials, most of them had Social Security numbers, and several had legally issued driver’s licenses.
Americans already have experience with the federal government giving everyone a number. When Social Security was instituted in the 1930s, we were promised “This card ii not to be used for identification." Demands that we provide our Social Security i—ihrr are now so ubiquitous that identity theft has become big business. Before we even talk about new national numbers, the government should clean up the mess it has already created by allowing Social Security numbers to be used for non-Social Security
I W*poae*. -m:%	^	3$
In arguing for a national ID card, an association spokesman said that birth certificates and Social Security cards can be forged. Yes, but driver's licenses can be forged, loo. and several stales even issue driver's licenses to illegal aliens. This plan is clearly a vast expansion of federal power, with association CEO Linda R. Lewis calling bluntly for "federal intervention." But the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators is leas than forthcoming in describing the mailed fist in the velvet glove of the dnver a liccy ijom u a prvptmng Tht* plan i* not just a simple process of requis-H aaport wunry guards to match your face with the card you present. Transforming suae driver’s licenses into a national ID card poses bigger problems than just an offense agamm federalism.
Whar’s lurking behind this new proposal is a computer, which is tied into a giant natkmal database, which is administered by government officials, which is subject to pose and error. Government busybodies would have access to your entire life history: poor travels, your money, your medical treatments and your school records. But that's lot all. This information would become available to banks, lending agencies, credit card gun shops, auto dealers, colleges and, of course, all law enforcement
igenciei
The accuracy of the database would pose persistent problems. Computers have pitches, humans mistakes, and we all know how hitting one wrong digit or letter pcvoMi the proper file from appearing on the screen. The error rate in current government flmrinun. such as Internal Revenue and Social Security, is already an embarrassment. Those mistakes, which may take weeks to rectify, are a costly annoyance.
but what if the mistake prevents you from boarding a plane to meet a scheduled appointment? Or withdrawing money to pay your taxes or mortgage on time? Or being adnaitd lo Ac emergency room?
Tins proposed driver's license system is not about preventing terrorism, and it's not even about identity It’s about requiring individual American citizens to get government prmnsmon for traveling, banking, medical care, renting or buying housing, attending school or cottefr ad even getting a job.
The problem Am confronts America today is fdreign-spontored terrorism, and we mam dram a bright line of different treatment between UJ. citizens and aliens. Our government should monitor As whereabouts of aliens, but NOT require U.8. citizens to rebftqui sfa our freedom.
Aliens, both the illegals and those in our country on temporary visas, should be required lo carry and show a smart ID card wiA photo and fingerprint It is long pest Uam for Ac immigration and Naturalization Service lo implement an entry-exit system in we cao deport Ac some 10 million illegals and Ac temporary viiiton who promised to depart on a dale certain
And, yes, airlines should engage in profiling. The St. Louis police warned repeat-wily dial tliey would be profiling scalpers at the Rams football playoff game 11 it's OK o profile scalpers, u should be OK to profile people who arc trying to tiiuidct us.
U) 2002 Copley Newt Servo*
GOP Faces Hour of Decision
By Paul Craig Roberts
Pledging to win a larger share of Hispanic and black votes, the Republican National Committee completed its winter meeting. This fateful decision could mean either the end of class and race political war in the United States or the demise of the Republican Party.
The outcome depends on how Republicans approach the task. The GOP can base its appeal to minorities on assimilation to American culture, on the promise of an opportunity society based on low taxes and decreased regulation, on respect for parental authority and a reduction in government intrusion in family affairs, and on respect for individual achievement and self-reliance.
If Hispanics and blacks desire a free and independent life, they will respond positively to the offer.
The alternative approach is to compete with Democrats in offering income-support programs and race-based preferences.
The first approach would not only rally the demoralized Republican constituency, but also provide a test whether immigrants are committed to American principles or to income redistribution. The personal income tax burden rests on 32 million taxpayers (primarily white males), who deserve to know whether they have a future different from tax slavery.
The alternative approach — pandering, preferences and handouts — will destroy the Republican Party.
Many of the Republican Party's natural constituents are disgusted and alienated by the party’s wobbly principles and refuse to vote. Experts have pointed out that had Bush received 2 percent or 3 percent more votes from the white population, he would have swamped A1 Gore in the Electoral College. If Bush competes for minorities on the Democrats' terms, he will lose more white votes than he will gain minority votes.
Moreover, whatever handouts the Republicans offer, the Democrats will offer more. Two political parties competing to redistribute income and expand minority privileges would spell the swift end of the United States
Most immigrants to America are poor and uneducated. They are tax-users. Sensing the white guilt that weakens resistance to income redistribution, organizations that speak for immigrants lobby for more benefits. Large and concentrated immigrant populations, combined with the emphasis on muiticuituraJism, make assimilation dif-iicult^	,
Fearing that a principled approach to minorities will fail. GOP pandering has already begun. Witness President Bush's plan to legalize millions of illegal Mexican immigrants and to provide food stamps for legal aliens.
Democrats will outbid him. Republican voters will desert the GOP.
Millions of Americans believe that their culture is being overrun from abroad and overturned from within, and that they are forced to pay for their corresponding loss of community and sense of self wi A their own tax dollars.
Black and white New York City councilmen are pulling down portraits of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. Malcolm X is taking their place. There is no longer a George Washington Day, but there is a Martin Luther King Day.
Announcing a MLK Jr. portrait that will hang prominently in the White House, President Bush accepted the replacement of our Founding Fathers with new heroes: “Some figures in history, renowned in their day, grow smaller with the passing of time. The man (MLK Jr.) from Atlanta, Georgia, only grows larger with the years. America is a better place because he was here, and we will honor his name forever."
Many Republicans will see in Aese words Ae Republican Party's acquiescence to racial preferences and unequal rights for whites. The war against terrorism and Ae illusion that Ae country has pulled together have led Republicans to conclude that they can broaden Aeir political base by betraying Ae people who vote for them.
When Ae Democrats tried this, they lost Ae “solid SouA."
To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts% and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.conu
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Christians Under Attack
According to Newsweek s Howard Fineman, it is the intention of the Democrat Party to launch an all-out political attack on conservative Christians during the next election cycle. In a recent article, Fineman writes that “Democrats are planning a daring assault on the most critical turf in politics: the cultural mainstream."
Democrats will accuse the Republican Party of being out of the mainstream because it is under the control of the “religious right,” a force within America that minors the bigotry of the Taliban and does not “honor the ideals of tolerance — religious, sexual, racial, reproductive — at home.” The New York Times is cooperating by referring to Islamic radicals as “the religious right.”
As vicious as this seems at first glance, it should come as no surprise. For more than 40 years, the heathen left have successfully executed a systematic, step by step dismantlement of a structure of morals and values carefully put in place to protect the history, heritage and cultural identity of America.
Our books, movies, art, television and music are a unified chorus of smut and anti-social messages. We curse in public places; the media make celebrities of serial murderers; our children are taught about condoms in the third grade; the Boy Scouts are under attack to embrace atheists and homosexuals; the family is being legally undermined: churches are pressured to rewrite scriptures to accommodate those who are proud of their transgressions; religious apartheid is officially sanctioned and practiced by the government; and bewildered taxpayers are told they have no choice but to pay for liberal propaganda, blasphemous art and pornography on public television.
In his new book “The Death of the West,” Pat Buchanan describes what has happened with these chilling words: “In half a lifetime, many Americans have seen their God dethroned, their heroes defiled, their culture polluted, their values assaulted, their country invaded, and themselves demonized as extremists and bigots for holding on to beliefs Americans have held for generations.”
A few years ago. Dr. James C. Dobson, president of Focus on the Family, reminisced about the way America was in 1954 when he graduated from high school. In searching through the news archives, he came across a statement made by Earl Warren, chief justice of the Supreme Court. Chief Justice Warren, remembered as a liberal jurist, was quoted in Time magazine on Feb. 15, 1954. as follows:
“I believe no one can read the history of our country without realizing that the Good Book and the spirit of the Savior have from the beginning been our guiding geniuses... I believe the entire Bill of Rights came into being because of the knowledge our forefathers had of the Bible and their belief in it: freedom of belief, of expression, of assembly, of petition, the dignity of the individual, the sanctity of the home, equal justice under law, and the reservation of powers to the people...”
Less than 50 years later, if a nominee to the Supreme Court today said what Chief Justice Warren said, he would not have any chance at all of being confirmed by the Senate. He would be considered too extreme to interpret the Constitution.
He would come under immediate and heavy attack by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the National Organization for Women (NOW), the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), the National Education Association (NEA), Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA), the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation League (GLAAD), Sen. Chuck Schumer (CS), the Jewish Anti-Defamation League (JADL), The National Council of Churches (NCC), various organizations dedicated to the promotion of illegal immigration, and assorted other self-righteously outraged constituencies of the Democrat Party.
If a teacher in a public school in America today, in general assembly or in a history class, were to say what Supreme Court Justice Warren said, that teacher would be labeled a mean-spirited racist bigot, accused of spewing hate in the classroom, and sent to “sensitivity” training for the purpose of erasing the completely unacceptable idea that there might be something unique or superior in the way the United States of America came into being.
In a larger sense, anything having to do with religion, particularly the symbols and ideas of the Christian religion, has been treated like an unhealthy contamination, and systematically exorcised out of what has come to be called the public (as opposed to the private) sector. Unfortunately, essentially everything in the country has been declared to be in the “public” sector and hence subject to unconstrained stale control.
Perhaps the greatest challenge facing America today is whether people of faith will allow themselves to be quarantined.
Universities Assail America
Parents who spend $30,000 or more a year to provide their offspring a prestigious education at an Ivy League school are almost certain to be buying their sons and daughters a first-class indoctrination into radical left-wing ideology — from which they may never recover.
It is not exactly news to find that many of the professors at schools such as Harvard, Yale and Princeton don’t think like most mainstream Americans, and make no effort to disguise their contempt for Western culture, religious faith, patriotism and capitalism. They fuzzily believe that communism or something like it should probably be given another chance.
The latest survey to measure the ideological outlook of Ivy League professors was conducted by the Luntz Research Companies. Several questions were posed to 151
professors, most of whom teach in the humanities. Their answers revealed a lock step, collectivist parade of conforming liberals. As far as the eye could see, or the survey could reach, there was essentially no evidence of intellectual diversity.
For example, of those professors who voted in the 2000 election, 84 percent voted for A1 Gore, 9 percent voted for George Bush, and 6 percent voted for Ralph Nader.
Asked about party affiliation, 3 percent admitted they were Republicans while 57 percent declared themselves Democrats. This is a sharp contrast from surveys of the general population with 37 percent declaring themselves Republicans and 34 percent confessing that they are Democrats. When asked to name the best president of the past 40 years “all things considered,” Clinton got 26 percent, Kennedy 17
percent, Johnson 15 percent. Carter 13 percent, and Ronald Reagan 4 percent.
Forty percent of the professors support reparations for slavery, which compares with only 11 percent support in the general population as measured in national polls.
The purpose of the survey was to measure the political views of those who teach the humanities and compare them with the views of mainstream America. Those who enter the field of education because they want to be social or political change agents are attracted to the teaching of soft subjects in the humanities such as English literature, history and sociology.
The reason is simple. If, for example, one is teaching math, things have to add up. If,
however, one is teaching a revisionist version t>f history, or a feminist version orisecmry
works by “dead white males,” nothing has to add up. and the subject matter may serve as a platform for the trashing of American culture, values and traditions.
Lee Bockhom is an associate editor of The Weekly Standard. He wrote an opinion piece about the survey which accepted the obvious reality that “the poll results are pretty damning for those who would still deny that professors at America’s most prestigious universities are, on balance, somewhere to the left of Che Guevara.” At the same time he was not particularly worried, agreeing with colleague David Brooks, who wrote, “... most students today are so apolitical that whatever radical propagandizing their professors are doing doesn’t seem to be nibbing off on them. They may be turning into relativists but they're not turning into socialists.”
Arnold Beichman, distinguished scholar at the Hoover Institution, is not so optimistic concerning the role of “intellectuals” in our society. His recent article in The Washington Times is descriptively titled “Barbarians at the Lectern.” He cites the deep-rooted hatred aiticulated by intellectual Susan Sontag, who said in 1967 that “the white race is the cancer of human history,” and asserted in 2001 that the September 11 tragedy was not a tragedy at all but “an attack on the world’s self-proclaimed superpower, undertaken as a consequence of specific American alliances and actions.” The University of California at Los Angeles recently purchased the literary archives of Sontag for a reported record $1.1 million.
Beichman writes, “It is one of the anomalies of our time that it was highly intelligent people who willingly and actively supported Lenin, Stalin, Hitler or Mao during the 20th century supremacy of these master genocidists.”
The “blame America” crowd heard today on college campuses reminds Beichman that these “irrational intellectuals ... are with us today as they were back in 1932 when Theodore Dreiser, Sherwood Anderson, Erskine Caldwell, Edmund Wilson, John Dos Passos, Lincoln Steffens, Malcolm Cowley and Upton Sinclair, among others, signed a joint letter endorsing the communist presidential candidate because, they wrote, ‘It is capitalism which is destructive of all culture, and communism which desires to save civilization and its cultural heritage from the abyss to which the world crisis is driving it.'”
Many deeply deluded intellectuals are today standing at the lectern delivering repackaged and poisonous anti-American messages to our young sons and daughters.
To find out more about Linda Bowles. and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com. Linda Bowles' e-mail address is lindabowles@starhand.net
COPYRIGHT 2002 LINDA BOWLES
1
Linda Bowles
COPYRIGHT 2002 LINDA BOWLES
Page 22
Middle American News
U.S. Aircraft Industry Threatened
During the great NAFTA dehate of 1993, Americans were told the only jobs we would lose to Mexico were “dead-end" jobs that our high-tech labor force should no longer be doing. At the same time, we would be creating the kinds of jobs Americans do best like building commercial jetliners.
And indeed, since 1994, America has lost 689,000 jobs in textiles and apparel — dead-end jobs to pundits, but to the folks who lost them, the best jobs they ever had.
Suddenly, however, after the textile industry went to Mexico, the auto I industry followed, though the jobs of U.S. autoworkers were among the best-paid on earth. Mexico now exports 90 percent more cars to the United States than America exports to the entire world. In 2000, the United States, which invented the auto industry, had a trade deficit in autos and auto parts of almost $120 billion.
Now comes the turn of aerospace, the crown jewel of U.S. manufacturing. It. too, is heading south. As Joel Millman of The Wall Street Journal writes: “Like the automakers that turned the cities of Tolucca,
Hermosillo and Sautillo into Little Detroit in the 1990s, Boeing Corp., |
General Dynamics Co., Honeywell International Inc. and General Electric Co.'s GE Aircraft Engines are beginning to make Mexico a base for both parts manufacture and assembly.”
What is the attraction of Mexico over an America that used to monopolize commercial aircraft production? “You can only cut costs so much with new machinery,” says John Monarch, president of GE supplier Smith West. “Pretty soon you need to lower labor costs, too.” Dnessen Aircraft Interior Systems pays its Mexican workers only $20 a day, which breaks down to $2.50 an hour — less than half the U.S. minimum wage.
Now, if aircraft can be made by Mexican workers for $20 a day and computers can be made by Chinese workers for $10 a day, what is left that America manufactures that cannot be made, far more cheaply, outside the United States? Answer: virtually nothing.
To our ruling class, it does not matter where manufacturing is done, or by whom. If it can be done at lower cost abroad, let foreign workers take the jobs from U.S. workers. The betrayal is justified in the name of efficiency. As for our $450 billion merchandise trade deficit, who cares? After all, trade deficits do not matter.
Or sp America’s elites now believe. To them, foreign trade is it§ own reward — and those who concern themselves with matters like the loss of our manufacturing base, or economic independence, are living in the past, as they march confidently into the new Global Economy. But while America may believe that none of this matters, other nations act as if it matters greatly, and they are ruthlessly exploiting our indifference to our own industrial decline and death.
Consider our three largest trading partners: Mexico, Canada and Japan. A year after NAFTA, Mexico devalued and the peso lost two-thirds of its value. This tripled the prices of U.S. goods in Mexico, while slashing the prices of Mexican goods in the United States by two-thirds. Our trade surplus with Mexico vanished, and Mexico rose out of recession by capturing a good slice of the American market from the American businesses and workers who formerly had it.
After the U.S.-Canada trade deal, Canada let its dollar fall 25 percent against the U.S. dollar, giving Canadian loggers and wheat growers a decisive advantage over their American rivals. Today, the U.S. trade deficit with Canada and Mexico is among the largest on earth.
Since Sept. 11, Japan has let the yen fall 12 percent against the dollar, giving Japanese exporters an immediate and huge advantage over U.S. manufacturers. Clearly, Japan intends to export its way out of its slump, at the expense of U.S. manufacturers.
Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill calls Japan's devaluation of the yen “protectionism." Correct. But almost every nation on earth has devalued against the dollar to seize a share of the U.S. market, at the expense of U.S. manufacturers. Yet, our elites have adopted a policy of Ghandian pacifism in the face of this protectionism — these trade wars launched against an unresisting America.
While other nations act as though trade deficits do matter, and yet believe manufacturing is vital to their health and dynamism, the Americans, who once cared deeply about such issues, no longer seem to care. Thus, nothing and no one stands in the way of stripping the United States of its entire manufacturing base.
We believe we are wise and the rest of the world foolish. Of one thing we may be sure. Time will tell us who were the fools.
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists; visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwxreators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
‘W’ Bush: Aspiring Caesar?
“Upon what meat has this our Caesar fed/that he has grown so great?”
The line from “Julius Caesar” came to mind as I watched the president, triumphant in the Afghan war, thunderously threaten three nations with war, should they seek to acquire weapons the United States has had in its arsenal for more than half a century.
In the Kennedyesque rhetoric of the State of the Union address, the president marched us closer to war than any since JFK threatened a “full retaliatory response” on the Soviet Union in the missile crisis of '62. By describing Iraq, Iran and North Korea as the “axis of evil,” Bush hearkened back to Ronald Reagan's “evil empire” rhetoric and equated these countries with the Axis powers we crushed in World War II: imperial Japan, fascist Italy and Nazi Germany.
Their fate will be your fate, the president warned.
Casting aside TR’s admonition to “speak softly, but carry a big stick,” Bush issued his ultimatum loudly and in the clear: ‘Time is not on our side. I will not wait on events, while dangers gather. I will not stand by, as peril draws closer and closer. The United States of America will not permit the world’s most dangerous regimes to threaten us with the world’s most destructive weapons.”
Will not permit? This is a threat of war. Yet, Harry Truman did not threaten war to prevent Stalin from building atomic weapons when Russia tested a bomb in 1949. LBJ did not threaten war on China after Mao tested a nuclear weapon in 1964. While it is U.S. policy to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons, Russia, Britain, France, China, Israel, India, Pakistan and probably North Korea have already acquired them, with no retribution from the United States.
Let me say it bluntly: Bush erred in putting his own and U.S. credibility on the line that we will launch a preventive war rather than permit any of them to acquire a weapon of mass destruction.
First, he put these regimes on notice that they may be attacked, and soon (“time is not on our side”) — giving them the most powerful of incentives to build a nuclear weapon, i.e., deterrence and survival. Second, he issued a threat he lacks the authority to carry out. For Congress has not empowered Bush to launch wars on nations that have not attacked us. Third, what do we do if North Korea explodes a nuclear device? If we attack Pyongyang’s nuclear sites, we could face atomic retaliation on our 38,000 troops in South Korea or a murderous barrage from thousands of artillery pieces on the DMZ.
Were the South Koreans consulted before Bush threatened war on their heavily armed northern brethren, who have a million troops massed within 50 miles of their capital city?
Even if Bush has concluded that war on one or more of the three regimes is essential to our security, why declare, urbi et orbi. that America will launch it, and probably soon?
How can a nation back down, after being publicly threatened? Even Serbia chose to resist rather than submit to an ultimatum from Madeline Albright. And Iran, Iraq and North Korea are far better armed than the Serbs.
In straining to reach Churchillian heights in their rhetoric, the president's speechwriters took him over the top. Why engage in this Caesarism, this hubristic triumphalism? Has Bush been carried away by his triumphs and his polls? What happened to the Bush's pre-election promise of humility walking hand-in-hand with American power?
Thus far, America's war on terror has been fought in a way to impress all but the inveterate America-bashers. The president set a goal — ousting a Taliban regime that refused to turn over the terrorists who had slaughtered our people — and achieved it. He has the entire nation behind his battle to eradicate A1 Qaeda.
Why, then, when he does not have the troops in place to attack Iraq, or to invade Iran or North Korea, threaten them? What is the benefit of a public threat that could not have been achieved with a private warning from Secretary Rumsfeld or Gen. Powell?
Why ratchet up the rhetoric, months before we can act? Why set down a marker that can be thrown back in the president's face, if one of these nations detonates a weapon of mass destruction, and he does not go to war?
In the wake of our Cold War victory and Gulf War triumph, the president's father began to rhapsodize about creating a “New World Order.” It proved a mistake. And to threaten nations, even regimes like Baghdad, Pyongyang and Teheran, with war, when U.S. spending on national defense is but half of what it was when Bush 1 launched Desert Storm is also a mistake. And a major one.
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Pat Buchanan
March 5532
Middle American News
Page 23
Innocents Pay Price for Leftwing Notions
If a white law student, after flunking out of school, had shot and killed three black people, you can bet your law books we'd have a national crisis on our hands. Jesse Jackson would pop up to lead whites in repentance and threaten riots if justice w ere not done, and a small army of FBI agents, government officials, reporters and assorted busybodies would arrive to set us all straight about how “white racism*' is still deeply imbedded in American life.
When what really happened at the Appalachian School of Law in Grundy,
Ya.. earlier this month was the shooting of three whites by a black, however, there was no national crisis. Jackson had more important business elsewhere; no local (let alone national) church leaders showed up to visit the families of the victims and demand justice; no FBI. no government officials, no politicians and not much press, save the locals who quickly buried the story.
What really happened is that a man named Peter Odighizuwa, a native of Nigeria w ho had flunked out of Appalachian twice, blew away a white professor at the school, a white student and the white dean who had admitted him to the school a second time after he had flunked out once. There was a flutter of national news about the story before it sank into its grave, but only because the dean happened to be a former official in the Clinton Justice Department, a Harvard Law’ School graduate and something of a professional do-gooder. Apart from the death of a member of America’s ruling class, the story had little interest.
What is really of interest in the story, however, is not just the hypocrisy of the typical reporting on “hate crimes” — that the media obsess over them when they involve white perpetrators and non-white victims but ignore or deny them if the victim role is reversed. That is certainly present in the law-school shootings, but it’s not the major feature.
No sooner had the shootings occurred, than the local media got hold of a gentleman named Zeke Jackson, head of the school’s Black Student Association. "Race was not the cause of Odighizuwa’s apparent problems, Jackson said,” the Roanoke Times reported, and since blacks themselves didn’t want to bring in race, no one else did, either. The main interest of the story lies in what it tells us about the white mentality that allowed the murders to occur at all.
The dean who was shot was Anthony Sutin, who after a prominent career as a Washington lawyer representing mainly liberal Democrats and working in the Justice Department under Janet Reno, took up his position at the Appalachian law school in 1999. He adopted one child from Russia and a second from China, and he accepted the Appalachian position apparently because he wanted to help what liberais like to call the “underprivileged.” The law school was founded to help mainly poor white students from the region.
Everyone who knew Peter Odighizuwa knew he didn’t belong there. He didn’t belong intellectually, and he didn’t belong mentally. Everyone who knew him knew he was unbalanced. “Everybody knows this guy,” said one doctor who helped clean up the slaughter Odighizuwa left behind him. “He is a walking time bomb ” “He just thought everyone was conspiring against him,” said a student who knew him.
So why. when he flunked out of the school the first time, did Sutin let him reenter? He let him re-enter because Sutin, for all his do-good, was a sap — a liberal bubbiehead who refuses to believe that a non-white immigrant flunks out of school because he lacks the smarts to get passing grades. Sutin probably thought Odighizuwa flunked out because of “institutional racism,” or “lacked self-esteem,” or “never had the opportunities” that others (whites) had denied him, a black. Because he insisted on ignoring the obvious truth that Odighizuwa didn’t have the brains to stay in school and didn’t belong there, Sutin and two others are dead.
The bloodbath at Appalachian is a microcosm of what’s happening all over the United States and all over the Western world. Governed by well-meaning bubbiehead* like Anthony Sutin, the white West welcomes losers and misfits like Odighizuwa into its midst, pretends they’ve assimilated, boasts about the “diversity” we’re creating, and ignores any and every indication that they don’t belong here and that their presence endangers others.
If it were only the bubbiehead* who had to die because of their suicidal fantasies, the problem would self-correct. Unfortunately, they usually manage to escape the consequences of their own behavior, and it’s the rest of us who, like Sutin’s dead colleagues, have to pay the final price.
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
Security Measures Ignore Real Danger
If it’s an important presidential speech you want, forget George W. Bush’s swaggering last week in his State of the Union address about the war he plans to wage on the “axis of evil” abroad. Look up what he had to say in Portland, Maine, the week before. It was in Portland, not exactly a major transit point for the illegal immigrant invasion, that Bush chose to speak about the immigration problem and what he plans to do about it.
His plans consist of precisely the kind of eyewash that probably won’t much help protect the country against terrorist immigrants at all, and contributes absolutely nothing to solving the far larger and more dangerous threat of immigration in general. That, however, as we shall see, is the whole point of the president’s proposals.
What he proposed consisted of a federal tracking system to follow the arrivals and departures of non-citizens from U.S. ports and border crossings, funding for some 800 more customs agents and doubling the number of Immigration and Naturalization Service agents, increasing the funding for the Coast Guard, and a new system of gadgets to inspect shipments into the United States. Hooray!
Like generals who fight the last war over again while preparing for the next one. Bush fails to grasp that his measures might have been helpful before Sept. 11 but today are of limited usefulness. Americans can rest assured that despite the chest-thumping of Bush’s State of the Union speech a week after his remarks in Portland, all the terrorists are not dead or locked up in Guantanamo. With the Census Bureau disclosing only a week before the Portland speech that there are now more than 100,000 illegal aliens from the Middle East alone living in the United States, you can bet some of them are terrorists or people willing to become terrorists.
For that matter, it’s just as likely that some of the 3 million or more Arabs living in the United States legally are terrorists. Locking the bam door now may keep more terrorists out, but it will do nothing to cleanse the nation of those already here.
“None of us ever dreamt that we’d have a two-front war to fight — one overseas and one at home,” Bush pronounced. “But we do. That’s reality.” Actually, some of us did dream about that, but no one paid any attention, least of all Bush, who was too busy wooing the votes of Hispanics to think much about immigration and the security problems it creates. The “reality” Bush and most of his colleagues in the American ruling class refuse to face is that the second front of the war is created entirely by immigration.
With millions of immigrants from dozens of different nations and cultures arriving here, it’s not surprising that many import their hatreds and their habits of slaking their thirst for blood. Some actually carry out their designs for revenge, others merely help, and many — maybe millions — sympathize and provide a friendly audience. That is exactly the second front the president is talking about, whether he knows it or not, and the only way to deal with it is to start deporting those who compose it.
The new tracking systems, and more money and more agents are all swell and certainly long overdue. But, again, it does nothing to confront the central problem that Sept. 11 should have made blindingly clear.
That problem is whether a free Western society like the United States or its ancestral European nations can sustain itself under the impact of mass immigration from non-free, non-Western societies, especially when we are engaged in what the president himself vows will be a protracted war. Even in the absence of war, it should have been clear to anyone of common sense that the answer is no. The cultures, the faiths, perhaps even the races of the two kinds of society are too different.
The real purpose of Bush’s new plans for domestic security is to make Americans think he’s dealing with the threats that mass immigration presents while in fact avoiding the central problem entirely. In the next few months (perhaps the next few weeks), the administration will announce an agreement with Mexico for what will be called a "guest worker program” but in reality will merely amount to an amnesty for millions of illegal Mexican workers. At that time, he will be criticized — and properly so — by supporters of immigration reform, and he will be able to blunt some of that criticism by pointing to what he proposed in Portland.
Some Americans might even believe it — until the next terrorist attack, perhaps from the very subcultures that mass immigration has already created within the belly of this nation, tells them they have been misled.
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.cneators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Samuel Francis
March 2002
COPYRIGHT 2002 C REATORS SYNDICATE, INC.