$2.00 VOL. 6 NO. 6_
mom
AMERICAN
June 2000 A ■=
The Million Mom Fraud

Left/RIght Alliance Seeks Mora Immigration
Page 4
How
Immigration Is Changing the U.S.

Paul Craig
Roberta:
Genocide


Classroom
Page
George W. Bush vs. Albert Gore vs. Patrlok Buchanan
When They Stand on Kay Issues
June 2000
Middle American News
‘Straight Talk’ McCain Admits Lying for Votes
It’s official: Sen. John McCain, R-AZ, is a liar. He says so himself.
After losing his South Carolina Republican primary bid against Texas Gov. George W. Bush for the state’s convention delegates, McCain admitted he lied about his views on the Confederate battle flag just to get votes.
Asked repeatedly during the campaign in February whether he thought South Carolina should take the flag down from atop the state Capitol, McCain said the flag represented honor and heritage to many people, and that it was not his place to tell South Carolina what to do.
But in April, McCain told the South Carolina Policy Council in Columbia, S.C., that he really believes the flag should come down.
“I feared that if I answered honestly, I could not win the South Carolina primary. So I chose to compromise my principles. I broke my prom-
ise to always tell the truth. I believe the flag should be removed from your Capitol,” said McCain.
During the primary, McCain had the audacity to nickname his campaign bus ‘The Straight Talk Express” while he was busy lying to voters.
McCain’s lying to get votes is nothing new for a politician. But what is new — and particularly frightening for a democracy — is that his admission earned him no disrespect from the corporate media or his colleagues in the Senate or in the GOP. That reveals a lot about America's ruling class. For if American elites were honorable, McCain would be shunned and ostracized, not embraced. Among elites, lying to the people is no sin.
Since no one else will do so, let Middle American News be the first to announce it: Sen. John McCain is a liar and unfit for public office.
LYING FOR VOTES: “I feared that if I answered honestly, I could not win the South Carolina primary.”
Bush Uses Mexican Holiday to Pitch for Ethnic Votes
Congressional Leaders Ponder New Pay Hike
The people who run Congress think they are doing such a good job that they're considering another pay raise for themselves.
House Majority Whip Tom Delay, R-TX. and Rep. Steny Hoyer, D-MD, acknowledged to reporters last month that they have discussed a possible pay raise for members of Congress this year.
Last year. Congress gave itself a 3.4 percent pay hike that took effect in January. Members now earn $141,300 a year. Under an automatic “cost of living adjustment” that Congress conveniently wrote into law in 1989, members are slated to get another pay hike next January, this time for about 3 percent, or $4,200.
The cost of living hike will go into effect unless members specifically vote to stop it, which they might do in an election year.
Some in Congress think they have done such a good job of raising revenue for the government that they deserve the extra money.
“We have a surplus, we’ve managed the finances of the country very well,” said Rep. Hoyer.
Although members of Congress from the two major parties often appear to fight vociferously, they manage to get along when it comes to pay raises. Traditionally, Republicans and Democrats only raise salaries when both sides agree not to criticize the other side for doing so.
ggjgj won't do it if one side will try to get the other side,” explained Hoyer.
House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt, D-MO, and House Speaker Dennis Hasten, R-JL, have not yet met to discuss the pay raise issue this year. Their okay usually precedes a agreement between the two political panies not to block the pay increase.
GOP presidential hopeful Gov. George W. Bush used a recent Mexican holiday to appeal for votes from Hispanics and denounced the difference in wages between America and its southern neighbor.
At a breakfast on Mexico's Cinco de Mayo holiday — May 5th — sponsored by the U.S.-Mexico Foundation and the San Diego Republican Party, Bush appealed for Americans to understand why so many illegal aliens come to the U.S. from Mexico.
“So long as there is a wage differential and so long as there's hunger and love, people will come to work.” he said.
Earlier this year. Bush told the Cedar
Rapids Gazette in Iowa that the U.S. should increase immigration from Mexico and work to eliminate the wage differential between the two countries.
“We ought to increase legal immigration for our country’s advantage.” he told the paper.
In San Diego, Bush said Mexico’s Cinco de Mayo holiday celebrating a military victory over European troops is a time when Americans should reflect on the blessings of multiculturalism.
“Cinco de Mayo is a time to pause as Americans first and foremost, and recognize that all of us come from somewhere,”
he said. “And each of us deserves to be proud of our heritage. But it also reminds us that while we have our own respective heritages, we're also Americans”
Cinco de Mayo is Mexico's celebration of its victory at the “Battle of Pueb\a7 \w 1862, Mexican Gen. Ignacio Zaragoza organized 5.000 Mestizo and Zapotec Indians to defeat a French army that arrived to force payment on defaulted debts owed to France.
Bush's attempt to link the Mexican holiday to American values reflects his campaign's multicultural electoral strategy. The Bush campaign has a Spanish language website and plans to run television and radio ads in Spanish.
Using Spanish advertising is part of the GOP's new “Hispanic strategy” that party leaders say they hope will attract immigrants to the party.
“Hispanics are to the election of 2000 what ‘soccer moms* were to 1996,” said Jim Nicholson, chairman of the National Republican Party.
LanceTarrance. GOP pollster and strategist, explained that the new strategy replaces the GOP’s old efforts to appeal to conservative whites.
“We have now moved from the Southern strategy we pursued for the last three decades, since Richard Nixon, to a Hispanic strategy for the next three decades,” he said.
Right-wing GOP consultant Eddie Mahe told the Washington Times that the GOP plans to undertake a “deep commitment” to Hispanics by trying to recruit them instead of whites to run for office, and hiring them for party posts and on the staffs of GOP elected officials.
The GOP’s current polls show that Hispanics who support Bush intend to vote for Democrat candidates for Congress.
Hispanics traditionally vote 3 to 1 in favor of Democrats.
At Bookstores Now! Excerpts from A Republic, Not An Empire
PATRICK J. BUCHANAN
A Republic, Not an Empire
Reclaimiug America's Destiny
Hardback, 437 pages, $29.95 Regnery Publishing, Inc.
"I I Isolationism...is a dismissive slur on a tradition of U.S. independence in foreign policy and nonintervention in foreign wars... ”
"America is the most selfsufficient of nations, and our first and greatest tradition is liberty. Yet America has in recent years been yielding up its sovereignty to the agencies of an embryonic world government, in a betrayal of our history and heritage..,.
"All this is being done in the name of altruism, interdependence, and global democracy, but it is really about power; it is really about who shall rule us. In every nation, there is a struggle under way between those who put the country first and those who believe...that only world governance can lead to world peace. This is the world struggle-, that will decide the destiny of mankind. In that war our antagonists are the globalists, and our allies are the patriots of every country. ”
“On Capitol Hill the number of caucuses devoted to ethnic interests has risen in a decade from six to fifteen. As Congress dishes out foreign aid to some nations and imposes sanctions on others to appease ethnic groups — with no apparent national interest rationale — U.S. policy appears to allies as chaotic. incoherent, unworthy of sustained support....
"The situation argues., for a new immigration policy to give this country time to assimilate and Americanize the thirty million who have come to these shores in three decades, so that future generations will think of America — not the ancestral homeland — first."
Middle American News
June 2000
ELECTION 2000
George W. Bush vs. Albert Gore vs. Patrick Buchanan
While the corporate media magnifies the differences between Texas Gov. George W. Bush and Vice President Albert Gore, the views of probable Reform Party . candidate Pat Buchanan are rarely reported. In our continuing effort to provide educational information about the 2000 election, Middle American News compares the views of the three candidates on a range of issues frequently ignored by establishment news organizations. For more Election 2000 coverage, see pages 9-12.
Buchanan
Gore—	
Bush	
nl	
✓ ✓	®
✓ /	
✓ ✓	<s>
✓ /	<s>
Where They Stand on Major Issues
Key:	✓	= Supports ® = Opposes
GLOBALISM:
U.S. military intervention in foreign disputes U.S.-funded U.N “peacekeeping” missions Foreign aid
WTO and participation by U.S. and China
✓ Q
Continued funding of IMF and World Bank
✓ ✓ ®
Free trade with low wage countries
✓ i ®
Expansion of NATO
✓	® ✓
®	® 1
TAXES:
Income tax reduction
Tariffs to save production facilities in U.S.
IMMIGRATION:
NEWSBRIEFS
Your Tax Dollars at Work
Public school children in Denver and Jefferson County, Colorado, were given time off from classes and bused by school officials to beef up attendance at an anti-2nd Amendment rally in April where speakers denounced the National Rifle Association and called for passage of legislation to restrict private firearms ownership. The rally was sponsored by local politicians like Denver Mayor Wellington Web and John Head, co-president of the left-wing Safe Alternatives to the Firearms Epidemic, who warned the crowd against “a legislature that is beholden to the gun lobby.** Elaine Berman. Denver school board president, denied that she sent the kids to the rally to lobby for legislation. Yeah sure, just a field trip, huh?
Thought Control
In a grotesque decision from an increasingly bizarre judiciary, a federal appeals court ruled that Border Patrol agents may not consider a motorist's Latin appearance to decide whether to suspect smuggling of illegal aliens from Mexico. In defiance of common sense, the left-wing Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals presumed the authority to tell officers how to think, declaring that ethnicity is irrelevant in weighing "reasonable suspicion.** When looking for alien smugglers. Border Patrol agents now must insensibly assign the same level of suspicion to Swedish tourists as they would to gritty Hispanic coyotes. The substitution of value-laden ideology for solid police work is preposterous; the order to tell cops what to think is tyranny.
Bombs Away
Two homemade bombs exploded in a high school on a Navajo Indian Reservation near Tuba City, Arizona, last month, hurting five students. News reports said the bombs were made of plastic soda bottles, aluminum foil, and chemi-cals found in white paper correctional fluid. No word yet from Sarah Brady, Bill Clinton, or AJ Gore about child safety locks for aluminum foil or waiting periods to buy White-Out.
Rebellion Against Whom?
After presiding over a U.N. program on the annual ‘Take Our Daughters to Work Day,** aging radical leftist Gloria Steinem urged young girls to maintain a "healthy rebellion" that will help keep "that sense of self we have as little girls.** Would she change her mind if ever real women launch a "healthy rebellion*’ against her far-left policy prescriptions for race and gender quotas, multiculturalism and world government?
®	®	✓
®	®	✓
✓	✓	®
✓	✓	®
/	✓	®
/	✓	®
®	®	✓
/	/	®
®	®	/
®	®	✓
Reduce current immigration levels Use of military to guard U.S. borders Welfare, free education for illegal aliens Bilingualism and a multicultural U.S.
2ND AMENDMENT:
Some federal restrictions GENERAL DOMESTIC POLICY:
Gays in the military
Constitutionalist test for judicial appointees Federal influence over education End affirmative action
Abolish the National Endowment for the Arts
Ain’t Life Grand
Multiple murderer Carl Derek Cooper gets to live, thanks to Janet Reno. Cooper confessed to killing three employees of a Starbucks coffee shop during a robbery in the District of Columbia. The killings touched off a three-year manhunt culminating in his arrest last year. Cooper also confessed to the murder of a security guard at an apartment complex, and the attempted murder of a Maryland policeman. In addition he admitted numerous robberies in DC, Maryland, and Pennsylvania. If anyone deserves to die, this career criminal is among the first in line. But Reno agreed to let him plea bargain to life in prison.
Clnco de Mayo for U.S.
Rep. Joe Baca, D-CA, of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus is so excited by his people’s impending takeover of the U.S., he isn't waiting for mass immigration to Mexicanize the whole country. He wants to give the process a little push.
So he's introduced legislation to creute a U.S. federal holiday for Clnco de Mayo. That's the day Mexico celebrates its victory over French troops at the "Batalla de Puebla” in 1862. The day isn't for off when a Third World America celebrates its cultural independence from Europe.
Continued on page 4
Middle American Newt
NEWSBRIEFS
Well Give You One Guess
President Clinton directed that the U.S. will participate in what the U.N. is breathlessly calling its “World Conference Against Racism. Racial Discrimination. Xenophobia and Related Intolerance** slated for next year in South Africa.
Betty King, the U.S. representative to the U.N.’s Economic and Social Council, says, ‘The ultimate purpose is to have the entire world focused on the question of racism in all its forms across the world. There is value to that” Can you guess which race will be blamed for racism, and which ones will be designated the victims?
1 Gee Thanks, GOP
Anti-gun Republican hero Gov. George Pataki of New York vetoed a plan to teach gun safety to the state’s elementary school kids. Using a simple, direct message, the program teaches youngsters what to do if they see a gun: “Stop! Don’t touch it Leave the area. Tell an adult*' So why did anti-gun Pataki veto the program? Because it is sponsored by the National Rifle Association. In saner states, the program has been taught to 12 million students.
Free Advice
The Consumer Federation of America and an online financial planning company called DirectAdvice.com are wringing their hands over a joint study that they say shows Americans are not saving enough for retirement. “The bad news is that most households will not be able to sustain their present standard of living into retirement,” moaned CFA Executive Director Stephen Brobeck. He's right, but it’s not their fault. Brobeck said saving just $25 a week for 40 years at five percent interest would yield more than $165,000. r But Brobeck forgot about taxes, which wipe out up to 36 perpent of the income gained each year. So after 40 years, a $25-a-Iweek saver might have a little more than $100,000 in the bank..<enough for a mere 2 years of retirement at $50,000 a year, or at best, $33,000 for each of three years. Whoopee. Brobeck should stop scolding taxpayers and start scolding the tax makers.
Fake vs. Real Racism
After a series of threatening racist messages were sent to minority students at the University of Iowa’s College of Dentistry, campus lefties resolved to root out the racist bigot responsible. Even the FBI was called in. The search ended when prosecutors charged that the threats were made by Tarsha Michelle Claiborne, 23, a black student. Ann Rhodes, the vice president for university relations, expressed surprise at the arrest T figured it was going to be a white guy between 25 and 55 because they’re the root of most evil” said Rhodes. Despite complaints from whites, the university has thus far refused to fire Rhodes for her anti-white smear.
Foreign Adoptions Rise
Americans are increasingly turning to foreign countries to find babies to adopt. The National Adoption Information Clearinghouse reports that adoptions of foreign babies rose from 6,536 in 1992 to more than 16,396 in 1999. Russia, China, Romania and Guatemala appear to be the countries of choice.
Continued on page S
1 Middle American Newt		Cj
Published monthly by:		
Amentum Polity ImtUtute, Inc.		Printed on recycled paper.
P. O Bom 20608		Non-toxic ink used
Raleigh. North Carolina 27619		in printing.
Left-Right Allies Seek Immigration Hike
Big business conservatives and multicultural leftists are making their alliance official. The goal: Increased immigration to the U.S.
Right-wingers and leftwingers are joining forces with big business to launch a major multiculturalist campaign for increased immigration to the U.S. by dismantling the nation’s already loose immigration laws.
Conservative former congressman Jack Kemp and left-wing Clinton associate Henry Cisneros arc making official the informal left/right pro-immigration alliance that has so far blocked popular grassroots efforts to reform immigration policy.
Kemp and Cisneros announced an initiative in conjunction with ethnic lobbying groups that calls for admitting more immigrants to the U.S. and granting another amnesty to hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens.
The coalition brings together conservatives who think big business profits are more important than the nation’s cultural continuity, with left-wing radicals who want to de-Americanize the U.S. by transforming it into a multicultural society liberated from the values of “dead, white European males.”
“What we’re seeing is the beginning of a new pro-immigrant alliance that is likely to reshape immigration policy,” said coalition supporter Frank Shafry, executive director of the pro-alien National Immigration Forum.
The coalition also includes the Arab-American Institute, the National Asian Pacific American Legal Consortium, the National Coalition for Haitian Rights, the National Retail Federation, and the right-wing beltway group, Americans for Tax Reform, run by conservative activist Grover
Norquist, who is paid by software corporations to advocate increased immigration.
The new coalition was announced just as presidential candidates of the two major parties are engaged in intense competition for support from immigrant groups, and as major labor leaders are abandoning white workers in favor of amnesty for illegal alien workers.
In a pitch for Hispanic votes in San Diego, Gov. George Bush inexplicably cited Mexico’s Cinco de Mayo holiday as a reason for Americans to support a multicultural U.S., and Vice President Albert Gore is pushing an administration plan to grant amnesty to all illegals who arrived in the U.S. prior to 1986.
The newest push for immigrants follows a vote by a powerful AFL-CIO labor executive committee recommending repeal of laws against hiring illegals.
The Kemp/Cisneros coalition said that in addition to amnesty for illegals, it supports allowing lens of thousands of skilled foreign workers to be hired by U.S. companies looking to reduce their labor costs. The coalition's amnesty plan would grant legal status to more than 300,000 immigrants from Haiti, El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala who do not qualify for refugee status. In addition, the coalition backs the Clinton-Gore plan to grant legal status for illegals who entered the country
before 1986.
Coalition members believe that the 1.3 million legal and illegal aliens who settle in the country each year are not enough.
According to Norquist, who had just returned from a meeting with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, corporate leaders believe that America’s 275 million population is too small. “[T]hey all said the biggest problem we face is, we’re running out of workers,” said Norquist.
Jack Kemp, who is admired by many conservatives and was the GOP’s vice presidential candidate in 1996, has a long history of support for left-wing causes. As secretary of Housing and Urban Development in the Reagan administration, Kemp refused to bar illegal aliens from public housing. He also opposed California’s Proposition 187, the wildly popular ballot initiative that would have prevented illegal aliens from leaving their home countries to take advantage of the state’s welfare. (Although Prop. 187 passed by a wide margin, it was struck down as “unconsUtutionaY* by the federal judiciary.) Kemp also opposes dismantling government-enforced racial preferences.
Hispanic activist Henry Cisneros, a former Texas mayor, was President Clinton’s HUD secretary until news reports revealed that he lied to the FBI during his federal appointee background check.
Al Gore’s Genius for Policy
After shots rang out following a scuffle among teenagers during "African-American Family Day" at the National Zoo in April, Vice President Albert Gore lectured Americans on the need for federal legislation requiring the sale of trigger locks with firearms.
Police say the 16 year-old shooter is the son of a convicted drug gang “enforcer." He
allegedly shot seven people during the rampage, wounding several seriously in revenge over an earlier altercation.
Within an hour of the incident, Gore announced the shootings at a Democrat Party fundraising event in New York City, eliciting gasps from the audience. Gore argued that the shooting by a teenager shows the need for federal legislation on trigger locks.
"We really need to have mandatory child safety trigger locks, and photo license IDs for the purchase of new handguns," Gore thundered.
Trouble is, handguns are forbidden in D.C. So why would people breaking gun ownership laws obey trigger lock laws? It's a simple and obvious question no corporate journalist will ever ask Gore to answer.
Miaou American News
June 2000
Court Says Ohio Can’t Quote Bible
In a tortured and bizarre ruling urged by organized leftwingers, a federal appeals court decided that Ohio's official state motto violates the First Amendment's prohibition against Congress making any law regarding the establishment of religion.
The 6th U5. Court of Appeals ruled 2-1 to revise a lower court's equally odd decision that the motto — a quote from the Bible — was constitutional as long as the state did not reveal the source of the quote.
Appeals Court Judge Avem Cohn said the lower court erred in allowing Ohio to use the phrase, “With God, all things are possible." In a suit brought by the anti-Christian American Civil Liberties Union. U.S. District Judge James Graham of Columbus had earlier ruled that the quote from the Book of Matthew in the New Testament could be used as long as state officials didn't tell anyone it was attributed to Jesus Christ.
The motto was adopted by Ohio's legislature in 1959, an act beyond the reach of the First Amendment's prohibition against congressional interference in the establishment of religions.
ButThe appeals court claimed that the context of the quote
NEWSBRIEFS
At the urging of ACLU's left-wingers, a federal court says It Is ‘unconstitutional’ for Ohio to quote from the Bible.
means that the state is establishing a religion.
"We are satisfied that the words of the motto cannot be treated as they were by the district court," wrote Judge Cohn. "When Jesus spoke to his disciples, he was explaining to them what was needed of them to enter heaven and achieve salvation, a uniquely Christian thought not shared by Jews and Moslems.**
Dissenting Appeals Judge David Nelson said the motto is no more constitutionally troublesome than the words "In God We Trust” used on U.S. money.
The First Amendment reads, in part, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, nor prohibit the free exercise thereof..."
To justify government crusades against popular beliefs, the U.S. Supreme Court long ago decided that the word "Congress” really means any arm or agency of state, local and federal governments. The decision enabled
authorities to stamp out prayers in public schools, city Christmas displays, and a variety of forms of public religious exercise.
Ohio Gov. Bob Taft promised to appeal the latest decision.
"The state does not use the motto to promote or advance any single set of religious beliefs," he said.
In recent years the far-left ACLU has successfully sued in several jurisdictions in its national campaign against Christianity. It even won a court's order to remove the picture of a fish from a city seal. The ACLU had argued that the fish was really a secret Christian symbol and should be removed. The ACLU argued the fish was so offensive that it made a local practitioner of "witchcraft" feel bad.
Some legal experts are baffled by the appeals court decision.
"This is maybe the blandest statement about God that has ever been struck down," said Douglas Laycock, a professor of law at the University of Texas.
Anti-Gun March Was Million Mom Fraud
News reports reveal that the "Million Mom March" organized to pressure Congress to pass restrictions oo private gun ownership wasn't all it was hyped to be.
For starters, no where near the promised one million demon-sttaiors showed up. Less than half that many actually participated. And although billed as a "grassroots" demonstration of "concerned mothers," the march turned out to be a slick left-wing production orchestrated by U.S. elites and bankrolled by the richer men in the world.
March organizer Donna Dees-Thomases took a temporary leave from her corporate post at CBS, where she once worked as Dan Rattler's publicist She is the sister-in-law of Susan Thomases, a dose friend of the Clinton family. According to the Washington Times, Dees-Thomases was the one who arranged for Hillary Clinton to appear on the CBS David Letlerman Show. Hillary was a featured participant at the rally, marching against guns while her heavily armed Secret Service detail stood guard.
The partisan nature of the march was revealed by the group's Internet website which awarded President Clinton its "Mom's Apple Pie Award" and denounced congressional GOP leader Rep,
Tom Delay as a "dunce "
Organizers say they want trigger locks on all guns, but inarch organizers fired a woman who wanted to distribute free child safety gun locks during the event. Organizers said they fired her because she was "linked" to a gun manufacturer. At the same time, however, organizers welcomed participation by Tamarla Owens, the mother of the six-year-old Michigan boy accused of killing a classmate with a stolen gun he found lying around accessible in his home.
International currency speculator George Soros, whose billions bankroll dozens of left-wing
extremist causes, provided the group with $200,000 seed money, and is a contributor to the campaign of left-wing 2nd Amendment opponent Sen. Charles Schumer, D-NY. Soros is also a contributor to Al Gore's presidential campaign.
The announced goal of the march was to pass federal gun licensing and registration legislation, precisely the same proposals offered by candidate Gore in his race for the White House.
Strategy meetings for the march were held under Bill Clinton’s auspices, right in the White House.
"We worked with them," said Clinton spokesman Joe Lockhart.
Leftwingers Go After Newspaper
In a display of raw political power by left-wingers, the city of San Luis Obispo, California ceased to do business with papers that won't run pro-gay news stories.
The city council voted to halt advertising in a local group of free weekly newspapers until the owners explain why they won't publish material that shows homosexuality or abortion in a positive way.
Although the city is not a major advertiser in the publications, the 4-1 vole could undermine the ability of the publish-
ers to attract other advertisers.
Like other free weeklies, the publications are dependent on advertising revenue.
The chain includes three Gazette newspapers and the San Luis Obispo Magazine, which are owned by David and Mary Weyrich and distributed to 126,000 homes and businesses on the central California coast.
The city council acted swiftly to rebuke the Weyrichs after they announced in late February that their news coverage would reflect their personal religious beliefs.
Protecting the Corporate Press
Four of every 10 journalists admit they deliberately avoid certain news stories or purposely soften the tone of them to benefit the interests of news organizations, according to a poll by the left-leaning Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. The survey of 300 reporters and news executives showed that many believed the practice of dumbing down news stories to protect news organizations or advertisers was "commonplace."
Antioch’s Pigs
Self-styled left-wing black revolutionary "Mumia Abu Jamal" whom the authorities repeatedly have refused to execute despite his 1981 death sentence for killing white Philadelphia policeman Daniel Faulkner, delivered a commencement address last month via audio tape to the graduating airheads of Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Colorado. Jamal was invited by left-wing student pigs who gave him a standing ovation. Faulkner's widow, Maureen, bravely protested in disgust nearby.
In the Wake of Waco
The badly decomposed body of Carlos Ghigliotti, 42, was found in his office at Infrared Technology in Laurel, Maryland, after he had been reported mysteriously missing. Ghigliotti was the thermal imaging analyst hired by the House Government Reform Committee to examine the FBI videotape of its April 1993 attack on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas. Ghigliotti determined that the tape shows the FBI firing at the compound on the day of the assault, contrary to the agency's denials.
Justice, Ameiican-Style
The nutty — and dangerous — criminal justice system created by U.S. elites is about to free a killer who was found “not guilty” by reason of insanity. Doctors at St Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington, D.C. recently concluded that Tomar Cooper Locker, 25, has no major psychiatric disorder and requires no treatment So now, after killing one man and wounding five others when he opened fire in a crowded room at the Washington Hospital Center in 1994, Locker will be freed. "It's basically ridiculous," said assistant U.S. attorney Peter R. Zeidenberg.
Just Say Yes to Diversity
Diversity violence is so severe in the U.S. that diversity even within groups sparks antagonism. The U.S. Department of Justice recently contributed $147,000 for a study to find out why U.S.-born Hispanic students in Redlands, California, don't get along with Mexican-born Hispanics. "Over the past few years...tensions between the two groups have gone beyond words, igniting fights after school, gang activity, and drive-by shootings," reports the local Press Enterprise. In 1998, police reported 200 cases of assaults and weapons possessions by the two groups. Local elites hope to solve the problem by encouraging racial and cultural solidarity. "We're from the same heritage, we shouldn't separate ourselves," said Cynthia Martinez, a local Hispanic leader.
More Kansas City School Folly
The state Board of Education stripped the federally-run Kansas City school district of its accreditation last month. After the district spent $2 billion on a court-ordered wholesale restructuring and school-building frenzy following a desegregation lawsuit 20 years ago, student academic performance is still hilariously low. When a federal judge ordered the district to produce better results, the school system spent its time and money trying to attract white kids from the suburbs to boost overall test scores. The strategy didn't work. The district now has two years to improve student performance or be abolished.
Continued on page 7
Page S
Middle American News

Both Parties Open Back Door to National Tests for Schools
Is there a dime’s worth of difference between the two major parties? On education policy, Republicans and Democrats alike want to make states and localities answer to standards that ultimately are determined in Washington. The stage is already set for the federalization of America’s schools.
By Robert Holland
WASHINGTON — Proponents of limited government long have warned that the advent of national testing of schoolchildren will result in a national curriculum dictated by the central government. Republicans hotly opposed and blocked President (Hinton's 1997 bid to launch national test-lag m math and reading.
But now in 2000, without much fan-tee, powerful figures in both parties are moving to embrace a form of national testing. In the name of “accountability" in education, Republicans and Democrats alike want to make states and localities answer to standards that ultimately are determined in Washington.
Both major-party presidential hopefuls
—	Republican George W. Bush and Democrat A1 Gore — have endorsed in principle the idea of upgrading the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) to a high-stakes measuring rod for distributing financial rewards to states that meet accountability standards. That would be a big change for NAEP, which for the past 30 years has been a no-stakes barometer of the knowledge American children have acquired during their school years.
So far the major opposition comes from outside the Beltway - from organized home-schoolers who are accustomed to playing David to the D.C. Goliath. They denounce ~NAEP creep" as a back door to national testing and a national cuiTiculum.Their partners are from outside the political circles
—	publishers McGraw-Hill and Houghton Mifflin. whose executives don *t like the protective national test because it would compete with their private ones.
Making NAEP a de facto national test would have huge implications. A federal assessment linked to monetary rewards could substantially shape what goes on in local classrooms. Would the emphasis be on cove knowledge or critical thinking about sociopolitical issues? That could become a call for U.S. Department of Education bureaucrats, heavily influenced by lobbyists from the radical National Education Association. A reasonable expectation is that the feds would push a multicultural “we the peoples" perspective over the objective teaching o4 Ui. history, and would expect to inculcate “tolerance" among pupils toward homosexuality.
In addition, there would be questions of comparability. Stales like Kentucky and Connecticut got big boosts in their 1998 NAEP reading scores because they had excluded greatly increased numbers of disabled students from the testing. Federal officials would have to ensure a level playing field and guard against cheating right down to the classroom level.
But seemingly overnight a broad political consensus has formed behind a high-impact NAEP. Here are the basic elements: In Ins last State of the Union message, President Clinton proposed a Recognition and Reward program using NAEP results, beginning with math in 2000 and then expanding to other subjects. He asked for $50 million for the first year. Adminis-
tration officials said 35 states that participated fully in the 1996 and 2000 rounds of NAEP would be eligible, and probably only about 10 states would qualify for bonuses.
— Vice President Gore echoed the Clinton plan in a campaign statement. Gore said he “will challenge all states to institute a high school exit exam and provide incentives to reward those states that adopt these tests .. . .The Gore plan will also provide states a bonus for improved student achievement measured by NAEP."
—Texas Governor Bush upped the ante by calling for an Achievement in Education Fund federally financed to the tune of $500 million over five years. It would “reward states that demonstrate substantial and valid progress on state assessments, as verified by NAEP." Bush views this as nothing less than a redefinition of the relationship between states and the federal government -“granting freedom from regulation in exchange for results." Never mind that the Founding Fathers gave the federal government no role at all in education, leaving education, under the U.S. Constitution, to people at the local level.
Under the Bush plan, all states taking federal education aid would have to set up their own annual assessments in “at least grades 3-8 in reading and math." As an auditing measure, Washington would pay for the states to take part in an annual NAEP sample exam for students in grades 4 and 8
in reading and math. In a bow toward states* rights. Bush would allow a state to use its own NAEP-equivalent test, but at its own expense. Given that no NAEP-equivalent test exists, and that it would be ultra-expensive to create one, there’s little doubt all states would fall in line with the Bush assessment plan.
In a punitive twist initially absent from the Clinton/Gore plans. Bush would strip the administration portion of federal funding - the 5 percent for state education agencies - from states failing to show “results" acceptable to the feds within five years. The feds would re-direct the money to charter schools.
— Not to be outdone in the Republi-can/Democrat competition to parrot each others* ideas, Gore came back on April 28 with an accountability plan remarkably similar to Bush's. He would use NAEP “to measure state progress in order to ensure that states are being held accountable for educating America’s children to common high standards in reading and math." States failing to measure up to federal standards “would lose federal administrative funds under formula programs including Title I." The money would go into efforts to turn around failing schools by investing in “proven reforms."
Like Bush, Gore would let states choose between participating in NAEP or developing NAEP-equivalent measures of their own.
But, again, given the difficulty and prohibitive costs of doing so, that’s not a real choice.
(About the only difference between the Gore and Bush plans is that Gore would allow parents of children in failing schools to transfer only to other government schools, including charter schools. Bush would let $1,500 per Child of the federal money be used as vouchers to help them attend private schools. The danger in that is that the federal standards will be so prescriptive that the independence of recipient private schools would be endangered.)
— Finally, the most expensive NAEP plan of all is contained in a version of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act reauthorization approved by the GOP-con-trolled Senate education committee on a 10-8 party-line vote in March. It calls for a Performance Bonus Fund of $2.5 billion. This Fund would dispense bonuses to states that raise overall achievement or reduce the learning gap between low-income students and those better-off. It would use NAEP results in fourth- and eighth-grade reading and math, beginning in 2002.
National testing may have tougher sledding outside the nation’s capital. Already, -1 there is growing opposition to high-stakes testing by states. Superimposed as another federal mandate, NAEP could encounter organized boycotts (such as already are occurring in states like Michigan and Maryland) or refusal by overtested students to try. Without public acceptance and widespread compliance, federal requirements tied to I categorical aid can flop, as with Prohibition in the 1920s and the 55-mph speed limit in the 1990s. The question is whether MiddVe Americans will finally become so fed up with the Washington establishment’s federalizing of education that they will just refuse to go along with what’s being handed down. I
New Book: Feminist Author Assails ‘Heterophobia’
Sexual harassment laws let feminists “micro-manage” everyday life.
A long-time feminist is having some second thoughts about the feminist movement and what her more militant left-wing colleagues are doing to the country.
In her new book, “Heterophobia: Sexual Harassment and the Future of Feminism " feminist intellectual Daphne Patai says militants have so effectively infused “heterophobia" into public policy that “fear and antagonism toward men and heterosexuality" is triggering a rage to enact sexual harassment laws that are aimed at criminalizing normal male-female relations.
Patai asserts that the roots of heterophobia lie in extremist feminist literature which was standard fare when she was a professor of women's studies at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst,
“Somewhere along the line, the feminist criticism of patriarchal institutions derailed into real, visceral, and frightening antagonism toward men and consequent intolerance toward women who insist on associating
with them," she writes.
In her book Patai leaves no doubt about the real goal of her peers, saying “heterophobia" is the force behind “some truly dreadful" sexual harassment laws and policies that are being implemented around the country on college campuses and in the work place.
“Sexual-harassment legislation is an instrument by which the micro-management of everyday life is being undertaken. The real aim is to change the relations between men and women in a fundamental way," she writes.
That kind of thinking has become so institutionalized that it dominates what she calls the “sex-harassment industry" and as a result is reflected in legal decisions.
Patai, who is married, notes that feminist literature depicts heterosexual sex as an unnaturul interaction between a predatory male and his female victim.
Her book recently caught the attention of professional feminists eager
to discredit it.
Martha Burk, director of the Center for the Advancement of Public Policy concedes that militants are in the movement but claims that their opinion is on the fringe and is not mainstream.
While Patai agrees that the agenda of the militants represents a minority of feminist thinking, she says that it already has had a disproportionate impact on contemporary law.
As a result, $hc says, sexual harassment can mean “anything from a look to rape: unwanted touching, looks, jokes or repeated invitations." She notes the climate of intolerance toward men is especially bad on college campuses where careers are being destroyed by para-legal tribunals set up to investigate harassment charges without due process.
Patai remains at the University of Massachusetts but no longer teaches women's studies. She is now a professor of Brazilian literature.
Page 6
Middle American News
June 2000
The Demographic Revolution: How Immigration is Changing the U.S.
By the time today's toddlers reach middle age, every American will be a member of a minority group.
An unprecedented tidal wave of immigration from Latin America, Asia, and Africa is changing the U.S. What is now a nation of mostly European descendants soon will become a nation of mostly Latin, Cambean. and Third World people.
‘The shift is well under way,” reported Heather Dewar of Knight Ridder News Service. "If it continues at its current pace, by the tune today's toddlers reach middle age, every American will be a member of a minority group.**
“We’ve never had this kind of diversity before, and neither has anybody else,** said sociologist Philip Nyden of Loyola University. ‘The big question is, what kind of society is America going
sober
Whether the American people want to change the nation's ethnic make-up is a question they were never asked.
Driven by an ideology that conveniently justifies their economic and financial interests, American elites in business, politics, and academia have embarked on a course to change America's ethnic make-up.
“We want to become a multiracial. multi-ethnic society,** said President Bill Clinton in 1997, though he never identified whom was meant by “we." At a White House meeting with journalists.
the president described overturning America's traditionally restrictive immigration policies as "a great revolution" that “will prove we literally can live without.. .having a dominant European culture"
Give or take a decade at current immigration rates, Americans of European descent will be reduced to less than half of the population by 2050, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Immigrants and their descendants will eventually constitute the majority of the U.S. population.
That means America’s 300 year-old European-derived culture is not likely to survive. More than 90 percent of the immigration fueling this demographic revolution is from the Third World where the customs, habits, and values of the people are radically different from America's historic cultural pattern.
Current immigration flows are the result of policies adopted by Congress from 1965 to 1996. Congress not only increased legal immigration by 40 percent, but granted amnesty to roughly 3 million illegal aliens.
Today, nearly 1.3 million legal and illegal aliens settle permanently in the U.S. each year. Immigrants and their children already
account for roughly two-thirds of America’s entire annual population growth, which is driving the U.S. population from 270 million today to 392 million by 2050.
Immigrants are already a potent political force in elections and legislation. As ethnic advocacy groups and their political allies organize those foreign populations, America’s heritage of individual liberty is being dismantled in favor of group rights, racial quotas, and multiculturalism.
So far, the result has been overcrowding, environmental degradation, stagnant wages, ethnic conflict and radical political change.
Unless America reverses course soon, the identity of the U.S. will be permanently altered.
Despite the dramatic shifts in culture and ethnicity, leading politicians rarely discuss the changes, except to hail them as part of the “new world order” of the “global economy." The candidates of the two major parties, both Gov. Geoige W. Bush and Vice President Albert Gore advocate more immigration. Only Pat Buchanan,
the likely nominee of the Reform Party, has called for a moratorium on immigration.
Census Bureau Projections: The Future U.S.
Projected Racial Composition of the U.S. by 2050, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
“[WJe have left the time when the non-white, non-Western part of our population could be expected to assimilate to the dominant majority. In the future, the white Western majority will have to do some assimilation of its own. “
Margaret Farnsworth Riche, Director, U.S. Census Bureau, 1991
NEWSBRIEFS
Dan Rather, Where Are You?
You didn't hear about the two black men accused of beating to death a disabled white man in a heinous hate crime last August in Jacksonville, Florida. That's because news of black-on-white assaults don’t help advance the left’s agenda, which is pushed with unceasing regularity by the corporate press. Former Louisiana State Rep. David Duke was the only national figure to show up at the trial of the two accused. “I’m here to call attention to the massive epidemic of hate crimes being committed against white Americans across the United States,” he said. The 50 year-old victim, Gregory Griffith, suffered a lingering 13-day death after his attackers repeatedly kicked him in the head.
Political Moves
Republicans want New York City Mayor Rudolph Guiliani to run for the Senate against Hillary You-Know-Who. But Rudy is just as left-wing — if not more so — than the cuckolded First Lady. On abortion, gay rights, affirmative action, immigration, education, etc., etc, they hardly disagree, except maybe on marginal tax rates. In pre-campaign strategizing, Rudy's wife, actress Donna Hanover, announced she would put off her performance in the left's latest favorite pornographic production, ‘The Vagina Monologues” — no doubt a ploy to soften Rudy’s left-wing image for GOP voters.
Racism at the Top?
Black Secret Service agents filed a class action civil rights lawsuit against the agency, alleging 25 years of “racial harassment and retaliation.” The agents say that racism at the agency is “severe and pervasive," and that the agents suffered “intimidation" whenever they complained about discrimination. The people who ran the Secret Service at the time, namely Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and President Bill Clinton, presumably could have ended the alleged harassment any time they wanted.
Welcome to Looney Hines, Virginia
Virginia Circuit Court Judge Will Taylor ordered that a woman who calls herself a “witch" be given the authority to conduct legally-recognized marriages. Christy Hemenway, 40, who says she was “ordained" by a VViccan organization in California calling itself the Temple of Isis, had twice failed to get permission to perform marriage ceremonies. On her third try she enlisted the help of the anti-Christian ACLU, which had earlier helped two other Virginia “witches" get their licenses. As evidence that she is a real religious leader, Hemenway says she leads a “coven" of six Wiccans.
Extortion Effort Growing
Although the courts have thrown out three of the cities* suits as baseless, politicians representing 190 cities have joined the government's extortion effort against U.S. firearms manufacturers, announced HUD honcho Andrew Cuomo. The politicians say they hope that the threat of bankruptcy from nationwide legal bills will force the manufacturers to hand over a portion of sales revenue for anti-gun education projects and impose restrictions on the sale of guns to private citizens. So far. Smith & Wesson is the only gun company to agree to the government's demands.
No Common Sense
The six-year-old boy who shot and killed a female classmate in Michigan has been sent to attend classes with normal children at a private school at taxpayer expense. An attorney representing the family of shooting victim Kayla Rolland said the family was appalled. “We're shocked, appalled and outraged that they would put him back in any school, and we're concerned about the safety of other children who would be around." The little killer has a history of violence, including stabbing another child with a pencil.
Continued on page 8
Page 7
Miodlm Amfuican News
NEWSBRIEFS
Locked Up
As the U.S. imports into a rapidly decaying society increasing numbers ol people from crimc-prone foreign populations — particularly in Central and South America — the number of prison inmates in the U.S. is expected to reach 2 million b\ the end of 2001. The Justice Department’s Bureau of Statistics says that of 1.860.520 adults in U.S. jails. 560,000 are black. Roughly 25 percent of all federal prisoners are aliens The top four states with the highest inmate populations are California. Texas. New York, and Florida. The lowest are North Dakota. Vermont. Wyoming, and Maine.
Only Three?
Last month Mississippi became the third state in the union to block homosexuals from adopting children. The ACLU — of course — has threatened a lawsuit on behalf of two homosexual lovers who want to adopt.
Tolerance For Us, But Not For You
The student government at Tuft's University cut off funding for a student Christian group because it declined to give a leadership post to a student who said she was bisexual. Tufts Christian Fellowship, like other student groups, is funded with student fees collected by the university. The school administration said it wouldn’t interfere with the funding cut off. David Smith, spokesman for a homosexual outfit that calls itself the Human Rights Campaign, argues that religious groups have no right to exercise their beliefs about homosexuality. “Religion should never be used to justify discrimination,” he said.
Yeah Sure, We Believe You
On the 25th anniversary of the collapse of America’s military effort in Vietnam, the House of Representatives passed a resolution condemning Hanoi's Communist government for its repression of political dissent. Even left-wing Rep. Tom Lantos, D-CA, opined that Vietnam remains “one of the most repressive societies on the face of this planet.’* But the House vote is just a cynical charade by re-election minded politicians to look good to Vietnamese immigrants. It was left-wingers in die House who voted 25 years ago to stab U.S. troops in the back by cutting off their funding. Then the House applauded President Clinton’s decision to open diplomatic relations with Hanoi. And it is the House that still drrlinr* to prevent trade with that “most repressive" country.
i» in the Heartland Illegal aliens aren’t causing problems just for states like California. Texas, Arizona and Florida. They’re causing increasing crime in the heartland, too. The INS reports that 1 #00 illegals were deported from Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota last year, half of whom who were picked up for crimes committed after their illegal entry. Minnesota's leftist elites, however, like the aliens. The slate's Department of Human Services that doles out free goodies like housing and welfare has decided on its own not to report suspected illegals to the INS. “I just find that appalling." said State Rep. Fran Bradley. Welcome to the club, Fran.
Gore's Gender Gap
After bashing American males and their values, the leftwingers who run the Democrat Party face an electoral gender gap The Democrats have a man problem, and it may be
I bigger than the Republicans' women problem.'' says Anna Greenberg of Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government.
Polls show Gore and Bush dead even among women, at 39 percent each. But Gore trails Bush in support from men by 13 points. Gore’s narrow campaign refuses to reach out to victims of affirmative action, gun owners, Christians, and blue collar workers whose wages arc held down by alien workers.
Such a Deal!
Clinton’s Department of Housing and Urban Development has sold a housing project, which cost taxpayers $17 million, to a nonprofit group for $10. That’s ten dollars
—	not ten million dollars.
That's Why Stamps Cost So Much
U.S. Postal Service regulations do not allow payment of moving expenses for employees who relocate within 50 miles of their current duty station. Nevertheless, USPS did approve $105,817 to move one top employee 30 miles and $142,311 to move another just 10 miles — and both still reported to the same location as before the moves! The lucky pair also claimed $25,000 each in “miscellaneous allowances.*
Cost Beyond Imagination
Congressional appropriations to operate the federal government for the year 1915 totaled $1,089,408,777 — a figure considered shockingly high at the time. Today,
$1.089 billion could not keep our bloated bureaucracy running for five hours.
Stick It to Uncle Sam
The U.S. House of Representatives pays $77 a ton to dispose of its trash in a landfill
—	nearly twice the $44 per ton average price for that service.
Generous to a Fault
Welfare benefits in New York City provide a living standard equivalent to a job paying nearly $14 an hour. Elsewhere in New York, and in Massachusetts and Hawaii, freeloaders live as well as those who work for $12 per hour.
Either Way, You Pay
Since “welfare reform* has lowered the number of people formally receiving welfare, religious organizations have stepped in to fill the “charity gap* — using federal grants of as much as $500,000.
They Spend, We Pay
The Clinton Administration is pressing to forgive more than $1.3 billion owed by the African nation of Uganda, the former fiefdom of cannibal nut case Idi Amin. At the same time, the current rulers of that poverty-stricken country are spending $375 million on a presidential jet.
High Cost of Thuggery In the first two weeks following Janet Reno's Waco-style removal of Elian Gonzalez from his Miami relatives' home, the Feds spent $762,000 on security, to keep anyone not approved by the Clinton Administration from speaking to him.
Scofflaw Gun-Haters The Department of Housing and Urban Development says it will spend $15 million on publicity stunts known as gun buy-backs. The purpose is to create the impression that “the streets” are safer when private firearms are confiscated. It's difficult to believe that Congress appropriated any funds for anti-gun propaganda by an agency that's supposed to provide housing.
But on the other hand, the Republicans are in charge of Congress. Under them, all things are possible except opposition to the Clinton agenda.
Feds Fund Protesters Among the radical extremist groups that protested last month in Washington, D.C., that the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund aren’t left-wing enough were some who receive federal grants. The National Taxpayers Union Foundation calculated that official sponsors of the protests received at least $15 million in federal money. Groups named by NTUF include the Rural Coalition, Friends of the Earth, and the Earth Action Coalition. NTUF said the demonstrations. which shut down many government offices, cost the Feds $20 million in pay for workers who had the day off.
More Cash From NEA The National Endowment for the Arts announced it was giving away $50.2 million in 777 grants around the country. The dole includes $40,000 to the racist anti-white Whitney Museum in New York and $25,000 to the Kitchen,” which produces obscene homosexual plays. Other propaganda expenses by NEA include $15,500 to the Arab Community Center for Economic and Social Services To document the experiences of Detroit-area Arab auto workers;” $8,000 for a play called “Crack’s Stranglehold,* about the effects of the drug on skid row in Los Angeles; $25,000 to boost career opportunities for female orchestra conductors; and $47,000 to a foundation in San Diego to “document” the AIDS memorial quilt:
Tax Burden on the Rise The non-partisan Tax Foundation reports that the 1998 tax burden on average income was 39 percent. “Even after adjusting for inflation, recent prosperity has resulted in higher taxes. The $26,759 total tax burden that a median two-earner family paid in 1998 is the highest ever,” the foundation said. In 1958. taxes ate up just 17.9 percent of a typical family budget.

Pare 8
Middl* American News
June 2000
The Buchanan Speech that the Corporate Media Blacked Out:
‘Trouble in the Neighborhood’
By Patrick J. Buchanan Text cf address to the San Diego World
“We cannot allow to rise within our country a nation within a nation where Spanish is the language and anti-Americanism the ideology.
yy
Affairs Council April 28. 2000
Let me begin with a little history. Since Mexico won its independence from Spain in 1821, our relations have often been troubled. In 1836, American settlers in Texas rebelled and that Mexican province was soon lost to the United States. War ensued; and Mexico ceded the entire Southwest and California to America.
However, when a Union Army helped Benito Juarez force the French out of Mexico in 1867, the neighbors became friends. But in 1910, the troubles began anew. After a revolution that was both antichurch and anti-American, an impatient Woodrow Wilson declared. “I am going to teach the South Americans to elect good men."* And, after a bloody assault on New Mexico by Pancho Villa, Wilson sent General Pershing — to do his tutoring.
In 1938, despite the Good Neighbor Policy of FDR, President Cardenas nationalized the foreign oil companies. PEMEX was bora. Lately, PEMEX has colluded with OPEC to kept oil off the world market to gouge the Americans who bailed out
“Theresa Murray, 82 years old, lives in a ranch house right on the border in Douglas, Arizona. Her house is surrounded by chain-link fence on the top of which are masses of razor wire. Every door and window has bars on it She sleeps with a gun on her bed table because she has been burglarized 30 times. **
Mexico five yean ago. So much for grati-lade.
Today, I fear America and Mexico may again be headed (or a time of troubles. Indeed, in his novel about future wars. Cap Weinberger even had one of those wars feature a US invasion of Mexico. For the record, that is not What I have in mind.
Why do I believe U.S.-Mexican relations are beaded downhill? Because, depute the propaganda about NAFTA, despite some 4000 maquiladora plants employing over a million workers, real wages in these plants have fallen below where they were when NAPTA passed. Indeed, real wages in Mexico are now below where they were in 1980.
Two catastrophic devaluations of the peso fiave rubbed Mexico's hard-working
people of the fruits of their labor. Hence, the great migration north of Mexico’s poor has exploded. Senator Adolfo Zinser openly admits: "The [Mexican) government’s economic policy is dependent on unlimited emigration to the United States.*'
In 1993, Janet Reno boasted: "If NAFTA passes, my job guarding the border will be easier.’’ Well, Ms. Reno got NAFTA; and despite a doubling of the Border Patrol and a new security fence at San Diego, record numbers of illegal aliens are being apprehended every year.
Let me tell you about a lady I visited: Theresa Murray, 82 years old, who lives in a ranch house right on the border in Douglas, Arizona. Her house is surrounded by chain-link fence on the top of which are masses of razor wire. Every door and window has bars on it. She sleeps with a gun on her bed table because she has been burglarized 30 times. Her two pet guard dogs arc dead, their stomachs tom open by shards of glass in packets of meat that were thrown over the fence. This lady is living inside a maximum security prison in her own home in her own country because our government is too weak or cowardly to do its duty to defend America’s borders.
Politicians may gush over our warm relations, but there is no peace on the frontier. Nightly, ranches are turned into bivouac areas for armies of aliens that cut fences and leave poisoned cattle and trails of human debris behind in their endless drive north.
Lately, the Mexican army has begun to intrude. The State Department reports 55 Mexican military incursions in five years. Last month, two truckloads of Mexican soldiers barreled through a barbed wire fence, pursued a Border Patrol vehicle and two officers on horseback, and fired shots. Mexico City says the soldiers were part of an anti-drug unit. But Border Patrol agents believe some Mexican army units collaborate with the drug cartels, that made Mexico (heir preferred crossing point into the U.S. when NAFTA passed.
As for the millions of illegals who have already entered this country, they have caused a demographic sea change. California now has 34 million people and, if the border is not secured, will have 50 million by 2010. One-third of California's population is now Latino.
Such sudden changes in the ethnic character of a society can mean everything. When Americans in Texas vastly out-numbered Mexicans, they rebelled, and Mexico lost Texas. In 1893, U.S. sugar planters in Hawaii rose up and deposed the Queen. Five years later, we annexed Hawaii. Mass immigration, then insurrection. Independence, and annexation: This Is how Europe's American empires were expropriated, and America grew. We may choose to forget this history, but Mexico re members And while we shudder at the idea it coiild happen here, Mexican irredentism is alive and welL
In 1998, the Mexican consul general in California exclaimed: “(EJven though I
am saying this part serious, pan joking, I think we are practicing La Reconquista in California." In 1997, President Zedillo said: "I have proudly proclaimed that the Mexican nation extends beyond the territory enclosed by its borders, and...Mexican migrants are...a very important part of it.”
Anti-Americanism is taking root in the barrios. In February 1998 the U.S. soccer team played Mexico in Los Angeles’ Coliseum. The crowd booed our national anthem. Fans who applauded the U.S. team were pelted with fruit and cups of beer; the U.S. players were showered with debris and spat upon as they left the field - in their own country.
The Latino student organization MechA openly demands return of the Southwest to Mexico. Charles Tnixillo, a professor of Chicano studies at the University of New Mexico, says the creation of a new
“Politicians may gush over our warm relations, but there is no peace on the frontier
"Aztlan,” with its capital in Los Angeles is inevitable, and Mexicans should seek it by any means necessary. Ricky Sierra of One Stop Immigration, declares: "We’re recolonizing America so they’re afraid of us. It’s time to take back what is ours.”
One demonstration leader in Westwood was heard to say, "We are here...to show white Protestant Los Angeles that we're the majority...and we claim this land as ours. It’s always been ours and we’re still here.. .if anybody is going to be deported it’s going to be you.” Now, in 1845, Californians did not consider themselves Mexicans, but Spaniards. So this is myth. But in such matters myth trumps truth.
Proposition 187, passed by a 3-2 margin in 1994, was the last serious effort by Californians to confront a crisis state and federal governments refuse to grapple with. It would have denied social benefits and free schooling to illegal aliens. It may have been too harsh; but, after Californians voted it into Iqw, pro-illegal groups tied it up in court, and Governor Gray Davis refused to pursue it to the Supreme Court. Prop 187, mocks California legislator Art Torres, was "the last gasp of white America."
Why did Californians support it? One reason is that the LA school system is in crisis. At a cost of $10*500 per student, more than half the students cannot do grade-level work. Children are promoted automatically.
whether failing or not The new L.A. also has a thriving gang culture, where Hispanic gangs account for far more killings than those by any other group.
Taxpayer services was another reason for Prop 187. Here, I want to repeat a story by Roger McGrath, an historian of the American West who was bom in L.A. "Not so long ago," writes McGrath, "my daughter had split her eyebrow open in an accident and my wife and I rushed her to our local hospital. Although our community is not more than 8% Hispanic, a third or more in the emergency room clearly were recent arrivals from south of the border...they were speaking only Spanish. While my wife held an ice pack on my daughter’s eyebrow, I filled out a stack of insurance forms for the hospital, and watched illegal alien after illegal alien go ahead of us....Most of them seemed to be there for problems that were not of an emergency nature. Controlling my temper as best 1 could 1 asked one of the nurses what was going on. She looked at me sympathetically, nodded in the direction of the illegals and said ’If they don’t pay,
the county and the state cover our expenses. If you don't pay, we're stuck with it.0 Illegal aliens to the front of the line, American citizens to the rear.**
No one is supposed to talk about this. Republicans head for the hills and wall themselves off in gated communities, terrified to speak their minds lest they be branded "xenophobic” by the thought police of Political Correctness. Democrats see a new base in illegal immigration. The more poor people, the larger the constituency for social programs. The speaker of California’s assembly has called on the state to issue drivers licenses to illegal aliens. And Democrats are moving at flank speed to turn illegals into voters.
President Clinton, whose INS created 800,000 new citizens just in time to vote in 19%, is talking about another amnesty for all illegal aliens. The AFL-CIO, with visions
Continued on page 12
“Republicans head for the hills and wall themselves off in gated communities, terrified to speak their minds lest they be branded ‘xenophobic * by the thought police of Political Correctness. ”
Pace ‘J
Middlb American News
“/ believe that family farms and rural towns must be conserved.”
"We must restore farmers' property rights under the Fifth Amendment and end the regulatory theft of property rights without Just compensation."
Family Farms
^.Washington and Wall Street may believe it inevitable that the family farm must pass away. But, as a conservative, 1 believe that family farms and rural towns must be conserved. So, today, 1 offer |a) ...pact, a Bill of Rights for the Family Farm: First, I will, as President, abolish all inheritance and capital gains taxes on family farms. Americans over the age of 55 own half of our farmland. But inheritance taxes prevent these farmers from bequeathing a birthright to their children....
1 believe we must take aggressive action to open overseas markets to U.S. farm products. But we must stop unilaterally throwing open our markets to Japan, China, the Pacific Rim and the EU, when they deny os free and fair access to their markets....
[IJf our trade laws are not there to pro-
tect Americans who are they written for? Today, the price of virtually every farm commodity we produce — hogs, corn, beans, cattle. Wheat, apples, milk, cotton — has fallen below their cost of production. When that happens, imports kill farms....
Therefore, as President, I would impose this policy: Whenever the price of a commodity falls below the cost of production, we stop importing that commodity into the United States, to save our family farms. ... I will abolish the IMF and end these taxpayer bailouts of foreign competitors of U.S. farmers.
... 1 will enforce existing anti-trust laws to prevent the mega-mergers that are forcing vertical integration of American
agriculture...Family farms cannot compete against transnationals that fix prices by closed contracts, leverage trade deals, secure tax benefits that are unavailable to independent producers, and operate branches of their empires at a loss until small competitors collapse.
...I support a policy of U.S. energy independence that includes a strong stand for ethanol. This industry creates 40,000 jobs, adds $12 billion in net farm income each year, and decreases the demand for foreign OPEC oil. Here in Iowa, with the move on to ban MTBE, ethanol’s chief competitor, the expanded market for ethanol could add 50 cents a bushel to the price of com.
...[Slaving the family farm will require a rewrite of the Endangered Species Act so
that Congress is forced to vote on every species that is listed as endangered. ...fWJc should exempt family farms from OSHA and begin a regulatory revolution to restore sanity to federal regulation. I will impose a moratorium on new regulation, require a sunset provision of five years on all regulation, and institute a defined annual cutback in paperwork for family farms.
...[W]e must restore farmers’ property rights under the Fifth Amendment and end the regulatory theft of property rights without just compensation. ...Private holdings are not public habitats, and unelected bureaucrats must not be allowed to force citizens to cede their property without due process and just payment.
...We must keep faith with these Americans, by ensuring that their dreams are not buried beneath dumped imports, or plowed under by transnational corporations with no allegiance to anything but their own bottom line.
Immigration
“...mass legal immigration must be reduced by restoring the 20th century average of250,000 to 300,000 immigrants per year\ ”
During the 45 years leading up to the Immigration Act of 1965,10 million immigrants came to the United States, and by and large assimilated successfully into American culture. They fought with us in four wars, built our factoriesjj enriched our culture, and helped make the United States the mightiest industrial empire on earth.
But the onset of mass immigration in the 1960s overwhelmed the great American melting pot Cultural institutions already under assault by liberals who despise our heritage were unable to assimilate the 30 million immigrants who flooded into the US. over the past three decades. Exploding crime statistics, swamped social services. and the rise of ethnic militancy tell the sad story.
This year, 13 million more immigrants will pour into the U.S. — 400,000 of them illegal aliens. If America is to survive as “one nation,” we must lake an immigration "time out” to mend the melting pot.
As President, I will:
Hah illegal immigration by securing our porous borders and strengthening internal enforcement.
Stand with the three-in-four Americans who agree that mass legal immigration must be reduced by restoring the 20th century average of 250,000 to 300,000 immigrants per year.
Support a national campaign of assimilation to leach newly adopted Americans our culture, history, traditions, and English language To do otherwise cripples American cohesion and keeps the newest members of the American family from full participation.
“This year, 1.3 million more Immlgranta will pour Into the U.8. i 400,000 of them Illegal allena."
Pat Buchanan on the Issues
Jobs & Trade
“...working men and women are being sacrificed to the Global Economy, and...our leaders seem deaf to their distress..."
The elitist architects of GATT and NAFTA have locked arms with their corporate cohorts to support a trade policy that is neither fair nor free. This year we will incur a $300 billion trade deficit. A fourth of our steel, a third of our autos, half our machine tools, two-thirds of our textiles will be imported. America, once the world’s greatest creditor, is becoming its greatest debtor.
The bulls run wild on Wall Street, corporate profits boom, and CEOs ring up record salaries. But in Middle America, our industrial base is eroding, factories are closing, and manufacturing jobs are moving overseas. America's working men and women are being sacrificed to the Global Economy, and though our leaders seem deaf to their distress, their concerns are valid.
American workers have watched their wages shrink to 1973 levels. Manufacturing jobs comprise the smallest share of the labor force in 10() years. More mothers and wives are in the labor force than ever before in our history, but median family income still lags $1000 below where it was when Ronald Reagan left office.
As our industrial capacity slips, and America sacrifices her self-sufficiency, we become increasingly vulnerable to incompetence and corruption beyond our shores. In a Global Economy just one
default from disaster, financial blunders from Mexico to Asia shake U.S. markets, put our nation’s financial stability at risk, and lead*to endless bailouts of our “trading partners.”
As our independence falters, our sovereignty erodes. In 1994, for the first time, the U.S. joined a global institution, the World Trade Organization, where America has no veto power and the one-nation, one-vote rule applies. For America to continue down this road to global interdependence is a betrayal of our history and our heritage of liberty.
The time has come to wake up and realize that other nations do not believe in our brand of free trade. While we merrily open our markets, predatory partners like China and Japan each run up $60 billion surpluses at America’s expense.
As President, I will:
Use the trade laws of this country and the power of my office to protect the jobs of our workers, the standard of living of America’s families, the independence of our country, and the sovereignty of the United States.
Impose tariffs on cheap foreign imports — the same taxes imposed on goods made in the USA.— and use the revenue to slash income taxes for all Americans.
Prioritize the American Economy before the Global Economy by withdrawing from international organizations that imperil our financial stability and economic independence.
Open foreign markets to American products by requiring reciprocal trade policies.
Protect vital American industries by passing tough anti-dumping legislation.
War & Globalism
“We will withdraw from all United Nations and global organizations that do not serve U.S. Interests. ”
Our vital national interests are the security and sovereignty of the U.S.A. Now that the extraordinary era of the Cold War is over, we need a more traditional American foreign policy for more traditional times to keep us out of the kind of wars that have destroyed every other great power in history.
In the words of John Quincy Adams, our greatest Secretary of State, “Wherever the standard of freedom and independence has been or shall be unfurled, there will [America’s] heart, her benedictions, and her prayers be. But she goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy.”
When U.S. interests are threatened, or our citizens attacked, or our honor impugned, America will fight — but we will not commit our forces carelessly or sacrifice American soldiers to save the faces of foolhardy interventionists.
We will withdraw from all United Nations and global organizations that do not serve U.S. interests. Not one dime from the International Monetary Fund will go to prop up corrupt foreign regimes or countries hostile to the United States. And not one United States soldier will be forced to swear allegiance to an international organization.
“...not one United States soldier will be forced to swear allegiance to an International organization. ”
For information on how to contact the candidates, see more Election 2000 coverage on page 12
Moon American News
June 2000
Buchanan: “The Clinton China policy is a demonstrable failure.”
“With the complicity, or laxity, of the White House, China has stolen U.S. satellite and missile technology, and the technology for the W88 miniaturized nuclear warhead, and targeted 13 of its first 18 ICBMs on the United States. ”
China Policy
For Americans there must always be some things still greater in the hierarchy of values than the bottom line of a balance sheet. It is time to put country before commerce...
It is ... time for truth about the Peoples Republic of China, and about the China policy of this White House. In a sentence, the Clinton policy of “constructive engagement" has degenerated into willful self-delusion and craven appeasement: and that pabcy is leading directly to a confrontation, and possible conflict, with China.
...Since 1990, Beijing has been allowed to run up $274 billion in trade surpluses with the United Stales. Our trade concessions have given China the secood largest hoard of hard currency in the world, $150 billion.
Last year alone, China rang up a $57 billion trade surplus with the United States, representing almost 100 percent of China's economic growth. The U.S. has voted to provide Beijing with World Bank and Asian Development Bank loans that amount to foreign aid, and Beijing has been permitted to purchase America's latest technology, including dozens of supercomputers....
But what have been the fruits of our “engagement"?
China has provided missiles to Iran and nuclear technology to Pakistan.
Chinese naval forces have occupied
Mischief Reef in the Spratly Islands that sit astride Japan's oil lifeline.
China has fired missiles toward Taiwan to intimidate its government and to disrupt free elections.
China has warned Japan against any deeper military cooperation with the United States, and warned us that any deployment of theater missile defense would be an unfriendly act, as would any missile defense of Japan or Taiwan.
China has launched the greatest military buildup in Asia since Japan in the 1930s, using hard currency from its U.S. trade to buy the latest in Russian anti-ship weaponry.
With the complicity, or laxity, of the White House, China has stolen U.S. satellite and missile technology, and the technology for the W88 miniaturized nuclear warhead, and targeted 13 of its first 18 ICBMs on the United States.
..Also, China has steadily expanded to 200 the number of M-9 and M-l 1 missiles targeted on Taiwan, building to a force of 650, and has mock-test fired missiles at U.S. forces on Okinawa and in South Korea....
The Clinton China policy is a demonstrable failure....
The "China market," visions of which so intoxicate the Business Roundtable and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, is an enduring myth dating back to the turn of the century... China has never been an important export market; we sell more to tiny Singapore.
Last year, less than two percent of our exports went to China, but China ran up huge trade surpluses with us in electrical equipment, heavy machinery, footwear, furniture, apparel, clothing, leather and plastics.
What were our big sellers to China, besides aircraft? Cotton, live animals, starches, fibers, meat, cereals, wood pulp, raw hides, skins, residues and waste from the food industries, oil seeds, animal and vegetable fat, and fertilizer. Isn't that pretty much what the thirteen colonies sent to George III?
...U.S. trade policy today is impossible to defend in terms of U.S. strategic interests.
...What should be done?
...Congress should suspend MFN and impose on all Chinese imports the same taxes China imposes on goods from the U.S.A.
Congress should vote to block the trans-
fer of any new high-lech military technology to China's regime.
Congress should demand that the U.S. veto new loans to China from the World Bank or Asian Development Bank, and reject the admission of China to the World Trade Organization, and work for the admission of Taiwan....
Finally, the United States must assert that any decision to deploy purely defensive weapons, such as the theater missile defense (TMD), is not subject to China's veto. And if Beijing does not halt its own missile buildup, we should interrupt normal trade. An embargo on China would hardly be felt by America; but it would bring an instant currency and economic collapse in China.
Let me repeat: No one wants a confrontation or conflict with China; but Beijing needs to be jolted into an awareness that threats against Taiwan or our friends in the Pacific, mean an end to U.S. economic engagement and a closing of the U.S. market...Today, China is dependent on U.S. trade and goodwill for loans, for yearly infusions of hard currency, and for virtually its entire economic growth....
Now is the time to use our leverage to demonstrate forcefully the cost to Beijing of going down the road toward confrontation over Taiwan, so that, further down this road, it will not be necessary to use our military power — and put at risk our fleets, our forces in Asia, and our cities.
Regulating the Regulators: Steps to Reform Congress and Campaign Financing
Buchanan's Reform Platform: Abolish Politicians' Pensions, Allow Term Limits, Tax Foreign Agents, Ban Corporate Money
(From campaign documents)
We must end the glorified bribery that passes for fundraising in congres- No Corporate PAC Money
sional campaigns, and cleanse our capital city of the buying and selling of Corporate Political Action Committees will be barred from contributing to political influence:	candidates for federal office and national party committees.
Reestablish the Right of States to Limit Terms Congress should pass a law that recognizes the right of the states to impose term limits on members of Congress and that restricts the appellate juriecSclion of the Supreme Court so that it cannot overturn state term limit laws.
Abolish Congressional Pensions
Congressional pensions will be eliminated. Retired and current members of the House and Senate may keep their pensions, but payments will be frozen, and there will be no future cost of living increases. As of 2000, congressmen will not be allowed into the pension system. They will go on Social Security and can use their personal savings, like everyone else, for their retirement.
Franked mass mail win be banned. Members of Congress will use the frank only to answer unsolicited mail and constituent queries.
Campaign Finance Reform
House Campaigns: Limit Money From Outside the District House candidates should raise 76% of their campaign funds from within the district they are seeking to represent. Contributions will be limited to $1000 per contributor for the primary, and $1,000 for the general election.
Senate Campaigns: Limit Money From Outside the State Senate candidates should raise 76% of their campaign funds from individuals within the states they are seeking to represent. Contributions will be limited to $1000 for the primary, and $1000 for the general election.
No Corporate Money
Corporations will be barred from contributing to the national political party committees.
Regulating Foreign Agents
Americans registering with the Justice Department as foreign agents for foreign corporations, institutions and governments will be required to pay a $10,000 annual licensing fee. The Justice Department will use the money to track and publicly report the activities of these foreign agents of influence in the United States.
No Foreign Agents in a Buchanan Administration
Members of a Buchanan administration will take an oath pledging to never
work on behalf of a foreign government.
Lobbying Reform *
There will be a 5-year ban on all lobbying by former members of Congress or their staff. There will be a 5-year ban on all lobbying by former White House staff.
Tax Exempt Institutions Must Report Foreign Contributors All tax-exempt public policy institutions—foundations, think-tanks, advocacy groups will publicly disclose all money received from foreign governments. individuals, and institutions.
Page 11
Middle American News
June 2000_____________
Continued from page 9
Buchanan’s Blacked Out Speech: ‘Trouble in the Neighborhood’
or
(lions of new union members, is all for it. Meanwhile, in California, plans are being explored to declare Cinco de Mayo a suae holiday. Mln the near future," says Gray Davis, "people will look at California and Mexico as one magnificent region.** Perhaps we can call it Aatlan.
George W. Bush goes further. He wants a NAFTA free trade zone extended to all of South America to Cape Horn. But just as in Europe, where such a Common Market led toa European political union, a hemispheric NAFTA must mean an eventual end of America's separate identity and national sovereignty. Mr. Clinton understands this. I doubt if Mr. Bush has a clue.
My friends. Mexico’s people are good people, who have been robbed repeatedly of fee just rewards of their labor. While any American President must be ready to help Mexico, we cannot permit any regime to use America as a spillway for the excess population it cannot employ. And we cannot allow to rise within our country a nation within a nation where Spanish is the language and anti-Americanism the ideology, while U.S. taxpayers pay for its schools and services as it swells inexorably towards the Nuevo Aztlan of the Chicano activists* imagination.
In a Buchanan presidency, the Border Patrol will get the tools it needs, and be bucked up by the Armed Forces if neces-
sary; and that border will be closed tight to illegal immigration, and I will ask no one s permission to do it. As Ronald Reagan reminded us: A country that doesn’t control its borders isn’t really a country anymore. Good fences make good neighbors.
As for U.S. businesses that repeatedly hire illegals to avoid the wages, benefits, and protections accorded our workers, they will be prosecuted. And I will use every presidential power to ensure that immigrant
children are immersed in the English language from the moment they enter an American classroom.
My friends, you in the West know that Mexico is inseparably entwined with the culture and history of this region. But for all that we share, we remain separate, distinct nations. And the nation, said General DeGaulle, is the building block of international society. As he could not see a Europe without her France, her Italy, her Germany,
so, to me, the world will suffer an incomparable and irreparable loss without a fully sovereign and forever independent United States, with defined frontiers, confident of its history and identity, ready always to extend Mexico a helping hand, but prepared to enforce its own laws, and formulate trade and immigration policies in the interests of Americans first. When all our leaders are clear about that, we will be on the way to peace on the border once again.
ELECTION 2000
For more information on-the candidates, contact their campaign headquarters:
Gov. George W. Bush
Republican
Website:
www.georgewbush.com
Bush for President P.O. Box 1902 Austin, Texas 78767-1902 Tel: 512-637-2000 Fax: 512-637-8800
Vice President Al Gore
Democrat
Website:
www.algore2000.com
Gore 2000 2410 Charlotte Ave.
Nashville, Tennessee 37203
Tel: 615-340-2000
Hearing Impaired: 615-340-3260
Patrick Buchanan Reform Party Website:
www.gopatgo2000.com
Buchanan Reform P.O. Box 1919 Merrifield, Virginia 22116-1919 Tel: 703-734-2700
SPREAD THE WORD!
Order bulk quantities of
Use This Coupon to Order
^ 1> o fc. b. ^
Send to:
Middle American News Distribution Center P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
Buy bulk quantities of M.A.News at reduced rates and help spread the word!
I I YES, I want extra copies of this issue of Middle American News (June 2000).
Name
Address
City/State/Zip.
(For UPS delivery - street address only, no P.O. Boxes)
Telephone r--	.__________________
(In case we have questions about your order)
□	10 copies for $6.00
□	25 copies for $11.00 H 50 copies for $16.00
□	100 copies for $26.00
□	500 copies for $100.00
Enclosed is a check for
$________. Send me the
number of copies of the June issue I've checked.
(No charge for shipping.)
June 2000
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT •••
JwSSBlN* frJS
Publisher	Editor
Palmer Stacy Jerry Woodruff
Contributors:
Brent Nelson Brendan Long Elizabeth Howard Robert Holland Wayne Lutton
I	Published	monthly
Price: $2.00 per issue, $17.00 per year subscription. Requests for subscriptions should be accompanied by check or money order payable to:
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608. Raleigh. NC 27619
The issue today is the same as it has been throughout all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite.
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Viewpoint columns and letters do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Middle American News.
SORRf.
T\0KHO
OJI HERE..
What Happens After the Boom?
Your newspaper irritates me, angers me, riles me up, makes me feel the country I was bom in is morphing into someplace totally foreign.
Unchecked immigration is fast changing the heart and soul of my country. Sometimes I feel like I am the foreigner, like I am the outsider.
I will NOT vote this year. I do not like Gore, and I cannot accept Bush, because he wants to throw open the borders.
When the so-called economic boom is over (by the way, there is no boom in Hawaii — it’s a bust), how will the U.S. deal with all the imported people? Or will the imported workers just voluntarily go back where they came from? Or will they all go on welfare as they have in Hawaii? Hawaii, in fact, is the model for what the other states are going to become when the boom is over.
Beware.
Ms. A.R.
Honolulu, Hawaii
Return to Constitution
The proper function of government is to protect life and property, not to provide equal amounts of things to all people. But the protections offered by elective government are under attack as our politicians seem to have adopted the Communist Manifesto, lock, stock, and barrel.
Our Constitution and Bill of Rights secured our God-given rights, but today the state is placed superior to the individual.
We must return to constitutionally limited government or tyranny will greatly intensify its hold on America.
Mr R D.
Baden, Pennsylvania
Reader's Forum
Thanks for Paper
Thank you for sending me a copy of your paper. 1 never knew it existed, but 1 am sure glad I found out about it!
Middle American News is like a breath of fresh air! My local papers hardly ever talk about the things you report. It is amazing that so much is going on in this country that never gets reported, except by you.
1 am ordering 25 extra copies to give to my friends, because I know they feel the same way I do about how we are losing our country, and I don’t think they have heard of you, either. But they will soon!
Thanks again for a terrific newspaper, and keep up the good work!
Mrs. J.B.
Tucson, Arizona
Preserving Neighborhoods
Thank you for publishing news about how immigration is changing the United States of America.
1 am not a racist, and none of my neighbors are either. But we wonder how come we are not allowed to preserve our neighborhood and community the way we like it. After all, isn't it an important part of freedom to be able to live among people who share your own values, language, and culture? If you can’t do that because of government regulations, then you are not really free.
1 am really grateful that a publication like yours is not afraid to talk about these issues. The more we talk openly about what we think and feel, the better
chance we have to save our way of life for our children.
Thank you.
Mr. J.T.
Fairfax, Virginia
Government as Enemy
I read with interest the article about gun registration (Guess Who s Exempt From Gun Registration? April M.A. News).
That the same people who let criminals get out on parole or probation are the ones who want me to register my gun is pretty scary. Just whose side is our government on, anyway? How come they trust convicted felons to walk out of jail, but don't trust me to keep a gun in my dresser drawer?
Your article really hit the nail on the head for me. If felons don’t have to register their guns because it would violate their 5th Amendment rights, but I have to register mine, then that means my government is becoming my enemy.
It seems like this state of affairs happened almost overnight without anyone noticing, and without my doing anything to provoke it.
Mr. R.W.
Grand Rapids, Michigan
------------- Letters	-----------
Letters to the Editor should be mailed to:
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
Phone:919-839-1001 Fax: 919-839-2181 Email address: manews@manews.org Web Site: www.manews.org
Page 13
Jung 2000
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Capitol
Offenses
mm the Dome
By Klitaheth Howard
Washington Correspondent
Liars. Liar& f\mt$ m Fire.9 Coo-pvoional Democrats, who once demanded that the legal process he allowed lo punish Clinton's crimes after he leaves office, now want lo Mod any indictment of the First Felon next year. Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV). who supported a censure resolution specifically providing for Clinton to face justice in 2001, now says even consideration of indictment is the Irak of lunacy." Watch other onetime advocates of delayed justice as they work in the coming months to frustrate it altogether Sen. Kent Conrad (D-KDk who said Clinton's transgressions “arc matters heal left to the criminal justice system"; Rep. Zoe Lafgren (OCA): "Punishment. ...[is] up to the criminal justice system"; Sen. Herb Kohl (D-WI): "His acts
not be ‘removable* wrongs, but they could be ‘convictable* crimes"; Sen. Joseph Lleberman (D-CTfc "should be left to the criminal-justice system"; Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA): *“[H]e remains subject to the laws of the land, just like any other citizen"; and many more hypocrites.—
Silencing the Truth. Demagoguing a respected rational immigration control organization as a "hate group," Sen. Spencer Abraham (R-MI) has pressured TV stations to cancel the group's ads, which criticized him for helping write current immigration laws to benefit his campaign contributors...
Royalty Has Its Privileges. Rep. Patrick (son of Teddy) Kennedy (D-RJ) has been accused of laying hands on a female airport security employee who attempted to make him obey the same rules that common travelers must follow. As a member of America’s royal family, he will suffer no penalty for the assault. The woman may at least take some solace m the fact that she survived the encounter — other female victims of the Kennedys are not so fortunate....
Bowing to the Lavender Lobby. Openly homosexual ex-Sep. Steve Gunderson (R-WI) boasts that George W. Bush’s recent meeting with a GOP "gay" group means, "never again will a major-party Candida* be *k to ran for president without addressing gay and lesbian issues.** Bush described himself as "a hewer person" for having met with this motley crew.... Among those addressing the homosexual "MBlen-aum March on Washington for Equality" in May were Reps. JcrvuM Nndler (D-NY), Barney Frank <D-MA), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI), Del. Eleanor Holmes Horton (D-DC) and Sen. Paul WcHstone (D-MN).„.
The Public Be Damned. Rep. Tom Lantos (D-CA), perhaps the most arrogant and abusive member of Congress, recently ran over the foot of a 10-year-old tourist while driving his car through the Capitol parking lot Lamm stopped, but refused lo leave the car. When a member of the boy’s tour group stepped in front of the vehicle lo keep Lantos from fleeing, the man was threatened with arrest by a Capitol policeman Lamm then drove away, claiming later that police had waved him on. He was outraged to receive a $25 ticket and, when questioned about the incident by Moll Call newspaper, Lamm "grew angry"....
In the Woodpile. State Rep. Terry Van Home (D), hie party’s nominee for Pennsylvania's 4th Congressional District, admits having once referred lo a colleague as "another inner-city nigger." Abashed Democrats tried to divert attention from his racist "insensitivity" by complaining about GOP candidate Melissa Hart's "right-wing" voting record.
More Preferences, The House has approved a bill providing reduced down-payments for government-insured loans to homebuyers who are school teachers, police officers, fire fighlers, municipal employees, corrections officers or disabled. Those groups gel the benefits while the rest of us serf/taxpayurs assume the additional risk dial comes with irresponsible lending
practices. This particular perversion of "equal justice under law" is the brainchild of Rep. Rick Lazio (R-
NY)___The House has passed legislation increasing
the amount of textiles that can be imported from Africa, further endangering U.S. jobs in that beleaguered industry. Republicans overwhelmingly voted for the bill, sponsored by left-wing Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-NY), but are not likely to receive a single black vote — or even a kind word from leftists — for selling out America’s textile workers....
Missed Opportunities. Rep. Martin Meehan (D-MA) is breaking his self-imposed term limits pledge by running for a fifth time. Incredibly, Republicans are apparently not even going to field a token candidate against this shameless liar....
Stab in the Back. Sen. John McCain’s (R-AZ) sudden, hard-left turn against South Carolina's flying of the Confederate flag could prove disastrous for Rep. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), a vocal McCain supporter who’s said to be planning a Senate run in 2002. Former Gov. David Beasley (R), who was elected on a promise to keep the flag flying, was voted out in 1998 after he reneged on that vow....
Payback. Several Democratic colleagues of Rep. Matthew Martinez (D-CA) actively backed his challenger. State Rep. Hilda Solis, and others refused to help him even with endorsements. Since ten-term Martinez lost the March primary to Solis, he has voted with Republicans on virtually every party-line issue. The trouble with primaries, commented one Democratic aide, is that "you have to live with the dead body for six months"......
The Cowardly Liar. Now running for a fourth term despite pledging to serve only three. Rep. George Nethercutt (R-WA) has attacked the director of U.S. * Term Limits, a group running ads critical of his broken promise, as "a convicted felon who served a long prison sentence." USTL Director Paul Jacob did serve 5-1/2 months in prison in 1980 for refusing to register for the draft as a matter of libertarian principle, but at least was willing to accept the consequences of his own actions — something Nethercutt still refuses to do....
Too Little, Too Late. The House Government Oversight and Reform Committee has written Norma Holloway Johnson, chief judge of the District of Columbia, to ask why she bypassed standard random assignment practices to ensure that Clinton-appointed judges got all cases involving the misdeeds of Webster Hubbell and Democratic fundraisers Charlie Trie, Howard Glicken, Pauline Kanchanalak and Mark Jimenez. A federal panel dismissed a lawsuit filed by Rep. Howard Coble (R-NC) and Judicial Watch over the obvious political corruption, denouncing that petition for justice as "frivolous”....
Just Desserts. Rep. Jim Moran’s (D-VA) altercation with an eight-year-old black boy, whom he said tried to "carjack" him, has received national attention. But little press has been given to a complaint filed with the Federal Election Committee over his illegal use of that car — for which his campaign pays $468 a month — for personal errands. We don’t believe that Moran (well-known in DC as a hot-tempered bully who has physically assaulted adult critics in the past) grabbed the boy for no reason, but he has helped create an atmosphere in which asinine charges like those against him are taken seriously. Enjoy the fruits of your labors, Jim....
GOP: Gutless Old Party. Rep. C.W. Bill Young (R-FL), chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, and subcommittee Chairman Jim Kolbe (R-AZ) have suggested that they might cut off funding for White House travel unless Hillary Clinton provides prompt reports on her use of military planes to campaign in the New York Senate race. She won’t.
And they won’t And she knows they won’t....
Quota Candidates. Former Secretary of State Warren Christopher, recruited by A1 Gore to help find a running-mate, was recently seen visiting Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA).... In a survey of Democrats about women for Gore's second spot, Feinstein was first, followed by Maryland Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend. A surprise third was Rep. Maxine Waters (CA), a shameless Afro-racist and one of the most illogical obstructionists of the Clinton impeachment effort....
Flushed with Shame. Rep. Joe Knollenberg (R-Ml) failed in a valiant effort to repeal a federal law that bars the manufacture of new toilets using more than 1.6 gallons of water per flush. The House Commerce Committee voted 13-12 against his proposal, with GOPers Heather Wilson (NM) and Michael Bikirakis (FL) defecting to the 11 united Democrats. Knollenberg says he will keep trying to get the federal government out of our bathrooms.
Page 14
Middle American News
Jure 2000
Robertson Loses It on the Death Penalty
One of the sneakier tactics of the anti-death penalty lobby, led by the American Civil Liberties Union and similar groups, is to claim that capital punishment ought to be abolished because blacks arc sentenced to death more often than whites or because poor people get the hot juice more frequently than rich people. Because everybody knows the ACLU and its comrades are of leftish orientation, most sensible lawmakers just ignore their whittings as ideologically driven. Now. thanks to the Grand Poobah of | the Christian Right himself, Pat Robertson, that may no longer be I possible.
At a conference at William and Mary College in Virginia,
Robertson, founder of the Christian Coalition and the Christian Broadcasting Network, unbosomed his latest cogitations on capital punishment. While he acknowledged that there are biblical grounds for executing certain criminals, Robertson also said in response to a question from the audience that “1 think a moratorium would indeed be very appropriate.*'
A moratorium would be appropriate, he thinks, because of the very reasons the left-wing ACLU always rakes up — that those defendants sentenced to death, at least in Virginia according to a recent ACLU study, had lawyers who were more likely to be disbarred or disciplined and were therefore probably less competent. Also, as administered in the United States today, the death penalty is supposedly biased against racial minorities.
There are strong grounds for rejecting both of these claims. Virginia’s | Attorney General, Mark Earley, denounces the ACLU study as “a biased and erroneous report** and affirms that “in every Virginia execution since 1982, the prisoner's guilt either has been undisputed or conclusively established." Hp is the point, isn't it — whether the condemned prisoners were guilty of capital crimes or not, not whether they were black or white, rich or poor or had Clarence Darrow or Fred Flintstone as their mouthpiece?
But aside from the dubious validity of the ACLU’s claims, Robertson, supposedly a pillar of the political right in the country and the Republican Party, has done an immense disservice to the cause of criminal justice by his thoughtless remarks. As is not unusual when leaders of the right prove themselves to be useful to the causes of the left, Robertson’s- stature suddenly began to climb after he made his statement.
Michael L. Radelet, chairman of the sociology department at the University of Florida and a leader of an anti-death penalty group known as Moratorium 2000, announced that he was “stunned" by Robertson’s remarks. “He is unquestionably one of the big moral leaders of the United States," Radelet spouted of Robertson. Since when has the left regarded Pat Robertson as a “big moral leader"? When he denounces homosexuality, opposes abortion and demands prayer in schools, Pat Robertson is a religious bigot and crackpot. When he suddenly calls for ending capital punishment ail of a sudden he’s a “big moral leader."
Even if the ACLU case against the death penalty were valid, the remedy is not to stop all further executions but to make the death penalty more just li its application. By the same logic embraced by Robertson, you might as well halt all punishment of criminals if you could show that blacks go to prison more than whites or that defendants who go to jail had worse lawyers than those who didn’t. What’s amazing about Robertson is that he appears to have swallowed whole the socio-babble that the ACLU has always confused with real justice.
As for the myth that blacks get the death penalty more often than whites, author Jared Taylor, in his 1992 study of race relations, “Paved with Good Intentions," replied to that. “White murderers," Taylor wrote, citing criminologist William Wilbanks, “no matter whom they kill, are more likely to get the death penalty than black murderers (11.1 percent to 7.3 percent). Furthermore, whites who kill whites are slightly more likely to be on death row than blacks who kill whites. Finally, whites who kill blacks are slightly more likely to be on death row than blacks who kill whites." It’s dubious the truth about race and the death penalty today is much different from what it was in 1992.
Robertson apparently shot his lip off without knowing the truth or dunking through the implications, ethical as well as political, of what he said about the death penalty. That’s not untypical of the “Christian Right" movement, of which he is a leader, nor indeed of what today passes for the "mainstream right," religious or not. If serious conservatives want to defend the death penalty as an ethically based and socially useful means of punishing evil and protecting the innocent, they’re going to have to look for a leader somewhere else than in Robertson and the movement he leads.
To find out mote aboal Sam Franca. and read fealarei by other Creaton Syndicate wnten and ceutoomtte. vail Ike Ortolan Syndicate web page a! wwwxrealon.com,
COPYRIGHT2000CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC
GOP Silent on Clinton’s New Amnesty for Illegal Aliens
Unknown to most Americans, but widely noticed in the Spanish-language media of immigrant communities, the Clinton administration has endorsed legislation that would grant amnesty to some 500,000 illegal aliens already in the country. The administration's endorsement, announced by Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore, is transparently politically motivated — Gore needs the vast Hispanic vote to win the election. It will be interesting to see how his Republican counterpart reacts.
On April 12, the Los Angeles Times carried the news of Gore’s endorsement, on behalf of the Clinton administration, of an obscure House bill that makes illegal aliens living in the United States eligible to apply for legal residency if they are of "good moral character" and have lived continuously in this country since 1986. Apparently the fact that they entered the country and have lived in it for 14 years in blatant violation of federal law does not detract from their character.
Virtually no other major newspaper has mentioned the amnesty proposal since the Times’ report. But then, why would anyone expect the media to report on a politically driven devaluation of American citizenship? Since both legal and illegal immigration is welcomed by the American governing class, the administration’s decision is merely one more logical step up the ladder of abolishing citizenship — and nationhood — outright.
But if the media were silent about the amnesty, neither did most Republicans have much to say about it. GOP presidential candidate Gov. George W. Bush mumbled that “he did not support an expansion of the amnesty program at this time," the Times reported. Of course, like many of his statements on other issues, this one left open the possibility that he might alter his position at some other time. But since Gore's announcement was dropped at the very moment Bush was speaking to Hispanic groups in California, and since Bush also wants Hispanic votes in that state, this was probably not the time for the governor to say anything intelligent about it.
Nor have any Republican noises erupted from the House and Senate. Although the amnesty legislation is not expected to pass by itself, it might get attached as an amendment to a larger bill allowing more skilled workers to enter the country so the computer industry can fire its higher-paid American workers. Republicans generally plan to vote for that bill, and if the amnesty is linked to it, they’re unlikely to say nay to it either.
Besides, when was the last time a Republican lawmaker met an immigrant he didn’t like? The Times reports that Bush seized the opportunity while in California to “distance himself* from a new version of Proposition 187, the 1994 ballot measure that denied welfare benefits to illegal aliens and which passed overwhelmingly.
Not a few Republicans — including California Gov. Pete Wilson — rode 187 to victory that year, when their party swept into the majority on Capitol Hill, but ever since then they’ve been terrified of immigration issues at all. Committed to the fiction that the party must win the Hispanic vote in order to win at all, almost all Republicans now say they’re “for" legal but “against" illegal immigration.
Well, the Clinton-Gore amnesty gives the Republicans a chance to prove it The silence with which the party is greeting the administration's endorsement suggests that they can’t, that they really support immigration pure and simple, whether it’s legal or not. After all, mass immigration provides cheap labor for the large agribusiness interests that support the GOP and also helps drive down the cost of American labor. As the party of big business, the Republicans have good reasons to keep quiet about Clinton’s amnesty brainstorm.
But if the Republicans care nothing for the integrity of the law that regulates immigration or for the character of their own nation and its citizenship, they might still care something for their own political survival. The largely Hispanic immigrants who have flooded the country for the last generation or so vote overwhelmingly Democratic, and there's no reason to think that will change if the proposed amnesty goes through. Indeed, that’s why the Democrats are backing it. Republicans like Bush may strut about how open they and their party are to immigrants, but the immigrants themselves know which party has pandered to them the most.
There have been four different amnesties for illegal immigrants in the last 14 years, and every time one is adopted, it helps weaken the standing laws on immigration fuilher. If there is anyone left in either party of the American governing class who any longer takes seriously either the rule of law or the integrity of citizenship, he needs to do something to | stop Clinton's latest transgression of both and wake up the Republicans U> the threat it poses.
COPYRIGHT2000CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC.
Samuel Francis
As the party of big business, the Republicans have good reasons to keep quiet about Clinton’s amnesty brainstorm.
Page 15
Jl»Nt 2000
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Clinton's Record So Far
The Failure of the News Media
It is not too early to discuss lift in America in the post-Clinton era. When Americans vie* the final departure of Bill and Hillary from the White House, pcrtiaps in separate helicopters going different ways, the reaction will he mixed. Some will shed tears, some will shout with joy, some will sigh with relief, and mans will experience a queasy, moming-after-a-wild-night-on-thc-town feeling of self-loathing.
Let's review the record. The crooked tandem of Clinton-Gore led a crooked, money-grubbing campaign to shake down a desperately poor Indian tribe, hold a fund-nuser at a Buddhist temple, accept money from foreign contributors, accept laundered money, solicit money while on government property entertain Mexican drug dealers and Chinese arms merchants in the While House, rent out the Lincoln bedroom, sell seats on Air Force One, use
taxpayer money to set up a multimillion-dollar political database, misuse the IRS and the FBI to attack political enemies — and then, when caught, bitterly complain that if the Republicans had not been such vneanies, they would not have been forced to go to such lengths to protect the Constitution and to protect the American people — and particularly the little children — from being crushed by an onrushing radical, right-wing juggernaut.
In April 1999. U.S. Federal Judge Susan Webber Wright found Bill Clinton in civil contempt for lying under oath and obstructing justice, and fined him $90,000. Note that this was “civil” contempt. Judge Wright left open the possibility of
Ijjfidtt BOWleS "criminal” charges. Independent
counsel Robert Ray did not miss Che point. He said, “It is my mtenboo to thoroughly and fairly address that issue.... There is a principle to be vindicated, and that principle is that no one is above the law, even the president B B United States "
Clinton currently faces disbarment as a lawyer in his home state of Arkansas. Additionally, earlier this year, federal judge Royce Lambert issued a 26-page ruling that held that Bill Clinton violated the Privacy Act by releasing letters sent to him by Kathleen Willey, alleged gropee.
Holding up his end of the corruption. Vice President AJ “I am also not a crook” Gore continues to crank out his pathetic excuse that there was no “controlling legal authority or case” to prevent him from illegally soliciting political contributions while on government property. He also still insists that he thought his fund-raising visit to the Buddhist Temple was a “community outreach.” despite credible evidence that he knew exactly where he was and what was going on. If he is lying, it is perjury.
Janet Reno, who acts as defense attorney for Bill Clinton, performs the same function for Al Gore. She protected both of them by refusing to order an independent investigation of campaign law violations, despite FBI director Louis Fvedi's strong recommendation that she do so. More importantly, Reno rejected a similar recommendation from Charles LaBella, who was her own personal cteice to head the Justice Department's campaign finance task force. For two years. Reno has refused to release LaBella’s 94-page report.
This hardy scratches the surface of the deep damage done to America by the Arkansas wrecking crew. Over time, data, reports and information that have been concealed and suppressed will rise to the surface. Civirand criminal lawsuits will abound. We will be inundated with new evidence to substantiate wrongdoing we knew about, and expose wrongdoing we never knew about.
If Gore is elected, it will signify that a majority of Americans have grown accustomed to the stench, even attracted to it. It should not come as a surprise. The human being is magnificently adaptable and able to tolerate, even love, that which was previously considered vile and sinful.
Perhaps our sorry experience with the Gore-Clinton administration was needed for us to understand how close we are to the brink of becoming a nation of men, not laws. In such a nation, justice is neither sure nor even-handed. Corruption becomes a way of life, institutionalized in the government. The idealism of the young erodes into cynicism. Proud men and women who would never he a slam to another person are conditioned to willingly put their heads hi Jbe yoke and betume a slave to Big Government
But the future is not predestined. Wr may have stepped In it, bid ihat does not mean we have,to track it info the future. Yes, please yes, history may record that the legacy of the Clinton presidency was that its classic wretchedness awakened the American people from a soul-numbing moral stupor.
The Lord moves in mysterious ways.
1u find two mutt uboM iMktd BonUu, W n uJ Jtuiurri by other (ftutor t SmhJh uir writers uttd ruriounitit- visit tfv CrtMon Syndtcokt webpage 0 www.cftukwi.com Undo Bowles' r-nut 11 address Is UndeotaBaol cyan
COPYRIGHT WOO CREATORS SYNDIC Alt, INC.
By Charley Reese
If I had to name one thing that is the biggest threat to America continuing as a free society, I'd have to say it's my colleagues and me — the press. We are failing in our duty. William Randolph Hears! stated that duty succinctly some years ago: “According to the
American principle and practice the public is the ruler of the State, and in order to rule rightly it must be informed correctly.”
The operative word is “correctly.” It is impossible for American citizens to form intelligent judgments of their elected officials without a steady flow of correct, unbiased, unsensationalized news of their governments at all levels. Most Americans simply do not get that from either newspapers or television. If you do, then you are one of the lucky few, and you ought to express your appreciation.
Unfortunately, the trend is toward newspapers that devote far more space to entertainment news than to their own state legislatures. Americans are far more informed about the lives of essentially useless people in the entertainment industry than they are about the daily conduct of their elected officials.
Take this little test. Read your newspaper 365 days and, at the end of that time, ask yourself: Do I know what my congressmen did during the past year? Do I know what my U.S. senators did? Do I know what important new laws my state legislature passed? Can I feel confident that I am informed as to the workings of my local government?
Thomas Jefferson keenly appreciated the necessity of a free and responsible press, but even he, in his day, became deeply depressed by its poor performance.
“At present it is disreputable,” Jefferson said, “to state a fact on newspaper authority; and the newspapers of our country by their abandoned spirit of falsehood, have more effectively destroyed the utility of the press than all the shackles devised by Bonaparte.”
On another occasion, he wrote to a friend, “The man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them; inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors. It is a melancholy truth that a suppression of the press could not more completely deprive the nation of its benefits than is done by its abandoned prostitution to falsehood.”
A century later, H.L. Mencken, himself a newspaperman, could still say, “The average newspaper, especially of the better sort, has the intelligence of a hillbilly evangelist, the courage of a rat, the fairness of a prohibitionist boob-jumper, the informationof a high school janitor, the taste of a designer of celluloid valentines, and the honor of a police-station lawyer.”
Some years ago when I was on the other side of the fence and working in state government, 1 quickly realized that the members of the press had absolutely zero interest in the workings of government Their attitude was that unless there is a controversy or scandal, don’t wake me up.
If anything, this attitude has gotten worse. And it has a demoralizing effeefon good public servants and good public officials. Of course, the press’s attitude delights the bad officials. They know that the members of the press are too lazy to dig out any of their shenanigans.
Unfortunately, the news media seem to prefer propaganda campaigns to straight reporting. The political agendas of the national government and the national press are identical. The press has become the junkyard dog of the political establishment You’d think someone who intended to sell his soul would want more than a bone and a pat on the head, but that’s probably a fair price considering the state of the souls in question.
© 2000 by King Features Syndicate

THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH
Middle American News
June 2000
Why Do They Keep Pushing For More
Al Gore Sure is a ‘Dynamic’ Leader

Gun Control?
If the homicide rate is failing, if the fatalities from firearms accidents are the lowest they've been since 1902, why do you suppose some people are so fiendishly insistent on more gun control? You ought to think about that.
It's already against the law for a convicted felon to purchase or possess a firearm. It’s already against the law for a minor to purchase or possess a handgun. There is already a law requiring hack- [ ground checks on gun buyers. Gun dealers are already I heavily regulated. Many states have laws punishing adults for failure to store guns safely. Why, then, do people insist more laws are needed? Why do they clamor for safer guns when firearms accidents accounted for only 1,400 of the 90,000 accidental deaths in the United States?
Well, 1 personally think that their motive has nothing to do with fighting crime or with safety. After all. firearms are dead last as a cause of accidental fatalities among both children and adults. Doctors, we now know, kill three times as many Americans annually from mistakes than firearms kill counting homicides, suicides and accidents.
I think that the answer is both old and simple. Gun-control laws have always been
elitist and racist Elitists have always wanted to disarm the common folks while, of course, retaining the privileges of arms for themselves. And the right to keep and bear arms has always been a populist cause. James Madison boasted to a European critic that the new country of America, unlike the critic’s country, did not fear its own people and allowed them to own arms.
In fact, that Second Amendment right to keep and own arms is one of the things that makes America unique. Many countries protect speech and assembly and so forth. Almost no other protects the right of its people to keep arms.
You might, of course, think that the Second Amendment is obsolete. I would ask you to reconsider that. If you noticed in the last Los Angeles riot, neither the police nor the military was on hand initially to protect people's lives and property. The people had to protect themselves, and they did it with firearms. This is always true in major disasters, at least initially.
Any honest cop will tell you that, if you are attacked by a criminal, on the street or in your home, you are on your own. It’s up
to you to defend yourself ■ ■	and	your	family.	If you
think you are physically fit enough to disarm armed intruders, then more power to you, but every martial artist I have known says that there is no substitute for a handgun when it comes to serious self-defense.
If the only things -	needed	to	prevent	crimes
were laws and policemen, then there wouldn't be any crime statistics. But every murder, every rape victim is testimony to the fact that neither the law nor the police can protect individuals from criminal attackers. On the other hand, very respectable studies have shown that Americans use firearms more than a million times a year to prevent crimes, usually without the weapons having to be fired.
It used to be said in America that God created people, but Samuel Colt (inventor of the revolver) made them equal. Indeed, a firearm is an equalizer. With a gun, an elderly person or woman or a small, sickly man can stand up to a young and large thug. It was the invention of firearms that ultimately ended the practice of professional warriors being the ruling class.
It seems as self-evident to me as it was to the Founding Fathers that a people disarmed by their government cannot claim to be free. The bottom line remains that force rules. Therefore, if you allow the government to have a monopoly on force, then you can never claim to be a free ocrsofi.
Charley Reese
ii
\..a people disarmed by their government cannot claim to be free."
By golly, you’ve got to give credit where credit is due. That Al Gore is one inspirational son of a gun. Why, just recently he announced that there would soon be new federal standards for water heaters.
Now, isn’t that just what you want in a presidential candidate ready to embark at the helm of the world’s biggest democracy? Imagine, sailing into the new millennium with new federal standards for our water heaters.
I’ve been pining away for these new standards. Every now and then, I open the closet door and look at that old water heater, devoid of the new federal standards, and feel sad. Imagine how it will feel to take a shower with water heated by the first water heater to be built according to new federal standards. It will be like winning the lottery or getting one of those visits from the magazine peddlers with their big, cardboard checks. The excitement will be unbearable.
How can some guy like Oswald Spcngler talk about the decline of the West when the West is still producing imaginative and bold leaders like Gore? I mean, is this guy just the man to resurrect the declining fortunes of Western civilization or not? It gives you the shivers to think of what he might propose next. New federal standards for vacuum cleaners? New federal standards for floor polishers? Today the bathroom and the kitchen; tomorrow the world.
This man Gore is leadership personified. He can look through all the garbage and false issues like the decline of the military, deteriorating race relations, record trade deficits, population growth and the return of infectious diseases and see clearly that what America really, really needs are new federal standards for household appliances.
Future Bartlett's will be full of Gore quotes. Schoolchildren will be required to memorize his inspiring speeches. Dull talks like the Gettysburg address will fade into oblivion as new generations of robotic Americans swoon at the feet of their new, robotic president.
Let children starve in Ethiopia, let terrorists rant, let Russia return to dictatorship, let China build an intercontinental missile system — Americans will bravely go forth with their new hot-water heaters built to new federal standards. The world will marvel as 270 million Americans lather up and contemplate the energy savings of their new hot-water heaters built to new federal standards.
In the meantime, the new first lady will be putting labels on everything so that Americans will not buy a vulgar rap CD under the mistaken notion that it is a vulgar punk rock CD.
You might think that I’m pulling your leg, but most of my colleagues think Gore's idea for new federal standards for hot-water heaters is a sound and winning idea. If you laugh, then you just don't understand the intellectual depth of today’s news media and political elites.
You don't understand the new brand of politics pioneered by the Clinton-Core administration. Daily announcements of little bitty improvements. It is a strategy that dazzles the couch potatoes. They soon are overwhelmed with the generosity and compassion of their leaders, who obviously want them to have a better life at their own expense.
Frankly, I was overwhelmed when Gore told us that he had invented the Internet and had been the model for a famous fictional character in a romance story.
But as the days go by and he continues to make astounding announcements, the full force of his character and intelligence just hits you like an elephant suddenly sitting in your lap. What a presence. What a future. Onward ever, backward never. Al Gore for Messiah. America reborn. Nirvana and a new millennium, too.
O2000 by King Features Syndicate
ou°°S»wuhm»i tmn
Page I
VIEWPOINT
June 2000
Middu Ammcan News
Anything for Money
His Miami relatives may not be able to tee Khan Gonzalez while he is under federal lockup, but he has been made available as a reward for fatcat Omni donors On May 6. the boy and Ms fattier were secretly transported by bnr federal guards to die home of Mr. and Mrs. Smith Bagiev, vastly wealthy donors to left-wing causes in general and M Clinton in particular. They reportedly dined elegantly and loured fee Baglew palatial home, where no fewer than four Clinton fundraisers have been held. Greg Craig, longtime Clanton mrnnaie and attorney for Elan's father, arranged exploitation.
Reno's Gestapo Strikes
Everyone agrees Elian Gonzalez belongs with his father, but every American is appirifejl at jack-booted thugs breaking into a private home in the middle of the night when no lives are at risk and no crime is being committed. Janet “Butcher of Waco" Reno argued that the infamous photo of Elian and the gunman does not ■dim a threat, since the gun is not pointed directly at the child and the storm trooper's finger is not on the trigger. But if they intended no threat they didn’t need automatic weapons; and they could have arrived in the light of day.
Texas. In truth, both Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon made the trip, and Clinton went only to meet with donors at a fundraiser arranged by Rep. Ruben Hinojosa
(D)*
The Hillary Watch
•	Of the $1.39 million in “soft” money raised by Mrs. Clinton’s New York Senate campaign, only $81,000 came from within the state she now claims as home. The campaign says it will refund $22,000 given by a woman linked to a Cuban drug smuggling ring.
*	Hillary endorsed a new federal pricing scheme which could raise
the price of milk by as much as 43 cents a gallon. Mrs. Clinton’s action doesn’t feed a single hungry child, as her husband is fond of saying about efforts to bring him to justice, but it does bring her campaign big contributions from the dairy industry.
* Hillary speak: “I’ve gone from a Barry Goldwater Republican to a New Democrat, but I think my underlying values have remained pretty constant.” No doubt. She once interned in the law offices of Robert Treuhaft who was the lawyer for the Communist Party USA.
Hoi
Ihx i	s
By Elizabeth Howard Washington Correspondent
ntting Tribute
When fee Washington Post asked readers to recommend federal buildings that should be named after Bill Clinton, the most common suggestion was the Blue Pbaa Sewage Treatment Plant in D.C.
I Plfe Speaking
When Sen. Bob Kerrey (D-NE) was considering retirement (which he has since *amaaced). Minority Leader Tom Daschle (D-SD) pleaded with him to run again, ■B feat his departure would doom Democratic efforts to take back the Senate. According to a Daschle aide. Kerrey responded that “the party had only itself to blame for siding with men of weak character like Clinton and Gore.”
imetmldatimg the Judiciary
Senate Clintonistas are said to be threatening U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lanfeerfe, who’s been making tough rulings against the Administration in several ongoing lawsuits. If he continues to uphold the law instead of Clinton, they are reponed to be saying, any nomination of Lamberth to a higher position will result in Ms being “Baked” and denied that post
Cmnpnfeive Linr
HR Clinton continues io lie even when it’s not necessary. He recently boasted that be is "the first president since Eisenhower” to visit the Rio Grande Valley in
Al Gore Update
*	The VP’s campaign has proudly announced formation of a new organization :— Gay and Lesbian Americans for Gore.
*	The Gore campaign is using taxpayer-salaried White House lackeys to help elect the VP. Following an Atlanta speech on crime. Gore campaign flacks referred reporters to Bruce Reed for more information, and handed out Reed's White House phone number. National Economic Counsel head Gene Sperling and his underlings provided an analysis of George W. Bush’s tax-cut plan, assisting in developing a Gore campaign attack on the proposal. Reporters have been provided press releases which bear the fax imprint of Gore’s vice presidential office. The press is fully aware of the abuse of office, but won’t tell the public about it.
*	Perhaps the most bizarre endorsement of Gore came from Dee Snider of the defunct rock group Twisted Sister, whose (male) members dressed in women’s clothing as part of their act Although he backs Gore, Snider admits, “I don’i-irasr the guy as far as I can throw him.”

Such Good Friends
Rock musician Jim “Dandy” Mangrum (of Black Oak, Arkansas) is a “good friend” of Bill Clinton. “We used to smoke together,” says Mangrum — and he’s not talking about Demon Tobacco. Clinton “promised me he was going to legalize pot and socialize medicine,” Mangrum recalls. “And he says he didn’t inhale? Well, I ain’t saying he's a liar. I didn’t inhale, either”

VP/ rrs CfiLlEP A SENATE »Blpr
Middle American News
June 2000
Rebel Flag Not a Racist Symbol
Sen. John McCain had a conveniently timed attack of conscience well after the Southern primaries and added his voice to the chorus calling for the removal of the Confederate flag from the dome of South Carolina's capitol in Columbia.
The flag has sparked demonstrations and counter-demonstrations, a 120-mile march, and an NAACP economic boycott of the state. The banner is berated as a symbol of slavery and segregation, and compared to the swastika.
Vice President Al Gore is scornful of his rival George Bush for not condemning the flag. Prior to the New York primary. Gore participated in a Harlem debate sponsored b> that paragon of brotherhood, Al Sharpton.
The NAACP has rejected a compromise, passed by the South Carolina senate, which would remove the flag from the dome and locate it near a Confederate memorial on the capitol grounds.
I must confess that Abraham Lincoln is one of my heroes. After genocide, slavery is the worst evil to befall a people. Preserving the Union was a cause worthy of any sacrifice. Still. 1 believe the men who fought for Dixie were honorable and, in the case of Robert E. Lee, even noble.
Southerners have every right to be proud of their heritage. Most who rallied to the Lost Cause believed they were resisting a Northern invasion of their homeland rather than fighting for the “right" to own slaves (only 10 percent of Southern whites did).
If the South was fighting for slavery, why did five slave states side with the North? And why did Lee free his slaves a decade before the Civil War, while Ulysses Grant remained a “marse" until his slaves were liberated by the 13th Amend- ■ matt?
If things associated with the Confederacy are symbols of defiance to civil rights, then why are federal military installations — Ft. Bragg and Ft.
Hood — named for Confederate generals?
A friend in Columbia offers an explanation for the flag's support: “I believe the real reason why so many people resist moving the flag is because they're simply tired of being kicked around by the media and minority activists out for East Coast liberal bucks. The flag is the last banner of political incorrectness.**
Surely not the last. For almost 30 years. Old Glory flew on the masts of slave ships. In 1857, it waved over the United States Supreme Court, when the Court ruled that a slave was property and not a person.
It's only a matter of time before the perpetual grudge-bearers graduate from bashing the Confederate flag to savaging the Stars and Stripes, tn the meantime, they ignore a legitimate target right under their noses, r
Just yards from where the rebel flag flies stands a larger-than-life statue of Benjamin Ryan Tillman. An inscription on the base reads: “This monument erected by the legislature, the Democratic Party and Private Citizens of South Carolina. Dedicated, May 11940.**
A governor and U.S. senator. Pitchfork Ben Tillman was an early 20th-century populist and a race-baiter who made David Duke look like the Easter Bunny.
On March 23, 1900, Tillman addressed the Senate in defense of mob violence.
Tfc of the South have never recognized the right of the negro to govern white men and never will," Tillman boasted. “We have never believed him to be the equal to the white man, and we will not submit to his gratifying his lust on our wives and daughters
without lynching him.**
^^^^^^^^^^^	So, why no outcry over the
Tillman statue, which should be consigned to the scrap-metal heap of histoiy? Perhaps the NAACP is unaware of Tillman's refined sentiments on race relations, or maybe it's willing to make allowances for a politician whose rancor extended to corporations, banks and the rich.
Lincoln, who sent 620,000 Americans to their deaths to defeat secession, nevertheless respected the men his armies
----	—-————j	eventually overcame. When the
news of Appomattox reached Washington, a crowd gathered outside the White House in celebration. The Great Emancipator paid homage to his vanquished foes by asking the band to play “Dixie."
If Lincoln were alive today, he would say let the South honor its heroes. Race relations aren’t advanced by denigrating a symbol good Americans died for, even in a misguided crusade.
To find out more about Don Peder, and read features by other Creaton Syndicate wrileri and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page al www.crealors.com
Copy MIGHT 2UOO BOSTON HERALD
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC
Clinton Says U.S. Must Arm China
Don Feder
IPs only a matter of time before the perpetual grudge-bearers graduate from bashing the Confederate flag to savaging the Stars and Stripes.
The Clinton administration, which has perfected the art of Orwellian newspeak — a la Elian, home invasion is “the rule of law" — can never exceed the recent performance on granting China what’s now called permanent normal trade relations (PNTR).
The president and his national security stooge declared that building the arsenal of our most likely adversary in the coming century is vital to our national security.
When I first saw the quote, I assumed it was from the president's comedy video. But, no. Bill Clinton was serious when he said that “from a national security point of view, it would be a very unwise and precarious move" not to end the annual review of China’s trade status.
National Security Advisor Sandy Berger said rejecting PNTR would start a “downward spiral" in our relations with Beijing, which could lead to another Cold War.
But, in the real world, what kind of signal docs bestowing permanent trade status send to the thugs who rule China? It tells them that, in terms of their relations with the United States, there is no cause and effect — that whatever they do, we will still give them whatever they want.
They can threaten Taiwan with war if it doesn't begin a negotiated surrender (the merger of the island democracy with a totalitarian state), and there will be no reprisals.
They can steal our most sensitive military secrets and corrupt our political process with illegal campaign cash, and not be penalized. They can act as the chief exporter of weapons of mass destruction to outlaw regimes, and we will continue to call them our strategic partner.
They can persecute Christians, pursue a program of forced abortions, maintain a slave-labor system based on the Laogai camps and ethnically cleanse Tibet, and suffer no adverse consequences.
Prior to Munich, the German general staff was prepared to overthrow Hitler if the West had resisted. All it would have taken to avoid World War 11 was an unequivocal sign from the democ-racies.
Must the mistakes of history be endlessly repeated?
Granting PNTR to China will strengthen the hand of hard-liners. by telling the regime that America will never do anything meaningful to counter its aggression.
Sorry Sandy, but there already is a new Cold War. Unfortunately, only one side realizes it's in the trenches.
The People’s Liberation Army sees America as “the main enemy." Its book “Unrestricted War” calls for “confronting" the United States through “terrorism, drug trafficking, computer hacking and financial warfare.”
Already possessing the world's largest army, Beijing is rapidly modernizing its forces by acquiring advanced weapons, like the Sovremenny-class destroyer purchased from Russia. In 1999, China had the 12th consecutive year of double-digit growth in defense spending.
In the next six years, China will deploy up to 650 short-range missiles. Former Navy Secretary James Webb notes that it’s constructing a military base in the Paracel Islands, 260 miles off the coast of Vietnam, that includes a 7,000 foot runway. In the Spratly Islands, disputed territory off the Philippine coast, Beijing has installed a heliport, radar and gun emplacements.
Besides allowing it to merge the world’s 14th largest economy with its own, taking Taiwan would give the People’s Republic control of the South China Sea, and the air and naval bases to project its power throughout the region.
Wei Jingsheng, who spent two decades in a forced labor camp, warns PNTR “will give legitimacy and increase the credibility of China’s state-owned enterprises, which will enable China to make public offerings of stocks and bonds throughout America's financial markets, thus creating the most direct flow of capital to China.*'
Then — along with China's $60-billion annual surplus from its U.S. trade — American pension funds will provide the capital to build the weapons that will one day be trained on us.
Based on Clinton's logic, we should also give Chinese President Jiang Zemin a permanent pass to the Los Alamos nuclear labs and send our annual defense appropriation directly to the People's Liberation Army — to further enhance national security, you understand.
lb find out more about Don Feder, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwcreqtors.com.
COPYRIGHT200<) BOSTON HERALD DISTRIBU1ED BY CREATORS SYNDICATE. INC
Page 19
Jung 2000
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
For Sale: U.S. Schoolchildren
Corporate advertisers know that their television audience is dwindling rapidly. It u*cd to he so easy to market their products to tens of millions in neat 30-second segments efficiently placed on the three major TV networks.
The networks have been losing audience to dozens of cable stations, and looming on the horizon is technology that will soon enable the average viewer to call up the programs he wants at any convenient time and deep-six the commercials in the process. So what’s the beleaguered corporate advertiser to do?
Public schools have emerged as the advertisers’ dream come true. The advertisers have figured out how to turn schoolchildren into a captive audience forced to watch commercials and forbidden to turn them off.
People at home can use the time during commercials to visit their refrigerator or the bathroom or surf other channels. Schoolchildren, who are subject to compulsory attendance laws, do not enjoy such freedom of choice or movement.
The trailblazer in using schoolchildren as a captive market is a corporation called Channel One, which 10 years ago started making unpublicized contracts with local school boards to require students to watch two minutes a day of hard-sell TV commercials along with 10 minutes of what it described as news.
In return for turning over the 12 minutes a day of classroom time,
Channel One loans the school the equipment to receive the programs.
Channel One's ads and news have both been heavily criticized by parents for years. Its commercials include inappropriate sexual imagery and feature ads for violent movies. Much of its “news,” such as the segments featuring Hollywood celebrities, has little or no educational value.
Now watched every school day by 8 million children in
12.000	schools, Channel One has proved such a profitable venture that it has attracted competitors. ZapMe! is another corporation seeking the same target with different technology.
ZapMe! offers to loan 15 computers and accessories free of charge to any school, along with software called Netspace that allows students to visit up to
10.000	ZapMe!-approved Internet Web sites. The software enables students to have personal e-mail addresses at school and possibly even at home so they can send and | receive e-mail messages.
In return for this equipment, the schools must promise to have a student sitting at every computer for at least four hours of every school day to provide an audience forZspMei's advertisements.
The ads occupy one-third of the computer screen for those four hours, running constantly and changing frequently to attract the student's attention. With a click of the mouse, the ads enlarge to fill the screen.
ZapMe!’s software includes more than 100 computer games that kids can play during school time. Some Web sites accessible to ZapMe!'s Netspace contain advertisements for violent video games or lists of soft-core pornographic movies.
But, that's not all.
ZapMe! secretly monitors students and their Web-browsing habits, sorted by age. sex and ZIP code, so that marketers can target their products more accurately.
ZapMe! makes itself very attractive to corporate advertisers. ZapMel's own literature offers them “an audience of students aged 13-19, who may not otherwise have access to the Internet,” plus the promise that the ads on the screen are “a rich media interactive experience, including audio and full-motion video; able to interact with users (and) recruit online.”
ZapMe! apparently has no guidelines for advertisers, and some ads promote (he sale of profanity-filled movies. Schools that accept this deal must also commit to give students ZapMe!’s commercial information to take home three times a year.
The Senate and House may consider different bills to address the problem of commercialism in the classroom and prying into pupils’ privacy.
California Democratic Rep. George Miller's Student Privacy Protection Act,
H R. 2915, would require schools to obtain the “written, informed consent of the parent of the student” before allowing a “third party to monitor, receive, gather or obtain information intended for commercial purposes from any student under 18 years of age.**
Sen. Richard Shelby, R. Ala., is ready with an amendment stating that it is the sense of the Senate that state and local schools “should remove commercial distractions from our nation's public schools and should protect the privacy of school-aged children.”
Shelby's amendment also states that “federal funds should not be used in any way to support the commercialization of our nation’s classrooms or the exploitation of student privacy, nor to purchase advertisements from entities that market to schoolchildren or violate student privacy during the schoolday.”
This last provision explains why commercialization of the classroom is a federal matter. Several federal agencies have been using taxpayers' money to buy ads on Channel One.
Phyllis Si hlufh it a lawyer and conservative political analyst. Visit Copley News Service at www.copleynnws.cont
(cl Copley News Service
Education Reform?
Congress is about to pass legislation that will federalize every local school district and spell the end of local and state control of America’s public school classrooms.
Mindful of Ronald Reagan’s words, “You can’t control the economy without controlling the people,” Bill and Hillary Clinton have found the way to control the economy by controlling America’s schoolchildren.
The plan started with the passage of Bill Clinton’s two 1994 laws, the Goals 2000 Act and the School-to-Work Act, and we were moved further in the same direction with his Workforce Investment Act of 1998.
Now, with the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, H.R. 2/S. 2, the Clintons are about to complete the nationalization of the public school classroom.
This massive education bill is the eighth successive five-year plan to increase academic achievement by providing “compensatory education” grants to schools with high concentrations of low-income children. It is more ambitious and comprehensive than the Clintons’ discredited 1994 health-care plan. A holdover from Lyndon Johnson’s Great Society legislation, the ESEA has already spent more than $116 billion. According to the federal government’s five-year, $29 million longitudinal study concluded in 1997, the ESEA failed to achieve its objectives.
Unable to make the argument that ESEA, with its current price tag in excess of $10 billion per year, will raise academic achievement of poor children, the Clintons designed this “stealth” legislation with very different objectives. Pretending to “educate to high standards,” ESEA mandates that all 50 states agree to implement a one-size-fits-all education plan.
How? The bill calls for mandated “statewide minimum competencies for all children.” That’s code language for the disastrous and discredited Outcome Based Education.
OBE (also called performance-based education) is measured by “criterion referenced tests” that assess students against a low threshold of achievement (formerly associated with the letter grade D), rather than by “norm referenced tests,” which measure how well students master a body of knowledge in comparison with other students (such as the ACT, SAT, GRE, Iowa Basic and Stanford Achievement tests).
ESEA’s purpose is to tie schools to the floor of minimum achievement rather than to the ceiling of educational excellence and possibilities. The oft-repeated phrase “all children will learn” really means that all children will be taught only the low level of learning that is actually reached by all children.
The term “minimum competencies” doesn’t sell well to parents and the taxpaying public, so a linguistic bait-and-switch occurs throughout the bill.
“Standards” means minimum levels, “accountability” means accountability to the U.S. Departments of Education and Labor, “integrated curriculum” means integrating job training into the school day, and “local control” means control only over implementing the nonacademic job-training system but not over standards, content or testing.
Not only does ESEA force OBE and criterion-referenced testing on every local school district in the nation, ESEA cements into place the goals of nationalized curriculum, nationalized testing and national teacher certification, which were envisioned in the 1994 Goals 2000 Act.
ESEA also continues the radical changes required by the 1994 School-to-Work Act to guide schools away from a knowledge-based system and toward training for jobs selected by local work-force boards.
School-to-Work is the Clintons’ vision for controlling the economy. Students will be pigeonholed into jobs to serve the best interests of the local economy as decided by the bureaucrats, not into careers chosen by the students.
“But,” Congress proclaims, “the Goals 2000 and School-to-Work laws are sunsetting!” Nothing could be farther from the truth.
While those laws are about to expire, all 50 states adopted them, and ESEA requires that states certify they have adopted “challenging content standards and challenging student performance standards ... with aligned assessments.” That is bureaucratic jargon for continuing the 1994 Goals 2000/School-to-Work mandates.
ESEA has already moved far in the legislative process because Congress was hoodwinked by the bill’s doublespeak language and only now is beginning to understand that the Goals 2000 and School-to-Work laws have morphed into ESEA. If ESEA passes in its current form, every public school district will be forced to continue implementation of the revolutionary restructuring required by the 1994 laws.
ESEA will fulfill the Clintons' dream of national economic planning fed by a federalized work force training system domiciled in the public schools. ESEA is the capstone of their plan to restructure our American system away from free enterprise, academic achievement in schools and the freedom of individuals to select their future occupations.
Phyllis Schipfly Is a lawyer and conservative political analyst.
Visit Copley News Service at www.copleynews.com.
(cl Copley News Service
Phyllis Schlafly
Middle American News
June 2000
Anti-White Genocide in the Classroom
Tax Slaves Live and Work for the Government
Language was a prime factor in the murder of 6 million Jews by the National Socialists in Germany and 60 million to 80 million “class enemies” by communists in Russia and China. Today similar language is being used in American colleges and universities to annihilate the history, culture and self-esteem of white people.
Halls of learning have become re-education camps, where legions of “diversity educators” and “sensitivity trainers” strive to “get inside” the minds of white students and replace private conscience, identity and belief with group guilt.
Propaganda and emotional manipulation are used to teach whites to think the best about “people of color” and the worst about themselves. Whites are cold, logical and distant (“ice people”). Blacks are warm, intuitive, empathetic and spontaneous. Whites are relentlessly acquisitive. Blacks are in harmony with nature.
Whites as a group use the “power structure” that they control to victimize blacks as a group.
The most prominent of the re-educators is Jane Elliott. She teaches that “white people invented racism” and are a parasitic race who even stole the English language from people of color. She uses a film, “Blue Eyed,” to teach white students self-contempt and Moodgtiilt for their racist evil.
Elliott thinks of herself as a kind, loving woman who is a tireless foe of racism. Corporations, government agencies and universities pay Elliott $6,000 a day to teach white people to hate themselves. The media lionize her. Disney plans to make a movie of her life.
mule teaching whites to hate themselves, “diversity educators” are simultaneously teaching “people of color” to hate whites for their racist oppression. The “privilege” of white skin can only be remedied by legal privileges for blacks — thus, the necessity of racial quotas and affirmative action.
In the re-education camps that masquerade as universities, it is an axiom that reverse discrimination is a myth. The discrimination that white students experience in university admissions and sensitivity training is not considered to be discrimination, but necessary re-education to rescue whites from impermissible ways of being.
“Diversity educators” also deny that our culture is being Balkanized. What is rcattyhappening is that “evil racist white culture” is being stamped out, and whites are finding a new existence as allies of the oppressed. Once whiteness is extirpated. we will all be warm and intuitive, and love one another.
If you want to read more, consult Professor Alan Charles Kors* “Thought Reform 101” at www.reason.com or www.thefue.org.
Kors. a brave man, reports that white students are experiencing the fate of Wiimoa Smith, the fictional character in George Orwell’s 1984, whose “false consciousness” must be purged to make him fit with the new society.
Kors says that the urge to “remold” whites has led re-educationists to pursue white students into “the ultimate refuges of self-consciousness, conscience and private beliefs” in an attempt to break down individual identity.
Kors does not say so, but this is genocide.
Moreover, it can lead to physical genocide. German intellectuals pursued the Jews with words for 60 years before the rise of Hitler. Lenin and his followers murdered “class enemies” first with words, and then with re-education camps.
It is extraordinary that white taxpayers and donors are pouring billions of dollars ifMo re-education camps dedicated to the destruction of “white consciousness.”
As happened under the Nazis and Communists, once a race or class is assigned collective guilt, all protections fall away. White students are everywhere experiencing the demise of due process and their First Amendment rights.
Christopher Monson is a student at St. Cloud State University in Minnesota, where he is an activist on behalf of increasing minority presence on campus.
Recently, he argued that a public university had obligations to public access and that it would be illegal to prevent credit-card companies from soliciting on campus, just as “not allowing blacks on campus” would be illegal.
His harmless analogy was deemed “a racial insult.” Monson was sentenced to sensitivity training by university president Suzanne Williams without a hearing or due process.
This lawlessness at St, Cloud State is reminiscent of Nazi and Communist lawlessness. Once Jews were stigmatized, their rights as German citizens evaporated. The same happened to “class enemies ”
The stigmatization of whites has reached the point where Williams did not blink an eye at exercising unconstitutional power over the free speech of Monson.
Students know the situation is out of hand. A recent Zogby poll found that 93.7 percent believe high academic standards and diversity of ideas are more important than ethnic diversity; 92.7 percent oppose racial quotas; 37.9 percent say there is too much politics in the classroom; and 33.4 percent say “political correctness” restricts what they can learn and say.
Parents, donors and trustees need to find some courage before the Nazification
of the universities is a fait accompli.
Jo find out mors about Paul Craig Roberts, and read feature* by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.crcaiars.cofn
CPPVRiQHT soap rmuatmn ivwniCATE. INC
Alan Keyes, a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, says that the income tax is a slave tax and that Americans are slaves. He is correct.
A slave is a person who does not own his own labor. After tax, successful Americans retain no more of the income they produce than 19th century slaves — and considerably less than medieval serfs.
The maximum that could be extracted from a medieval serf was one-third — an amount extracted today by the combination of the payroll tax and the bottom rung of the federal income tax. Add in state sales and income taxes, and it is apparent that Americans are not a proud, free people.
Our Founding Fathers knew that an income tax was a slave tax. and they forbade it. It required a constitutional amendment — the 16th — to make us slaves.
Republicans permitted the constitutional amendment to go forward because they believed most of the states would vote it down. The states did not vote it down, as few of the states had people with incomes high enough to be subject to the tax.
The tax seemed tailored to hit a few wealthy northeastern states — the very states that people blamed for high tariffs.
This bit of “getting even” backfired, as it wasn't long before the income
thresholds were lowered and the tax rates raised. The income tax net was refashioned to catch us all.
An income tax is different from other taxes. An income tax gives government a claim to your labor, just as a slave owner had a claim to the slave’s labor.
A slave who withheld his labor was likely to be punished. He would be put on short rations or whipped. If one of us today withholds from the IRS, the punishment is more severe — several years in prison.
The slave tax is very expensive in other ways. It takes 6.1 billion hours — more than 3 million man-years — to comply with the slave tax. In dollar terms, it costs us slaves an additional $200 billion to comply with a 2,840-page tax code — more than twice the number of pages as the Bible and more than three times the words.
The federal tax roles interpreting the code come to 46,000 pages.
The complexity is so great that it is easy to make a mistake and be subjected to “enforcement action.” There are 481 separate IRS tax forms for 1999, an increase of 20 percent from 1990. Last year, the IRS received 110 million telephone calls asking for help in understanding the roles. The IRS did not know the answer 27 percent of the time.
Consequently, more than half of us tax slaves hire experts to prepare our slave-tax returns.
The Joint Economic Committee of Congress, chaired by Sen. Connie Mack, R-Fla., has prepared a ‘Tax Complexity Factbook.” It is available online at www.jec.senate.gov.
You might say that we Americans are nothing like slaves and that nothing happens to us as long as we do our duty and pay our taxes.
The same thing can be said about 19th century slaves. As long as they worked at a reasonable pace, they had room and board and clothes on their backs.
Judging from the number of IRS enforcement actions, a larger proportion of tax slaves get in trouble today than in the 19th century.
At least a 19th century slave could run away, but where can we go?
Paul Craig Roberts
June 2000
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Gun Day at the National Zoo
Monday after Easter was African-American Day at the National Zoo in Washington, D.C. It was a day marked by mob fistfights and a shooting. Six were injured by the gunfire, one critically. A 16-year-old suspect believed to have fired the shots has been arrested.
Guns, of course, were blamed for the violence that marred African-American Day. The Second Amendment’s enemies are using the shootings to call for more gun control.
In D.C.. guns are already controlled. It is illegal to have an unlicensed pistol. It is illegal for teen-agers to have guns. It is illegal to cany a concealed weapon. It is illegal to discharge a weapon in public. It is illegal to shoot someone. There are probably zillions of laws already on the books against what happened on African-American Day.
The laws didn’t do any good. The problem is human behavior, not the absence of gun-control laws. This is so obvious that it makgs a person wonder what is the gun-controllers* real agenda.
Holland is known for its strict gun-control laws. But these laws did not stop a Dutch student from opening fire last December with a banned pistol inside a high school and wounding five persons.
In England the only guns allowed are single and double-baneled shotguns and birdshot Despite the prohibition against other weapons, police discovered that submachine guns were being sold on London street comers. The street vendors were being supplied from a warehouse full of smuggled weapons.	'T
Guns are banned, but violence in Britain has increased. As the Sunday Times put it recently, “Britons use knives.” A London headmaster was stabbed to death when he tried to stop a fight outside his school. A recent study of 1,000 children in Scottish schools found that one boy in three and one girl in 12 carried weapons — knives, machetes, razors, baseball bats and hammers.
British teen-agers knife one another in discos. New laws have been passed giving police the power to search anyone for knives in designated areas.
When hardware stores are added to the gun ban, people will kill each other with pointed sticks and slings, like David used against Goliath.
Or they will rob armories and police stations. For example, state police offices in Virginia and North Carolina are currently experiencing a spate of robberies. The thieves carry off guns and confiscated drugs.
The National Rifle Association is exactly correct: “When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.** This seems to be what the liberals want It is part of their income-redistribution policy. Once law-abiding people are disarmed, burglaries will explode.
It has happened in England. On April 22, the London Telegraph published a letter from Scou Quinney, who complains that Britain’s “disarmed subjects cower in their homes,** while thugs prey upon them with impunity.
Judging from a recent case, Quinney would seem to have a point. On April 19, Tony Martin, a Norfolk, England, farmer was sentenced to life in prison for killing a burglar and wounding another who broke into his home.
Martin was found guilty of using “unreasonable force” to protect Us home.
He had been burgled many times and had suffered many losses from his farm and his antiques-filled home. The police were able to turn this against him. They argued that Martin had laid in wait for the thieves and shot in retribution. Moreover, he had an illegal shotgun, a pump-action capable of more than two shots.
Quinney says, “Britain is reverting to savagery.” The population is disarmed, but police “themselves have resorted increasingly to firearms and armor. They have retreated to their command centers, leaving the population defenseless ”
This will he our own fate once Sen. Charles Schumcr, D-N. Y.f Sarah Brady and Bill Clinton take away our guns.
lap* out more about Pool Craig Roberts, W nod feature* by other Creators hynduute writers tout cartoonists, suit the Creators Syndicate web page at ljuwHgwgggors* pee
COrmUHT 2000 MCA TOMS SYNDIC A TL INC.
Paul Craig Roberts
Exterminating Europeans Through Welfare
The “compassionate** welfare state is proving to be an effective method of exterminating
European peoples and their cultures.
The native-born populations of European countries are declining as birth rates fall below replacement rates. The drop in Italy’s birth rate, for example, is projected to reduce the number of Italians from 57 million to 41 million by 2050, a decline of one-third.
One important reason for the declining fertility is the heavy taxation required to support expensive social welfare systems. With high income-tax rates hitting relatively low levels of income, with payroll taxes twice or more the U.S. rate and with value-added taxes adding another 17 percent, children have been priced out of European family budgets.
Living space is expensive in Europe, as are food and transportation. Europeans live a cramped existence compared to their American counterparts. There is no room for children, and there is no room in meager after-tax incomes for more floor space.
Europe’s “compassionate” politicians destroyed European procreation by substituting publicly financed entitlements for family responsibilities. These “social responsibilities” exhaust European incomes, leaving them no money to pay for children of their own.
The decline in fertility is making the social welfare system unbearable. The only way to keep it going is to import Turks, Africans, Indians, Afghans and whomever else. According to a recent U.N. population report, Italy requires 2.2 million immigrants annually to generate the tax base necessary to support its social welfare entitlements.
Third World immigrants with higher fertility rates are projected to crowd out the European populations, raising the question: Will Europe’s future be European? Will Muslims and Africans become Europeanized, or will European civilization fade away with the population?
This has become a political question that scares the politicians who have chosen welfare over cultural integrity.
The European political establishment has dealt with the problem by attempting to brand anyone who raises the immigration question a Nazi. England’s Enoch Powell, Denmark’s Pia Kjaersgaard, Austria’s Jorge Haider, France’s Jean Marie Le Pen have each suffered this fate.
National feelings are still alive in Europe, as any soccer game will confirm. The comfort of a homogenous culture and the pride of ancient peoples have not yet been flushed out of Europeans.
But it remains to be seen if Europeans have enough pride left to throw off the yoke of welfare that has made them dependent on immigrants.
Europeans face three choices: They can reduce their material standard of living in order to have more children; they can unite behind leaders who will overthrow the social welfare system in order to lower taxes; or they can let the clock run out and leave the fate of their progeny in the hands of a new immigrant majority.
To overthrow the entitlement yoke would permit Europeans to escape a self-inflicted genocide. But it would require a change in philosophy and values.
Socialist values would have to give way. Faith in family would have to be restored. People would again have to view life as something that is lived principally through family rather than through society. Family demands on their resources would have to come before the government’s demands for societal purposes.
To overthrow 100 years of socialist indoctrination would require a cultural revolution. Instead of writing about the emptiness of family life, novelists would have to write about its richness. Paternity and motherhood would have to take back the meaning stripped from them by a depraved cultural elite.
It would be difficult today for a writer or artist to secure a publisher or a government grant for a work that celebrated the responsible individual (as opposed to the narcissistic self), living a life in the continuity of a family, facing the griefs and joys, tragedies and triumphs that are the stuff of family life.
So much is in the way: sexual promiscuity, the feminist pursuit of a masculine role for women, the security of an old age provided by taxpayers, and an “other-directedness” that diverts attention away from family toward the unfortunate.
In small towns in ihc South of the United States, high school students are bagging groceries for donations to finance their travel to distant towns where, they explain, they are going “to build houses for the poor.”
Shouldn’t these kids be painting their grandmother's house or helping an aunt with a garden? But this is not seen as rewarding. Our “other-directed" culture teaches them that their duties are to unknown persons in fur away locations.
This is not a culture built to last.
To find oat mare about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and tii/IHteA the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT2000CREATORS SYNDICATE INC
Middle American News
June 2000


New Holiday is Attack on Euro-American Culture
Compromise on Flag Not Enough for NAACP
Ifs going to be a close fight to keep the Confederate flag flying above South Carolina's capitol. with the NAACP economic boycott of the state. Big Business pressure to abandon the flag as a symbol of the state's heritage and the naked political hunger of many Republicans. But even if the flag in Columbia vanishes, never fear. Across the country in California another public icon is about to be bom.
There, the emerging Hispanic majority is crusading for an official state holiday to honor Hispanic union organizer Cesar Chavez. From all I accounts, it looks like it will be successful, since organized labor, the political left in general and the vast Hispanic racial lobby are all in favor of it. Republicans, as usual, can't be counted on to oppose the measure, since they're terrified of losing the Hispanic vote.
Chavez, bom in 1927, was the founder of the United Farm Workers and, in the late 1960s, was a regular feature at New Left demonstrations. While he was never quite as popular as Black Panthers or outright communists on the radical chic martini circuit, he and his well-equipped spin-artist pals did make "boycotting grapes’* almost as trendy as supporting the Viet Cong or raising defense funds for cop killers and terrorists.
The New Left and its airhead adherents soon moved on to other campaigns, but the Hispanic workers whom Chavez tried to organize have never forgotten little Cesar. Today, however, the demand for | state holiday in his honor has less to do with his
contributions to union organizing than it does to his symbolism of racial unity against the gringos.
The racial meaning of the holiday movement is clear enough because it’s not mainly farm workers who are leading the charge for it, but Hispanics in general. Opposition to the holiday is seen not as opposition to labor unions, but as hostility to Hispanics, and support for it among Hispanics is supposed la be a test of just how Hispanic you are. As The Washington Post noted in a secern story about the movement, "... as California's Hispanic population teefis growing — and keeps getting more energized politically — so too does H clamor to do even more in Chavez’s memory.”
Arizona and Texas already have Chavez holidays, but the one proposed for California lurches just a bit further to the left than they do. One California proposal would not only make Chavez’s birthday a paid annual holiday for BE workers but would also require public schools to spend part of the day teaching kids about Chavez’s legacy and the rest of it leading them in community service in his name. Like much that comes out of the multiculturalist «mp, the reminders of Red China under Mao Tse Tung are obvious.
The proposal passed the state Senate earlier this year. The Republicans abstained. In Arizona, some Republican lawmakers actually voted for it, because, as the Post explains, they were "worried that a vote against the bill could galvanize Hispanic voters against their party in the November elections.” fit never occurs to Republicans to galvanize their own voters.) The only major disagreement over the holiday is about how much it might cost taxpayers.
Wh« is going on with the Chavez holiday in California — and you can bet your grape juice there will soon be similar movements in other states •'here ~La Raza” is pushing toward a majority — is the continuing saga of the displacement of European-American civilization and its heroes, holidays and symbols by another civilization (if that indeed is quite the right word for it).
The same displacement is going on with the attacks on the Confederate flag, though many involved in that fight don’t see it that way. They still think the fight over the flag is really about either "racism" or the “Southern heritage.** But it’s much larger than that
You cannot expect to switch populations and demographic majorities through massive immigration and differential birth rates as the United States has been doing now for some 30 years and not expect also to switch civilizations and the symbols that represent them. You cannot expect millions of diem from one civilization to enter the country, abandon all the loyalties and values of their old civilization and sign up with all those of the new one they have entered.
The adoption of the Chavez holiday and the abandonment of the Confederate flag in a region where it once was the major public icon arc merely the starters in the conflict of races and civilizations in which we are now engaged. Once the new non-European majority — brown or black, red or yellow —-really cranks up, flexes its political muscle and forms its own identity, there will be no symbol, institution or value associated with the ones Europeans planted here that will remain safe.
To find ota mare about tkmwfl Promts and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and vuinh* Creators Syndicate web page at wwwxrrotors.am
COPYRIGHT TOGO CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Despite Virginia Gov. James Gilmore’s bleating about the joys of "diversity,” the race warriors of the NAACP in the Old Dominion are doing all they can to bring to Virginia the same racial bitterness they’ve already injected into South Carolina. Virginia has been more accommodating to black "sensitivities" about its Confederate heritage than any other Southern state, but no matter how fast it retreats or how loudly it apologizes, it’s never enough.
This year the state repealed its official celebration of "Lee-Jackson-King Day," in honor of Confederate Generals Robert E. Lee and Thomas “Stonewall" Jackson together with Martin Luther King, Jr., and established separate holidays for King and the Confederates. In Richmond, a statue of black tennis star Arthur Ashe now adorns Monument Avenue, a kind of public shrine to the Confederacy where statues of Confederate leaders preside. The Ashe statue was intended as a deliberate disruption of the Confederate symbolism. Richmond also removed the names of two Confederate leaders from local bridges and renamed them after civil rights leaders.
Yet none of these retreats from the Confederate past could quell the racial hatred that targets any and all Confederate memorials as symbols of "racism" and "slavery." This year, blacks observed Lee-Jackson-King Day by firebombing a public mural of Robert E. Lee and scrawling anti-white racial invectives all over it.
Gov. Gilmore, trying to balance the state’s new age of "diversity" with a past that refuses to crawl under a rock and die, has also proclaimed April to be "Confederate History Month." Since February is already Black History Month and the legislature at the governor's request has coughed up some three million dollars to observe black historical sites and programs, you might think the NAACP would be content. If you thought so, you missed the point. What the black leadership wants is not equality, let alone respect for its own race and heritage, but racial and cultural domination pure and simple.
The NAACP response has been to threaten a boycott of Virginia similar to the one they've declared against South Carolina for refusing to remove the Confederate battle flag from the state capitol. Gilmore actually thought he could placate the race warriors by compromise. "Our history and our diversity should not build a wall of division between us. We must meet each other halfway," he whimpers.
No. You go the whole way. You abolish every single symbol, song, hero, statue and memorial to your own heritage and admit it was never anything more than a mask for racial tyranny. You celebrate our heritage, pay us reparations for enslaving us and make the myth of our past the official and dominant myth of the state.
"Monument Avenue is on my list of targets," boasts Richmond city councilman Sa'ad El-Amin, who led the crusade against the Lee mural. “We have to dismantle this whole Confederate infrastructure because it glorifies slavery." Comrade El-Amin is not alone in his determination to wipe every trace of the Confederacy off the map. Salim Khalfani, state NAACP executive director, insists that the governor must never again issue a proclamation of Confederate History Month.
“Anything less is unacceptable," he vows.
Nor is the racial-cultural war confined to Southern and Confederate symbols. Randall Robinson, who emsaded against South African apartheid, has now discovered a new vocation as the author of a new book demanding reparations for slavery. It doesn't occur to Robinson and his Afro-racist allies that the energy they brought to the crusade against apartheid might now be directed against present-day slavery, mainly headquartered in black Africa itself. Their concern is not with freedom any more than with equality, but with power.
America, Robinson insists, "must dramatically reconfigure its symbolized picture of itself to itself. Its national parks, museums, monuments, statues, artworks must be recast in a way to include ... African-Americans." We know now what "include” really means, gw.•
It doesn’t mean add blacks into the picture; it means take out Robert E. Lee, Stonewall Jackson, Bedford Forrest, the Confederate flag, George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, the Declaration of Independence, and no doubt the U.S. Constitution as well, because all of them are complicit in the crime of slavery and cannot be tolerated in the "diversity" of the New Reconstruction. If whites don’t pay up what they owe now, Robinson warns, "Those others, who fifty years from now will form the majority of America's citizens, will be inspired to punish them for it."
It's well-meaning saps like Gov. Gilmore who don't understand what real "diversity” means. To Comrades El-Amin, Khalfani and Robinson and those who march behind them, the real meaning is clear — and it doesn't have much room for whites at all, let alone for their heritage.
To find out more about Sam Francis, and read features by other Ct tutors Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwcreuSors.com.
COPYRIGHT2000CREAIOHS SYNDIC A TE. INC.
m
Samuel Francis
Page 23