		MH V	■ r		
\ meric an Institute, Inc.		„ AO. flox 20605, Raleigh, North Carolin			fa 276/0
QHa/
H
g hi ..a
1 Jr

■ (n
i '
Minot e Amp me an Npwb
Pup? 2


Lott Episode Reveals Vacuum on the Right In U.S. Politics
Hj Samuel Ftincts
"Nickk^ Seeks then's Ouster," Klim) 7%t	P&M	s	lead head line
Monday morning "'OOP Agenda at Risk. Senator Sayv" The good news is not that Senate Republican* have decided that their matorm leader must go. hut that there is a GOP agenda at all Prom the way in which the KepuNicam and then nco-conservative allies have rescinded to the “crisis” created h* Sen Them Lon's positive remarks about Strom Thurmond's 1948 segregationist presidential campaign, you would not necessarily know there was.
The initial reaction to the Mississippi
senator s words from hi* counterpart, Senate Minority l eader Tom Daschle, *eerncd almost sympathetic. Daschle noted that Lott had explained himself to him and “I accept that" Daschle, no fool, understands that when the majority leader feels the need to explain himself to the minority leader, it's pretty clear who really calls the shots in the Senate.
And as the Senate goes, so went what remains of the “conservative movement,” as defined by the nco-conservatives who have come to dominate and speak for it. Almost to a man, their spokesmen damned Lott’s remarks — ‘‘disgraceful” (David From); “indefensible” (Jonah Goldberg);
“ludicrous” (William Kristol); “appalling” (Charles Krauthammer); “shameful” (a public statement issued by four Republican appointees to the Civil Rights Commission); etc. Neo-conservative exfootball star Jack Kemp ranted that “until (Lott) totally repudiates segregation and every aspect of its evil manifestation,” the Republicans would continue to suffer damage from his remarks. He demanded that Lott, as the Post reported, “go before a civil rights group and make a major speech about race and racial reconciliation in the New South to help clear the air.”
What is remarkable about this reaction from the right is that it is entirely
indistinguishable from the reaction from the left — except perhaps that the left was a hit less outraged. What the reaction of the right reveals is that the neo-conservatives who today have come to define the American right share precisely the same views as the left. And what that means is that the right does absolutely nothing to challenge the left. The left can “up the ante” — escalate its political demands — as far to the left as it wishes, and the “right” will tag along behind (or perhaps even run in front). This is why there is and can be no Republican “agenda,” despite what the wanna-be majority leaders try to claim.
There can be no Republican agenda because as long as the left defines the boundaries of American politics, any agenda the Republicans or the “right” comes up with will merely reflect what the left allows it to support. Any dissent from what the left allows will be denounced — as “racist” or some other sort of “extremism” — and you can bet your armband it will probably be the neoconservatives who will do the denouncing.
By the middle of the week, with the neo-con pack in full bay at Lott’s heels, the left “upped the ante” a bit more. It soon became clear that the real target was not what in the most extreme interpretation was a bland and probably unintentional endorsement of segregationism, but rather the real conservative position on race and civil rights. Both the Post and The New York Times dug up Lott’s voting record and brayed the	he	Jtu^d
the extension of the Voting Rights Act In 1982, against the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday in 1983, against the Civil Rights Act in 1990.
Not one of these or other votes Lott has cast means he supports segregation, and he was hardly alone in casting them. What they tell us is that he has consistently embraced an authentic conservative position on these issues. Among Lott s many sins that the Post discovered: In 19% he praised Confederate President Jefferson Davis in helping dedicate a library in his honor in Mississippi and said that Davis “rightly understood (the U.S. Constitution) was created to restrain government, not constrain the people.” Having conceded the “evil manifestation” ol segregation, the “right” opened the door tor the left to denounce any expression of authentic conservatism — and not only by Lott.
The dominance of the American “right” by neo-conservatives — ex-liberals who continue to exude liberal premises and values but who for some reason insist on calling themselves conservatives — means that ideological hegemony is ceded to the lett, that the right must always explain itselt to and seek sanction from the left, that the right can aiul will do nothing whatsoever to challenge the left's monopoly of politics, culture, and discussion. What good therefore is accomplished if a Republican president sits in the White House, a Republican majority sits m Congress, and
neo-conservative commentators participate
»n the public dialogue on television and newspapers?
(’<§>■11,1,/ miIrnuun

Animal rights activists say hunters threaten species.
It's a bold-faced lie. Thanks to wildlife management programs involving sportsmen, moose, eik, white-tailed deer and pronghorn antelope are thriving in North America. So are other species.
Let’s care enough to get the facts before making
Safari Club International Foundation
800-377-5399 I www.SafariClubFoundation.org
January

Middle American News
Page 3
Spirit of Stalin Haunts U.S. Politics

America’s leaders no longer conduct the business of politics through open debate and discussion. Instead, Soviet-style denunciations and public confessions are the order of the day.

A specter is haunting American culture and politics. It is the ghost of Stalin.
America's political life has been transformed into a Westernized version of the Soviet dictator's reign under which politics is conducted not by free men in lively and open debate, but by media-anointed commissars who carry' out purges, denunciations, ridicule, and ostracism of anyone who dares to express or even entertain ideas that differ from America's left-wing ruling elites.
And those who fail to join the denunciations quickly enough find themselves denounced as well.
Although	today's
“deviatiorusts" are not sent to face firing squads, they suffer the social and economic equivalent, losing their jobs, their reputations, their friends, and then stripped of dignity and legitimacy.
The latest purge, this time against GOP Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, reveals that even conservatives are eager to please the keepers of America’s new ideological orthodoxy. They apparently hope that by joining the campaign of denunciations, they will come to be seen as no threat to etstts, -and perhaps avoid being
the target of some future denunciation.
By now, the story is well known: Lott told celebrants at a birthday party for 100 year-old Sen. Strom Thurmond that Mississippi voted for his third-party Dixiecrat presidential bid bade in 1948.
“We’re proud of it,” said Lott. “And if the rest of the country had followed our lead, we wouldn’t have had all these problems over all these years, either.”
It was extravagant rhetoric for a Republican officeholder, to say the least. An earlier speaker bad claimed Thurmond was America’s “greatest living American.”
Anyone who has ever worked on the Republican side in the U.S. Senate knows well that effusive and even transparently insincere flattery of icon and legend Strom Thurmond is routine and even expected. No one thinks it’s an endorsement of segregation. But no matter. Lott opened the door just enough to let in the flood of leftist venom.



Joseph Stalin: America’s new role model for politics?
‘Trent Lott’s remarks on race raise a storm,” blared a demonstrably false headline from Time magazine. Newsweek couldn’t resist its own skewed exaggeration, telling readers that Lott “praised Thurmond’s stridently	segregationist
presidential campaign.”
The calls for Lott’s head that quickly came from “Kwiesi Mfume” of the NAACP and Rev. Jesse Jackson were soon drowned out by a louder clamor for his head from American conservatives, including politicians Jack Kemp and William Bennett, and writers Jonah Goldberg of National Review and William Kristol of The Weekly Standard. In U.S. News and World Report, the ruling class’s reliable ideological drone Gloria Borger lamented that too many politicians were “slower off die mark than the conservatives” to denounce Lott.
For at least two weeks, the Lott “scandal” dominated the pre-Christmas news. And yet Lott had committed no crime, took no untoward action, caused no harm, broke no law, violated no ethics. Unlike former President Bill Clinton, he was accused of no rape, no sexual harassment, no obstruction of justice, and faced no impeachment. Still, America’s ideologically uniform news organizations wondered daily how
soon Lott should resign his post.
So what was the reason for the denunciations? Newsweek let the cat out of the bag in its December 23rd issue with a sidebar it called “a snapshot” of Lott’s record. According to Newsweek, Lott’s entire public record consists of trying to restore citizenship to Confederate President Jefferson Davis in 1978; joining a bipartisan coalition to ban forced school busing for racial purposes in 1979; voting against making Martin Luther King Jr’s birthday a national holiday in 1983; referring to the Civil War as the War of Northern Aggression in 1984; and once speaking before a group later accused of “white supremacy” from which Lott quickly distanced himself.
In other words, the reason Lott should be driven from his job is based entirely on his deviating thoughts — simply matters of belief in which he differs from the ruling ideological orthodoxy that now dominates American media and even establishment conservative journals. Those beliefs reflect Lott’s white Southern heritage, which in the new multiculturalist-ruled America are not to be treated fairly and subjected to legitimate debate and discussion. Those are views that for the left to remain in power, must be suppressed and denounced as illegitimate. And anyone who holds them must be silenced and driven from public view.
Just as in Stalin’s Soviet Russia, the politics of denunciation are designed to keep those in power and those who seek power, in line. Deviation is not allowed. It’s a lesson Lott learned quickly. Within a few days of the first denunciations against him, he scrambled to save his job and reputation, appearing on Black Entertainment Television where he solemnly disavowed his vote against the Martin Luther King holiday, pledged to support it, and heartily endorsed “affirmative action.”
In the new Soviet America, denunciation is followed by public confession, contrition, and reeducation. It’s the “party line,” no matter what party you really belong to.
Like everyone in the Soviet Union under the spell of Stalin, one must go along to get along.
/ ........................ ....x
MOVING? Please notify us of your change of address in advance! The Post Office will not forward M.A.News to your now address, nor notify us that you moved.
NEWSBRIEFS
Division Through Diversity
America’s vaunted diversity continues to divide Americans along ethnic and religious lines. In late November, Muslim activist Ibrahim Hooper of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) denounced Christian leaders Rev. Jerry Falwell, Rev. Pat Robertson, and Rev. Franklin Graham, son of famed evangelist Rev. Billy Graham. Hooper compared them to terrorist Osama bin Laden, saying they “have the same mentality,” and want to incite “unending civilizational conflict.”Asked by an interviewer on New York’s WABC radio whether he thought the ministers would kill Muslims as bin Laden urges Muslims to kill Jews and Christians, Hooper said: “Given the right circumstances, these guys would do the same in the opposite direction.”
Frightened by Talk Radio
Political dissent aired on radio programs is a threat to officeholders, according to left-wing Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-SD. He charged that conservative radio talk shows hosted by Rush Limbaugh and others are a danger to the lives of politicians because listeners respond emotionally, and “the threats to those of us in public life go up dramatically.” Sen. John McCain, R-AZ, later joined the fray on Daschle’s side, calling Limbaugh “a circus clown.” Michael Harrison of Talkers magazine, which covers talk radio, put the problem in a more realistic perspective: “Limbaugh probably gets more e-mailed threats than Daschle,” he said.
Catch and Release
Maryland is one of those states whose elites like to give murderers a second charic^througfv*S"*‘caiclT ana release” system of criminal justice. As a result, David Jensen, 31, serving a 25 year-sentence for murder, simply walked out of jail. The left-wingers who run the state let the killer participate in a work-release program. One day in November, he left for his job at 6:15 a.m. and never returned.
China vs. The West
The Communist Chinese jumped into the culture war against the West, demanding that Mount Everest be renamed the virtually unpronounceable “Mount Qomolangma.” The Communist-run China Daily accused Western “colonialists” of “ignorance and arrogance” for using the Mount Everest appellation on maps. “British colonialists raped the sacred mountain of the Tibetans by giving it a false name,” the paper said, ignoring the Communists’ own actual rape and occupation of Tibet. “Until today, the world is still persistently humiliating Mount Qomolangma with English-language hegemonism,” complained the yellow Reds. The mountain was named in honor of Sir George Everest, the surveyor-general of India who first mapped the peak in 1852. The Chinese complaint reveals that the revision of place-names already underway in Western countries to please non-white populations is not merely “identity politics” played by eccentric left-wingers. It is in fact an integral part of the strategic cultural assault launched globally by non-whites and their white left-wing allies against the West. It signifies impending catastrophe for the European-American peoples.
Journalist Gets Lesson in Multiculturalism
In multicultural Britain the crackdown on dissenters is getting harsher. Journalist Robin Page was arrested in November for giving a speech at a pro-hunting rally. A columnist with the London Telegraph, Page told the white
Continued on page 4
f*Hgc 4
Middle American News
NEWSBRIEFS
NY Jogger Rape
Verdicts to be Vacated
I Continued from page 3
By Nicholas Stlx
rural audience that if Londoners had the right to celebrate gay pride and black solidarity* then Brits who live in the countryside also have the right to enjoy their heritage of hunting. Tony Blair's anti-racism police seized him and hauled him otl to jail for what they called ‘inciting race hatred *' He was later released on bail, but was ordered to report back to the police station in January to face the charges "All 1 said was that the rural minority should have the same rights as blacks, Muslims, and gays. What is wrong with that in a multicultural society?” he wondered aloud. “Obviously, someone has not understood the message/' he said. On the contrary, Mr. Page, they understood your message perfectly. Now it is up to you to understand the real message of multiculturalism, which means hegemony for non-whites and repression for people like you.
War by Other Means
In a federal court in Brooklyn, South African immigrants Hied suit against IBM, Ford, Citigroup, and 19 either laige companies, charging that because they conducted business with the pre-Mandela South African government, they owe damages for suffering endured by blacks under the racial apartheid system. “This complaint seeks to hold those businesses that aided and abetted the apartheid regime responsible for the wrongs they made possible,*’ said a statement from the law firm that filed the suit, Cohen, Milstein, Hausfeld & Toll.
Shallow Rightwinger
Retiring conservative House Majority Leader Dick Krraey, R-TX, who once told an audience at the libertarian Cato Institute that America needs more immigration, may go to work with the left-wing ACLU on what he calls “privacy issues” Laura W. Murphy, director of ACLU’s Washington office, says “he is as passionate about privacy as we are.” Unfortunately, privacy for the ACLU does not include owning a gun, choosing your own employees, or forming private associations like the Boy Scouts of America. Those are privacy rights the ACLU is doing its level best to stamp out. That Armey would even consider joining the anti-American tyrants at the ACLU reveals how shallow and empty-headed America’s conservative Republican leaders really are.
Too Little, Too Late
After a closed-door immigration hearing in Seattle,
Una Scion James, 38, was ordered deported back to Jamaica from whence she and her son, 17 year-old accused Beltway sniper John Lee Malvo, sneaked into the U.S. illegally to 2001. The pair had been slated for removal from the country by the Border Patrol soon after their arrival, hot generous INS officials overturned the deportation and let them slay.
Open Door for Future kUkri
Hundred* of Moodthinuy Islamic radical* swarmed the airport in Quetta, Pakistan, chanting “Death to Americans!*’ as the body of a man executed in Virginia for murdering CIA employees was returned to relatives for burial. The casket carrying the remains of Anna! Kahn Kasi was
Continued next page J
(Middle American Newtt		' o
Published monthly by:		
Middle American Ifistittiie, Inc		Frinitd on recycled paper
p Or Bon 20608		Non toxic ink used
North Carolina 27619		in printing
On December 5, Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau asked Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Charles Tejada to vacate the convictions of five men in the 1989 Central Park Jogger attack, as well as for attacks on other victims the same night. Defendants Antron McCray, Kevin Richardson, Yusef Salaam, Raymond Santana and Kharey Wise have all completed their prison sentences. By the time this story appears, the convictions will likely have been thrown out.
The men were convicted variously of rape, sexual assault, attempted murder, and riot in the first degree. They were part of a group of as many as forty predominantly black (and some Hispanic) teenagers who went to Manhattan’s Central Park on April 19,1989, to engage in “wilding,” i.e., to attack whites. The mob carried out at least 12 separate attacks, including the widely publicized assault and rape of ‘The Jogger,” whom they left for dead after a vicious beating. The woman lost 75 percent of her blood, and remained in a coma for 12 days. Only six defendants were ever prosecuted for the crimes of that night. McCray, Richardson, Santana and Wise all were questioned and confessed on videotape in their parents’ presence to attacking the Jogger and other parkgoers. Salaam refused to confess, but made incriminating statements linking him to the beating of the Jogger with a metal pipe.
DA Morgenthau now argues that since another man, 31-year-old convicted rapist-murderer Matias Reyes, has confessed to having raped the Jogger alone, and semen found at the scene was a DNA match to Reyes, that had the juries in two trials (of different defendants) known this information, their verdicts would likely have been “more favorable” to the defendants. Once the statute of limitations passed in the Jogger Case, Reyes suddenly “got religion,” and confessed to four other rapes for which he can no longer be prosecuted.
Matias Keyes’ confession was full of gaps regarding the details ot the attack. But he did say that he had not gone as far north as where the Jogger was attacked* The Jogger attack also did not match Reyes’ modus operundi. And Keyes, a smallish man, insisted incredibly that he was able to drag the Jogger, an extremely fit woman fighting for
In New York, race politics runs the criminal court system, not the pursuit of Justice. Is the failure of Justice in New York a harbinger of how criminal Justice will be administered in a multi-ethnic society?	.
her life, 200 yards all by himself.
Already in 1989, it was public knowledge that not all of the Jogger’s attackers had been caught, and that semen found at the scence pointed to additional suspects not in custody. In their confessions, the defendants mentioned an accomplice named “Tony.” Only recently did it surface that Reyes’ street name was ‘Tony.”
Morgenthau also justified vacating the verdict in the Jogger case, because prosecutors had failed to come up with a possible “alternative theory” of events that night. Morgenthau’s theory is that the defendants were too busy attacking other people to have had sufficient time to also attack the Jogger. Morgenthau inexplicably violated logic, law, and morality by demanding that the convictions in the other attacks also be vacated.
(It is defense counsel’s job, not the prosecutor’s, to provide an “alternative theory.” Following the 1990 convictions, defense attorney Peter Rivera acknowledged that “We didn’t say, ‘No, when the jogger was raped, my client was on 96th Street, mugging someone else.’ That would have been self-defeating.” Howard Diller, who defended another Jogger defendant, admitted that “They convicted themselves with their own statements. We could not overcome them.”)
Morgenthau’s decision, outlined in a 58-page report authored by assistant district attorney Nancy E. Ryan with ADA Peter Casolaro, outraged the supervising prosecutor, the main detectives on the case, and other police officials.
Linda Fairstein, who recently retired after thirty years as a Manhattan prosecutor, told New York newspapers she is certain that Reyes “is lying,” and that the live defendants participated in the attack on the Jogger.
“Absolutely. They were part ot the pack that saw the jogger, attacked her with a pipe and began to physically assault her as well as sexually assault her.... 1 find I Reyes’J story about acting alone completely incredible. I think most of them |the five convicted defendants| urn off before the
completion of the attack. My view is that Reyes is the only one who did complete it.”
A team of thirty detectives cracked the case. Lead Detective Humberto Arroyo told ABC News, “I believe these kids did it. They said they did it. The videotapes [of the defendants’ confessions] speak for themselves.”
Speaking to the New York Post, several of the detectives “accused Morgenthau of reneging on his promise to lead ‘a fair, impartial and complete’ review.
Legendary detective Mike Sheehan, now a TV reporter at local Fox 5 News said, “I’m shocked at Morgenthau. This shows they have no respect for us and no respect for the victims in this case.” Retired Det. Capt. Sal Blando recalled, “They were singing and laughing. I’m outraged by this decision. This is a travesty of justice. And Retired Det. Capt; Ken Rowe said, visited that woman numerous times in the hospital. I remember her injuries. There’s no way one person did that to her. She was on the verge of death.”
But the convicted teenagers came to be seen as victims of alleged anti-minority feelings by the police. Powerful ethnic advocacy groups, including those led by the left-wing Rev. A1 Sharpton, turned their crime into a political issue.
Personal revenge also reportedly played a role in the final DA’s report. Assistant DA Nancy E. Ryan, the author, is reportedly a longtime adversary of the recently retired Linda Fairstein. In 1989, Ryan was passed over for the Jogger prosecution. Law enforcement sources say that Ryan was simply interested in undermining Fairstein’s case. For the report, Ryan did not interview Fairstein, lead courtroom prosecutor Elizabeth Lederer, or most of the detectives from the case, and interviewed one detective for only fifteen minutes, forbidding him to check his notes.
Unnamed NYPD officials told New York NewsJuy came beat writer Leopard Levitt, that ADA
January 2003
Continued next page
Middle American News
Page 5
Elites and Public Differ on Immigration
The gap between the opinions of the American people and their leaders on immigration is “enormous" and growing, according to an analysis of survey data collected hy the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations.
The poll found that 60 percent of the American public regards the current high levels of immigration to be a “critical threat to the vital interests*’ of the country, but only 14 percent of the nation's leadership agrees.
The data was analyzed by the Center for Immigration Studies in Washington. D.C., in its report, “Elite vs. Public Opinion: An Examination of Divergent Views on Immigration "
The survey was based on interviews with 2,800 “ordinary Americans” and a cross-section of 400 “opinion leaders,” including members of Congress, the Bush administration, business executives, union leaders, journalists, academics, and leaders of major special interest groups.
CIS found that the large 46-point gap between the people and the elite is wider than the 37-point difference found in a similar survey in 1998.
"The poll results indicate that there is no other foreign policy related issue, on which the

Poll finds widely divergent views
American people and their leaders disagreed more profoundly than immigration,” said the report. “Even on such divisive issues as globalization or strengthening the United Nations, the public and the elite are much closer together than they are on immigration.”
On the issue of illegal immigration, the divide was even slightly larger. The survey found that 70 percent of the American people said reducing illegal immigration should be a “very important” foreign policy goal. But U.S. elites care little for enforcing their own laws. Only 22 percent of the elites interviewed agreed, creating a gap of 48 points.
The public ranks illegal immigration sixth out of 69 foreign policy problems they are most concerned about, while elites ranked illegal immigration at 26th.
Steve Camarota, co-author of the report, said the divergent views explain recent political events.
“It explains why broad interest group support for an illegal alien amnesty, including the
business community and labor unions, has not translated into the passage of an amnesty,” he said.
Republicans and Democrats are currently engaged in a bidding war to see which party can promise to deliver a bigger amnesty for illegals. Politicians hope that using government to give favors will translate into political support among immigrants at the ballot box. Both President George Bush and House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt, D-MO, have announced they will push for amnesty programs.
The poll showed that only 27 percent of the U.S. public believes the president’s handling of immigration issues is good or excellent.
Most Americans surveyed, 55 percent, said immigration should be reduced. Just 27 percent wanted immigration levels kept the same. In stark contrast, only 18 percent of surveyed elites want immigration levels reduced, while fully 60 percent want the current high levels to remain the same.
Co-author Roy Beck said that continued “deep public dissatisfaction with current immigration policy” is an issue “just waiting for a candidate to champion.”
Jogger Case
From previous page
Ryan made it impossible for the NYPD to re-investigate the case. Ryan forbade detectives from
jar
administering a polygraph examination to Reyes, interrupted them whenever they asked him questions in jail, and went so far as to telephone the lawyers of Reyes’ fellow inmates, telling them to advise their clients to refuse to cooperate with detectives.
The fix was in.
The degeneration of justice in the Jogger Case did not happen overnight. Judge Vito Titone’s minority opinion in Yusef Salaam’s 1993 appeal of his convictions, anticipated the outrage to come. Salaam argued that because he was a minor when be was questioned, his self-incriminating statements to police should be suppressed and his convictions vacated.
At his family’s apartment, the 15-year-old Salaam told police in the presence of family and friends that he was 16, showing officers a school transit pass that said he was 16. Had Salaam told the truth about his age, detectives could not have questioned him without a
parent, adult or attorney present. But in New York State, 16-year-olds are adults regarding such crimes, and are entitled to no such protections. Salaam’s friends and even his own mother initially supported the deception.
Meanwhile, at the police precinct. Salaam “was given complete Miranda warnings. Defendant invoked none of the recited protections and chose instead to give a detailed statement implicating himself in two of the attacks under investigation, including specifically the attack on ‘the Central Park jogger.’”
In Judge Vito Titone’s
dissenting opinion in support of Salaam, he insisted that police should have ignored the law, and treated Salaam like an “infant,” refusing the opportunity to question him. The majority disagreed, ruling that police had acted in good faith, and that Salaam was responsible for his “deception and chicanery.”
It was a short path from Titone to Morgenthau. The day after DA Morgenthau issued his report, the Rev. A1 Sharpton demanded that the detectives who broke the Jogger Case, and the prosecutors who won it, be investigated and prosecuted.
fAMERICANS FIRST!)
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh NC 27619
NEWSBRIEFS
Continued from previous page
unloaded beneath a banner that read, “We Are Proud of You, Aimal!” Kasi was the Pakistani immigrant executed in November for the 1993 murders of two CIA employees as they sat defenseless in their cars at a traffic light outside CIA headquarters. Three other CIA employees were wounded in the attack. Kasi fled the U.S. after the murders but was arrested in Pakistan in 1997 and returned to the U.S. for trial. News of his conviction prompted Islamic mobs to kill four Americans in Pakistan. The U.S. blindly continues to welcome immigration from Pakistan.
Another Anti-American Murder
Americans’ dedication to helping the less fortunate often earns them little but ingratitude, resentment, and, all-too-frequently, violence. In an assault by Islamic terrorists in Lebanon, 31-year-old Bonnie Weatherall, a nurse’s assistant from California, was shot to death with three bullets to the head as she arrived for work at an evangelical Christian clinic for pregnant women. By shooting defenseless women, Islamic “warriors” hope to earn brownie points with Allah and chase Americans out.
Blame the Object
Nathaniel Brazill, 13, surreptitiously took a .25 caliber pistol out of the dresser drawer of a family friend. He then sneaked the gun into his Florida school and pointed it at the head of his teacher, Barry Grunow, who had earlier that day expelled Nathaniel. The boy then pulled the trigger, killing Grunow, and fled from the school. Grunow’s wife, Pam, decided her husband’s murder was the fault of the gun’s distributor. Valor Corp., which was ordered by a jury to pay part of a $24 million settlement. In a sane society, tier suit never would have made it to court. Under America’s increasingly preposterous legal system, will homeowners soon be able to sue bat makers to recover the costs of broken windows from errant baseballs?
A Brave Woman
One of the bravest women in America is Connie Monis of St. Francis, Kansas, who was elected to the Kansas Board of Education in November despite the efforts of local elites and Hispanic chauvinists to destroy her candidacy. During the campaign, Morris told voters that Kansas taxpayers shouldn’t have to pay for the education of children of illegal aliens. “Senior citizens often work part time just to pay bills, yet the illegal alien is provided a free education, welfare, food stamps, medical care. We cannot afford to continue to be held hostage to this kind of loose and unpatriotic expenditure of the American dollar,” she said. Jerry Hernandez, chairman of the local Hispanic Organization for Justice and Equality, predictably denounced her as a racist. A Republican, Morris received 79 percent of the vote. No Democrat appeared on the ballot against her, but the local GOP establishment put up a failed write-in candidate.
\
Hey, Make Us Comfortable
Immigrant Muslims are demanding that public schools rearrange their rules and class schedules to accommodate them. In Howard and Montgomery counties in Maryland, Muslim parents want their children let out of school several times during the day so they can go home to pray. “Sometimes we have to pray on a hard floor/’ at school, complained one Muslim student. In addition, “they have a lot of pictures” on the walls that are distracting, she said. Another Muslim student complained that a food service worker who touches ham or pepperoni also touches nonpork food, Fork and products made from pork are
Continued on page 6
January 2003
Middle American News ---------------------\
P*J!f ft
r~
Deficits Are Back
Deficit spending is definitely making a comeback. Some analysts predict the federal budget deficit will reach $250 billion in the current fiscal year and climb to $300 billion or more in 2004 and 2005.
Graduated Income Tax at Work
Taxpayers with IRS adjusted annual gross incomes (AGI) of $55,225 or more (the top 25 percent of earners) accounted for 84 percent of all federal personal income tax paid in 2000, according to the National Taxpayers Union. The top 10 percent - those with AGI of $92,144 or more - accounted for 67.33 percent. The bottom 50 percent, with AGI of $27,682 or less, paid just 3.91 percent.
Another Taxpayer Rip Off
The left-wing multiculturalists who run the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) do not properly | oversee agency work contracts, wasting taxpayer money by paying for work that isn’t done, according to a report from the General Accounting Office (GAO). In one case cited by GAO, HUD bureaucrats paid $164,000 for repair work on sidewalks around HUD-managed apartments that was never performed. In another case, HUD honchos shelled out $10,400 to replace an apartment’s floor, but the tenant complained the work was never done.
GAO’s report said many of HUD’s management problems “are long-standing and wiH likely require years to resolve.”
An audit of HUD’s Office of MultifamHy Housing contracts found that HUD’s written policies for monitoring contractors were not followed in 70 percent of the cases.
Education Boondoggle
Information from the Department of Education shows that the billions spent by the federal government on education are pretty much a waste, according to a news release from Citizens Against Government Waste.
CAGW says a chart posted on the department's website shows that from 1996 to 2003, federal spending on education increased by 132 percent (compared to 96 percent for HHS, and 48 percent for the Defense Department over the same time period). Yet the science scores of U.8. 12* graders have declined since 1996, white reading and math scores remain unchanged, says CAGW.
The Feds have spent (321 billion on education since 1965, but 4* grade
\__________________________________________
reading scores have remained at a dismal 32 percent proficiency for three decades, said CAGW.
“More centralized bureaucracy and greater spending do not improve education,” said CAGW President Tom Schatz. "Why should taxpayers pay through the nose for a bureaucracy that makes little discernible difference?”
A Government of Crooks
An audit by the GAO found that employees of both HUD and the Department of Education used official agency-issued credit cards to buy more than $36,000 in food and merchandise at department stores and restaurants, even though use of the cards is restricted to official business. One employee of the Ed Dept, used his card to make purchases from Internet pornography sites. The audit also found that 77 percent of $1.8 million in purchases sampled by the audit lacked adequate support to determine whether the purchases were legitimate official business. GAO discovered that neither HUD nor the Ed Dept, have a computerized monitoring system to identify illegal purchases. Mitch Daniels, director of the Office of Management and Budget, said federal agencies need to implement reforms to fight what he called “increasing credit card fraud” in the government.
Business As Usual
The federal government’s General Services Administration announced in November it awarded a telecommunications contract to a bankrupt company entangled in a securities fraud investigation and accounting scandal. GSA said the $11 billion contract renewal includes the bankrupt WorldCom which shares federal contract work with Sprint Communications. Under the contract, WorldCom will continue to provide telecommunications services to 75 federal agencies, including the departments of Defense, Commerce, and Interior, as well as the Social Security Administration and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Investigators say WorldCom may have misstated more than $9 billion in earnings.
It’s Never Enough
Leftwingers want the U.S. government to spend $1 billion more on “child nutrition programs.” The Food Research Action Center claims that “funding for these programs has not kept pace” with rising expectations. About 27.5 million children are fed at schools through the federal school lunch program. Fifty-nine percent of the meals are free or reduced in price. Another 7.8 million are fed via a school breakfast program, and another 2.7 million get meals in a day-care food program. Still another federal program provides supplemental food to about 7.3 million pregnant poor women and new mothers.
_______________________________________J
NEWSBRIEFS
V	WK
Continued from page
5
forbidden to Muslims. The Howard County “Equity Council” is trying to come up with school policies to please the newcomers.
Gay Red Honored
Despite complaints from taxpayers, local elites in West Chester, Pennsylvania, want to name a planned $67 million high school after native son Bayard Rustin, a black Communist homosexual who avoided military service during World War II. Rustin was a close associate of Martin Luther King, Jr., and helped organized the famous 1963 “I have a dream” black power rally held at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. A former member of the Young Communist League, Rustin had a record of arrests for committing homosexual acts in public. For no good reason, his portrait hangs in the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.. West Chester’s school board appointed a committee to decide by February whether to respond to taxpayer complaints.
Hispanic Solidarity
Diversity isn’t much of a strength in Portland, Oregon, where outraged Hispanic chauvinists are stamping their feet and holding their breath because two police officers who received awards for exemplary conduct were also involved in the shooting death of a deranged, violent Mexican immigrant. Jose Santos Mejia Poot, 29, was shot and killed by the two officers when he broke free of his psychiatric restraints and charged them swinging a metal pipe. A grand jury as well as an internal police investigation found the cops acted in self-defense. But Gail Costillo, executive director of the haughty Hispanic
Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, believes that giving------
an award to the cops is “disrespectful” of Hispanics. A group calling itself the “Latino Network” called for Police Chief Mark Kroeker to resign because he made the award, thus harming the Latinos’ fragile pride.
More Clashes Through Diversity
Diversity isn’t much of a strength in Boston, either.
That’s where a group of Muslim lawyers called for the Massachusetts Bar to punish a famous Harvard law professor because he called for Israel to raze Palestinian villages. The Muslim Legal Defense and Education Fund claims left-wing loudmouth Alan Dershowitz broke Bar rules by advocating a policy that in MLDEF’s view violates international law. Dershowitz proposed that Israel publish a list of towns that would be demolished if Palestinians carried out further terror attacks. Sareer Fazill of MLDEF says that “as attorneys, we are sworn to uphold all laws,” and that “there are treaties that prohibit collective punishment.” MLDEF is also suing America Online for alleged “ethnic harassment” because some users say unkind things about Muslims in AOL internet chatrooms.
More Divisions From Diversity Nor is diversity strengthening the social fabric in Wisconsin. After Milwaukee Mayor John Norquist criticized the poor job performance of Police Chief Arthur Jones, the black top cop filed a racial discrimination complaint with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. He says he faces a “hostile work environment.” The mayor and others have criticized Jones for ineffective policing activity that has left the city’s high murder rate virtually unchanged over the last six years while other cities have seen a dramatic decline. But Jones says he’s the victim of racism, and black supporters on the city council agree. Alderman Willie Hines says the city
Continued on page 9
January 2603
Middle American News
Page 7
George Bush Right About the	UN But for the Wrong Reasons
By Chilton Williamson Jr.
Because it is in the nature of politicians to he wrong fcwr the wrong reasons, nothing is more welcome (not to mention surprising) when they are right for the wrong reasons. Moralists will object that this is not good enough, in particular when the politicians in question are representatives elected from the most morally perfected society in human history, that City Upon a Hill, the United States of America. In their case, moral perfectionism must be the goal: They owe it to our children, to the ideals of Liberalism, to the noble cause of Global Democracy to be perfect in wand, thought, and deed, even as their Heavenly Father is perfect. The moralists fail to comprehend that no government ever heard of, anywhere or at anytime, has possessed the moral character to serve as the moral arbiter for the society over which it rules. (In the role of moral authority there is always religion, or there is nothing, as the American Founders knew perfectly well). For this reason they are pained, as well as perplexed, by President George W. Bush, who so often is neither right for the wrong reason, nor wrong for a good reason, but quite simply confused. And in his confusion he has confused them, to the point where they have even quit
... no government ever heard of, anywhere or at anytime, has possessed the moral character to serve as the moral arbiter for the society over which it rules.
calling him stupid. In the matter of foreign policy, especially.
Bush (it is almost forgotten by now) launched his administration on what his internationalist and European critics described as a go-it-alone course, and the loyal opposition at home attacked as an isolationist one, by refusing to ratify the Kyoto Treaty and to stroke the governments of Western Europe as they were accustomed to being stroked by a long line of American presidents. Political cartoonists pictured him as a maverick in a big hat with a six-shooter on his hip and it was the rage, at home and abroad, to point out that George W. Bush never visited Europe before he arrived there on Air Force One and couldn't order from a French or German menu. Months passed; the distance between New York and Cherbourg widened from 2800 miles to 6000 as the United States drifted away from Europe toward the middle of the Pacific Ocean. And then came September 11, and George Bush didn’t want to go it alone anymore. (Not if he didn’t have to, anyway.)
Now the President wanted all the allies he could get for the war on terrorism, but
So far, the only good thing to come out of the Mideast crisis is the willingness of an American president to ignore the United Nations. Let’s just hope the administration doesn’t plan to replace the UN with a global governance scheme of its own...
hardly any of the early victims of Texas isolationism wanted much of a part in interventionism in Afghanistan and elsewhere, except Great Britain, led by Poodle Blair (whose eye is on Mideastem oil reserves), and Pakistan (which can’t afford George Bush as an enemy). For
Bin Laden’s continued “at large” status was a black eye for the Bush administration which soon changed the subject to another international rogue named Saddam Hussein.
reasons having little to do with the “allies” who never showed up for the fight, the Afghan “war” ran out of steam after failing to accomplish its principal mission— capturing Osama bin Laden and bringing him in a cage to Washington, D.C. Bin Laden’s continued “at large” status was a black eye for the Bush administration, which soon changed the subject to another international rogue named Saddam Hussein whose whereabouts happened to be known with some specificity, give or take a dozen or two presidential palaces scattered around the Iraqi desert. And so Mr. Bush decided to go after Mr. Saddam, backed by a gang
H
of friends (allies) along to make his unilateral war on Iraq look like a genuine international police action. Saddam Hussein, it turned out, had friends (like President Putin of Russia) in high places, while George Bush found skeptics in others (the UN Security Council); creating an awkward situation for an “isolationist” head of state who needed the allies he never wanted in the first place to End himself in.
And so the President came full circle at last: He informed the Security Council in particular, and the United Nations generally, that, while international cooperation was Nice and a Good Thing, the United States was prepared to go it alone against Iraq, and the United Nations Eleanor Roosevelt had helped to create and in which his own father had represented the United States as ambassador be damned. For good measure, he followed up the warning by enunciating the Bush Doctrine, claiming Washington’s right to launch a preemptive military attack against anybody anywhere in the world, without asking permission from anyone. It was as close as any American president has come in half a century to calling for the U.S. to get out of the UN, and if Bush had demanded the UN out of the U.S. as well, he would only have been acting with perfect consistency. What George W. Bush managed last fall amounts
to nothing less than a declaration of American independence from the United Nations, and it remains to be seen whether that august body ever recovers from the blow—and the insult. To the extent that the bloated Emperor of the World ever wore any clothes, the labels were stitched Made in America, and the President of the United States has stripped him of them in a very public way.
It is George Bush’s greatest accomplishment in office so far, and the best — indeed the only — good thing to have come out of the deadly farce that is the conjured-up Middle East “crisis”. Yet the President seems not to have formulated his rebuff to the UN as a deliberate policy, but rather to have bungled into it; certainly, his course of approach was a confused zigzag. Which raises the discomforting but pertinent question: Does Mr. Bush know where he is going from here?
The U.S. out of the UN is the best idea an American President has had in half a century — so long as the U.S. doesn’t aspire to become the UN afterward. Right here is where George Bush's naivetd not only poses a problem but creates a nightmare. In thrall to Richard Perle, Paul Wolfowitz, and Donald Rumsfeld on the one hand, and Karl Rove and Vicente Fox on the other.
Bush seems quite capable of leading the United States where, in the words of Our Lord, it really doesn’t want to go. (Or wouldn’t, if it had an awareness of its destination, and the choice of avoiding it.) Nothing can be plainer than the present administration’s determination to exploit to the limit — commercially, culturally, and demographically, not just militarily and politically — America’s position as sole superpower; or the commitment of the American elite to sustaining its global, multicultural fantasy against every threat and in the face of all obstacles, including terrorist attacks on American soil.
Less than a month after the elections that returned both houses of Congress to the Republicans, the Bush administration had restarted, in a particularly coy and disingenuous way, its campaign for amnestying three or four or five or six (nobody knows for sure) million Mexican illegals in the United States. And why stop with the Mexicans? With the United States out of the United Nations, what could be more logical than for the First Universal Nation to step in and finish the job it started of (quite literally) uniting nations — right here at home? Turtle Bay could be the Ellis Island of the twenty-first century....
Conceivably, it is the destiny of the world’s people, gathered from Everywhere into one place — the same nation the
covetous Chinese call the Golden Land —-to war among themselves over the ruins of the America they acquired from the American people, having replaced them.
r
America Extinguished
A New Blockbuster by columnist Sam Francis Get Your Copy Today!
America
Extinguished;
Mass Immigration and the
Disintegration of American Culture
Binuel T. Francis
Order extra copies!
This book will sell fast, and supplies are limited!
1 copy — $6.95 2-19 copies -- $5.00 ea. 20 copies -- $3.00 ea. Case of 96 copies - $75.1
We pay shipping!!
Only $6.95 paperback 215 pages
Send check or money order with your name and address to: Americans for Immigration Control P.O. Box 738 Monterey, Virginia 24465
✓
Middle American News
"We’re in
By Robert H. Goldsborough
President A1C
There has been a lot of finger-pointing, hand-wringing, and buck-passing going on in Washington. D.C., as part of the post 9/ 11 blame-game.
The State Department issued vast numbers of visas, indiscriminately and haphazardly; the CIA failed to issue timely alerts about terrorists to the FBI and the INS: FBI headquarters ignored warnings of potential terrorist activity from FBI field agents: all of these agencies failed to share information in a cooperative and timely fashion: and INS commissioners— Clinton's Doris Meissner as well as Bush's James Ziglar were more interested in accommodating illegal aliens than stopping them.
But the largest share of the blame belongs to our elected officials—the many members of Congress and those presidents who kept passing amnesty legislation while at the same time increasing annual quotas of legal immigrants to unmanageable levels.
Beginning with the amnesty of 1986, the “get-in-free-passes” bestowed the greatly cherished but totally undeserved gift of legalization and permanent resident status to millions of alien lawbreakers. Ultimately, the continuous tidal wave of aliens served as human camouflage for the terrorists. For reasons of national security and fiscal sanity, amnesties of illegal aliens have been and will continue to be sure prescriptions for national disasters. The ever-increasing volume of legal and illegal aliens in America—tens of millions—so multiplies and complicates our internal security problems that future terrorist attacks within the U.S. are certain to occur. This mega-problem is compounded by the
a boat with a big
Robert Goldsborough, AIC President
free flow of drugs coming from Mexico.
So why are the Bush administration and some members of Congress (in both parties) trying to further complicate the problem instead of solving it?
According to Tony Garza, the new U.S. Ambassador to Mexico, Bush is once again pushing for amnesty for millions of illegal aliens from Mexico. Garza told reporters that the top priority of the Bush administration is to give legal status to Mexicans in the U.S. illegally without actually giving them citizenship. Garza suggested that might be accomplished by calling the illegals “guest workers.” This end-run around the law would reward the lawbreakers almost as much as an open and immediate amnesty! Never to be out-done, liberal Democrats—Senator Daschle and Representative Gephardt—want to legalize virtually all of the approximately 11 million illegal aliens in America! To the average hard working, tax-paying American these
hole in ft-”
schemes are pure insanity, but to many politicians they are bribes to ethnic blocs providing future votes.
Future catastrophes might well arrive hidden within Mexican trucks and buses. On November 27, 2002, President Bush, using the North American Free Trade Agreement as an excuse, gave permission for Mexican trucks to travel throughout the entire United States. Mexican drug lords must have celebrated all night after hearing that news.
Mexican drug cartels have already turned many American towns and cities into major drug depots, so the newly granted free access of Mexican trucks to all of America will greatly facilitate drug distribution. (It will also provide greater access for terrorists to enter the U.S.)
Mill owners in Dalton, Georgia, which bills itself as the “carpet capital of the world” has prospered during the past decade as thousands of Mexican immigrants, legal and illegal, have taken jobs in the mills. These Mexicans have done more than lower the U.S. wage level and standard of living, while displacing American workers on the bottom rung of the economic ladder. “More recently,” writes Tim Golden in The New York Times (11-16-02) “federal and local law enforcement officials say the same pipeline of immigration and trade had been exploited by Mexican drug traffickers, who have helped turn this corner of northwestern Georgia into a busy [drug] distribution center....
“In Dalton and surrounding areas, drug arrests have steadily risen since the late 1990’s, police officials said. Gang-related violence has become common ....
“ ‘We keep arresting people and seizing drugs, but they just keep coming,’ said
Give Us Your Low-Wage Huddled Masses
By John Vinson
They have no shame. Cheap labor interests, once again, are trumpeting their insatiable demand for endless immigration. Their latest blast sounded all around the country, courtesy of The Washington Post. On its front page, the Post ballyhooed a study which claimed that mass immigration is necessary for economic growth. The study, by the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University, was commissioned by the Business Roundtable, a cheerieading lobby for cheap labor.
The report claimed that we must have more immigration because legal and illegal immigrants were half of new workers dunng the nineties. But this statistic does not prove the new workers were necessary for prosperity, or that more immigrants are necessary now Significantly, the Post story came as the official tally for unemployment rose to si* percent. 'Ibis was a total of 8.5 million out -of-work Americans, the highest total in nine years.
Is the Business Roundtable considering them as potential workers? Probably not.
They might ask for decent wages. The beauty of mass immigration for the barons of cheap labor is that it relentlessly drives wages down. It’s the old law of supply and demand.
“Low-skilled immigrant workers,” notes University of Illinois economist Barry Chiswick, “have put downward pressure on the labor market which lowers the wages for low-skilled native workers. This has contributed to the widening of the earnings gap in the United States.” In the black community, where the unemployment rate of 11 percent is almost twice the national level, the impact of low-skilled immigration is particularly felt.
Middle-income Americans, however, are not immune to loss of opportunities and wages due to immigration. The infamous H-1B program, which employers use to import foreign high-tech workers, is a case in point. The workers are supposed to be temporary, fait the majority end up staying permanently. Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich called the H-IB program, “a major means of circumventing the costs of paying skilled American workers or the
	M		
			m
			
			
m			
John Vinson, editor of Immigration Watch
costs of training them.” Economist Milton Friedman noted, “There is no doubt that the program is a benefit to . . . employers, enabling them to get workers at a lower wage, and to that extent is a subsidy.”
To what extent is immigration harming American wage-earners? A recent study by Columbia University economists Donald
January 2003
Chief James D. Chadwick of the Dalton police, ‘We’re in a boat with a big hole. We can keep bailing, but the hole’s still there’.” Our elected officials in Washington neither acknowledge nor address the drugs and related problems which are unleashed by uncontrolled Mexican immigration. Washington’s answer is another amnesty or a disguised amnesty called a guest worker program; they refuse to plug up “the big hole.”
According to The New York Times investigation, this ever growing drug and crime problem imported from Mexico is not limited to just the northwestern portion of Georgia. “Dalton is by no means alone. From Alaska to South Carolina, law enforcement officials said Mexican traffickers have taken advantage of spreading Mexican immigration and freer North American trade to establish themselves as the dominant wholesale suppliers of illegal drugs across much of the United States.
“The officials said the shift, to which the Mexicans have both displaced other traffickers and opened new markets themselves has meant a steadily more efficient flow of drugs into the United States. . . .” Golden adds that Mexican marijuana and heroin have improved in potency as well as increased in quantity.
The Times reported that rural markets such as Dalton have opened new markets in big cities such as Atlanta, Chattanooga, and Charlotte among others. “The towns offer the cover of hard-working immigrants and a pool of potential recruits among the out of luck and unemployed.” As the unemployment rate continues to rise, more Mexican immigrants become new drug distributors. “By establishing new distribution hubs far inside the United States, the [Mexican] traffickers are also
Continued on page 10
Davis and David Weinstein found that, “the magnitude of losses for U.S. natives may be quite large — $72 billion per year or 0.8 percent of Gross Domestic Product.”
The idea that prosperity requires mass immigration does not stand up to analysis. In a free enterprise economy, a labor shortage is usually self-correcting over a period of time. When it occurs, wages rise (again, supply and demand), and the higher wage level attracts more workers. When workers simply aren’t available, automation and more efficient use of workforces become possibilities. Some businesses may go under, but others will rise in their places.
This dynamic tends to create a more equitable and efficient economy, but it also requires work to make the adjustments. Cheap labor barons don’t want the bother. They want permanent low wages and protection from the stress of change. As Milton Friedman suggested, immigration is a government subsidy for their benefit. Paying the subsidies are average Americans, both as wage-earners and taxpayers. In the latter case, as one illustration, taxpayers pick up the tab when various companies inundate American
Continued on page 10
Middle American News
Page 9
Immigration News Briefs
NEWSBRIEFS
a summary of recent immigration news from AlC
Continued from page 6
Immigration is continuing at record-high levels set during the 1990s, reported the Washington-based Center for Immigration Studies (CIS). Relying on a survey from the Census Bureau, CIS found that more than 3.3 million legal and illegal immigrants came to the United States between January, 2000, and March. 2002.
Despite terrorist threats and a slow economy, said a CIS spokesman, “Interest in coming to America remains high, and the number of people who want to come here is enormous.”
holds Jones to a higher job standard than his predecessors because Jones is black. But the police union is unhappy with Jones, too, complaining that he discriminates against white officers. The union has named Jones in at least eight discrimination suits.
“Mexican drug dealers,” The New York Times reported, “are turning U.S. towns into major depots.” Citing law enforcement officials, a front-page Times article by reporter Tim Golden observed, “From Alaska to South Carolina ... Mexican traffickers have taken advantage of spreading Mexican immigration and freer North American trade to establish themselves as the dominant wholesale suppliers of illegal drugs across much of the United States.” The dealers often recruit Mexican immigrants in local communities to expand their networks of distribution.
To illustrate the situation, the story focused on the city of Dalton in northwest Georgia. Carpet manufacturers welcomed a huge influx of Mexicans, many illegal aliens, during the nineties. Today, as many as a third of greater Dalton’s 45,000 residents are Hispanic. A grand jury of surrounding Whitfield County recendy concluded, “The sad truth is that our community is becoming known as a key area for the distribution and manufacture of narcotics.”
James Tierney, the former attorney general of Maine, said that his state must welcome more immigrants. He maintained that lack of jobs was not the only reason why many young people leave Maine. Lack of “diversity,” he claimed, was another. Said Tierney, “Diversity is an essential element of keeping our kids here. Without diversity, our kids are not coming back.”
The former attorney general noted with approval that Lewiston and Portland have taken in growing numbers of immigrants. He criticized smaller towns in the state for having the attitude that they have enough problems without taking on diversity.
Maine, according to Tierney, should spend public money and make sacrifices to diversify. This would involve changing the way Maine spends on education, housing, law enforcement and social services. One specific proposal was for Maine’s graduate schools to seek foreign students even if their admission limits opportunities for Maine’s young people.
As Tierney made bis comments, the city of Lewiston, Maine, continued to experience problems with the settlement of more than a thousand Somali refugees. Many have obtained public assistance which has placed a strain on the city’s limited resources. Lewiston’s Mayor Laurier Raymond wrote a letter last fall to Somali community leaders asking them to discourage more of their people from coming. Raymond stated in the letter, “Please pass the word. We have been overwhelmed ... our city is maxed out financially, physically, and emotionally.”
The Somalis denounced Raymond for his “bigotry,” and informed him that as legal residents they could move where they pleased.
In Virginia, Attorney General Jerry Kilgore announced that the state should bar enrollment of illegal aliens in state colleges. Tim Murtaugh, a spokesman for Kilgore said, “I don’t think it’s asking too much to ask people to become legal citizens of this country before they enroll in taxpayer-supported institutions.”
But Virginia Gov. Marie Warner was uncommitted on the issue. At what The Washington Post described as “a summit of Latino activists,” Warner said he would form a “task force” to study enrollment of illegal residents. That stand drew strong criticism from Nelson Rios, director of the Virginia Alliance of Latinos Organized for Representation. Rios declared, “I can guarantee you that in the minds of the Latino community, the issue of whether their children can go to college is more important than [anything else]. This cannot wait for a task force.”
The Post repented, however, that the governor “won over” many in the audience by speaking in Spanish during part of his speech. He remarked, in reference to people who couldn’t understand that segment, “If you don’t know Spanish, learn it.”
Virginia’s Hispanic population, now five percent of the population, has grown 106 percent during the past ten years. The Post called the Latino summit “a political breakthrough” for... [this] fastgrowing immigrant community.”
The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF) is supporting efforts in Georgia to allow illegal aliens to obtain driver’s licenses. MALDEF said that allowing illegals to get licenses will promote public safety. The organization claimed they would become better drivers by studying for license teats.
Critics maintained that illegal aliens shouldn’t be in Georgia in the first place. They noted that driver's licenses enable illegals to obtain other documents and access to government services.
Chris Bkncox, owner of the county newspaper in Tombstone, Arizona, has organized a citizens’ organization, Civil Homeland Defense, to protect American property owners on the Mexican border who are harassed and threatened by illegal aliens. The citizens complain that the Border Patrol and other law enforcement are unable to provide them adequate security.
in an editorial, Simoox said, “Enough is enough,” and called for volunteers to help patrol private and public lands. Approximately six hundred people showed interest. To be accepted, they must pass the felony background check required to obtain a concealed weapon permit. They will carry defensive
Continued on page 10
Mexican Officials To Manipulate U.S. Politics
Mexico Foreign Minister Jorge Castaneda said his country would begin a “bottom-up campaign” by using its consulates and employees in the U.S. to meddle in America’s internal political affairs on behalf of President Vicente Fox’s demand that the U.S. grant amnesty to the millions of Mexicans living here illegally. Castaneda said Mexican officials will begin rallying unions, churches, universities and Mexican-American communities to convince U.S. politicians to meet Mexico’s demands. “What’s important is that American society sees a possible migratory agreement in a positive light,” he said. “We are already giving instructions to our consulates that they begin propagating militant activities in their communities.” Any normal government would defend its people by quickly expelling foreign officials engaged in that kind of political activity, but in the U.S., government officials work for left-wing and business interests, not the American people.
Look Who Exploits Illegals
Three citrus contractors in Florida were sentenced to 12-year prison terms for enslaving illegal alien farm workers, threatening them with violence, and holding them hostage over alleged debts. The three men employed more than 700 workers, many of them illegals from Mexico. The convicted men, including brothers Ramiro and Juan Ramos, are Mexican immigrants.
Telling Example
Robert King, 50, was held in Brevard County jail in Florida last month on $75,000 bond after police charged him with lewd and lascivious molestation of several boys aged 10 to 12, all members of his Boy Scout troop. Police said King exposed himself to the boys and showed them gay pornography. People with King’s alleged sexual tastes are the kind of scoutmasters that the ACLU, corporate journalists, politicians, movie stars, and assorted leftwingers hope the Scouts will hire throughout the country.
Multiculturalism at Work
One of the blessings of multiculturalism is having a multiplicity of medical practices. After all, medical treatments vary from culture to culture. In Santa Ana, California, 48 year-old Reina Isabel Chavarria and her assistant, Margarita Montes, 28 (both of whose national origin was unreported), were charged with involuntary manslaughter and practicing medicine without a license following the death of an El Salavadoran immigrant whom they treated for a skin rash. Authorities said Roberto Caceres, 54, died after Chavarria and Montes gave him unusual medical advice and injections containing vitamins and a steroid. Chavarria charged $310 for advising Caceres to dig a hole “where nobody could see him” and bury himself for two hours a day. Caceres’ son said the “treatment” only aggravated the rash, which reportedly prompted the would-be docs to administer the injection. Chavarria reportedly advertised her powers as a healer on nationally-syndicated Spanish language radio. An investigator told reporters that Chavarria operated a “very profitable” business, with at least 20 customers a day.
V______________________J
J<uuuhy 2003
Pape tO
Middle American News
From page 8
“X From page 8
Low Wage Huddled Masses
“We’re In a boat with a hole.
Xf
posing new problems for undermanned rural police forces and for federal agencies like the Drug Hnforcement Administration .,,
Golden reveals that the vast Mexican drug cartels reach from Hawaii to the "Central Valles of California to the Northwest and the Midwest where the drug traffickers hide among fruit pickers in Washington [state], resort workers in Colorado and construction workers in Minnesota. . . . Mexican traffickers have begun growing marijuana in national forests.
“Like the Los Angeles street gangs that helped spread crack in the late 1980's, Mexican traffickers have followed the interstate highways to the
Southeast, feeding a surge in methamphetamine_____They have also built bases
m New York, Florida, and other former strongholds of Colombian dealers.” Since 1the amnesties of millions of illegal Mexicans have fueled the alarming growth of Mexican drug traffickers in the U.S. and, as Golden reported, "energized by the loosening of North American trade [NAFTA], the traffickers have... taken advantage of the freer movement of Mexican trucking into the United States and even shifted production closer to consumers."
Another amnesty* especially of Mexicans, will no doubt further inflate the number and scope of Mexican drug traffickers geometrically and the criminal activity of users exponentially.
American families can no longer afford or tolerate the continuous tidal waves of Mexicans which have spawned vast networks of Mexican drug traffickers.
If we don't stop this insanity, our beloved country will be turned into the lawless society that is called Mexico.
communities with legal immigrants and illegal aliens to work in their plants. The companies skim the benefits of cheap labor and leave the communities to pay the bills for the newcomers’ health care, welfare, schooling, crime and infrastructure use. Corporate welfare is a good name for the arrangement.
How sad it is that our profiteering barons can see nothing above their bottom line. If they could they might reflect on the future of a country, where wage depression pushes a growing
segment of population lower and lower, thus widening the gap between haves and have-nots. This economic divide and cultural diversity (which will never he our strength) portend real trouble. It is a Third World future where the American Dream will have no more substance or reality than a dream.
The barons, though, don’t care about the consequences. And because they don’t, true Americans shouldn’t care either when these miserly cash-hounds plead their greed for more cheap labor.
Immigration News Briefs From page 9
sidearms, but will not wear uniforms. The goal is to deter illegal entrants, including drug traffickers. The organization will make citizen’s arrests if necessary and hold the individuals arrested for the Border Patrol.
The Los Angeles Times reported that the United States is planning to fund construction of a frontier fence and checkpoints to make the border of Afghanistan more secure. The goal of the proposal is to stop the flow of drugs, contraband and terrorists into that Central Asian country. U.S. Ambassador William B. Taylor said that it is important for Afghanistan to enjoy a higher degree of security. A 12,000-strong border police unit will patrol the fence.
Currently the United States has no plans to fence a significant extent of its own border. The U.S. Border Patrol has about 10,000 agents.
»
M.A. News Available in Bulk Quantities for Mass Distribution
Clip and Send to: Middle American News Distribution Center P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
(Please use address on this coupon for all bulk orders. Thank you!)
Buy bulk quantities of M.A.News at reduced rates and help spread the word!
□ YES, I want extra copies of the January 2003 issue of Middle American News.
Name
Address
Cttv/State/Zip
(For UPS delivery 9 street address only, no P.O. Boxes)
Telephone
(In csss tea have questions about your order)
O 10 copies for $7,00 Q 25 copies for $13.00 O 50 copies for $18.00 0 100 copies for $30.00
Enclosed Is a check for
I..H____I Send me the
number of copies of ths January Issu# IVe chscksd.
(No charge tor shipping.)
SPREAD THE WORD!
Order bulk quantities of
MIDDLE
AMERICAN MK W9
Use This Coupon to Order! We Pay Shipping!!
I tumor y 2003
Page i 2
Middle American News
••• VIEWPOINT •••
mS8SNE11J5'
Editor Jerry Woodruff
Contributors:
Phil Kent Brent Nelson Brendan Long Robert Goldsborough Chilton Williamson Jr.
Wayne Lutton John Vinson
Published Monthly by Middle American Institute, Inc.
$2.00 per issue, $17.00 per year subscription.
To subscribe, send check or money order payable to: Middle American News P.O. Box 20608, Raleigh, NC 27619 website: www.manews.org
The issue today is the same as it has been through-ami mil history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite.
Thomas Jefferson
Opinions expressed in Middle American News are those of individual authors, and not necessarily the views of Middle American Institute, and are not intended to influence elections.

Readers’ Forum
An Appreciative Liberal
1 feel I should explain why I am contributing a bit more than required to renew my subscription to your paper for two more years.
I am neither a Republican nor a conservative. I am an old fashioned liberal who has become disillusioned, even disgusted, with the extremes to which the Left has taken us in our government, our media, and in our schools. I am still pro-choice, pro gun control, and passionately for the separation of church and state. Hence, I disagree with some of the positions you represent. But I find that in your views of immigration and the hypocrisy of much that passes for liberalism, you reflect views that I have come to hold on my own over the past ten years.
1 appreciate being able to read stories one never sees in the mainstream press, or hears about on National Public Radio, which has become so biased, so pro-Muslim, so anti-American and white-bashing, that I find much of it impossible to listen to now. As an independent voter, 1 am giad you exist. Please continue to bring us the facts.
AfcTL
Cary, North Carolina
Infuriated by Immigration Policy
It is infuriating to see photos of the snipers* victims and their families and realize that one of the accused killers should not even have been in this country. Every American remains a target for the world** criminal* and terrorists who can enter and murder at will because the government refuse* to protect our border*.
John Lee Malvo should have been deported immediately a* is the required procedure for a stowaway. Therefore, responsibility for the sniper carnage in the Washington, D.C., area must be placed on the Immigration and Naturalization Service, Congress, and President Bush. Hundreds of thousands of illegals have walked across our borders since 9/11 - giving us one of those serial killers and paralyzing communities with fear.
Worse: Why won't the national media report on illegal immigration and it# deadly impact on our country? No one
in that media writes about this as millions of illegal keep prancing across our borders. And many cities are recognizing the illegal aliens’ matricular consular cards. Therefore our country is being undermined by our own leaders because Congress does nothing to deport the more than 8 million illegals in our country.
The time has come for U.S. troops to be put on the border to stop what can only be described as an invasion. It is indeed that serious.
Mr. R. L.
Louisville, Colorado
The Real Problem
Immigration is a symptom, not the root problem.
The root problem is the aggressive corporate agenda that occupies the American government. The U.S. government does not want an honest government in Mexico or South America that would rebuild those nations so that their citizens would stay home. No. The government in Washington, D.C., wants to force everyone onto the global plantation for the sake of the international banking cartel.
To defeat this global vision, the true Christian conservatives must articulate a new vision of a Christian commonwealth where nations can be sovereign but will relate to one another as brother and sister nations.
A good start for this new vision might be in the study of these books, “What the Anti-Federalists Were For,” by Herbert Storing, and “Return to Sanity,’’ by G.K. Chesterton.
The point being that without a total vision or worldview based upon the revealed law of our Lord, the conservatives will continue to wander in the wilderness as the godless Leviathan continues to grow.
Mr. A. B. G, 111
Location Unidentified
Question# Diversity
Are we naive enough to believe that a planet comprising billions of humans can devise a one-world system where everyone will just settle down into a peaceful
lifestyle, all thinking alike, believing alike, content to love one another? I don’t think so. People are just too diverse, and each culture has its own lifestyles, beliefs, and customs.
America has enough problems right here within our own borders trying to pacify the myriad cultural groups and races, while we are trying to impose our way of life and style of government on those who differ from us completely. Why don’t we just get our own house in order, determine our own pathway in living before we attempt to convert the other inhabitants of the world to our way of life?
At present, we can’t agree on the basic principles and ideals of our Founders and the Constitution they constructed with God’s help. Does America have any heroes anymore? I’m having my doubts. There are dozens of factions pulling in different directions in this country, each with its own ideals and culture. It was predicted long ago that a true democracy will never survive very long.
This is why our Founders established a republic instead, but they were not burdened with a hundred different cultures on hand at that time like today with our borders open wide to millions of illegal aliens from all over the world.
1 pray we survive a bit longer.
Mr. S.E.J.
Suffolk, Virginia
---------------------- Letters	--------------------
Readers Forum
Middle American News P.O. Box 20608 Raleigh, NC 27619
Phone: 919-839-1001 Fax: 919-839-2181
Email address: manews@manews.org Visit our new website: www.manews.org
(Letters may be edited tor space and clarity.)
January 20tkl
Middle American News
By Elizabeth Howard
Washington Correspondent
Sowing Discord. Not only is Sen.
Patrick Leahy i P \ T) a proven liar, but he seems to be actively working to break down the traditional civility that governs the “world's most exclusive dub" — the l.S. Senate.
Last year. Leahy lied to both Strom Thurmond iR-SC) and Orrin Hatch (R-UT) about allowing votes cm two judicial nominess from their states. A week after the election, he launched a vicious attack on Sen -Elect Saxby Chambliss (RCA). Too gutless to do the deed himself, Leahv declared through a flunky that he was “sickened” by Chambliss's victory, calling Chambliss “a draft-dodger who attacked Sen. [Max] Cleland [ D] on his patriotism ' Both parts of that statement are demonstrably false — it is documented that Chambliss was not drafted because of a bad knee, and even the notoriously leftist Atlanta Journal-Constitution absolved him of the latter accusation, declaring last June that the charge was “a device to put Cleland’s voting records off-limits." (Cleland's loss of three limbs to a grenade in 'Nam has never been fully explained, and some suspect carelessness played a role. Nevertheless, Democrats never tire of trotting “war hero” Max out in his wheelchair to display their party’s alleged commitment to the military.) Leahy, incidentally, lists no military service in his own biography, and supported an avowed draft-dodger (Sen. Clinton’s husband) against a genuine war hero. Sen. Bob Dole, in 1996. Bottom line: Leahy is understandably frustrated that he’s lost his Judiciary chairmanship and can no longer block Bush’s judges, but this dog-in-the-manger viciousness will not help the already strained atmosphere in the nearly-even Senate....
Stolen Seat? Although John Thune (R-SD) has serious questions about his 524-vote loss to Sen. Tim Johnson (D), he did not seek a recount, believing it would not change the outcome. That disappointed his supporters, especially after a Democratic operative was targeted for arrest for allegedly forging absentee ballot applications. In addition, highly questionable returns from Shannon County alone might provide the margin of difference. The state’s election supervisor said it was not uncommon for election workers to make duplicate ballots if the originals could not be read by the counting machine — yet another fertile field for fraud that Thune declined to challenge Thune, personally recruited by President Bush for the Senate race, will unquestionably get a cushy administration job as a consolation prize. One rumor has him becoming Secretary of
Agriculture___
Far Left of the %Mainstream." Republicans must have wanted to dance in the aisles when House Democrats chose Rep. Nancy Pelosl (CA) to replace Dick Gephardt (MO) as their minority leader. Pelosi’s San Francisco district gave 11% of its votes in the 2000 presidential race to Al Gore. 8 percent to Ralph Nader and I 5% to Bush. There are few more extreme liberals in the House — or anywhere else, for that matter. Two years ago, Peiosi voted to revoke the Boy Scouts' federal charter because the organization “discriminates” against homosexuals (the bill lost by a 362-12 margin). Further, she was caught just before the election running a second political action committee to illegally double the amount of money that could be given to leftist candidates. Pelosi's elevation “is great for the party and great tor our community” crowed David Mixner, a homosexual activist who worked in the Clinton White House It can be “great” for Republicans, too, it they play their cards right „ Rep. Martin Frost (TX), who was billed as the “moderate” alternative to Pdosi,
Capitol
Offenses
om the Dome
backed out when it was clear that she had a majority of
votes. Frost has a 100%. rating from the National
Abortion Rights League, 93% from the NAACP, 100%
from the homosexual Human Rights Campaign, 4%
from Citizens Against Government Waste and a grade of
F from the National Rifle Association — and he said
Peiosi was “too liberal”!... Rep. Steny Hoyer (MD),
who describes himself as “progressive” (meaning
liberal) is the new minority whip, the number two post;
Robert Menendez (NJ) beat Rosa DeLauro (CT) for
caucus chairman; James Clyburn (SC) is vice-chair, the
first black in the Democratic leadership ranks, beating
out Zoe Lofgren (CA) and fellow Black Caucusite
Gregory Meeks (NY) in what was feared would be a
racially divisive contest. As a sop to “centrism,” Peiosi
named less radical John Spratt (SC) as her assistant....
A special committee is studying the possibility of adding
a second vice chairman to the Democratic House
leadership. Although the party won’t admit it, the second
seat would serve as a quota slot to guarantee a leadership
post to a minority member and help avoid possible race-
*
based discontent from the Black and Hispanic Caucuses....
Lying No Bar to Leadership. On the GOP side, Deborah Pryce (OH) was chosen chairman of the House Republican Conference. During a bruising nomination battle for her seat in 1992, Pryce pronounced herself an opponent of abortion. Then, within two weeks of her victory, she suddenly became “pro-choice.” She succeeds Republican J.C. Watts (OK), who has retired from the House, but left the door open for a possible future Senate run....
Quiet Infiltration. On November 19, the Senate approved the nomination of an open homosexual to the National Security Education Board. Arthur James Collingsworth, former national treasurer of the Log Cabin Republicans, was Bush’s sixth “gay” nominee, and was confirmed on a voice vote, leaving no messy roll call for senators to explain.... Another homosexual, Stephen Herbits, has been hired as a consultant to the Pentagon, where he was a special assistant to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld during the early days of this Administration. Before assuming his new post, Herbits lashed out at Sen. TVent Lott (R-MS), charging that Lott was “corrupt” because he halted consideration of Defense appointments for a time because Herbits refused to hire a former aide. “1 interviewed the candidate and found that he was not qualified,” Herbits told the homosexual Advocate magazine. “It was clear that the candidate was applying only to protect one of the shipyards in Lott's state. That's not the kind of appointment 1 can recommend.... Lott called IRuinsfeldj and told him he was offended by my conduct....” Herbits is believeablc here, since Lott has packed pork in appropriations bills for decades to benefit Mississippi shipyards, and his stand against this kind of influence peddling is admirable..,.
Race is All. The Congressional Black Caucus is tripping badly over its own hypocrisy about that boatload of Haitians that arrived so unceremoniously
and illegally in Miami last October. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX) and Carrie Meek (D-FL) stated in a letter to the Wall Street Journal that these people are legitimately seeking asylum from “persecution” in their native land. But Haiti is run by Jean-Bertrand Aristide, whose presidency the Caucus supported wholeheartedly after he was deposed in a coup in the mid-90s. And it was the Caucus that pressured Bill Clinton to use American troops to restore him to power there. The CBC invited Aristide to be an honored guest at its gala dinner just weeks before the boat’s arrival, and still condemns the Bush Administration for withholding non-humanitarian aid due to “human rights” concerns over his stewardship of that miserable island.... Rep. Julia Carson (D-IN) stormed out of a debate just before the election, complaining that her Republican opponent was running the most “repulsive” campaign she had ever known. She claimed “racism” was behind the use of unflattering photos of her, and about an alleged “whispering campaign” that she was anti-Semitic. (The latter demonstrates her fear of going the way of Earl Hilliard (D-AL) and Cynthia McKinney (D-GA), who were unseated in primary races that became battlegrounds between Jewish and Arab money and interests.) She also whined that her chronic lateness in paying property taxes was due to her mother’s terminal illness — even though her mother has been dead for more than a decade. Nevertheless, Carson easily won, to the surprise of absolutely no one....
Political Prostitution. When he crossed the aisle to give them control of the Senate, Democrats and their sycophantic media hailed Sen. Jim Jeffords (R-tumed-I-VT) as a man of “principle.” As soon as the 2002 election results were in, according to the Washington Times, this “honorable” man was offering to caucus with the GOP again if he could just keep his precious chairmanship of the Environment and Public Works Committee. (Jeffords denies the report, but the Times stands by its story.) Republicans are notoriously soft, but even they aren’t stupid enough to reclasp this particular viper that close to their bosom....
Shocked! It was impossible not to laugh at Democrats like Daschle professing to be offended by “pork” and special interest provisions inserted in legislation which created the Homeland Security Department. Such add-ons are attached to every “must-pass” bill, and the acknowledged all-time expert in crafting such waste is Sen. Robert Byrd (D-WV). Their cry echoes the classically phony protestations of the Prefect of Police in Casablanca that he was “shocked...shocked to find gambling going on” at Humphrey Bogart’s nightclub, even as he was pocketing his own winnings....
Vote Bait. In the last month of the 107th Congress’s regular session, some 200 bills were introduced by cynical pols who knew that no votes would ever be taken on them, but that they could be touted in the campaign as efforts to get something done. It’s no coincidence that those in the tightest races — Sens. Paul Wellstonc (D-MN) and Tim Hutchinson (R-AR), Reps. Connie Morelia (R-MD), Paul Kaiyorski (D-PA),
John Thune — were multiple offenders in this category. It’s a shame that these people think such tactics can pull the wool over the eyes of their constituents — and even more of a shame that they are so often right....
The Benefits of Multiculturalism. Two supporters of u politician in India have offered to let themselves be whipped in public because the pol failed to keep an important campaign promise. Maybe the United States does have something to learn from the Third World.
January 200T
What Stinks About Washington
He was an ancient among the boys of the Greatest Generation. Thirty-nine years old, a sitting judge at the time of Pearl Harbor, he resigned from the bench and volunteered for the 82nd Airborne, the bravest of the brave.
On D-Day, he crash-landed in a glider in France, hours before the Higgins boats hit the beach, and helped liberate Ste. Mere-Eglise. Days later, he was photographed driving a military vehicle that had lately been the property of the Third Reich. Decorated for wounds and valor, he was with the Army unit that liberated Buchenwald.
He was Lt. Col. J. Strom Thurmond. As governor of South Carolina in 1948, he was the nominee of the States Rights Party, the Dixiecrats who bolted Truman’s Democratic party over civil rights. “Strom,” as America would come to know him, carried only four states.
Elected to the Senate as a Democrat, he became the nation’s most famous segregationist. For 23 hours, he filibustered the 1957 Civil Rights Act and stood with Barry Goldwater to vote “no” on the Civil Rights Act of 1964, bolted the party again and was crucial in leading the South into the Nixon camp at the Miami convention.
But as segregation died in Dixie, Strom adjusted. He courted black voters, hired black staffers, urged the nomination of black judges.
Last week, the grand old man was feted at a 100th birthday party at which the new majority leader, Trent Lott of Mississippi, declared: “I want to say this about my state. When Strom Thurmond ran for president, we voted for him. We’re proud of it.
And if the rest of the country had followed our lead, we wouldn’t have had all these problems over these years, either.”
The words were said in gracious tribute. But the malicious saw opportunity. Tom Edsall of The Washington Post dug up 54-year-old Thurmond quotes (“All the laws of Washington and all the bayonets of the Army cannot force the Negro into our homes, our schools, our churches”), then phoned around to elicit the “outrage” he had sought t6 incite. As ever, the Left and a few neoconservatives were delighted to contribute.
“Oh, God,” wailed William Kristol, whose old man, Irving, has not yet apologized for having been a Trotskyite two decades after Lenin and Trotsky began the extermination of Russian Christians.
David Frum., cashiered White House speechwriter, Jonah Goldberg of National Review and Andrew Sullivan piled on, parading their moral credentials by kicking Lott when he was down.
A1 Gore, whose father voted with Strom to kill the Civil Rights Act of 1964, called Lott’s tribute a “racist statement” and said he must resign. “It is not a small thing for one of the half-dozen most prominent political leaders in America to say that our problems are caused by integration and that we should have a segregationist candidate.... That is divisive, and it is divisive along racial lines.”
No, Al, it is you, with this malicious twisting of what Lott said and meantT who is mining the rich vein of racist politics. For keeping the races polarized and black folks believing Republicans want resegregation, or worse, is how you “energize the base.” In 2000, Gore suggested at a black church that what Bush meant by strict construction of the Constitution was to go back to when “some people were considered three-fifths of a human being.”
Smelling blood, Jesse Jackson called for Lott’s ouster. Lott, he said, “is an unrepentant Confederate who cannot speak for all Americans.” But Trent Lott can surely speak for Mississippi. Who ever elected Rev. Jesse to speak for anybody?
“Lott’s statement is the kind of callous, calculated, hateful bigotry that has no place in the halls of Congress. His remarks are dangerously divisive,” said Kweisi Mfume of the NAACP, doing his best to deepen that division. Put Mfume’s comment alongside Lott’s and decide for yourself which manifests “hateful bigotry.”
When Democratic leader Tom Daschle suggested that Lott meant no harm. Black Caucus Rep. Maxine Waters landed on him with both feet. A scorched Daschle hurriedly saw the light. Lott’s words, he said, “were offensive to those who believe in freedom and equality.”
Trying to stem the tide of venom coming his way, Lott offered an apology: “A poor choice of words conveyed to some the impression that I embraced the discarded politics of the past. Nothing could be further from the truth, and I apologize to anyone who was offended by my statement.”
But the bleating of sheep only excites the gathering wolves, and the clamor grows for a full grovel, or resignation. What we are witnessing is the lynching of a good man who made a bad choice of words in a birthday tribute to an old man whose sins are no more scarlet than those of the rest of us. It stinks to heaven, but it is what passes for morality in Washington.
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Pat Buchanan
Where Intolerance is a Virtue
The meeting of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has just ended.
Dominant issue: How to cope with the gravest crisis in its history, the scandal caused by hundreds of priests who sexually abused altar boys and teen-agers in their custody and care. The bishops’ statement on the morality of war on Iraq was ignored.
To learn how a respected institution can forfeit its moral authority, one could do worse than conduct a case study of the Catholic Church in America from 1950 to today.
In the 1950s, the church had greater moral authority than any institution. Each year, converts numbered in the scores of thousands. Seminaries were full. Parochial schools could not be built fast enough to instruct baby boomers in the Faith. Mass attendance was at an all-time high. The church was an orthodox institution. When the U.S. bishops spoke, leaders listened. One sermon could cause a city wide boycott of a theater showing a film condemned by the Legion of Decency.
Then came the winds of change. A revolution in beliefs that was anti-authority and anti-tradition swept over the culture. With it came a “sexual revolution” that mocked as absurd and antiquated all the teaching on morality with which the church had been identified.
On matters of sexual morality, Catholicism had been clear for centuries. Sexual love is reserved for marriage. Its purpose, divinely ordained, is procreation of children. Artificial contraception is wrong. Sexual relations outside of marriage are wrong. Homosexual sex is a violation of the Natural Law. Abortion is the killing of an unborn child, and any who procure or participate in an abortion are excommunicated.
The sexual revolution, however, attracted the support of Hollywood and such centers of anti-Catholicism as the academy and press, confronting the church with a challenge. Would she resist and wage culture war, or would she accommodate herself to the revolution to avert a bruising and bloody social conflict?
As the tenets of the sexual revolution flatly contradicted Catholic morality — i.e., it taught that all voluntary sexual acts are morally good and the church has no business seeking to persuade the state to erect its teachings as a basis of law — there was no basis for compromise. If the church believed it had the truth, it had a duty to defend that truth and denounce the sexual revolution as erected upon a foundation of moral lies.
But some priests, having lately emerged from what they thought was a Catholic ghetto, decided not to resist but to find “common ground” with the spirit of the age. They broke with bishops, endorsed contraception, rejected the centrality of sexual morality to Catholic teaching and joined the revolution. They marched for civil rights and demanded we get out of Vietnam. Morality was determined not by who slept with whom but by where one stood on apartheid and the grape boycott. Abortion was wrong, but so, too, was support for the death penalty and opposition to the minimum wage.
The revolution welcomed the defectors, and priests who had made their Faustian bargains with modernity were paid in the coin of the realm, lavish publicity.
The reason for the crisis of the Catholic hierarchy today can be traced to a single failing: For 40 years, priests and bishops have not shown zero tolerance of a culture of dissent, without and within the church, that challenged the truths they were ordained to defend.
Contrast the moral authority of Pope John Paul II, who defied the spirit of the age on contraception, abortion, euthanasia and homosexuality, with that of the U.S. Catholic bishops who sought to “reach out” and “dialogue” with dissenters. Pope John is respected, even by his enemies; the bishops are an embarrassment, even to their friends.
The First Amendment is a marvelous invention. But the church is not run on Jeffersonian principles. Why would a church that asserts to the world that it has the truth that leads to salvation, and has been given the duty to bear witness to that truth, tolerate any dissent inside its own house? Would a physics professor tolerate dissent in his classroom to the law of gravity or Newton’s second law?
How can the hierarchy resolve this crisis? As Ronald Reagan used to say: There are simple answers, there are just no easy answers. And the simple but hard answer is a return to Catholic basics
Priests who abuse children should be removed from the ministry. Seminaries dominated by homosexuals, the “pink palaces” described in Michael Rose’s “Goodbye! Good Men,” should be cleaned out or shut down. Homosexuals no more belong in the priesthood than they do in the Marine barracks or Boy Scouts. Every bishop who sheltered an abuser-priest should stand down or be removed by the Holy Father. And if the Conference of Catholic Bishops is too collegial to discipline its own, hopefully a new Pope will clean out the stable.
Moral authority is like muscle tissue. Unexercised, it dies.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
P*ge 14
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Some Genocide Better Than Others?
The Confederate flag and most other white Southern symbols have been stripped down from almost all public monuments in the South and whatever other parts of the country might once have sported them, but white-haters still can’t let it go. The most recent installment of white-hatred comes from Vanderbilt University, where a black professor is braying advocacy of something close to the outright genocide of white Southerners.
Jonathan David Farlev is an assistant professor of mathematics at Vanderbilt and apparently spends more time calculating how many whites should decorate the local lampposts than at what the school supposedly pays him to do. The latest spillage of the waste products that pass for his political ideas appeared in the Nashville Tennessean.
Farley wrote that “every Confederate soldier... deserved not a hallowed nesting place at the end of his days but a reservation at the end of the gallow s ' Interpreted literally, and you can bet your Confederate nickels that’s how Farley wants it interpreted, that means Farley would have liked to murder several hundred thousand to a million white Southerners and thereby virtually exterminate whites in the South. It’s not unlikely be entertains the same agenda for whites today.
The United Daughters of the Confederacy, he wrote, is an organization “that honors traitors,” while Confederate Gen. Bedford Forrest was a “19th century Hitler” and modern-day Confederate heritage groups are “the new holocaust revisionists.” “The race problems^ that wrack (sic) the United States to this day are due largely to the fact that the Confederacy was not thoroughly destroyed, its leaders and soldiers executed, and their lands given to the landless freed slaves,” he trumpets. Allen Sullivant, head of heritage defense for the Sons of Confederate Veterans, one of the heritage groups Farley thinks is mdreringnishahlp from “holocaust revisionists,” says the professor is “just one of those people who’s got a real chip on his shoulder.” You perhaps already guessed that.
The professor’s eruption in the Tennessean was hardly his first, however. In 1997, he ran for Congress (as a Green; surprisingly, he didn’t denounce the party’s name as racist) and quickly labeled his two rivals in the Democratic and Republican Parties as “two old white men with identical views.” Actually, that’s probably not an | inaccurate description, but Farley probably also thinks they should be executed along with the Confederate veterans.
A clue to where Farley is coming from is that his real hero is Che Guevara, and his photograph on the university’s webpage shows a grim-faced Farley with arms folded across his chest trying his best to look like a melanoid Benito Mussolini in front of a picture of Che. You have to wonder if anyone has ever tried to tell the professor that his politics are about 40 years out of date. Probably not, as they’d end up on the gallows.
Farley and the university have been receiving quite a bit of email recently from white Southerners outraged at what he said. No doubt they should be, but the more appropriate reaction to preposterous creatures like him is a good, long snicker. The university's vice chancellor, Michael Schoenfield, is careful to explain to anyone interested in listening that “Professor Farley ... does not represent Vanderbilt University’s policy, and his statements are neither supported nor endorsed by the university.” No doubt we are all refreshed by learning that, but the school has to expect that if it hires great minds like Farley, it will receive more than its own fair share of snickers for worse), as well.
What is a bit more frightening than the desperate and rather pathetic efforts of an unnouceable mediocrity to attract attention to himself is the willingness of both the univershy and the Tennessean to give him a platform at all. If Vanderbilt had a white teacher who posed before a picture of Hitler (or, for that matter, Bedford Forrest) and said the real reason the United States is “wracked” by race problems is that whites didn’t execute all the slaves instead of freeing them and making them citizens, would the university proclaim its neutrality with quite as much nonchalance as it does with Farley? Would the professor espousing such views get to spout them out in the Tennessean!
As such a hypothetical white man, paraphrasing Professor Farley, might write, “The race problems that wrack (sic) the United States to this day are due largely to the fact that universities, newspapers and similar institutions that permit and even encourage the expression of anti-white race hatred have not been thoroughly destroyed, their leaders executed and their assets given to overtaxed whites.” Of course, I neither support nor endorse such ideas myself, but they are worth publishing - don’t you think?
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwwxreutorf.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Dissent From the Zeitgeist
Even before President Bush signed into law the Homeland Security Act this week, creating a governmental behemoth that swallows 22 existing agencies and turns them into one giant fist poised to crush civil liberties, the national media knew very well what the law that stitched together the new department meant.
Here is what the Christian Science Monitor reported about the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on Nov. 21, two days after the Senate followed the House in passing the law:
“Make a call from a pay phone at the ballpark, and it may be tapped. Pay for a sandwich with a credit card, and the transaction may wind up in an electronic file with your tax returns, travel history and speeding tickets.
“These are some of the ways that the biggest reorganization of the federal government in half a century could trickle down into the minutiae of the daily life of Americans.”
The question Americans might want to ask, while it is still legal to ask questions at all, is: Why didn’t the press report these trickle-down effects before Congress passed the law?
In fact, some people did discuss the threats to freedom and privacy the homeland security bill represented, myself among them, but most Americans were too frightened of terrorism, too trusting of the federal leviathan and generally too ignorant about the dangers their freedom was facing to pay much attention. But the vast new agency just created is not the only threat they need to worry about. The same day the Monitor was belatedly telling us about the erosion of liberty the new agency will cause. The Washington Times was belatedly reporting that the Pentagon had confirmed that “a high-tech data collection system (that) will monitor credit-card transactions and airline ticket purchases ... is being created to thwart terrorist attacks.” This is entirely separate from the behemoth down the street at the DHS. This behemoth will reside across the river in the Pentagon itself and is demurely named the ‘Total Information Awareness” (TIA) program.
But then again, the leviathan may not really need new laws, vast bureaucracies and secret programs driven by technologies out of science fiction to throttle what remains of American freedom. Already inebriated with the air of the Zeitgeist, prosecutors are starting to crack down — not on “terrorism,” necessarily, but on the dissent and eccentric ideas that are really what worries the architects of the New World Order.
In Great Britain, a newspaper columnist for the Daily Telegraph, Robin Page, was arrested this month on a charge of inciting “racial hatred.” Page, the Telegraph reported on Nov. 22, had spoken at a county fair, arguing that if Londoners had the right to celebrate “black and gay pride,” then rural minorities also had the right to celebrate their own culture. “All I said was that the rural minority should have the same rights as blacks, Muslims and gays,” Page insists.
Shortly after his speech. Page was asked by county police to come down for an interview because of “complaints” they’d received about his remarks. He did, but he refused to answer questions without his lawyer present, and was arrested and thrown in a jail cell. He agreed to answer questions without a lawyer to avoid spending the night in jail. He was then asked if he was a racist and told to report back to the police in January.
Great Britain is obviously a different country, but it shares the same Zeitgeist as this one, and such tales are not far from reality here, either.
Last week in Orange County, Calif., the county prosecutor rounded up a local leader of the neo-Nazi Aryan Nation and two others “suspected of being neo-Nazis,” the Orange County Register reports. They were nabbed allegedly because they possessed “bomb-making materials,” and one had supposedly violated parole by possessing a firearm, but “no specific attack plans are alleged." The real reason for the arrests was blatantly political. Deputy District Attorney Nick Thompson told the paper, “I hope it would have a chilling effect on those people who are sitting on the fence regarding whether to throw their allegiance to racist causes.”
I have little use for “neo-Nazis,” but if prosecutors can openly boast of how they intend to use the law to chill free expression and ideas they dislike, then neo-Nazis aren’t the only ones facing problems. Neither of the arrests in England or in California was the result of the Homeland Security Department or the Total Information Awareness Program — they merely illustrate the Zeitgeist that has descended upon the Western world since Sept. 11, 2001. And they merely foreshadow how these government agencies and programs, among others, will be used in the future. When the Zeitgeist knocks at your door some night, don’t say no one warned you.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Samuel Francis
Moses & Judge Moore vs. Morris Dees
Since that fateful day Dwight Eisenhower named Earl Warren chief justice, the U.S. Supreme Court has been engineering a social revolution.
Seizing legislative power, the court legalized pornography, declared abortion a constitutional right, abolished the death penalty for a generation and prohibited a once-Christian people from paying public homage to their God. Yet, Americans have not rebelled.
Why not? Because they were raised to believe the court was the final judge of what the Constitution says, and to defy it is to dishonor the Founding Fathers. Andy Jackson would have hanged judges like Warren, Brennan,
Biackmun and Douglas as high as Haman.
Missing in our 50-year struggle against judicial dictatorship has been a Sam Adams, with the courage and kidney to go down to the docks and toss His Majesty's tea into the harbor. But in the new chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, we may have found such a man.
Roy Moore, a Vietnam vet, was lately a judge in Etowah County.
Presented a carving of the Ten Commandments, Moore proudly hung the plaque in his courtroom, where it attracted the horrified notice of the ACLU. which found a federal judge to order Moore to take it down.
If the feds want this plaque down, said Moore, tell them to send U.S. marshals to tear it down. Moore’s defiance was electrifying. And Gov. Fob James backed Moore up, saying that if the feds sent in marshals, he, his state troopers and the Alabama National Guard would meet them on the courthouse steps.
The prospect of Janet Reno leading units of the 82nd Airborne to Etowah County to rip the Ten Commandments off a courtroom wall was exhilarating. But a higher court averted a showdown by ruling the plaque could stay.
Moore was a hero across Alabama, and decided to run for chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. Moore won. And the night before he took the oath, he had moved into the rotunda of the judicial building in Montgomery a 5,300-pound block of granite on which was carved the Ten Commandments Moses brought down from Mount Sinai.
Moore’s coup stunned Morris Dees, the McGovemite fund-raiser who runs a racket called the Southern Poverty Law Center. Dees went to court to demand that the commandments be purged. “This monument was snuck in during the middle of the night, and they can sneak it out just as easily,” he ranted, “It’s a gross violation of die rights of the citizens of Alabama.” Since the citizens of Alabama elected Moore and nobody elected Dees, it would seem Dees speaks only for the usual minority of malcontents.
Unfortunately for Dees, a copy, of a confidential letter he sent to a fellow attorney in the case was mailed to the counsel for Moore. In it, Dees revealed himself as a Christian-basher. “You might remember that from the start,” he wrote his colleague, “I was laying our trial theme — i.e., how this was the act of a lone religious nut in partnership with a fanatical church.”
The “nut” is Justice Moore. The “fanatical church” is Coral Ridge Ministries of TV evangelist Dr. James Kennedy. But Dees did find a like-minded U.S. judge, Myron Thompson, who has ordered Judge Moore to remove the commandments within 30 days. Wrote Thompson, “The court is impressed that the monument and its immediate surroundings are, in essence, a consecrated place, a religious sanctuary, within the walls of the courthouse.”
Moore has appealed Thompson’s ruling, and the granite block with the carving of the commandments remains in the rotunda as the Dec. 17 deadline for its removal approaches. The stage is set for a constitutional confrontation.
If Moore refuses to remove the monument, and both sides go up to the Supreme Court, the issue will come down to this: Either the Supreme Court will back Moore and the Ten Commandments will remain in the rotunda — or the court will give a final order to remove the Ten Commandments.
If the judge refuses, U.S. marshals may be ordered to go in and remove the monument. Would Bush instruct U.S. marshals to carry out such an order? Would Alabama Gov. Bob Riley follow Fob James and send the Alabama National Guard to impede the marshals? Would Bush federalize the Alabama Guard or send in U.S. troops to take down the Ten Commandments from the rotunda in Montgomery, with thousands of Christians roaring their enraged opposition?
This one is going down to the wire. And for once, Christians and traditionalists have a champion willing to put himself on the line. The next civil rights revolution in America may be Christians standing up to an anti-Christian bigotry that has captured the third branch of the American government.
To find out more about Patri< k J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web puge at www.creaUtrs.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC,
Pat Buchanan
Say Goodbye to the Golden Land
That 70 percent fall in the NASDAQ and 25 percent decline in the Dow, and the recession and unemployment they produced, have begun to cause major collateral damage to municipal and state budgets.
The Empire State and the Big Apple are staring at a combined deficit of $15 billion, “a crisis of historic proportions,” says The Washington Post. Rudy Guiliani’s successor, Michael Bloomberg, has watched his popularity plummet to 41 percent, as he proposes raising property taxes 18 percent, piling $3 billion in income taxes on commuters, raising subway fares a third and putting tolls on the Brooklyn Bridge.
The salad days of the Clinton Decade, when the tough decision facing mayors and governors seemed to be whether to spend surpluses on raising teachers’ pay or cutting taxes, are over.
The 2001 recession cost 2 million Americans their jobs. It has bitten into tax revenues nationwide and forced higher spending on social services. The bear market has killed the goose that laid those golden eggs called capital gains. And with the U.S. trade deficit over $450 billion, the U.S. manufacturing base — a cornucopia of tax revenue — continues to hollow out.
NAFTA and GATT, the trade deals beloved of the Beltway elite and the multinationals, continue to suck out of America the manufacturing jobs that were the on-ramp to the middle class. This is a central cause of the crisis of upstate New York, over which our pro-NAFTA politicians so copiously weep.
The fat years are over; the lean years are here. While congressmen may have managed to draw up districts so safe that only one in 20 House races is competitive, governors of both parties will spend this present decade on the endangered
species list.
New York’s crisis, however, pales beside that of the Golden State. Having spent California’s cut of Big Tobacco’s future profits — to close a $23 billion deficit in this election year — Gov. Gray Davis is now staring at deficits stretching to the end of his new four-year term.
“Hold onto your wallet,” warns Nancy Sidhu of the Los Angeles Development Corp. LADC projects “a deficit of $6 billion this year, at least $21 billion in 2003-04 and between $12 billion and $16 billion annually for the next six years?’
Adds the Financial Times, “The near-term deficit, approaching 25 percent of California’s annual spending, is the most extreme example of the fiscal blight spreading through other states and down to local authorities.” Davis’ budget crisis can be traced to two causes: loss of 200,000 manufacturing jobs in two years and the devastation wrought to the software industry of Silicon Valley.
But something more ominous is happening to California, akin to what happened to New York after the war. Folks are simply packing up and pulling out. Middle-class Californians, uncomfortable with the radical ethnic changes reshaping the state and weary of the tax load, are leaving for good. In the 1990s, for the first time in history, there was a net out-migration of native-born Californians. Two million left. And as high-income Californians depart, to be replaced by low-wage Latins and Asians who consume more in services than they pay in taxes, California’s deficits will explode. And as Gray Davis tries to salvage social programs by squeezing taxpayers even more, even more taxpayers will join the exodus.
California is inexorably headed for Third World status. Tax rates will have to be raised again and again, but immigrant folks picking fruit, working in kitchens and washing cars do not pay the same amount of taxes auto and aerospace workers did. Somebody has to make up the difference. And that somebody is packing up and heading east.
There is no end in sight to the substitution of a new and different California for the old California we all knew. California remains the first choice of final residence for one-third of the 1.5 million aliens who break into this country every year. In the counties of Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Riverside and Orange, poverty levels soared throughout the 1990s.
Meanwhile, the grandchildren of the Dust Bowl Okies who came west in the 1930s, and the grandkids of the veterans of World War II who came after 1945, are moving to Nevada, Colorado and Idaho. In the last decade, 225,000 left for Arizona. And as those states become more Republican, the Golden State becomes as reliably Democratic as Washington, D.C.
The 1990s were good years for Big Government. In Washington and state capitals, politicians bought popularity and re-election with their unanticipated windfalls of tax dollars. Now the spigot has been cut off. The coming budget wars in state capitals should make for some interesting politics.
To find out more about Patrick J. Buchanan and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICAT E, INC.

Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Gray Lady Spats
with Saloon Hussy
Before we begin, how happy is Dick Gephardt that he never has to take another four-how phone call from Barbra Streisand?
I did not realize how devastating the midterm elections were to liberals until seeing the Great Gray Lady reduced to starting a catfight with Fox News Channel. It has aw to this. The AV»* York Times was in high dudgeon this week upon discovering that Fox News chairman Roger Ailes sent a letter to the Bush White House nine days after Sept. 11. As the corpses of thousands of his fellow Americans lay in smoldering heaps. Ailes evidently recommended getting rough with the terrorists.
One imagines Karl Rove running down the hallway to the president's office waving Ailes' letter and shouting “Mr. President! Mr.
President! 1 have the memo! We’ve got to fight back!”
1 assume it's superfluous to mention that there is nothing illegal about Ailes giving advice to the president — though admittedly, I have not consulted the “living Constitution” in the past 24 hours to see if a new penumbra specifically about Fox News has sprouted. But the Times was a monument of self-righteous indignation because hard news men are supposed to stay neutral between America and terrorism.
Of course, the Times hasn’t been reticent in giving the president advice on the war. (Surrender now!)
New was there much neutrality shown between George Bush and the Nobel Peace Prize Committee. After the Norwegians — who gave us the term “quisling” — awarded former President Jimmy Carter the Peace Prize citing his vocal opposition to President Bush’s war policies, the press sprang to action. The whole chorus began calling this comically inept president one of America’s “greatest.” Good Morning America’s Charles Gibson said Carter had “become, in the opinion of many, the greatest ex-president of modem times.”
MSNBC’s Brian Williams — who worked for Carter — asked a history professor if it was fair to call Carter “the best former president in, at minimum, modem American history, and perhaps, well, I guess, the last 200 years?”
V Absolutely, historian Marshall Frady replied.) On the “Today” show, Katie Couric said: “I mean, it’s so wonderful... and so well-deserved.”
Other great moments in journalistic neutrality include NPR’s Nina Totenberg leaking information about Anita Hill that she got from Sen. Howard Metzenbaum’s staff, and The Washington Post’s Ben Bradlee yukking it up on the phone with President Kennedy and later cheering when President Nixon resigned. .
So it's interesting that the Times viewed Ailes’ letter as an affront to objective jocnmlfffn.
But this was more than the media’s usual insane point that they — the least impartial industry in America — must maintain absolute neutrality between George Bush and the terrorists. The Times went further to imply that by supporting his own country in the war on terrorism, Ailes had unmistakably marked himself as a “partisan conservative.”
If Ailes had written a letter recommending a tax hike, blathering on and on about Ailes' conservative bias wouldn’t have made sense. Instead, he had recommended the harshest measures possible against the terrorists. As far as the Times was concerned, this was the smoking gun of partisanship. The paper railed that Ailes purports to be an “unbiased journalist, not a conservative spokesman.” Fox News is The self-proclaimed fair and balanced news channel.” But now the Times had caught him red-handed, pursuing “an undisguised ideological agenda.” Ailes is secretly rooting for America!
At least we finally have it from the horse’s own mouth. The Times openly admits that the "conservative” position is to take America’s side against the terrorists. Why do they get so snippy when I say that?
This welcome admission went unremarked upon only because it is simply taken for granted that liberals root against their own country. As the Times said of Ailes’ letter, it “was less shocking than it was liberating — a little like the moment in 1985 when an ailing Rock Hudson finally explained that he had AIDS.” We always knew you were traitors, and now you’ve admitted it.
The Times was a whirligig of pointless insinuations — “secretly gave advice to,” “back-channel message” “shocking,” “confirmed yesterday” and “revelations."
(Eager Times readers will have to wait another day for the revelation of “Pinch” Sulzberger ’s SAT scores.) Belittling Fox News is so pleasurable for the Times that it didn’t occur to them that they had given up the ghost on their faux patriotism.
Fox News should agree to admit it is conservative as soon as all other media admit tlsey are liberal. Fox is manifestly closer to the center than the others. On the Tunes’ definition of “conservative” (harsh with the terrorists) and “liberal” (soft on the terrorists), the public is with Fox News. We took a pretty conclusive poll on that a couple of weeks ago. The people, in their infinite wisdom, have spoken.
COPYRIGHT 2002 UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE
Ann Coulter
Beauty Pageants Can Be Murder
Inasmuch as liberals are demanding that Americans ritualistically proclaim, “Islam is a religion of peace,” Muslims might do their part by not killing people all the time.
Recently, the Religion of Peace suffered a PR setback when Muslims in Nigeria welcomed the Miss World beauty pageant by slaughtering Christians in the street and burning churches to the ground. At last count, more than 200 people were dead, hundreds more were injured and thousands were left without homes. Also, the Nigerian contestant’s chances of winning “Miss Congeniality” were dashed.
Leaping at the one chance they had to attract positive press to their country and perhaps begin the process of dragging themselves out of the 13th century, Nigerian Muslims instead chose to hack innocent people to death with machetes in the name of Allah. Pageant officials pulled up stakes and took the show to London. At least the Christian-carving faithful can sleep at night knowing they’ve secured a place for themselves in heaven alongside Mohamed Atta.
One can assume the director of the Nigerian Department of Tourism isn’t too pleased. Winning the pageant site had been an uphill battle from the beginning. Some of the more closed-minded Miss World participants had already begun carping about the upcoming stoning of a Nigerian woman, in accordance with Islamic sharia law.
The president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo, tried to downplay the Muslims’ murderous rampage by cheerfully explaining: “The beauty queens should not feel that they are the cause of the violence. It could happen at any time irresponsible journalism is committed against Islam.” Well, that’s a relief.
It seems an article in a Nigerian newspaper had mused that the Prophet Muhammad “would probably have chosen a wife” from among the Miss World contestants. This upset the practitioners of the Religion of Peace, whose polygamous prophet preferred his wives a little younger — one was 6 years old.
They expressed their displeasure with the article by bludgeoning, stabbing and burning Christians to death. In one part of Nigeria, enforcers of the Religion of Peace commanded that Muslims kill Isioma Daniel, the authoress of the blasphemy. (Overheard at Miss World contest: “Does this make me look fatwa?”)
The New York Times can’t bear to think that their little darlings — angry, violent Muslims — could be at fault in this melee. That makes no sense because Islam is a Religion of Peace. So the Times reviewed the facts, processed it through the PC prism, and spat out the headline: “Religious Violence in Nigeria Drives Out Miss World Event.” According to the Times, rampaging Muslims pouring out of mosques to kill Christians and torch churches resulted from “the tinderbox of religious passions in the country.”
Islam is peaceful, but religion causes violence. Pay no attention to the fact that the most bloodthirsty cult in the 20th century was an atheistic sect known as communism. But that was not “true communism,” just as Muslim terrorists are not practicing “true Islam.” The ironic thing is, liberals would hate Muslims who practiced only “true Islam.” Without the terrorism, Muslims would just be another group of “anti-choice” fanatics.
But these are the good Muslims — the Mumia Muslims, not the Jerry Falwell Muslims. The police step in to try to quell violent Muslims and the Times reports this as “fighting between Christians and Muslims.” Ah, the cycle of violence.
It would be as if a conservative newspaper, with no basis in fact, referred to all murderers as “environmentalists.” Environmentalists Fly Planes Into World Trade Center; Environmentalists Rape Woman In Central Park.
Winning “Best in Show” was the Times’ headline on an article about the Christian missionary shot dead in Lebanon by a Muslim: “Killing Underscores Enmity of Evangelists and Muslims.” This is like referring to the enmity between a woman and her rapist. She hates him, he hates her. It’s a cycle of violence! Except the funny thing about the Christians is, they still love the Muslims.
The Muslims’ main beef with the Christians was that they “destroy the fighting spirit of the children, especially of the Palestinian youth, by teaching them not to fight the Jews, for the Palestinians to forgive the Jews and leave them Jerusalem.” No new data are capable of shaking the Times' faith that Islam is a religion of peace and Christians, as a general matter, deserve to be shot.
The Times seemed to agree the Muslims had a point with the evangelical. In a news analysis, the Times said the missionaries claimed they were merely exposing people to Jesus Christ. “But,” the Times charged in a “j’accuse” tone, “a somewhat more direct goal emerges amid the Web site postings.” They were asking for it. (On the bright side, at least this means the Times is holding the gun innocent in this one instance.) The Christians were caught red-handed committing irresponsible Web postings against Islam.
Fortunately, Christians do not rip out people’s entrails in response to irresponsible journalism committed uguinst Christianity.
COPYRIGHT 2002 UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE
Middle American News
Page 17
CBS Shows How to Really Discriminate
Ann Coulter
The New York Times is in such a lather about Augusta National Golf Club’s ban cm women members, it has briefly interrupted news coverage of “The Sopranos” to write about it.
The alleged outrage over Augusta is not a naturally occurring phenomenon that is simply being reported on by the media. It’s a synthetic scandal cooked up in The New York Times' PC laboratory. One of the best female golfers in the world, Nancy Lopez of the World Golf Hall of Fame, has said she has no problem with Augusta’s policy. But scribblers at the Times have flogged Augusta so relentlessly, it almost seems as if normal people are up in arms over a golf club’s “no girls” policy.
First of all, anyone who compares the plight of women to the plight of blacks is a racist. Only the bizarre anti-sexual psychology of liberals could fail to grasp the insanity of treating gender like race.
Women do not form a separate society that must be integrated into a nation of men. Men and women are ineluctably bound to one another.
They arc also utterly different. Phyllis Schlafly’s point that no one wants to end the tradition of separate bathrooms for men and women is so fundamentally true that there is nothing else to be said. (Except in France, where the practice is common.)
But it is really more than the public should have to bear to watch the last bulwark of legal discrimination in America fume about the membership policies of a private club. The media won’t hire half of America: Republicans.
Stunningly, there is not a single person in any half-important job in the mainstream media who might have voted for Ronald Reagan. That can’t be easy. There aren’t that many people in the country who didn’t vote for Reagan. In 1984, he won the largest electoral landslide in history.
Fittingly, so far the only member to resign from Augusta to protest the exclusion of women is Thomas Wyman, the former chairman of CBS News — specializing in intolerance for half a century. Wyman was never disturbed by the blatant discrimination at CBS. He proudly presided over a club where membership ran the gamut from Walter Cronkite to Dan Rather. Indeed, CBS was so discriminatory and hateful toward Republicans there’s even a book about it: “Bias” by former CBS star-reporter Bernard Goldberg.	j
While privileged enforcers of the ideological Jim Crow system like Wyman received milhon-dollar bonuses, talented young journalists were excluded from Wyman’s elite club. Aspiring newsmen who happened to be Republicans had to find work elsewhere or get used to fourth-floor walk-ups and peanut butter for dinner. Dreams were dashed and careers ended. Hearing Wyman complain about discrimination is like listening to Bob Guccione complain about the bawdy language on prime-time TV.
If he hadn’t resigned in a snit, Wyman probably could have taught Augusta a few tricks of the trade from the most discriminatory industry in the nation. Frankly, Augusta has been going about this in entirely the wrong way.
Point One: Simply deny that Augusta excludes women. Try something like: “Augusta is not exclusive. It’s humanitarian.” This is how CBS’ Walter Cronkite explained the employment of only liberals in the mainstream media: It’s not “liberal, it’s humanitarian.”
Or how about: “We don’t exclude women. I have always believed that if you get women out of the way, then decent, reasonable golfers can play.” Don Hewitt, executive producer of CBS’ “60 Minutes” said: “I’m not liberal.... I have always beheved that if you get the NRA out of the way, decent, reasonable Americans would figure out a way to respect the Second Amendment.”
Point Two: Claim that both men and women think they are excluded from Augusta. Cite ludicrous “studies” proving it. As Lesley Stahl said of the liberal media: "Everybody complains about us, right wing, left wing, Democrats, Republicans. They ail pound on us. They all think we’re unfair to them.” She said “this big huge study” had concluded that “the mainline media is sucked in by the right-wing conspiralonaiisu.”
Point Three: Do not merely exclude women. Denounce them. Call women’s golfing abilities “amateurish and inept” — as CBS’ Bryant Gumbel called Bush’s Middle East policy. Say women golfers are “an oxymoron” — as Gumbel said of “Texas justice.”
Point Four: While openly excluding women, make a big ruckus about any discrimination based on minor, inconsequential differences among men. Commission studies to determine if tall men are getting as much tee time as short men. The glossy magazines won’t allow a single Republican to write for them. But they are consumed with gnef that not enough models of color have appeared on their covers.
Point Five: Patronizingly instruct women to stop whining and go start their own golf course. Then if they do, viciously ridicule it. This is what media elites told conservatives for years. We finally got Fox News, and now they savagely attack it.
This is how an entire industry serving the public interest explains its own continuous aud ongoing discrimination against half the country. Poor little Augusta just wants to exclude girls from a golf club.
COrYUCH I 2002 (JNIVfclUiAl PIUSS SYNDICATE
Media Backs Central Park Rapists
Hoping for a different result, journalists are re-litigating the Central Park rape case in their pages, skipping the fuss and bother of the adversary process. The New York Times recently announced that “so far,” there is “almost nothing to back the original findings of guilt.” That’s if you don’t count 10 videotaped confessions and five guilty verdicts rendered by two duly constituted juries.
But don’t fall for the cheap substitute of a trial by jury when there are one-sided accounts available in the pages of the Times!
As part of the media’s continuing series on how every criminal is innocent, except asbestos manufacturers and abortion clinic protesters, the Los Angeles Times said of the Central Park rapists: “Jurors were swayed by physical evidence during the trial, such as a blond hair apparently from the victim found on one teenager’s clothes. New forensic testing has shown that the hair did not come from the jogger.”
If reporters bothered to do research rather than accepting whatever the “Innocence Project” tells them, they would know that the lone hair evidence used against defendant Kevin Richardson could not possibly have “swayed” the jurors.
According to AP reports at the time, the most powerful testimony about the hairs found on Richardson’s clothes came from a detective who boldly proclaimed: The hairs “could have” come from the jogger. On cross-examination, he admitted that “he could not determine that a hair definitely came from a specific individual.” He also said “that hair could end up on someone’s clothing by casual contact or from being airborne.”
On the other hand, evidence tending to implicate Richardson included this: — He led prosecutors to the scene of the crime. — There were dirt and grass stains in the crotch of his undershorts.
— He confessed on videotape to being at the scene of the attack.— He gave a detailed description of the attack. — He admitted that the deep scratch wound on his cheek was inflicted by
the jogger.
But wait! The “Innocence Project” has produced an llth-hour confession from a sixth rapist, Matias Reyes. Stunning no one but gullible reporters, he claims he acted alone. As is always the case with surprise confessions exonerating others, Reyes faces no penalty for this confession. To the contrary, Reyes is surely the toast of his cellblock — where, by happenstance, he is serving time with another Centred Park rapist, Kharey Wise. The statute of limitations has run on the rape and Reyes is already serving life in prison.
Compare Reyes’ new confession to the videotaped confessions of the five animals back in 1989. Their confessions would land them in prison. These were “statements against interest” in the strongest sense of the phrase. And yet, they still confessed.
Their confessions were tested in court, attacked by defense counsel, and believed by two unanimous juries.
But liberals treat these confessions as laughable frauds. Only Reyes’ literally inconsequential confession is treated like Holy Scripture.
The odds of an innocent man being found guilty by a unanimous jury are basically nil. When the media assert a convict was “exonerated,” they mean his conviction was thrown out on a technicality. Up and down the criminal justice system, guilty criminals are constantly being set free. Evidence of guilt is thrown out at the drop of a hat. Not so, evidence of innocence. The criminal justice system is a one-way, pro-defendant ratchet. So is the media, the difference being, in court, evidence of guilt is not actually prohibited.
Consider only the odds of a false confession leading to a conviction. If the judge believes a confession is not an expression of free will, the confession will be thrown out. If the jury believes a confession is not an expression of free will, the confession will be thrown out. If an appeals court finds the confession was not voluntary, it will be thrown out. If the police fail to read the suspect his Miranda rights, the confession will be thrown out. If the defendant lyingly claims he was not read his Miranda rights and gets some appeals court to believe him, the confession will be thrown out. If the police question a juvenile outside the presence of his parents, the confession will be thrown out. The videotaped confessions of the animals convicted in the Central Park attack were not thrown out. They were admitted into evidence and believed by two unanimous juries.
In 10 videotaped statements, members of the wolf pack implicated one another as well as themselves. They corroborated aspects of one another’s stories. The police obtained statements from literally dozens of teenagers who were in the park the night the jogger was attacked. In the end, only five of those who gave statements were prosecuted for the attack on the jogger.
Consider that when the savages confessed, it was still possible that the jogger would emerge from her coma, remember everything, and identify her attackers with blinding clarity. Of course, if that had happened, we would now be reading copious articles in The New York Times about how head injuries can easily distort memory and render eyewitness testimony unreliable.
It is more likely that the Central Park jogger was raped by space aliens than that Matias Keyes acted alone. But through their loud-mouthed lobbying in the media, criminal defense lawyers are determined to turn these beasts into their latest Sacco and Vauzetti case.
COPYRIGHT 2002 UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE
January 2003
Pap 18
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Lott: Communications Chaos
One is tempted to come to the aid of Sen. Trent Lott simply because of the known insincerity of his critics. One hesitates, however, because the senator himself has resorted to apology rather than explanation.
The point here is the inadequate communication that is characteristic of American politics today. As you know. Lott said in a birthday tribute to Sen. Strom Thurmond that if he had been elected president in 1948, we would not have had all the problems we’ve had to deal with. He had said the same earlier when he was a congressman.
Since Northern liberals believe all things Southern boil down to race, they naturally accused the senator of endorsing racial segregation. The obvious thing would have been for Lott to explain what those problems were we would have avoided if Thurmond had been elected president. He declined to do so. though, and apologized, which, of course, solves nothing. Insincere critics intent cm character assassination are not assuaged by an apology, and the rest of us are still left in the dark as far as knowing what problems he had in mind.
1 myself have no idea what problems he was talking about. It is a fact that it was the adoption of a strong civil-rights plank and the nomination of Harry Truman a strong civil-rights advocate, that caused some of the Southern states to bolt the convention and to nominate Thurmond. So while other issues might have been involved, there is no doubt that defense of segregation was the main fact in the creation of the Dixiecrat movement. But there is also no doubt that while Thurmond in those days was a segregationist, segregation was not the only thing be ever thought about. Matters such as socialized medicine were surfacing, and there was the whole stink over communism and the New Deal, still far from acceptable to many conservatives.
The whole hue and cry over this remark is typical of the low brainpower and lack of ethics characteristic of Washington and the news media. To think that Thurmond might have been a better president than
Truman does not make one a racist. The liberals and the race racketeers who call themselves the civil-rights establishments are just indulging in old-fashioned slandering of a Southerner. It’s too bad he’s not articulate enough and gutsy enough to defend himself. One should never apologize to slanderers or to people too stupid to understand what you are saying.
As for the TV talking heads, most of them are idiots with not the least idea of what the political issues were in 1948. Unfortunately, today political language is used to obfuscate and to confuse rather than to communicate. No politician today follows the advice of Confucius, who said of wise rulers, "... raiding order in the home, they first disciplined themselves; desiring self-discipline, they rectified their own hearts; and wanting to rectify their hearts, they sought precise verbal definition of their inarticulate thoughts; wishing to attain precise verbal definitions, they set to extend their knowledge to the utmost”
I’m convinced that a great deal of public apathy is attributable to the fact that people have now learned that they will leam nothing from the speeches and writings of politicians who favor demagoguery, vagueness and ambiguity. Politicians are as slippery as wet gummy bears when it comes to pinning them down on what they believe or where they stand on a given issue. Most of them have mush between their ears and Jell-O in their spinal cords. That applies to liberals and conservatives alike. This flap will blow over, because the critics are mainly addressing people who don’t give a hoot what they think one way or another. Lott, however, would do well to engage his brain before starting his tongue.
(Write to Charley Reese at P.O. Box 2446, Orlando, FL 32802)
(c) 2002 by King Features Syndicate
Environment is a Central Issue
Charley Reese
Where to Write
Business addresses for columnists appearing in Middle American News:
Phyllis Schlafly Copley News Service P.O. Box 120190
San Diego, California 92112-0190
Joe Sobran
P.O. Box 1383
Vienna, Virginia 22183-1383
Patrick J. Buchanan, Samuel Francis,
or Paul Craig Roberts
Creators Syndicate
5777 W. Century Blvd. Suite 700
Los Angeles, California 90045
Ann Coulter
Universal Press Syndicate 4520 Main Street Kansas City, Missouri 64111
How can 6 billion people sustain themselves without destroying the planet? That’s the central issue of our times.
For some reason, many ideological conservatives are scornful of environmental issues, assuming they are the province of leftists or liberals. In fact, they are the province of all of us and are non-ideological. Only a fool will view the continued degradation of the planet as something that doesn’t concern him. Well, I suppose if you’re planning on dying within the next five years, it really doesn’t concern you. But if you plan to live beyond that time period and care anything about your loved ones who will live on after you, you have to be concerned about environmental matters.
Don’t believe in the magic of technology to solve all problems. It can’t. And don’t fall for infantile sophistry such as “all 6 billion humans would fit in the state of Texas.” The fact that as a mathematical abstraction they could is pointless. They could fit, but not survive, in the space delimited by the boundaries of Texas.
So far as we know, our planet is the only one in the solar system that can sustain life. That is because it is exactly the right distance from the sun and because it has a thin atmosphere and water. To screw up the atmosphere, to pollute the potable water and to allow the topsoil to erode is to commit suicide.
Whether global warming is taking place and, if it is, whether it’s natural or man-caused is beside the point. Pollution is occurring on a daily basis. Underground water supplies in the three greatest food-producing countries — India, China and United States — are being used up. The atmosphere is being polluted.
Politicians in the pockets of big business continue to proclaim that unlimited growth in a finite environment with finite resources is possible. It is not. As fossil fuels and minerals are depleted, . competition for the remaining supplies will intensify to the point of war.
The carrying capacity of land is real, and we are already seeing large migrations beginning to build up as people flee from areas that cannot sustain them to the areas they hope will — but, if too many come, won’t.
Every human being on Earth has a selfish interest in protecting the environment from abuse by corporations and political entities blinded by rapacity. If we have learned anything in the past century it is that laissez faire won’t cut it. Only the power of government can match the power of big business, and only then if an alert, intelligent and ethical people put in public office men and women who won’t be bought. Concern for the environment should cut across all ideological, political, sectional, national, racial and ethnic lines.
The Bible says somewhere, and I’m paraphrasing, what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and to lose his soul? What does it profit a man to make a lot of money and in the process lose the only world in which he can live? Earth is all there is for us. There is no place else to go. The other planets are unlivable, and the nearest star is so far away it is unreachable, science-fiction fantasies notwithstanding.
It’s here that we will either survive as a species or die out. Rather than take a gloom-and-doom approach, we should see it as the great and exciting challenge of our times. Every generation has had to face problems and meet challenges. Ours is to preserve those conditions that sustain life on Earth.
We have to make this the top news story and the No. 1 political issue. There are a lot of positive things we can do, but of course we won’t know what they are until we think more about the environment than we do about entertainment or politics. Let’s put our minds to it before it’s too late.
(Write to Charley Reese at P.O. Box 2446, Orlando, FL 32802) (c) 2002 by King Features Syndicate
Why Democrats Are the Way They Are
It you wonder why the Democratic Party has regressed into sycophantic cheerleading for radical feminist candidates (such as the Hillary Clinton clones running this year), the explanation is in a new book called “Guide to Feminist Organizations.” As Midge Decter says in her foreword, this book is long overdue, and we thank Capital Research Center and author Kimberly Schuld for providing such a useful tool.
By setting forth the facts about 35 feminist groups, this guide clarifies how the radical feminists built their political power so that they are falsely touted by the media as “the voice of women,” even though all polls show that the big majority of women reject the label “feminist.” The feminists did it by organization, networking and lots of money, much of which came from left-wing foundations, corporations headed by weak-kneed executives, and grants of taxpayers’ funds.
The feminist groups detailed in the guide include the noisy activist organizations, the decades-old women’s groups that had respectable reputations until they were captured by the feminists, the think tanks that grind out dubious data to fortify feminist follies, and the abortion-propaganda groups masquerading under the euphemism “women’s health.” Networking keeps them interconnected and well-funded. These groups may appear to have different missions, but they have a common ideology: Women are victims of an oppressive patriarchal society; all men are guilty both individually and collectively; and men who abuse women are not anomalous but typical.
They claim that women’s problems are not personal but societal and require constitutional, legislative or litigious remedies. The liberation of women (from home, husband, family and children) requires government to fill the gap with tax-funded services, lawyers and day care.
First among the activist and advocacy organizations is the National Organization for Women (NOW), which spent $5,292,025 in 2000. Loud and brassy, NOW lobbies for feminist legislation, organizes protest rallies, initiates lawsuits, and always backs Democratic Party candidates and proposals.
The NOW agenda supports all abortion rights including partial-birth abortion, gay and lesbian rights, worldwide legalization of prostitution, and unrestricted access to pornography in libraries. According to the guide, “NOW revels in attacking Christianity and traditional values, conservative ideas and men,” with Rush Limbaugh, Jerry Falwell and Promise Keepers their favorite targets.
Free speech? Forget it; no internal dissent is tolerated NOW demanded that its members give unquestioning support to Bill Clinton despite his shabby sexual shenanigans.
Tammy Bruce, former president of the Los Angeles NOW, spilled the beans about how Bill Clinton bought NOW’s support with taxpayer grants for “tobacco control” from the Department of Health and Human Service: “California NOW and National NOW received three-quarters of a million dollars ($767,099) during the [Paula] Jones and (Monica] Lewinsky scandals.”
The League of Women Voters abandoned its former credibility and became a federally funded lobby to expand the size of government so that it can accommodate expensive feminist programs. The League, which spent $4,620,246 in 2000, supports gun control, abortion access, universal health care, more environmental regulation, and increased power for the United Nations.
The American Association of University Women turned itself into a vehicle to clamor for claims of feminists whose off-the-wall hypotheses aren’t taken seriously in the academic world. The association spent $9,512,044 in 2000.
The feminists use the YWCA to teach radical feminism to the next generation. The Giri Scouts went feminist after they took Betty Friedan on their board; they dropped “loyalty” from the oath, began a condom-friendly sex-ed program, and made belief in God optional.
Most of the activist feminist organizations have 501(c)(3) sister groups with interlocking directors and offices, such as NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund, which had income of $7,318,269 in 2000. They pursue the same agenda, including government-funded day care, paid entitlements for family leave, unrestricted access to abortion, comparable worth, affirmative action, universal health insurance, and antimale implementation of Title IX. As the guide states, “It’s hard to see where NOW political lobbying ends and NOW Foundation education activity begins.”
Funding for feminist foundations comes from many sources that ought to know better. NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund has raked in corporate donations from a long list topped by ABC, AT&T, American Express, Chase Manhattan, Colgate-Palmolive, IBM, Johnson & Johnson, New York Times Foundation, Revlon, Saks, and New York brokerage houses; from Ford, Rockefeller and other wealthy foundations; and $1,678,252 in government grants since 1996.
We hope Capital Research will produce a follow-up guide to detail the direct political expenditures of the feminist network. EMILY’s List, which contributes only to Democratic pro-abortion feminist candidates, put $20 million into political campaigns in 2000 and another $20 million into campaigns this year.
That’s twice as much as the second largest political action committee. Such a vast amount of money explains why Democratic Senators don’t dare to confirm a judge who is pro-life.
The Mourning After the Election
Democrats are going through a process of self-flagellation trying to figure out whom to blame for their Election Day debacle. Some blame their own lack of a message, some blame candidates’ mistakes, some blame fallout from 9/11. The Democrats are having a hard time dealing with the double Bush victory in Florida after Democratic National Chairman Terry McAuliffe had targeted that state as his priority. Jeb Bush’s impressive 13-point margin, combined with Republicans winning a nearly two-thirds majority in both Houses in Tallahassee, wipes out all the sour-grapes whining about President George W. Bush’s narrow win in 2000.
But leave it to The New York Times op-ed page to come up with the most ridiculous reason why the Democrats lost: media bias in favor of the right wing! Paul Krugman’s column the day after the election explained it ‘Talk radio and Fox News let the hard right get its message out to its supporters.”
Krugman must have been reading The New York Times bestseller lists, which reveal the amazing popularity of the books that document the real left-wing bias of the media (Ann Coulter’s “Slander,” Bernard Goldberg’s “Bias,” and books by Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity), and figured that the left can use the same message. But Krugman’s complaint that “some of the major broadcast media are simply biased in favor of the Republicans” doesn’t pass the laugh test.
Krugman’s argument reveals his own liberal bias. Note his choice of words that talk radio and Fox News “let” the right get its message out. I thought the purpose of the media is exactly to let candidates get their issues out for the public to decide. In their search for the cause of their defeats, the Democrats should examine the stranglehold that the feminists exercise over their party, its candidates and its politicians. EMILY’s List, which raises funds only for Democratic pro-abortion feminist candidates, is by far the largest political action committee, and money talks.
The EMILY’s List web site boasts that Sen. Tom Daschle, D-S.D., said, “The reason I’m here today as senate majority leader can be said in two words: EMILY’s List,” and Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said, “I know that I would not... be the Democratic whip of the House without the work that was done by EMILY’s List.”
However, EMILY’s donations, combined with the political contributions of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D-N.Y., came back to sting Democratic candidates in 2002.
It didn’t help EMILY’s List candidate Sen. Jean Carnahan, D-Mo., that she aggressively played the abortion card. Election Day polls conducted by Opinion Dynamics Corp. reported that, after the economy, abortion was the second most important “issue that mattered most” to Missouri voters, and 80 percent of those voted for pro-life Jim Talent. With big bucks for television ads from the National Abortion Rights Action League, Democrat Tom Strickland, a former U.S. Attorney, expensively advertised his support of abortion during the last weeks of his tight U.S. Senate campaign in Colorado. David Hill’s Research Associates of Houston reported that Strickland’s TV spots were counterproductive and had a “rebound” effect that enhanced the strong re-election bid of pro-life Republican Sen. Wayne Allard.
Pro-life conservatives played a huge role in the Republican sweep of Georgia, electing pro-life Saxby Chambliss aver a pro-abortion genuine war hero incumbent. Likewise for the stunning election of the first Republican governor in Georgia in 130 years (another pro-lifer), plus taking more congressional seats than anyone anticipated after redistricting was loaded for the Democrats, and the toppling of the longtime Democratic leaders in Georgia’s Senate and House.
The other candidate EMILY’s List was counting on to play a role in a Democratic Senate next year. New Hampshire Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, bit the dust after flaunting her pro-abortion advocacy. It tinned out that Republican Rep. John Sununu’s pro-life position suited New Hampshire voters better after all.
After the death of U.S. Sen. Paul Wellstone, D-Minn., opened up Minnesota’s seat to former Vice President Walter Mondale, he tried to show his vigor by telling the voters how pro-abortion he is. Contrary to predictions, his career was ended by prolife Republican Norm Coleman. You would think that a Democrat named Shannon O’Brien would coast to easy victory in Massachusetts, even if her style is “unbecoming” (in the tactful word of her opponent). But her extremist pro-abortion positions, including cutting the age of parental consent for abortions to 16, plus rubbing elbows with those well-known advocates of feminist policies, former President Bill Clinton and Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., helped pro-life Republican Mitt Romney win election as governor.
In one of the most encouraging sidelights of the 2002 election, the media admitted that the Kennedy name helped defeat another EMILY’s List favorite hoping to capture a governorship, Democrat Kathleen Kennedy Townsend in Maryland. It must be salt in the wounds of the pro-abortion lobby that she didn’t even carry a majority of women. In the U.S. House, the gain of seats by pro-life candidates exceeded even the unprecedented off-year gain in Republican seats.
The Democrats have figured out that they have been on the wrong side of the gun issue and are trying to crawl back toward common sense, but it is unlikely that they can extricate themselves from their fatal embrace with the feminists.
Phyllis Schlafly
(c) 2002 Copley News Service
Page 20
Middle American News
A Leap Into the Dark
The midterm election has given us evil twins — a Department of Homeland Security and a Middle Eastern war. The unintended consequences will be costly to Americans and come back to haunt Republicans and conservatives.
One hundred government agencies from 22 departments crammed into an unaccountable bureaucracy of 170.000 civil servants creates less security. Many of these agencies have histories of feuding with one another. The feuding and lack of cooperation will be exacerbated by lumping the agencies under the same department name. Shear bulk will not cure the federal government’s inability to protect us from terrorists.
Prior to 9-11, the INS was incapable of keeping Muslim terrorists out of the country. Post 9-11, nothing has changed. Six months after their deaths, the INS issued visas to terrorists who flew the jetliners into the World Trade Center.
The INS is too politically correct to deport known illegals, including Malvo. w ho has gone on to sniper fame. The INS cannot even rid us of illegal rapist-murderers, as documented by "’columnist Michelle Malkin in her new book. Once the INS has a 170,000-person bureaucracy in which to hide, the opportunities for passing the buck will be endless.
“Homeland Security” is Orwellian. To what homeland does it refer?
Americans no longer have a homeland. Deracinated by “multicultural diversity” and turned into a sanctuary for unassimilable Third World cultures, America is a Tower of Babel.
You can forget the “security.” The new bureaucracy will be a department of citizen insecurity. You will have to guard your words, or a thoughtless joke or critical Internet posting could result in a knock on the door from the internal security police.
The Department of Homeland Security will define “terrorist” to fit its needs. Such a costly department will need to justify its budget, and the definition will take on wide latitude. The department’s main achievements will be the diminution of American civil rights, censorship of the Internet and gun control.
Federal police forces will be able to liquidate any group by declaring it “terrorist,” just as Janet Reno exterminated the Branch Davidians by declaring them “child abusers,” and FBI and BAFT agents murdered Randy Weaver’s family by declaring Yum “aimed and dangerous.”
What the neoconservatives pushing Homeland Security and war don’t understand is that our insecurity has as much to do with their policies of multiculturalism, open borders and total commitment to Israel as it does with Muslim terrorists. Americans are under a greater threat from their own elites, who are determined to destroy our identity with multicultural diversity and mass immigration.
Paradoxically, Americans are seeking security by placing themselves under new and dangerous government powers while permitting the Bush administration to foment war in the Middle East.
Removing Saddam Hussein achieves no security interest for the United States. Jews mistakenly believe that American aggression against Iraq will increase Israel’s security. Instead, it will stir a hornets’ nest.
Under Saddam Hussein, Iraq is a secular state. Removing him opens the way for those who want to merge Islam and government. Secular Muslim states are weak, because Muslims are loyal to religion, not to states. Overthrowing states does not overthrow Islam. To the contrary, the mullahs are strengthened by the fall of secular rulers.
Neoconservatives mistakenly believe that the U.S. postwar re-socialization of Japan and Germany, purging the former of militarism and the latter of nationalism, is a model for reconstructing the Middle East. But it took a world war to make Japan and Germany accept defeat and cooperate with the United States.
What if in 1945 the Japanese Emperor had said: “The Americans have defeated us with weapons of mass destruction. Now they come to destroy our culture. Reply to them with terror.”
Today, Muslims respond to U.S. military supremacy with terror. Our viceroys in charge of conquered secular states will be assassinated. The large Muslim populations in Europe and the United States provide bases for terrorists, whose grievances will mount as Americans extend hegemony in the Middle East.
The Bush administration had best cool its jets and come up with a less emotional response to 9-11. Otherwise, future historians will describe Bush as Lord Birkenhead described Stanley Baldwin: “He takes a leap in the dark, looks round and takes another.”
To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com,
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
End of the West in Sight?
When the Soviet Union collapsed a decade ago, neoconservatives proclaimed “the end of history,” by which they meant the emergence of an ecumenical world organized by liberal democracy.
Noting China’s ambitions and the re-emergence of Islam, skeptics regard the neoconservative thesis as little more than an expression of hope. China and Islam aside, powerful developments within the West itself are leading away from liberal democracy.
These developments are both intellectual and political. For example, multiculturalism and the emergence of group rights based on victim status are eroding equality in law, freedom of conscience and free speech. As these are the historic
achievements of liberal democracy, how can the future belong to a system that is undergoing meltdown at its core?
Both the United States and Europe now have crimes of opinion, a defining feature of Oceania in George Orwell’s “1984.” Americans and Europeans are subject to arrest and imprisonment for words judged offensive by the therapeutic state. This frightening departure from Western tradition is justified in the name of curtailing hate and advancing human rights.
While the Western identity is melting down intellectually, it is being dissolved politically. The historic identities of European nationalities are being replaced by an abstraction. Briton,
Frenchman, German, Italian, Swede, Czech, Greek, Austrian, Dane, Spaniard and Dutchman are to become “European” citizens of a new bureaucratic state created by edicts and without a history.
These are not promising developments for liberal democracy. Differences of opinion within homogeneous nation-states have often challenged consensual government, with bitter divisions erupting in national strikes and political violence. Imagine these differences multiplied by aggregating many nationalities into one state.
The politics of the European Union will have to deal not only with the differences of opinion within the separate nationalities, but also with the differences between the different nationalities that comprise the new superstate. Will not consent be more difficult to obtain, thus enhancing the scope for coercion? Will liberal democracy be the model, or will the model be bureaucratic coercion ruling through the same unaccountable edicts that are being used to create the European Union?
Large-scale immigration of people from different cultures is turning the United States as well into a multi-nationalities state. The political emergence of disparate and hyphenated identities reduces the range of issues that can be resolved by persuasion and consent. Coercive regulations already exist to enforce victim-group rights and to regulate speech.
Other developments are eating away at the foundations of liberal democracy. Having lost its national identity to hyphenated populations, the United States can only respond to terrorism with constitutionally suspect legislation, which permits officials to set aside civil liberties, and by empowering a Department of Homeland Security to keep a dossier on every citizen. Only illegal immigrants will have privacy.
Multicultural populations do not possess the comity among citizens that flows from a national identity. Having discarded national identities, the United States and the European Union are multicultural empires. Empires have poor records of self-government and tend to rely on coercion. Liberal democracy is a creation of the nation-state and is unlikely to persist in the emerging multicultural empires.
It was America’s unique achievement to create a national identity out of European ethnicities. When immigration worked for America, all the incentives were for an immigrant to make himself into an American.
Today, the incentives are for immigrants to retain the privileges of preferred minorityhood. A few states go so far as to grant special advantages, such as in-state tuition, to illegal immigrants. This is not a policy that promotes comity. What is the meaning of citizenship when the rewards to the illegal immigrant trump the penalties of his illegal presence and give him financial advantages over citizens?
Western governments are undermining themselves by creating populations of disparate peoples with disparate rights. The resulting antagonisms are inconsistent with liberal democracy. The clash of civilizations is upon us from within our own borders. If China and Islam only bide their time, the world is theirs. It is not the end of history; it is the end of the West.
To find out more about Paul Craig Roberts, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Paul Craig Roberts
January 2003
Don 7 Blame Limbaugh
According to outgoing Senate majority leader Tom Daschle, Rush Limbaugh and others like him are inspiring Taliban-like fanaticism in their listeners, driving them to make threats of violence against men like Daschle and their families. He mentioned Limbaugh by name.
Daschle, known as a mild-mannered man, didn’t offer evidence for this extraordinary' charge. Have he and his loved ones been receiving death threats from self-identified Limbaugh listeners? Or is this a bluff - another Democratic attempt to defame critics, like Bill Clinton’s attempt to blame “talk radio” (transparently meaning Limbaugh) for the Oklahoma City bombing?
One could just as fairly accuse Daschle of trying to incite violence against Limbaugh. In any case, it ought to be news when a U.S. Senator makes such an attack on a journalist Yet after hearing Daschle on the radio, I couldn’t find an account of it in the next morning’s papers.
I tune in on Limbaugh several times a week, but usually only for a few minutes. One reason I soon turn him off is that he spends so much time sniping at Daschle and the Democrats. Instead of talking about conservative principles,
Limbaugh gives the listener overdoses of petty Republican partisanship. The show is much more interesting when Walter Williams pinch-hits for the regular host.
But nothing Limbaugh says about Daschle can possibly be construed as encouraging violence. Tiresome, yes, and no doubt annoying to Daschle, but political hair-pulling is a long way from assassination.
The Taliban analogy, beloved of liberals, is especially silly. Limbaugh is consistently secular. He stays away from religious subjects, and in fact his show might be a lot livelier if he dealt with them. But a frequent listener can’t imagine him inciting his audience to frenzies of faith. He’s absorbed in politics at the same superficial level Daschle is.
In short, Daschle doesn’t know Limbaugh the way even a half-attentive listener would. He’s simply smearing him with a stereotype he knows will fly with liberals, hoping’ it will intimidate conservatives.
It’s not working. Limbaugh revels in stupid attacks by his enemies. Liberals are embarrassed; their press is ignoring the story. When Vice President Spiro Agnew assailed the liberal media in 1969, it was a huge story, because the press (proving it was as liberal as Agnew said it was) chose to take it as a threat to the First Amendment.
Today, when the most powerful Democrat in Washington makes a grave charge against the most popular conservative commentator in the country, it’s at most a personal flap, not a threat to free speech. As far as the press is concerned, no important principle is at stake.
There is an odd side-effect of all this. It reinforces the false impression that the Democrats and the Republicans, especially Republicans like Limbaugh, are polar opposites. The truth is that both parties agree on fundamentals; they’re only quarreling about details.
The voter is offered a choice between Democratic big government and Republican big government; that’s all. Shall we have more welfare or more warfare? No matter which party wins, we’re going to get plenty of both, but in slightly different configurations. The two parties fight bitterly, but they’re only fighting about power.
That’s why it amazes and appalls me that Limbaugh can get so excited about elections. As a conservative, what on earth does he think the Republican Party is conserving?
We are forever being told that the right to vote is among the most precious of our freedoms. Nobody explains why, in that case, the vote is so unavailing. Today government is far more oppressive and taxes are far higher than they were in the days of that tyrant King George III.
What is the cash value of your vote? Here’s a thought-experiment 1 like to do from time to time. Suppose that if you gave up your allegedly precious right to vote, you could be relieved of the obligation to pay taxes. You could just opt out of the whole system.
It would be an offer you couldn’t refuse. And that’s exactly why the government would never make the offer. It knows as well as you do that your precious vote is worthless. Depriving you of the vote for refusing to pay taxes would be no penalty at all. That's why taxes have to be backed, ultimately, by ... well, threats of violence.
If our elected officials are getting death threats these days, maybe Rush Limbaugh isn’t the reason.
Copyright (c) 2002 by Griffin Internet Syndicate
Why Government Likes ‘New Rights '*
The U.S. Supreme Court is hearing arguments about “affirmative action,” and will probably wind up making the subject more confused than ever, pending confusion worse confounded by a future'Court. There is no way through the semantic swamp of the whole area nebulously called “civil rights.”
“Affitmative action” means preferential treatment for nonwhites (and sometimes women). It’s an interesting ethical question, but it shouldn’t be a legal one.
The term “civil rights” itself used to mean rights of citizens — the right to marry or own property, for example — which the state was bound to respect. Now it means rights the state should enforce. And some of these “rights” are highly questionable, such as the “right” of access to others’ private property.
In language, logic is often the victim of history. Because the first American “civil rights” laws were passed for the benefit of blacks, the phrase has come to stand for legal or quasi-legal favoritism for blacks and other racial minorities. It now sounds odd if a white male talks about his “civil rights” — even though the original idea was strict racial impartiality.
The expansion of civil rights brings the state into many areas which used to be safe from legal coercion. Once upon a time proprietors as well as customers used to be free to decide whom they would do business with. I didn’t have to buy from you, and by the same token you didn’t have to sell to me. But if today you refuse to sell to me, I can bring the state into it by claiming to be a victim of racial “discrimination.”
“Discrimination” used to be a good word, meaning a good trait — the ability to tell things apart. We discriminated “between,” not “against.” But today, if you discriminate between such obviously different categories as the sexes, you may be charged with discrimination “against.”
In the era of bogus rights, some women even clamor to be admitted to men’s golfing clubs. By their logic, women should also be allowed to play in men’s golf tournaments — and men in women’s. Under the present system, both sexes suffer discrimination against. Isn’t open competition on equal terms what civil rights is all about?
Well, no. You have to learn the semantic ropes. Nobody knows what it’s all about, except state power. If you are white, you may.swallow hard when you hear about a new “civil rights bill,” because you can presume it’s directed against you, your property rights, and your freedom of association. “Civil rights” are legal vampires that drain the blood from real rights.
The claim that third parties are somehow injured by free exchanges is a new twist in the bogus rights revolution. Fast-food chains are now being sued on behalf of the obese children of frequent patrons. I asked a leading advocate of these suits why he didn’t favor prosecuting the parents themselves. He answered that it was more efficient to sue the companies.
I noticed that he didn’t say it would be wrong in principle. In the mental universe of bogus rights, very few things are wrong in principle. Once we establish the principle that a child has a right not to be fat, we have built a new superhighway for lawyers and state bureaucrats. And nobody can be sure it won’t lead to his door.
Once the state got into the business of enforcing (rather than merely observing) civil rights, definitions began to collapse, new “rights” kept popping up (along with correlative obligations), the state invaded everything, and people began having to worry about whether their customary activities were still legal and lawyer-proof. Freedom is becoming a mere residue: it refers not to God-given, inalienable rights (since “rights” are now created by the state), but to the shrinking circle of things we are still allowed to do.
After visiting America in the 1830s, Alexis de Tocqueville marveled that Americans were pretty much free to do whatever they pleased. They took for granted the right to start a new church, business, or charity without seeking the permission of ' the state. Bogus rights had not yet begun to devour real rights.
Our original rights freed us from the state’s power. Nowadays, most alleged “rights” increase the state’s power over us.
• ^
Copyright (c) 2002 by Griffin Internet Syndicate
Joseph Sobran
January 2003
Pnge 22
Middle American News
VIEWPOINT
Why Don’t They Fire Them?
The Daschle Democrats (bowing to pressure from their union constituency) resisted passing the Homeland Security bill prior to the election because President George W. Bush demanded wide authority to fire or transfer employees in the new 22-agency bureaucracy. In the lame-duck session. Congress is hastily passing the bill.
But I'm confused. If Bush is so eager to have the right to fire government employees, why hasn't he fired anyone for the many pre-Sept. 11 and post-Sept. 11 mistakes? Mistakes is actually a euphemism for grievous lapses of duty or violations of the law, some of which were fatal to innocent people.
Where is the outrage and why hasn't anybody been fired for granting U.S. citizenship to a Middle Eastern male who was a member of the Hezbollah terrorist group, was on terrorist watch lists and was under investigation by the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force? Just putting a couple of federal employees on administrative leave isn’t enough; it sounds like the Immigration and Naturalization Service is just holding them on the payroll until the bad publicity blows over.
Why hasn't anybody been fired for granting U.S. citizenship to African-embassy-bombing conspirator Khalid Abu al Dahab after his fraudulent marriages to Americans? Ditto for granting U.S. citizenship to 1993 World Trade Center bombing conspirator El Sayyid A. Nosair, who also married to avoid deportation?
Why hasn’t anybody been fired for releasing sniper suspect John Lee Malvo into the U.S. population even though the law mandated his deportation as one who entered our country illegally as a stowaway?
Why hasn’t anybody been fired for changing Malvo’s status from the accurate designation given him by the U.S. Border Patrol?
Why hasn’t INS Director James Ziglar been fired after his office admitted to writer Michelle Malkin that Malvo’s release “followed standard procedure” and she cited numerous cases of criminal illegal aliens set free who then committed more crimes? Ziglar is scheduled to leave voluntarily at the end of the year, more thanT5 months after Sept. 11, but he shouldn’t be allowed to circle the wagons and cover up the fatal results of bad policies.
Why is the government conducting an investigation of Border Patrol agent Keith Olson, the one who got Malvo’s fingerprints, which were the key to identifying him as one of the snipers who traveled the country on a killing rampage? Why, instead of going after the INS bureaucrats responsible for the Malvo mistake, is the government criticizing Border Patrol agent Daryl Schermerhom for appearing on Bill O’Reilly’s television program and telling the truth that “it’s nothing new for the INS to release criminals on the streets and for them to commit murder.”
Why wasn’t anybody fired when INS mailed visas to two of the Sept. 11 hijackers, Mohammed Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi, on March 5, 2002, six months after they died in their attack on the World Trade Center? Bush said he was “pretty hot” about that, but he wasn’t hot enough to fire anybody.
Why hasn’t anybody been fired for granting visas, after Sept. 11, to 79 people whose names were on an FBI watch list? Why does the Bush administration allow the State Department to maintain its ridiculous policy that a history of advocating terrorism is not sufficient to deny an alien a visa?
Why is the president selecting to head the new Homeland Security agency a man (Tom Ridge) who said that “the last thing we want to do is militarize the borders”? The overwhelming majority of Americans, including Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, want U.S. troops to guard our borders against illegal aliens and illegal drugs rather than foreign borders on the other side of the world.
Why was the State Department official in charge of issuing visas, Mary Ryan, given a $15,000 “outstanding performance” award for the period that included Sept.
11 ? The General Accounting Office reported that 13 of the 19 hijackers were given visas without ever seeing a U.S. consular official, and independent experts said that at least 15 of the 19 hijackers should have been denied visas based on existing law.
The Homeland Security bill creates a vast new bureaucracy but does nothing to plug the gaping holes in our border security. It contains non-germane sections, such as protecting the drug companies from lawsuits by autistic children based on mercury-containing vaccines, but doesn’t even repeal Sen. Ted Kennedy’s Visa Lottery program, which admits 50,000 mostly non-Westem aliens a year and puts them on the citizenship track.
If it is true that the INS is overwhelmed with massive numbers of immigrant applications, then homeland security demands that we put a moratorium on immigration until the INS catches up. Likewise for the numbers of visa applications at the State Department.
The FBI warning that al-Qaeda terrorists might be planning “spectacular attacks” inside the United States is the result of our government closing its eyes and waving the bad guys in. It’s hard to see that anyone in Washington is really serious about homeland security.
(c) 2002 Copley News Service
The Agenda for 2003
The clouds of election contests are behind us and a new Republican majority in both Houses of Congress will gather in January. It’s time to reaffirm some basic Republican principles and move ahead with legislative implementation.
Principle No. 1. The American people, especially middle-class families, are overtaxed. Congress should accelerate and make permanent the tax cuts voted in 2001.
In particular, Congress should remedy the ridiculous and deceitful current law that eliminates the death tax in 2010 but reinstates it at high levels in 2011 and imposes a brand new tax on the heirs of the deceased called carryover basis. We don’t want an epidemic of euthanasia in 2010.
Congress should abolish the Alternative Minimum Tax. And Congress should fulfill the Republican Platform promise to pass “legislation requiring a super-majority
in both houses of Congress to raise taxes.”
Principle No. 2. The chief problem with our health-care system and its rising costs is the pervasive practice of “third party payment”: i.e., the person receiving medical care has little or no control over how much is spent and for what purposes. Congress should pass genuine, workable Medical Savings Accounts, which were the alternative Republicans promised when they defeated Clinton’s attempt to inflict us with universal government health care in 1994.
The time isjripe for individuals to retake control of their own health-care spending. Even Dan Rather’s “CBS Evening News” has been featuring the new breed of doctors who provide prompt and efficient medical care for cash while refusing payments by any government or private insurance.
Principle No. 3. Our government has the duty to protect the independence and sovereignty of the United States of America The Senate should reject all United Nations treaties because they create committees of busybody foreigners to monitor U.S. compliance.
The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) would force us to adopt the radical feminist agenda from abortion to textbook language revision. The Kyoto Protocol (Global Warming treaty) would force us to reduce our American standard of living by denying us the use of our own energy sources.
Neither is a Republican initiative: the former was signed by Jimmy Carter and the latter by Al Gore for Bill Clinton. We urge President Bush to unsign both treaties as he did to the Clinton-signed International Criminal Court Treaty.
Principle No. 4. Terrorism is primarily a problem of dangerous aliens coming into America because government policy allows them to violate and evade current laws, and because many laws and regulations encourage open-borders policies. America must make a choice: close our borders to people we suspect of intending to violate our laws, or put all law-abiding U.S. citizens under suspicion and allow government to curtail our civil liberties.
Congress should refuse to fund all plans to develop a national database that would integrate existing public and private databases containing personal information on American citizens. We don’t want government monitoring our daily activities.
Congress should deny amnesty to illegal aliens and reject any revival of Section 245(i) amnesty because (as Sen. Robert Byrd said) it is “sheer lunacy,” and Congress should repeal Ted Kennedy’s Diversity Visa Lottery immigrant program. Congress should deny visas to aliens from countries that sponsor terrorism, and order the State Department to terminate its ridiculous policy that mere advocacy of terrorism is not sufficient to deny a visa.
Congress should put a moratorium on the numbers of immigrants admitted until the Immigration and Naturalization Service puts into effect a system to find and track the thousands of aliens the Justice Department wants to question about terrorism. Congress should deport illegal aliens when caught; we don’t want another John Lee Malvo.
Principle No. 5. It’s time to put a stop to the era of federal judges legislating from the bench on social policy. The president should nominate and the Senate should confirm only judges who respect the U.S. Constitution as the source of their authority rather than their own political and social prejudices (i.e., against the Ten Commandments and the Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag).
Principle No. 6. Republicans should remedy Majority Leader Tom Daschle’s obstructionism in the Senate just adjourned. Both Houses should pass the legislation passed by the House in the last Congress, but which Daschle refused to allow to come to a vote in the Senate, including a ban on partial-birth abortion, a ban on human cloning, the Child Custody Protection Act, and the proper definition of abstinence education for eligibility for federal funding.
Principle No. 7. The continuation of self-government depends on honest elections and an informed electorate. Congress should repeal the 1975 law that requires states to provide foreign-language ballots, amend the Motor Voter Law to permit states more latitude in cleaning up registration lists, and abolish provisional voting, which amounts to sume-day registration and makes post-election manipulation too easy. This list is only a start. Stay tuned.
Phyllis Schlafly
jmuzry 2003
(c) 2002 Copley News Service
Middle American News
Page 23
The New South Africa Lurches Toward Chaos
You don't hear much about South Africa these days, unless it’s about all the trouble that country's white people are causing — or whatever white people remain there. Since the "apartheid system” was dismantled in 1994 and a black majority democracy "liberated” the country, more and more whites leave — mainly because so many have been murdered by black criminals whom the government of the “black majority democracy” refuses or is simply unable to control.
The most recent report about South Africa in what in this country is often called the "mainstream media” is a story about “white extremists” accused of plotting to overthrow the government , or in one case to blow up a dam or set off bombs I in downtown Johannesburg. According to The Economist, a dozen men have been arrested for such offenses, but the magazine, which is about as "mainstream” as you can get in this country or Great Britain, dismisses what it calls the "deluded right-wing conspirators” as “paper tigers.”
But in the media that is not so mainstream, at least in this part of the w'orldL you hear somewhat different stories about South Africa. Thus, The Independent on Saturday reported last week that a new study published in the South Africa Crime Quarterly, a law enforcement journal, finds that South Africans are more likely to be shot dead than to die in vehicle crashes. "An average of 55 South Africans are ... murdered every day,” the paper reports, "more than in many countries which are at war.” At 55 murders per day, the total number of murders per year is about 20.000. compared to about 16,000 for the United States. The latter, of course, has more than six times the population of South Africa.
A few years ago. South Africa’s murder rate was said to be among the highest in the world — if not the highest — but the new “black majority democracy” banned the reporting of crime statistics because it discouraged foreign investment. So today, no one really knows. In 1999, The Wall\ Street Journal called the level of violent crime in South Africa “astronomical,” with some 24.500 murders and a per capita murder rate (26 per 100,000) four times that of the United States. Even The Economist allows that “right-wing terrorism” is fed by whites’ fear of black violence and the government’s refusal to control it.
The New York Times in 1998 reported that some 500 white farmers had been murdered since 1994, and last summer WorldNet Daily reported that 1,200 have been murdered since that year, with some 6,000 attacks against white farmers. “It’s politically correct to kill whites these days,” one white farmer told a WorldNet Daily correspondent, who concluded that “the white Boer Afrikaner, farmer is easily the highest at-risk group for murder on Earth.”
It’s hardly surprising, therefore, that South Africa’s foreign minister last week urged Western states to stop grousing about Zimbabwe, where government-backed black mobs have so far killed only a handful of white farmers but where the government itself has seized the land of some 3,000 whites. Whatever criticisms the West has made of Zimbabwe could just as easily be applied to South Africa itself, so it makes sense for the black-ruled states to stick together.
It also makes sense for white-ruled states to stick together, but they don’t. It’s precisely because of what the United States, Western Europe, Great Britain and the Soviet Union did in the 1970s through the 1980s that whites in southern Africa today face the loss of their land, their livelihoods, their freedoms and their lives. The whites — and blacks, for that matter — of southern Africa were not delivered to tyranny and destruction by blacks, but by other whites.
"The radical blacks hate us,” the white South African farmer told WorldNet Daily last summer, “because we are strong, blonde, hard-working and productive.
We came to South Africa and turned it into the richest country in the world, while before we came the locals had been here for many centuries and did nothing with the land.”
The wife of yet another white fanner told the same reporter: “The farm invasion problem is not confined to South Africa. Look at Zimbabwe. Look at the call for white Australians to give their land back to the Aborigines. Look at the problems on the border with Mexico and the United States, and the massive Third World immigration in Europe. European Western civilization is totally under siege by the New World Order elite.”
What she says explains why so many whites are leaving the new democracies of southern Africa and why those who can’t get out might be tempted to turn to terrorism. If a South African housewife understands the big picture of which her country is a small part, why don’t the leaders of the countries that betrayed their own people and civilization?
What We Really Get From Mexico
While President Bush ponders amnesty for illegal Mexican immigrants and yet another war against Iraq, the real war has already come here — from Mexico. The New York Times reported recently that in areas where Mexican immigrants were supposed to bring the vaunted “cheap labor” that would save American industries, what they’ve really imported is cheap drugs — and plenty of them.
The story centered on Dalton, Ga., a small textile manufacturing center just across the state line from Chattanooga, where immigrants form Mexico have flocked in recent years to take jobs in the local sock and carpet mills. Now, with the country in recession, many of the jobs have vanished, but the Mexicans remain — and they make up for lost wages by pushing narcotics.
“In Dalton and surrounding areas,” the Times reports, “drug arrests have steadily risen since the late 1990s, police officials say. Gang-related violence has become common” in an area that last saw major violence around the time of Sherman’s march to Atlanta. “We keep arresting people and seizing drugs, but they just keep coming,” the local police chief moans. “We’re in a boat with a big hole. We can keep bailing, but the hole’s still there.”
Of course the hole’s still there, and it will always be there as long as mass immigration is permitted — which is to say, as long as Big Business interests demand the cheap labor it provides.
Even as his town and region are poisoned by the immigrant drug-dealers, ex-Rep. Erwin Mitchell beams that “this is a place where not one American job has been lost to immigrant workers.” That, of course, is a boldfaced lie. The textile czars round up Mexican workers themselves because they can rid their plants of higher-wage Americans, but even if it were true, what good are “American jobs” if they’re filled by foreigners and the society disintegrates because of the drugs, murders and gangs the aliens import?
“Dalton,” the Times assures us, “is by no means alone.” “From Alaska to South Carolina, law enforcement officials said, Mexican traffickers have taken advantage of spreading Mexican immigration and freer North American trade to establish themselves as the dominant wholesale suppliers of illegal drugs across much of the United States.”
Like the terrorists of Sept. 11, the Mexican drug peddlers can flourish because mass immigration has created an alternative society in which they can live, hide and operate. The Dalton police force has a grand total of one officer who can even speak Spanish and has “almost no capacity to infiltrate tight-knit Mexican criminal groups.” “The chances of these people getting caught are now somewhere between slim and none,” the local chief told the Times.
Just as Islamic terrorists make use of the religious, linguistic and cultural “diversity” their own immigrant communities create in this country, so the Mexicans also create their own internal social structures that are almost impossible for police to detect and investigate.
Mass immigration by itself isn’t the only reason for the drug deluge from across the Rio Grande. There’s also the contribution of the vaunted North American Free Trade Agreement — NAFTA. “Like the legitimate businessmen energized by the loosening of North American trade,” the Times reports, “the traffickers have found new economies of scale, taken advantage of the freer movement of Mexican trucking into the United States and even shifted some production closer to consumers.”
The two major superstitions of the last decade — that mass immigration and free trade, and the “diversity” and “globalization” they bring, are progress — smash apart on the hard truths about the new multinational narcotics industry.
How much longer can the Open Borders lobby, its pet politicians and hired ideologues — and the Big Business interests that welcome any displacement of American workers and any destruction of American culture and social fabric if it rakes up enough dollars — keep pretending that the monsters they’ve created are the blessings for the country they claim they are isn’t clear. If 3,000 dead Americans in the World Trade Center, murdered by alien terrorists who entered the country legally, are not too many lives to lose, why should the swamping by drugs and murder of northern Georgia, eastern Tennessee, western North Carolina and all the rest of the nation “from Alaska to South Carolina” be too high a price to pay for the glories that “cheap labor” brings us?
What is happening in Dalton and its environs merely reminds those Americans who still have not lost all their mental marbles that opening your borders to millions of aliens who share nothing with your own society and people is an invitation to national suicide. If those who forced the gates open won’t close them, those who have to live with what comes across will have to close them themselves.
Samuel Francis
To find out more about Samuel Francis\ and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at wwWrCreaioruMom,
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC*
To find out more about Samuel Francis, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www: creators. com.
COPYRIGHT 2002 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
January 2003