2560 SYLVAN ROAD • EAST POINT, GEORGIA 30344 • PHONE 767-4042 • ROBERT MCCURRY, Pastor
Vol. 17	June 29,1986	No.	6
Texas Church Refuses State License—Buildings to be Sold by Sheriff July 1 to Collect Fines
by Robert McCunry
For almost 2,000 years Bible-believing churches have cared for widows and orphans. It is a part of their commission from God. This commission has been recognized and respected by civil government here in America until the past few years when a flood of “child care” legislation began appearing in the majority of the states.
In 1975 the Texas legislature passed the Child Care Act which said a church can no longer care for orphans or children who do not have a suitable place to live without a state license and apart from state control.
The homes for boys and girls operated under the direction of Pastor Lester Roloff and the People’s Baptist Church in Corpus Christi, Texas, were the first to be prosecuted by the state under this law.
After a decade-long struggle through state agencies and the courts, the U.S. Supreme Court declined in October, 1985, to review a Texas Supreme Court ruling that the licensing of church ministries and the state control of ministries hat care for boys and girls does not nfringe on religious freedom. The Roloff lomes were ordered closed January 1, 986, because they had not applied for icenses.
Rather than risk a confrontation, the resent pastor, Wiley Cameron, decided > take the 150 children to Missouri 'here they will remain in exile until a ossible legislative solution can be orked out.
“Now we are going after the other >mes that are not licensed,” said Sue srkel, the assistant attorney general 10 is now prosecuting Pastor W. N.
Otwell and the Community Baptist Church in Ft. Worth, Texas.
Pastor W.N. Otwell
“It really has nothing to do with religion,” Berkel said. “Our office is just charged with enforcing this law...which has to do with protecting the children.” Children’s homes in Texas are required to be licensed "to prevent abuse,” Berkel said. Licensed homes must meet certain guidelines for hiring, living space and nutrition, among other things.
Pastor Otwell disagrees that licensure protects children. “If a child is abused in any home today, the guilty party is subject to prosecution under present law,” Otwell said.
“Licensure has not and will not insure protection from child abuse,” Otwell continued. “An example of this is Jim Jones who had many licenses, yet none of them stopped him [from abusing anyone].”
Pastor Otwell said, “Licensure is control. The church is sovereign and can never submit to state control without
violating the Word of God.”
Court Issues Injunction to Stop Community Baptist Church Ministries
Pastor Otwell has respectfully informed the Texas Department of Human Services and the court that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Lord and Head of the Community Baptist Church. He has further informed them that as an unregistered, unincorporated church the state has no jurisdiction or authority over the Community Baptist Church.
The Texas Department of Human Services and the court ignored the faith, religious convictions, and status of the church.
On April 16,1986, Texas District Court Judge Paul R. Davis issued a Writ of Permanent Injunction to “enjoin and restrain” Pastor W. N. Otwell and the Community Baptist Church from conducting the daily ministry of the church for boys.
The judge also ruled that “their officers, agents, employees, servants, assigns, successors in interest and attorneys and those persons in active concert or participation with them are permanently enjoined” from conducting the daily ministry of the church for boys.
In addition, the judge “ordered, adjudged and decreed” that “Pastor Otwell, the Community Baptist Church, their officers, agents, employees, servants, assigns, successors in interest, attorneys, and those persons in active concert and participation with them shall be individually liable to pay to the State of Texas one hundred dollars ($100) for each day they participate in any way in
Continued on Page Two
Texas Church Refuses State License
the operation" of the daily church ministries "in violation of the Court order and the Human Resources Code."
So far, Otwell says, fines totaling almost $200,000 have been levied against him and his wife and seven other church members, including his son and daughter-in-law for failure to secure a license
According to several reliable sources, the civil penalties can be assessed against every member and friend of the church who pays tithes and gives offerings to the church if the state could secure their names!
Wake up preachers! Wake up Christians! Wake up America!
Burial For Religious Freedom
On May 2, 1986, Pastor Otwell conducted a funeral for Religious Freedom at a large gathering in downtown Ft. Worth. A casket was later buried on the church grounds as supporters from across Texas and other parts of the nation bowed and prayed that the Lord would be pleased to resurrect Religious Freedom. Pastor Otwell said:
THE OCCASION We have gathered here today with heavy hearts, sorrow of our souls, and with much grief and somewhat of a righteous indignation to pay our respects to the deceased, Religious Freedom, and also to those who have faithfully fought and stood by Religious Freedom to try to save Her from this hour of tragic sadness. To me, the loss of Religious Freedom is greater than even the loss of a loved one. If your loved ones die, in the Lord, they go to be with the Lord and we shall see them again. But the DEATH OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM leaves behind a trail of BLOOD, HEARTBREAK, PRISON, AND BROKEN FAMILIES TORN APART BY STATE TYRANTS because of convictions, conscience, and obedience to God.
BIRTH
Religious Freedom was conceived in three hot summer months at independence Hall, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by 55 valiant men, fathers, and neighbors who said, "with firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our
Continued from Page One
honor." There they put together what we call the Constitution of the United States. Religious Freedom was born on September 13, 1788. The first consideration of the Bill of Rights was that the servants in civil government in this Republic never trample on their Freedom of Religion.
Their first declaration in the Bill of Rights was: "Congress shall make NO law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This simply means that religion is not within the jurisdiction of government concern and power. The First Amendment is the official "NO TRESPASSING SIGN” to the legislative, administrative, and judicial branches of government at both levels, FEDERAL AND STATE.
DEATH
Religious Freedom died March 31, 1986, 4:00 p.m. in the Travis County Court House, 200th District Court, Austin, Texas.
Religious Freedom lived one hundred and ninety-eight years and seven months. She had a good and fruitful life until her death. She fought hard to live, but too many of Her vital organs were gone, and the ones that were left were too small and weak to hold Her here, so she died. Present at Her death were Judge Paul R. Davis, who pronounced Her death, two State Assistant Attorney Generals, who persecuted Her, Her defence lawyer, who did all he could, and many pastors, onlookers, and friends.
SURVIVORS
The deceased is survived by 6,000,000 teen-age boys and girls on the streets in America who will perish without hope or help because no one will be able to help now.
Religious Freedom leaves behind thousands of parents who believe that God gave them the right and command to raise and train-up their children in God’s way. They believe also that their children are an heritage from the Lord—-not the state. She leaves behind hundreds of churches with ministries that
will suffer much persecution and many will close because of Her death.
Religious Freedom leaves behind thousands of veterans of foreign wars who fought for Religious Freedom. There are hundreds and thousands who are crippled, legless, armless, eyeless, helpless and maimed from the wars of the past. Many of them are emotionally distressed, and at this hour many of them are institutionalized because of the severity of the stress of past wars. Many of of these veterans spent months and years in enemy concentration camps.
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM LEAVES hundreds of God’s most faithful warriors, stewards, servants, and saints who have fought for Religious Freedom by living holy lives, being salt to the world, letting their light shine before men, and by involving themselves in every place that can better help and serve our fellow man.
THE DECEASED LEAVES BEHIND many who would go to jail, live in exile, go underground and even die if necessary to stand true to their Bible convictions and their conscience before they would compromise with the humanistic, mad Babylon that is persecuting the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ.
THE DECEASED LEAVES BEHIND A STATE that is bent on closing every door of every true Bible-believing, Bible-preaching, separated, holy living church within its reach that does not comply with state control of her ministries.
BURIAL
The deceased will be buried today in the hearts and memories of those who have loved and cherished Religious Freedom as their companion and friend for many, many years. Religious Freedom has been inspired and motivated to reach goals and dreams and to fulfill the will of God in our lives. She allowed us to enjoy our families in birth, growth, and on up through the years reaching an old age that benefits from family togetherness without government tyranny to step on our necks and keep us from these
Continued on Page Three
lives, our fortunes, and our sacred 2 Tempi# Time* ~ Kaat Point, Ga. 30344 Juna 20,1006
Rev. Otwell fights for Boy’s Home
Pickup (ruck in front of Community Baptist Church reveals Rev. Ot well's feelings about Stutc licensing.
blessings that Religious Freedom has provided so long for us all.
GOD BLESS THE MEMORIES OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, WE WILL ALWAYS CHERISH YOUR MEMORY!
GOD BLESS AMERICA, GOD BLESS OUR NATION, GOD HELP TEXAS TO WAKE UP BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE!
State Officials Put on Trial by Church Leaders for Murder of Religious Freedom Governor Mark White, State Attorney Jim Mattox, Assistant State Attorney Sue Berkel, Director of Human Services Marlin Johnston, and District Judge Paul R. Davis were put on trial in the “Court of Divine Justice” on the Travis County Court House steps in Austin, Texas, on May 16 by Pastor Otwell and other religious leaders for the murder of Religious Freedom. They were all found “guilty.” The following sentence was pronounced:
The pastors and sovereign citizens of the State of Texas and the United States call for the immediate resignation of Governor Mark White, State Attorney Jim Mattox, Assistant State Attorney Sue Berkel, Director of Human Services Marlin Johnston, and Judge Paul R. Davis and implore them to repent of their sins and call upon God “until they know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men and giveth it to whomsoever
He will.”
And now we deliver them into the hands of the God of the universe "who one day will judge the quick and the dead” to mete out such judgment that pleases His will to see that they no longer afflict the poor and the innocent in this land of the free and the home of the brave.
The trial took place at the conclusion of a week-long freedom march from Ft. Worth to Austin by Pastor Otwell, members of the Community Baptist Church, and other supporters that began on May 10.
Neither White nor Mattox was around to hear the shouted verdicts of “guilty” during the trial in the “Court of Divine Justice,” but White did come out of the Governor’s Mansion later to talk with Pastor Otwell and those picketing on the sidewalk.
Pastor Otwell and several other Texas pastors met with Governor White in his office on May 21 for over an hour. “Governor White realized that state licensure does not fit the church, and we need to get the legislature to change the law,” Pastor Otwell said.
Pastor and Church Reject State Compromise—Sheriff to Sell Church Property
Pastor Otwell and the church have rejected the state’s offer to drop all fines and stop the sale of the church property if the church would either accept a state license, close the church ministry, or leave the state.
Because the church has refused to obey the licensing order and to pay the fines, the church auditorium, educational building, and pastor’s residence are scheduled to be auctioned on the Tarrant County Court House steps July 1,1986 at 2:00 p.m.
Berkel said foreclosure was chosen as the least confrontational method of forcing the church to comply.
Other possibilities would have been to arrest Otwell for contempt of court or to forcibly remove the boys who live at the home, she said.
Once the property is sold to the highest bidder, it will be the responsibility of Tarrant County Sheriff Don Carpenter to remove Otwell and the church congregation.
Carpenter said that he doesn’t want to discuss any plans for how he might handle the eviction.
If ordered, the sheriff said, he will close the church. “We have to uphold the state laws. We will do it, but I don’t like it.
I don’t like messing around with churches.”
"I’m not up on civil [matters] real good,” Carpenter said. “But after a number of days they have to leave. If the court says we have to evict him off, then we’ll evict him off.”
It could not happen in America? It certainly should not happen in America! But, alas! It is about to happen in America!
Remember. What civil government can do to one preacher and church, it can— and eventually will —do to every preacher and church in America!
Wake up preachers! Wake up Christians! Wake up America!
Freedom Rally Scheduled for June 30
A freedom Rally will be conducted on Monday night, June 30, 1986, at 7:00 p.m. at the Community Baptist Church, 6300 Nell Street, Ft. Worth, Texas. A mass rally will also be conducted at the Tarrant County Court House on Tuesday, July 1, 1986, at 2:00 p.m. when Sheriff Carpenter attempts to conduct the sale of the property. Every concerned pastor in America should be present on both occasions! Every Christian and citizen concerned about religious freedom should likewise make every possible effort to attend.
In the meantime, Pastor Otwell and Community Baptist Church needs your prayers and financial support. You can contact Pastor W.N. Otwell at Community Baptist Church, 6300 Nell St., Ft. Worth, Texas 76119 Phone 817-535-5142.
Temple Times — Bast Point, Ga. 30344 June 29, 1986 Page 3
CHRISTIANS BREAKING THE LAW
Dr. Everett Sileven
There is only one lawgiver (James 4:12). His name is Jehovah God. If there is only one lawgiver, then there is only one law. “THE LAW”, “GOD’S LAW”. If God is the lawgiver, then there is no new law to be written. All the law that will legitimately be written has been written. You do not have to choose between God’s law and man’s law. Man has no law, writes no law, makes no law. He has not been given the authority to make law. He is to pick Godly men to enact and enforce God’s law (Romans 13:1-4).
Our founding fathers understood that. Sir William Blackstone, that English Jurist whose commentaries sold so well in early America and were used extensively in the concepts of our own constitution and government said, “Man, considered as a creature, must necessarily be subject to the laws of his Creator, for he is entirely a dependent being. A being, independent of any other, has no rule to pursue, but such as he prescribes to himself; but a state of dependence will inevitably oblige the inferior to take the will of him, on whom he depends, as the rule of his conduct: not indeed in every particular, but in all those points wherein his dependence consists... And consequently, as man depends absolutely upon his Maker for everything, it is necessary that he should in all points conform to his Maker’s will.
“This law (God’s Law), being coeval with mankind and dictated by God himself, is of course superior in obligation to any other. It is binding
By Dr. Everett Sileven
and at all times; no human laws are of any validity, if contrary to this: and such of them as are valid derive all their force, and all their authority, mediately or immediately, from this original.
“The doctrines thus delivered we call the revealed or the divine law, and they are found only in the Holy Scriptures.” (Tucker Edition, Blackstone’s Commentaries, Vol. I, pp. 40-41.)
The only choice you have is to obey “THE LAW,” “GOD’S LAW,” or be lawless like the Anti-Christ.
The only choice a legislator, governor, judge, or law enforcement official has is to enforce “TH E LAW”, “GOD’S LAW”, or be a tyrant enforcing “non-law.” Just because some body of men get together and write what they call law on a piece of paper, vote on it, gets another person titled the governor or president to sign it, and then some other man wearing a robe condones it, this does not legitimize it. It must agree with THE LAW, the original rules of the universe prescribed and laid down by the Supreme Sovereign God.
The question is then, are you obeying THE LAW? Christians today in America are being faced more and more with conflict from government
agencies. Too many Christians interpret Romans 13 and I Peter 2 to mean absolute obedience to manmade non-law even to the point of becoming willing slaves. This is an absolute abomination to God and is the sure road to judgment and destruction.
The truth is that many American church members are lawless non-Christians. There is no such thing as a lawless Christian.
But someone says, “We are not under the law; we are under grace.”
Yes, we are under grace for salvation, but that has always been true. No one ever got saved without the pure grace of God. But we are still held accountable to God for the obedience of His commandments and law.
I John 3:4 says, “...sin is the transgression (breaking) of the law.”
If there is no law, then there is no transgression, and hence no sin. If you buy that story, then I assure you that you have problems.
The Christians of America are so lawless that unless there is repentance (a return to God’s law), there will be immediate judgment and destruction from God on America.
So I ask you, “Are you going to obey THE LAW?”
TEMPLE TIMES Published By CALVARY TEMPLE 2560 Sylvan Road • East Point, G a. 30344
Address Correction Requested
Non-Profit Org. U.S. Postage PAID Atlanta, Ga. Permit No. 1484
Temple Times is sent without charge to those who request it. it is supported by the gifts of those who, voluntarily, desire to be part of this ministry.
Permission to reprint is granted where proper credit is given and the material is used to bring honor and glory to the Lord God.
over all the globe in all countries,
Pbr* 4 TtiPplf Tioim Entt Point, Oh. 30344 June 80,1900
r