2560 SYLVAN ROAD • EAST POINT, GEORGIA 30344 • PHONE 767-4042 • ROBERT MCCURRY, Pastor
Tax Funding Of "Homosexuality” And Murder Of Babies Brings God’s Judgment On America
by Robert McCurry
"Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people" (Proverbs 1434).
I love America. It is a nation that has been blessed and exalted by God above all other nations. The reason for America's greatness is clear. The Lord said it is righteousness that exalts a nation. But the only righteousness God accepts is Jesus Christ made unto us righteousness. That the Lord Jesus Christ and the Word of God was honored and believed to be the only sure foundation and cornerstone of America is an established historical fact.
But my heart grieves for America. This great republic that was envisioned and established by the founding fathers and expressed in the United States Constitution and the Bill of Rights is now like a huge ship at sea in the midst of a great storm floundering without a captain, a rudder, or an anchor. "Our nation is like a convoy lost in darkness on an unknown rocky coast, with quarreling pirates in the chart room and savages clambering up the sides of the ship to plunder and do evil as the whim may take them."
Why? "Sin is a reproach to any people."
Sin. The word can not even be spoken without the sound of the hiss of the serpent. Sin is the transgression of God's law (I John 3:4). All unrighteousness is sin (I John 5.T7).
Sin is enmity against God, against His attributes, against His government. Sin, a conspiracy against God, seeks to dispose Him from His sovereignty. Sin abuses His goodness. Sin abhors His holiness. Sin vilifies His wisdom. Sin sneers at His mercy
Continued on Page Two
and grace. Sin insults and denies His omniscience, His justice and His wisdom.
Sin is disobedience, rebellion, treason— the work of Satan. Sin is darkness, ignorance, folly, madness. Sin is blindness, deafness, dumbness, and sickness of the soul. Sin is blight, poison, slavery, plague. Sin is death. Sin built hell. Sin kindled "the fire that shall never be quenched." Sin made "the outer darkness" where no ray of light ever enters. Every step in sin is a step backwards and downwards.
Sin is the monumental rogue in history. It banished Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden. It seeded the clouds of heaven to overthrow the old world with a flood. It kindled the conflagration of Sodom and Gomorrah.
It confused the inhabitants of the earth at Babel and has left them confused ever since.
Sin is a destroying and killing thing. Death and destruction come in by sin's door. God's wrath abides on all who do not believe. "The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God" (Psalm 9:17). Hence nothing is so offensive to God as sin. God hates sin.
There are many words and events of the Bible that teach God's hatred of sin and all unrighteousness. But the cross alone shows how much and how eternally God hates sin. It was at the cross that the Father poured out the full cup of His unmitigated wrath upon His Son who was made sin and a curse for us and endured God's righteous anger against man s sin in His own person (2 Corinthians 5:21; Galatians 3:13; Romans 3:21-25).
We can have no stronger proof of the sinfulness of sin or of the vicarious nature of Christ's sufferings than His cry, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me!" Let these words sink down into our hearts, and not be forgotten. May they stir us up to hate sin and encourage us to trust Christ. 'Righteousness exalteth a nation."
But the righteousness of Jesus Christ and the Word of God have long ago been discarded as too narrow and exclusive and foolishness by most Americans. The U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights are regarded with similar views and are looked upon with disdain and treated with ridicule by the majority of politicians, bureaucrats, and judges. Alas! Even the majority of Americans, because of their willful ignorance and indifference, have no regard for these great docu-
rneI)lWria: A Modem Day Sodom
The word "homosexual" and "gay" is a euphemism. The Biblical word is sodomy. Humanists have worked to change the word as though the mere manipulation of the
Page 2 Temple Time* — E»*t Point, Ca. February
terminology will change the reality of its meaning.
"The word 'homosexual' is not a precise scriptural term and is misleading. Whenever we replace God's terms with man's terms we are in a losing position for any discussion on the subject. Man's terms remove the moral and spiritual foundations of a concept and treat it as something outside of God's realm of control. Man calls one who drinks too much an 'alcoholic'; God calls him a drunkard. Man says that the alcoholic has a 'medical problem’; God says he has a spiritual problem.
"Paul warns us not to use 'the words which man’s wisdom teacheth but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual* (i Corinthians 2:13). Even though some modem versions use the word *ho(nosexual', it is a term void of moral connotation. The King lames Version uses the word 'sodomite* to translate the word that literally meant 'devoted one*, and referred to the male prostitutes devoted to the worship of pagan fertility gods (cf. Deuteronomy 23:17; 1 Kings 14:24; 13:12, 22:46; 2 Kings 23:7). This word properly reminds the reader of the abominable practice of the men of Sodom and the judgments resulting because of that sin (Genesis 19:4-11,24,25). We must not be deceived by modem man’s attempt to redefine sin with amoral terms. There are over fifteen scriptural terms which identify, describe, and condemn the sin of sodomy.”1
"There was a time when homosexuality was not so readily publicized. In fact, only members of the helping professions heard much about the cases of homosexuality. Most people suffering from various behavioral disorders, including homosexuality, would consult a clergyman first, and many would seek no other help. Among the secular helping professions, physicians, psychiatrists, and psychologists usually dealt with people concerning homosexual behavior. Until recently, almost all members of those professions considered homosexual behavior an abnormal deviation requiring treatment." 2
The American Psychological Associations “Resolutions on Gay Rights” were adopted in 1975 by a small group of association office-holders, who voted to support the American Association's removal of homosexuality from the official list of mental disorders. The policy also stated, “Further, the American Psychological Association urges all mental health professionals to take the lead in removing the stigma of mental illness that has long been associated with homosexual orientations.
13,1983
1 T?*^mmCan PsychologicaI Associat- I leadership has funded both a 'Tad.
on the Status of Lesbian and Gay piiT I gists,” and a continuing "Commit I Cay Concerns.” One member of the tal force defined ”gay” in terms of a value sys- I tem: "The emerging definition of 'gay' or 'lesbian’ is different from that of 'homj I sexual.’ The term gay, like the terms, black, Chicano, and woman, connotes a value as designating group membership. Gay is proud, angry, open, visible, political, healthy, and all the positive things that homosexual is not.”4 So we see that the American Psychological Association has not taken a neutral position but has officially approved and funded a pro-homosexual position opposed to historic ludeo-Christian principles.5
One cannot escape the irony of those decisions—or perhaps the satanic subtlety of them. A few generations ago humanists were successful in convincing our society to no longer call a sodomite a sodomite—they were to be called “homosexuals although the word carried the connotation and stigma of a pervert. Then the humanists succeeded in convincing our society no longer to call a homosexual a pervert and a culprit in acts of moral evil. "No, he should be ‘humanely’ considered sick, and in need of treatment for his illness. Now we have moved to the next stage: the homosexua should no longer be considered even sick.
In less than a century, many in our society have moved from considering homosex uality a moral evil, to considering it a sick ness, to denying that it has any moral or pathological significance at all.
“‘Gay’ liberationists declared all homosexuals 'cured' when they succeeded in persuading the American Psychiatric Association to remove homosexuality from the list of mental disorders. They had fought and won the battle of rhetoric." 7
The abomination of sodomy is spreading across America leaving no socio-economic, racial, political, or religious segment untouched. It has surpassed crisis proportions and its wickedness continues to intensify every day. The plans the sodomites have for America are indeed frightening.
Prohomosexual activists seek not only to end discrimination suffered by homosexuals but also to legitimatize homosexual relationships as an alternate life-style. Their goals are (1) the removal of laws against private homosexual behavior between consenting persons of a ny age, (2) the enactment of la ^ to allow homosexuals equal opportune .fa,
child custody, adopting children	^	W
* Jnu serv-Continued on	ti.
pP 4 rt/y**
ing as foster parents, (3) the removal of legal statutes against homosexual solicitation and prostitution, and (4) the enactment of legislation to force public and private employers (such as schools) to hire openly practicing homosexuals to act as role models, to teach children that homosexuality is an acceptable alternative to the family life-style of the children's parents." 8
There is an interlocking "network" of politically liberal, pro-abortion, radical feminist and homosexual oiganizations working in coalition to win their related aims. There has also been an infiltration and use of church structures and organism by prohomosexual individuals and groups, with the collaboration of some church religious leaders.9
Americans Pay For Sodomy With Their Taxes
The abomination of sodomy would be serious enough if it was limited to individual citizens who choose to engage in and recruit others to such a life-style at their own expense. But it doesn't stop there. All Americans are being forced to participate in sodomy activities by supporting sodomite organizations with their taxes.
In his just released book. The Homosexual Network: Private Lives and Public Policy,10 author Enrique Rueda sets forth the first political expose' of the homosexual movement in America in a 704 page study of the political machinery of the "gay rights" movement in this country.
Rueda documents the funding of homosexual organizations, which is estimated to be a least a quarter of a billion dollars each year. "The main source of funding of the homosexual movement is the American taxpayer. " Rueda says. In the author's survey of the 394 homosexual rights organizations, Rueda found that "the federal government provides 18.43% of the funding, the state and local governments 27.20%. . .The total funding from tax sources—probably in the form of grants and contracts—amounts to 46.63% of the total income of homosexual non-profit organizations." The book contains many examples and charts documenting the use of federal funds by "gay rights" organizations.
The Internal Revenue Service, Rueda says, has greatly helped the homosexual political cause by recognizing homosexual organizations as eligible for the 501(c)(3) tax-exempt foundation status.
Sodomy: The End Time Sin The destruction of the city of Sodom in Genesis 19 for the unrestrained sin of sodomy is God's example for the rest of us. The apostle Jude wrote, "Even as Sodofn and
Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are let forth an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire" (Jude 7).
The full sin of Sodom is detailed in Ezekiel 16:49,50: Pride, fullness of bread, abundance of idleness, failure to strengthen the hand of the poor and the needy, haughtiness and "they commited abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good.” The abomination of sodomy is clearly described in all its horror in Genesis 19 and also in Judges 19. (See also Genesis 13:13; Isaiah 3:9; Jeremiah 23:14).
God's judgment on the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah is not the only time in Scripture we see the abomination of sodomy condemned and destroyed. One whole tribe of Israel was almost annihilated because the sin of sodomy was practiced and defended (Judges 19).
The Lord Jesus warned, "As it was in the days of Lot even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed" (Luke 17:28-30).
The apostle Paul warns that a persistance in practicing or defending the abomination of sodomy will result in God "giving them up to uncleanness and vile affections and turning them over to a reprobate mind" (Romans 1).
The apostle Peter speaks of the certain condemnation of individuals who persist in following their corrupt desires, including sodomite sinners like those in the ancient city of Sodom (II Peter 2:1-10). Peter's prediction of future false teachers and advocates of sexual sin accurately describes advocates of sodomy alias "gay liberation" in America (II Peter 2:18,19).
The false god of secular humanism denies the truth of God's Word and demands that all citizens worship at the altar of humanism and make weekly monetary sacrifices via taxes to the "worship of the creature".
Do professed preachers of the Gospel and professed Christians believe they can actually worship both the Creator and the creature? Do we believe that we can support the Gospel of Jesus Christ with tithes and offerings and at the same time support the abomination of sodomy and have the blessings of the Lord upon our lives, our families, the church, and the nation?
Wake up, preachers! Wake up, Christians! It is righteousness that exalts a nation. Sin is a reproach to any people. Abomination of sodomy brought God's judgment in the past. America will not escape. The nation that forgets God will experience the judgment of God and will be turned into
hell.
The message from the Lord is clear: Repent or perishI
Taxes Fund The Murder Of Babies
January 22, 1973 will surely go down as the blackest day in American history. It was on this day that nine black-robed United States Supreme Court Justices—the self-annointed high priests of the religion of secular humanism—made their infamous ruling that unborn babies are non-persons. Since that date America has been stained and flooded by the blood of over twelve million babies who have been murdered on the altar of expediency in the name of the religion of secular humanism.
On February 6,1982 a shipping container was discovered in Los Angeles, California that contained 17,000 bodies of babies— some as old as 30 weeks— murdered via a-bortion. An employee of the container company who was present when the container was opened said: "One of the boxes fell out of the container, spilling its contents on the ground. I stared at a large object but couldn't tell what it was. I called my boss to come over and take a look. All of a sudden we realized with great horror that it was the decapitated body of a baby. Other workers started vomiting.” Police were called. The Los Angeles County Health Department came to remove the contents and transfer both the human bodies and the piles of computer sheets to another truck for delivery to the coroner's office. The stench of decaying flesh and formaldehyde was overwhelming.11
State Senator Alex Garcia who represents part of Los Angeles filed an official request on February 9, 1982 to claim the bodies for burial. He referred to the situation as "mass murder. ... the average person will be left with a nauseating feeling in the pit of his stomach."12
At the request of the Feminist Women's Health Center, an abortion center which encourages women to abort themselves, receives $1 million in public funds, and performs abortions beyond viability, the ACLU filed for a restraining order to prevent release of the bodies. Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Dickran Tevrizian issued the order. The ACLU aigued that religious service and burial for the aborted babies was a violation of separation of church and state.13
Months after discovery, the 43 bodies which were autopsied are still jammed into plastic containers in the moigue. The remaining 17,000 bodies are still placed in boxes in an unrefrigerated truck that sits in a secured maintenance yard in Los Angeles.w
Continued on Page Four
Temple Times — East Point, Ga. 30344 February 13,1983 Page 3
photo Taken From: The American Holocaust*®
The dead wait for burial.
to Taken From: The American Holocaust
17,000 bodies; some as old as 30 weeks.
The Los Angeles District Attorney, who usually releases the bodies of victims of violent crimes, has still refused the release of the babies for burial. Although state law requires the next of kin be notified, the District Attorney has not notified the mothers that , they may claim the body of their child or arrange for interment. The District Attorney has also failed to release the bodies to the official claimant. Senator Alex Garcia, who has promised to provide burial.15
Remember, dear reader, this is not an account of something that is happening in the Soviet Union or Communist China or the jungles of Africa. It is an account of what is happening in the United States of America.
But the problem of abortion did not begin on that infamous January 22,1973 day. A-bortion was being advocated and planned long before that date. For example, an editorial appeared in The Western Journal of Medicine in September 1970 that set forth the plans of the humanists:
"The process of eroding the old ethic and substituting the new has already begun. It may be seen most clearly in changing attitudes toward human abortion. In defiance of the long held Western ethic of intrinsic and equal value for every human life regardless of its stage, condition or status, abortion is becoming accepted by society as moral, right and even necessary. It is worth noting that this shift in public attitude has affected the churches, the laws and public policy rather than the reverse. Since the old ethic has not yet been fully displaced it has been necessary to separate the idea of abortion from the idea of killing, which continues to be socially abhorrent. The result has been a curious avoidance of the scientific fact, which everyone really knows, that human life begins at conception and is continuous whether intra or extra-uterine until death. The very considerable semantic gymnastics which are required to rationalize abortion as anything but taking a human life would be ludicrous if they were not often put forth under socially impeccable auspices. It is suggested that this schizophrenic sort of subterfuge is necessary because while a new ethic is being accepted the old one has not yet been rejected."16
Who is responsible for this American holocaust? The primary peipetrators are Planned Parenthood-World Population and the wealthy, elitist, population control people in America who finance Planned Parenthood. Under the guise of women's rights and human rights, they will kill your offspring, sterilize your poor, and preach a promiscuous sexuality to your youth with the intent of creating a "need" for their ser-
vices. Planned Parenthood founder, Margaret Sanger, said, "The most merciful thing the large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.”17
It is serious enough that individuals are permitted to engage in the murder of babies via abortion at their own expense. But it doesn't stop there. Since 1968 there have been millions of babies murdered via abortion with millions of dollars in federal as well as state tax funds.
The god of secular humanism demands that all citizens participate in the religion of humanism by making a weekly blood sacrifice of babies on the altar of humanism via taxes.
What kind of a civilization—not to men-
tion preachers and Christians—can be silent and passive when there are over 1,500,000 babies per year; 4,200 babies per day; 176 babies per hour and 1 baby every 22 seconds murdered via abortion in America?
Will We Obey God Or Man?
Do professed preachers of the Gospel and professed Christians believe that they can worship the true Lord God of heaven and the false god of secular humanism at the same time? Do we believe that we can drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of devils at the same time? (I Corinthians 10:21). Do we believe that we can wash our hands from the guilt of the murder of babies via abortion by supporting the work of the Lord with tithes and offerings and at the same time bow at
Page 4 Temple Timet — East Point, Ga. 30344 February 13,1983

Photo Taken From: The American Holocaust10
“The most merciful thing that the large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it."	Margaret	Sanger
Founder of Planned Parenthood

the altar of humanism and participate in blood sacrifices of babies via abortion by financially supporting the religion of humanism that is diametrically opposed to the Word of God and unequivocally dedicated to the destruction of Christianity?
Abortion is not an amoral issue, it is an abomination. It is not a social issue, it is a sin issue. It is not a political issue, it is a plague. It is not merely a moral issue, it a monstrosity'
Can preachers and Christians plead innocence and blamelessness simply because they are allegedly required to "Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesars" and therefore must, even in violation of God's Word, "obey every ordinance of man"? Why do not those who so glibly quote this also quote Acts 17:6,7 that says of the Christians: "These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also, and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus."
Where is the preacher who can take the Word of God and cite one verse of scripture that directs or authorizes or permits Christians—or anyone else—to render their support and cooperation to pay for sodomy or murder of babies via abortion or anything else that the Lord forbids and prohibits? Is there anyone prepared to say that the Lord requires His people to obey any "ordinance of man" or to participate or cooperate in any way with those who engage in the sins that bring His judgment upon the land and result in a nation being cast into hell?
The scriptures are clear. We are not only forbidden to transgress God’s law by personally committing sin, but we are also forbidden to even "bid God's speed" to those who do engage in trangressing God's law.
"Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. If there come any unto you and bring not this doctrine, receive him not in your house, neither bid him God speed: For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds"
(2 John 9-11).
Do we believe that the Lord will overlook this nation that gives social, political, and judicial approval to the very same sins that caused him to pour out His indignation and judgment in the past?
Wake up, preachersI Wake up, Christians! It is righteousness that exalts a nation. Sin is a reproach to any people. The sin and wickedness of the murder of babies via a-bortion brought God's judgment in the past. America will not escape.
The message of the Lord is clear: Repent or perish!
America: Past And Present America is now faced with a very real and eminent threat of being destroyed from within. There was a departure long ago from the confessed faith and envisioned freedoms of those 41 adult male pilgrims when they affixed their signatures to the Mayflower Compact in the cabin of the Mayflower as it lay alongside the Massachusetts coast. "In the name of God. . . by the grace of God. . . for the glory of God, and the advancement of the Christian faith. . . in the presence of God."
The sovereign Lord God of heaven that those Mayflower pilgrims feared, believed, trusted, served, obeyed and glorified, and the Christian faith that they embraced have been supplanted by the false, but popular, god of secular humanism.
Today it is, "In the name of the state... by the grace of the government... for the glory of man, and the advancement of the good of society. . . in the presence of the Supreme Court."
America Must Repent Or Perish America is in serious trouble. The enemy is not coming. The enemy is here. Our families, our churches, our freedoms and our nation are under siege. A pall of gloom and confusion hangs over the land. And the enemy feeds and thrives on the ignorance, confusion and inertia of its victims.
There are competing this day throughout America two separate and distinct forces— two theologies, two value systems, two principles of life, two methods of action. It is light versus darkness. It is the power of God versus the power of Satan. It is righteousness versus sin and wickedness. It is truth versus deception. It is the Word of God versus man's vain philosophy. It is the Lord Jesus Christ versus the false god of secular humanism.
As true as it is that Christians have not been involved in the political process in the past; as important as it is that they get in-
Continued on Page Six
Temple Times — East Point, Ga. 30344 February 13,1983 Page 5
waived—this is not fhr answer to America’s problems.
The root cause of America’s wretched condition is sm. The sovereign Lord God of Heaven has been ignored and rejected. The shed blood of the Lord lesus Christ has been trampled under foot. The holy and royal l aw of God has been disobeyed and broken.
If we are to survive as a free nation we must put things in God’s order of priorities. Sin must first be dealt with on God's terms. Political action will not solve the sin problem. No political party or platform— however conservative or moral—will solve the sin problem. No political personality— however charming—will solve the sin problem. No legislation—however good and moral—will solve the sin problem. Our only hope is to meet the Lord on His terms: "Repent and believe the Gospel" (Marie 1:15). The message of the Lord is clear: "Repent or perish” (Luke 13:3,5).
America Is Under God's Judgment
America is now under God's judgment. This is not the nation envisioned and structured by the founding fathers. Sin has brought reproach to the land. We have sown to the wind and we are now reaping to the whirlwind. The vile and abominable sins of the nation have not escaped the all-seeing eyes of the Lord.
"For mine eyes are upon all their all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.
"And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things" (Jeremiah 16:17:18).
The political arena is a three ring circus. There is confusion of mind and direction. The economy is in shambles. The plunder of taxation and inflation eat the fruits of our labor like a cankerworm.
Families are deteriorating before our very eyes. While there is a great deal of religious activity it is generally devoid of the abundant life of Christ and the power of the Holy Spirit. Churches have become second rate amusement centers and third rate supper clubs. The time has come when sound doctrine cannot be endured. The "happiness"
TEMPLE TIMES Published Weekly by CALVARY TEMPLE 2560 SyivtA Roftd - E*ft Point, Cm. 30344
Tempt* Jwnm * mwt without charge to Vtums i*to request it. It * supported try the gifts of those atoo. voluntarily. deeire to be s pert of to* ministry Permission to reprint grented where proper credit * given end toe material is used to pnng honor end glory to the Lord God.
and "prosperity" and "love" preachers are having a field day with those who want a "religious fix" of easy-believism. Sin in the church and out of the church is denied, winked at, smiled upon, excused, apologized for, embraced, and practiced without shame.
The abomination of sodomy is a national plague and scourge. America's problem will not be solved until there is national recognition, confession and repentance of this a-bominable sin of sodomy. Every state legislator and every congressman and senator that ever voted for sodomy, every state and federal court judge that has ruled favorably for sodomy, every bureaucrat that has administered any phase of a sodomite program, and every citizen that has paid for sodomy via taxes must repent.
The wickedness of the sin of abortion is likewise a national plague and scourge. I am certainly not opposed to a pro-life constitutional amendment to prevent future abortions. But we are decieved if we believe that the blood of the millions of babies that have been murdered via abortion can be washed from our hands at the legislative basin and we can walk away without dealing with the sins already committed.
The problem will not be solved until there is national recognition, confession and repentance of this vile, abhorrent sin of abortion. Every state legislator and every congressman and senator that ever voted for abortion, every state, federal and Supreme Court judge that ruled favorably for abortion, every bureaucrat that administered the abortion program, and every citizen that has paid for abortion via taxes must repent.
There is no other alternative for America. The Nature Of True Repentance
The nature of true repentance is clearly and unmistakably laid down in holy scripture. It begins with a knowledge of sin. It goes on to work sorrow for sin. It leads to confession of sin before God. It shows itself before man by a thorough breaking off and turning from sin. It results in producing a habit of deep hatred for all sin. Above all, it is inseparably connected with a lively faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. Such is the repentance needed in America.
Repentance is a personal responsibility. "God charges all people everywhere to repent —[ that is,] to change their minds for the better and heartily to amend their ways, with abhorrence for their past sins" (Acts 17:30 ANT).
Will America Be Saved?
Only the Lord Himself knows if America
will survive. He alone is omniscient. He is sovereign. It is our responsibility to meet
Him on His terms and repent and believe and obey the Gospel. If we humble ourselves before God and repent of and forsake our sins and live in obedience to His Word and unite in supplications for mercy, "Who can tell if God will turn away from His fierce anger, that we perish not?" (Jonah 3:9). One thing is certain: There is no help apart from repentance and obedience to the Lord.
The Christian's Responsibility
The Christian's responsibility is to watch and pray, redeem the time, and occupy until He comes by living in obedience to His Word and will every day in the real world. We are to be the light of the world and the salt of the earth. We must be found faithful with our loins girded up and our lamps burning that we may be prepared to meet His will in every event.
Let us, as the Lord's true people, be faithful in calling all men everywhere—including those in government—to repent and to flee from the wrath of God, always pointing them to Jesus Christ, the only true Lord and Saviour.
Amen.
References: 1. Bill Gothard, Facts and Fiction About Homosexuality. (Basic Youth Conflicts), Box 1, Oak Brook, IL 60521; 2. Dr. George A. Rekers, Growing Up Straight (Moody, 1982), p.28; 3. American Psychological Association, Removing The Stigma —Final Report of the Board of Social and Ethical Responsibility for Psychology's Task Force on the Status of Lesbian and Gay Male Psychologists (Washington, D.C.: APA 1979), p.2. Quoted in Growing Up Straight, op. cit., p.50; 4. Stephen F. Morin, 11Heterosexual Bias in Psychological Research on Homosexuality.” American Psychologist 32 (1977): 629-37. Quoted in Growing Up Straight, op. cit., p.50-51; 5. G.A. Rekers, “A Priori Values and Research on Homosexuality,” American Psychologist 33 (1978): 510-12. Quoted in Growing Up Straight, op. cit., P-51; 6. G.A. Rekers, op. cit., p.31; 7. G.A. Rekers, op. cit., p.30; 8. These goals were endorsed, for example, by the American Psychological Association, in Removing the Stigma —Final Report of the Board of Social and Ethical Responsibility for Psychology's Task Force on the Status of Lesbian and Gay Male Psychologists (Washington, D.C.: APA 1981). See also APA Committee on Gay Concerns (Washington, D.C: APA, 1981): Stephen F. Morin and Stephen J. Schultz, "The Gay movement and the Rights of Chrildren,” Journal of Social Issues 34, no. 2 (1978): 137-48; D. Teal, The Gay Militants (New York: Stein and Day, 1971; K. jay and A. Young, eds.. Out of the Closet: Voices of the Gay Liberation (New York: Douglas, 1972): K. Tobin and R. Wicker, The Gay Crusaders (New York: Paperback Library, 1971); C. Klein, “Homosexual Parents.” in The Single Parent Experience (New York; Walker, 1973): W. Aaron, Straight—A Homosexual Talks About His Homosexuality Past (New York:	Doubleday,	1972);
Dorothy 1. Riddle, "Relating to Children: Gays as Role Models,” Journal of Social Issues 34 no. 3 (1978). 36-58. Quoted in Growing Up Straight, op. cit., p.35-36; 9. The Homosexual Network — Private Lives & Public Policy by Enrique T. Rueda, (The Devin Adair Co., 1982). Order from Free Congress Research and Education Foundation — 721 Second Street, N.E., Washington, D.C., 20002 Phone (202) 546-3004. Price: Cloth $24.95; Paper $11.95; 10. Quoted in The Anu’inun Holocaust brochure. Center For Documenting The American Holocaust, P.O. Box 99, Palm Springs, CA 92263. $1 each; 10 tor $5; 100 tor $25. Highlights of the 17,000 babies found in the shipping container in California; 11. ibid; 12, ibid; 13. ibid; 14. ibid; 15. ibid; 16. ibid; 17. ibid.
Fag* $ Tempi* timw — t$st Point/ Ci» 30344 Ffbru*ry 13# 1983