Vol. 18
No. 2
July 22,1987
Fulton County Sheriff Richard Lankford Ministers at Calvary Temple Bible Church
The following report is given for the specific purpose of bringing honor and glory to God, exalting the Lord Jesus Christ, giving testimony of answered prayer, illustrating that God’s ways are not our ways and that His timing is not our timing, and demonstrating that "all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. ”
Fulton County Sheriff Richard Lankford ministered at the Calvary Temple Bible Church on Sunday night, May 10, 1987. He was introduced by Fulton County Solicitor General James Webb.
Sheriff Lankford is the pastor of the Springfield Baptist Church in Hogansville,
Georgia, and is also an accomplished pianist, organist, and singer.
Those in attendance rejoiced as Sheriff Lankford sang, played the piano and organ, and spoke to the congregation, because they were witnessing a Sheriti Lankford direct answer to
their prayers for the past two years.
Sheriff Lankford’s visit to the church was also the fulfillment of a promise he made to Pastor McCurry shortly after a series of unfortunate and grievous incidents involving the sheriffs department and the church that began on May 3, 1985.
On May 3,1985, several Fulton County deputies and City of Atlanta policemen went to the home of one of the male members of the church who lives in Atlanta to serve him with a civil marital
by Robert McCurry
complaint filed by his wife. According to the testimony of one of the deputies, when they failed to find the man at home, the woman’s attorney (who had accompanied the deputies and the police to the home) said, “They (the man and his children) are at the church.” The deputy testified that “the attorney led us to the church in the lead car.”
A Christian activities day had been in progress at the church during the day. There were approximately 100 people in attendance and others were still arriving when the attorney, deputies, and City of Atlanta police (who were now out of their jurisdiction) arrived and entered the church building unannounced and disrupted the worship and activities of those in attendance. No one from the church knew what was happening. There was confusion and fear. Women, children, and young people were terrified and weeping. The deputies, police officers, and attorney ignored the pleadings and directives of the pastor and the men of the church to leave the building.
Sheriff Lankford soon arrived at the church and very professionally took charge of the situation and brought things under control.
As a result of the incident, criminal trespass warrants were taken out against the attorney and another man who had accompanied him to the church, and several simple battery warrants were taken out against one of the deputies.
Interestingly, the marital complaint that had precipitated the entire grievous incident was dismissed by a Fulton County judge in an emergency hearing on May 6 for lack of any truth or evidence whatsoever.
Following the May 3 incident, the church was subjected to an incredible, intensive investigation by Sheriff
Lankford that included photographing the church property and people entering and leaving the building, recording of automobile tag numbers in the church parking lot, and an investigator entering a church worship meeting with a concealed tape recorder in his pocket.
The church was informed by some of America’s leading Constitutional attorneys that the possibilities of the church (as well as individuals present on May 3 and others who had been subjected to investigation) prevailing in a lawsuit against the lawyer, deputies, sheriff’s department, police, and those working in concert with them for violations of Constitutional rights was more than favorable.
Rather than immediately filing a lawsuit against the offenders or proceeding with criminal prosecution of those against whom warrants had been taken as originally planned, the church and all individuals concerned agreed to enter into special prayer and trust the Lord to bring about a solution that would bring special honor and glory to God and result in a spiritual healing and reconciliation of all parties concerned.
It is not necessary to rehearse in this article all the events that took place up to the time Sheriff Richard Lankford and the deputy (against whom the simple battery warrants had been taken) came to speak to the Calvary Temple Bible Church on May 10, 1987. The important thing is to testify that the Lord has answered prayer and given a great victory and to give a report of the healing that has taken place between the church and the Fulton County Sheriff’s Department.
Continued on Page Two
Fulton County
Excerpts of Sheriff Lankford’s Message to the Church
•	Sheriff Lankford told the church that "two years ago, when I had been in office about five months, satan moved and manipulated his way into creating a very grievous situation" and "set up a lot of people," including his own deputies, by putting out "a lot of lies about this church—a lot of them.” The sheriffs department, including the deputy against whom several simply battery warrants were taken, were victims of those lies, Sheriff Lankford said.
•	In reference to the lies told about the church, Sheriff Lankford said: "I don't want that to make you feel bad. I want that to make you feel good. Satan doesn’t mess with those he’s already got. Satan doesn’t chase after or dig ditches for or stab things that belong to him. If he sees you’re going to be productive and progressive for the Lord, that’s when he starts messing with you. That’s when he starts backstabbing you and digging ditches for you to fall in and scandalizing your name. That’s when he starts working on you."
•	Concerning his investigation of the church and its end results, Sheriff Lankford said: “There were a lot of things that happened. There was another incident that was a touchy situation and many people did not understand it. There was a fellow that came over here to take some pictures and write some tag numbers down. A lot of people wondered what was going on. But the end result of all of that was that I was able to receive a report that there is nobody in this church who is out to do anything other than praise the Lord and serve Him. There are no subversive groups in this church. There’s nobody out here to overthrow the government or do anything other than to serve God according to His Word. There’s nobody in this church that’s wanted. There is nobody in this church that any agency is looking for. That was the result of those findings. So any other law enforcement agency that wants to come to me and tell me something—-they don’t have to tell me anything—because I know for myself. I’m in a position now—I don’t care who comes to me—I can tell them I know what’s going on in Calvary Temple. I’m not a garbage can, so don’t bring me any trash."
• In reference to his visit to the church, Sheriff Lankford said: "The devil even
Sheriff
Continued from Page One
tried to keep us apart when I was originally supposed to come here and speak to you about this situation. The devil decided, ’Well, I'm going to throw a legal monkey wrench in the works.' I finally decided that the time had come that we had to mend this fence. But I said, ’How do you mend something like this, Lord? It was such a sensitive situation.' The Lord brought back to my remembrance that if an arm is broken, when it mends back together, it is stronger than it was before because the body compensates and it grows extra calcium around those bones so that arm will knit and be strong. And the Lord said, ‘When you mend [the relationship with the church] the relationship is going to be stronger between you and the church than it has ever been before.' So I thank God for that.”
• In reference to the purpose of his visit to the church, Sheriff Lankford said: "I came tonight to let you know that it was a regrettable situation. And I came to tell you that there is no malice in my heart. I’ve come to just say out of the depths of my heart how much I regret that these things happened here."
Deputy Speaks
The deputy, against whom simple battery warrants had been taken, was also present and expressed his regrets to the congregation about what had happened. At the close of the meeting he also privately expressed his regrets and apologized to those who had taken out the simple battery warrants against him. His willingness to come to the church and speak, and the sincere and gracious spirit with which he spoke was appreciated by everyone.
A Special Note of Appreciation to Fulton County Solicitor General James Webb
The church wishes to express her special appreciation to Fulton County Solicitor General James Webb for his special interest and help in bringing about the solution to this very grievous problem. Solicitor Webb is a man of unimpeachable Christian character and integrity who has served the people of Fulton County well for many years. His willingness to minister to the church during times of crisis and his visit to the church to speak to the congregation and introduce Sheriff Lankford will always be a cherished memory.
One Note of Sadness
The attorney who brought the deputies and police to the church and against whom the criminal trespass warrant had been taken, refused to accept the offer of the dismissal of the warrant against him in exchange for an apology to the church for his offense. In a letter to the attorney, Pastor McCurry said:
"For the past two years the Calvary Temple Bible Church, my family, and I have been deeply grieved and hurt because of your vicious and senseless and groundless attacks upon us. We have been slandered and damaged with outright lies, half truths, and misrepresentations. The hurt, tears, grief, and embarrassment that you have caused and been responsible for are inestimable. I can assure you, however, that your actions have failed to cause us to have any bitterness and animosity toward you. You cannot make us hate you or not love you. We can say with Joseph, “You thought evil against us, but God meant it unto good" (Genesis 50:20). I can assure you that the Lord’s grace has been sufficient for us and His grace has been perfected in our weakness.
“. . .Your refusal to apologize did not discourage us or prevent us from continuing to seek a Biblical and Christian solution to the problem.
“.. .It was a great meeting [the meeting at the church with Sheriff Lankford and the deputy] and the Lord Jesus Christ was honored and glorified. A healing has taken place and ‘the fence has been mended.' All of us have been encouraged and strengthened. However, one regret is that you were not present to participate. But we want you to know that the invitation remains open to you.
“Although you have refused to apologize, I have signed a release dismissing the criminal warrant that I took out against you for the criminal trespass that you committed at the Calvary Temple Bible Church on May 3,1985.1 stated on the [dismissal] form:
The accuser, Robert E. McCurry, signs this release because of his belief that this is the biblical and Christian solution at this time for this very grievous problem.'
“It is our prayer and hope that you will join with all of us in the healing and victory the Lord has been pleased to give us. The invitation for you to come to the church remains open. Our hearts are open to you. The decision rests with you."
Continued on Page Three
Page 2 Temple Timet — East Point, Ga. 30344 July 22,1987
A Public Statement of Thanks and
Appreciation to Fulton County Sheriff Richard Lankford
Dear Sheriff Lankford:
The Calvary Temple Bible Church expresses this public thanks and appreciation to you for coming to the church on Sunday night. May 10, 1987, and ministering to us. Your willingness to come and the openness and sincere spirit with which you spoke and shared with us, as well as your musical ministry, were a source of great encouragement, blessing, and strength to all of us. We thank God for all that was accomplished in the meeting and for the healing that has taken place.
"And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose” (Romans 8:28). Therefore we know that nothing that has happened over the past two years has been by mistake or without divine purpose-including the meeting on Sunday night.
We believe that it was a historical meeting that was ordained of God to glorify and exalt the Lord Jesus Christ, edify the saints of God, strengthen the Lord’s church, and put multitudes of people—saints and sinners—on notice now and in the years to come that there are spiritual, biblical, and Christian solutions to grievous and seemingly insur-mountable problems that are far superior, more honorable, more meaningful, more effective, and more rewarding than the solutions that men
Jesus and the New
one of the bulwarks of the New Age Movement, has received the endorsement of the Club of Rome which has a cross-membership with the Trilateral Commission and with the P2 Masonic Lodge advocates of world government.
Modern churches have helped pave the way for the New Age. In the effort to attract the world and make the church grow, religious leaders have convinced members that the gospel is welcome to the world, and if presented without any negative thoughts, but in a positive and attractive manner, it will become popular and the world will embrace it. Any Biblical fact or statement of Jesus that is contradictory to popular religion or which puts any pagan philosophy in a negative light has been carefully screened out so that the Christian preacher might be looked upon as a positive irenic leader. In other words, the door has been kept wide open for the infiltration of every pagan doctrine that has come along in the past forty years. In the name of tolerance and pluralism, the church has accepted anything and everything until the New Age ad-
may devise.
Please be assured that we will be mindful and alert to the enemy; and we will resist and denounce any and all efforts of anyone who might attempt to distort, discredit, or destroy what was said, done, and accomplished in the meeting.
We want you to know that we will continue to pray for you, your family, your pastoral ministry, and your ministry as Fulton County Sheriff. Please feel free to call on us at any time that we can be of help to you.
Calvary Temple Bible Church
All Criminal Warrants Dismissed and Civil Lawsuit Abandoned
All criminal warrants have been dismissed and the civil lawsuit abandoned against all offending parties relating to the May 3, 1985, incidents (and all subsequent incidents relating to that day), because the church believes that the healing and victory the Lord has given is of far greater spiritual value than any monetary awards that could have been gained in a successful lawsuit or any satisfaction that could have been derived from successful criminal prosecutions.
To God be all of the glory and praise for the victory He has been pleased to give!
Some Spiritual Lessons Learned During the Past Two Years
The past two years have been the most difficult and at the same time the most
Age
Continued from Page Four vocates find it quite easy to bring professing Christians into their movement with very little difficulty. In a 1986 message, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Robert Runcie, elaborated on the benefits of "interfaith dialogue," meaning interfaith with other religions. "Interfaith dialogue can help to remove barriers between us by creating conditions for greater community fellowship. This will mean that some claims about the exclusiveness of the church have to be renounced, but also that past and present prejudices about other religions have to be overcome, and ignorance and contempt actively resisted.”
I predict that the New Age Movement will fail. God is sovereign, and I do not believe He will allow such a pagan concept to rule over the world. But whatever is allowed, we who are Christians stand under the orders of our King Jesus. He had a great deal to say about pluralism and the way of the world. For example, He said, "Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leads to destruction, and many are they that enter in thereby. Because strait is the
blessed years the Calvary Temple Bible Church has ever experienced. The Incidents Involving the Fulton County Sheriff’s Department are only a few of many grievous problems the church has been confronted with—all caused by or resulting from the sin that had precipitated the initial problem with the sheriffs department. One of the major incidents was the arson fire of the church building that took place in August, 1985, causing damages in excess of $250,000.
The Lord has affirmed, confirmed, and taught the Calvary Temple Bible Church many precious truths during these two years. He has caused the church to walk in and live by the truths of His Word that she has proclaimed for so many years. Here are just a few of these truths:
God is sovereign. His strength is perfected in our weakness. His grace is sufficient. God answers prayer. God’s ways are not our ways, His methods are not our methods, and His timing is not our timing. Tribulation worketh patience. The Lord makes no mistakes. Nothing can touch His people and His church without His knowledge or apart from His will. What the enemies of the church intended for evil, the Lord ordained for her good and His glory. Jesus Christ is Lord and Head of His church, and the gates of hell cannot prevail against His church.
To God be the glory, great things He has done!
JESUS CHRIST IS LORD!
gate, and narrow is the way, which le^ads to life, and few are they that find it" (Matthew 7:13-14).
Jesus is the example of One who deliberately and intentionally separated Himself from all other religious beliefs and systems. Rather than uniting with them, He judges them. "For neither does the Father judge any man, but He has given all judgment unto the Son" (John 5:22).
Plainly the way that is traveled by the majority is the way of destruction, and Christians are to avoid that way as a matter of life and death.
The New Age religion is not new but is founded on the original lie of Satan: "Thou shalt not surely die...You shall be as God..." It must be exposed and opposed by Christians.
Rather than being afraid to stand alone against the current, the child of God is afraid to stand with those who band together under Satan's pluralist banner.
Jesus said, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father but by me" (John 14:6).
Reprinted from The Witness, Vol. 27, July 1987, P.O. Box 983, Alamogordo, NM 88310
Temple Timet East Point, Ge. 30344 July 22,1987 Page 3
Jesus and the New Age
In her book. The Reappearance of the Christ, Alice Bailey, the occult writer, stated “to hate, to be separate, and to be exclusive will come to be regarded as the only sin...” (from Exposing New Age Philosophies by Barbara Hanna and Janet Hoover). Already we are seeing Alice Bailey’s prediction being fulfilled. On every hand we are being told that we live in a plural society and, therefore, we must acknowledge that one man’s religious convictions are as valid as another’s. We have heard it all our lives that it doesn’t matter what you believe as long as you are sincere, and that we are ail headed for the same place. Another term for this is universalism, the doctrine that no one will be finally lost, therefore, all will be saved.
According to New Age philosophy, Christ is only one of many great leaders and no matter which one you follow you may eventually find some kind of dogmatism, that is, any belief that there is one revelation from God which we must follow exclusive of others. Rather we must all cooperate and work for a universal world religion as well as world government.
New Age advocates hold that “all is one, ail is God, and we are God.” Before you scoff at this as a ridiculous idea, just remember that it is featured in such movies as “Star Wars," “Poltergeist,” “Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom,” and many others and has been presented in some public school classrooms where children were put through exercises in “guided imagery;” that it is the theme in much of the popular rock ’n roll music of our day; and it has been used in Erhard Seminars Training (EST) and Silva Mind Control and many other popular programs.
While the New Age philosophy has preached tolerance and pluralism for many years, the bottom line is that the God of the Bible is not to be tolerated. Jesus Christ can be accepted only as one of many mystic masters bringing people together to know the “god within.” Ultimately the New Age writers envision a world with no room for the doctrines of Christ as revealed in the New Testament.
Alice Bailey wrote, “All who seek right human relations will be gathered automatically to Him (Him here refers to “the Christ,” who she says will “reappear”) whether they are in one of the great world religions or not; all who see no true
by Curtis Dickinson
or basic difference between religion and religion, or between man and man, or nation and nation will rally around Him; those that embody the spirit of exclusiveness and separativeness will stand automatically and equally revealed that all men will know them for what they are” (The Reappearance of the Christ). Modern writers have echoed this concept that those who are exclusive and separate, who do not accept the New Age religion, will have to be exterminated somehow in order for there to be "one world” with peace for all.
Unity is a major doctrine of Christ “that they may all be one,” but it has to do with unity of Christians. The command is clear that we are to "be not unequally yoked” with unbelievers. If Jesus was dogmatic about anything, it was that there is opposition between the children of God and the children of darkness, between the kingdom of this world and the Kingdom of God’s dear Son, and that we are not traveling the same direction.
As in the case of Ishmael and Isaac, the children of bondage are inclined to persecute the children of promise.
In the aftermath of the Bolshevik takeover of Russia, the one thing that condemned Christians was that they were different and could not be assimilated into the anti-God system of Communism. The thing that condemned Christians in Nazi Germany was their separatism; they could not be pressed into the lock-step national socialism that made the state sovereign over all.
The one thing that makes Christians enemies of the New Age Movement is the fact that we cannot believe Christ and believe the other religious leaders at the same time; we cannot follow Christ without rejecting and resisting all religion that opposes Him; we cannot join Christ without being separate from the universal one-world religion. In the eyes of the world, our very conformity to God’s will is the ultimate sin.
The New Age Movement is not a new cult, but a movement incorporating many cults and religions from ancient backgrounds. New Age advocate Marilyn Ferguson states: “Broader than reform, deeper than revolution, this benign conspiracy for a new human agenda has triggered the most rapid cultural realign-ment in history” (The Aquarian Conspiracy).
New Age religion promises spiritual power to the individual—“self realization” and access to God. We all are God, as Shirley MacLaine exclaimed in her TV version of the book Out on a Limb, “I am God." It offers world peace by the new consciousness that “all is one.”
Political advocates of a One World government have been quick to latch on to New Age doctrines and slogans because it breaks down the religious barriers to world government. If a world religion became a reality, the logical next step would be world government. This is the reason the Planetary Initiative, Continued on Page Three
TEMPLE TIMES Published By CALVARY TEMPLE 2560 Sylvan Road a East Point, Ga. 30344
Address Correction Requested
Non-Profit Org. U.S. Postage PAID Atlanta, Ga. Permit No. 1484
Teatpl« Time* is seat witkoat charge to tkoee who reqaest it. It is eapported by tbs gifts of those who, volaatarily, desire to be part of this ariaistry.
Peraiissioa to repriat is graated where proper credit is givea aad tbs material is ased to briag boaor aad glory to tbs Lord God.
Papa 4 Temple Time* ■» East Point, Ga. 30344 July 22,1987