^ vote*
2560 SYLVAN ROAD • EAST POINT, GEORGIA 30344 • PHONE 767-4042 • ROBERT MCCURRY, Pastor
Vot. 16
December 15,1985
No. 7
The Controversial Christ
It is December. Ready or not— like it or not—the maddening whirl of the “Christmas season” is upon us. The streets are jammed with cars and the stores are jammed with people. Everywhere we see holly, mistletoe, and trees decorated with tinsel and bright lights. We see the images of rotund men with white beards in red suits. There are sounds of bells and songs about reindeer and sleighs.
There are also the Christmas carols and “manger scenes” with “little baby Jesus.” After all, so we are told, this is the festive season commemorating the birth of Jesus. Of course, those who are knowledgeable know that Christ was not born on December 25 and that the observance of “Christmas” did not originate with the birth of Christ or with Christianity.
The commercial world has successfully blended the little “baby Jesus” into their world of fantasy and make-believe—just a “once-a-year object,” exploited for selfish gain— that will be forgotten and discarded as quickly as the wrapping on the packages on Christmas morning. This Godless world has no problem giving a token homage to a historical “baby Jesus” in a manger as long as it will make the cash registers ring. But be assured that it reacts in violent hostility, as did Herod two thousand years ago, to a sovereign Lord Jesus Christ as Lord and King on His throne.
Today** Popular “Jesus’*
The “baby Jesus” of the Christmas season is the same popular “Jesus” we hear about all year long.
by Robert McCurry
Is today's popular and acceptable “Jesus” the same Lord Jesus Christ of the Bible?
This popular “Jesus” has worked extremely well in the commercial world. So now we have Jesus buttons, T-shirts, bumper stickers, lapel pins, and a multitude of other neat little gadgets that make the cash register ring.
Today’s modern “Jesus” has also become very popular with politicians, entertainment personalities, rock and roll singers, and sports figures.
This modern, popular “Jesus” is acceptable to the masses and can be easily worked into any system or program regardless of how Scrip-turally unsound it may be. He is a magical formula that gives credence and respectability to anything and everything.
Today’s popular “Jesus” thrives in a spirit of religious romanticism and sentimentality.
The True Lord Jesus Christ
Is today’s popular and acceptable “Jesus” the same Lord Jesus Christ of the Bible?
As one reads the Bible, it is evident that the Lord Jesus Christ was the most controversial person of history.
It was prophesied that the Lord
Jesus would be controversial— that He would be despised and rejected of men (Psalm 22; Isaiah 53).
His birth produced controversy and hatred (Matthew 2:8,13,16).
He came unto His own, and they received Him not (John 1:11).
His ministry so angered the people in His home town of Nazareth that they sought to kill Him (Luke 4:18-30).
He preached a sermon that called for unreserved discipleship and commitment to Christ that offended and caused 5,000 men to forsake Him saying, “This is a hard saying; who can hear it?” (John 6:60).
He caused division among the people (John 7:43).
His ministry caused division in the synagogue (John 9).
He cleansed the temple by taking a whip and driving out those who had defiled the temple with their sin (Matthew 21:12; John 2:14-16).
He called King Herod a fox (Luke 13:32).
He was accused of being in league with Satan (Mark 3:22).
He was accused of being demon possessed (John 7:20; 8:48).
He was accused of blasphemy (Matthew 9:3).
He was hated (John 15:18,24,25).
He was misunderstood, unpopular, and rejected by the majority.
The religionists cast stones at Him and eventually killed Him (John 8:59; 10:31; Mark 12:1-12).
Christ said He oame to bring “division” and to “send a sword”. Not that the ultimate and final purpose of Continued on Page Two
The Controversial Christ
His coming is to stir up strife and cause conflict, but that when the Gospel is preached in a sinful, pseudo-religious world the first reaction is one of strife and conflict with the opposing sinful world. This opposition often disrupts even the most intimate family ties (Luke 12:49-53; Matthew 10:34-36).
Does this sound like the popular “Jesus” of today?
Why the Lord Jesus Christ is Controversial
First, the Lord Jesus Christ is controversial because of who He is.
The Lord Jesus Christ is not one of two gods. He is not one of three gods. He is not one of several gods. He is not one of many gods.
Jesus Christ IS God!
Jesus Christ is Lord!
Jesus Christ is King!
Jesus Christ is Sovereign!
Thus, it was not so much what the Lord Jesus did in performing miracles, but who He is that caused all the controversy. It was “King (Lord) Jesus” that Herod sought to destroy. He was accused of blasphemy because He forgave sin— for only God can forgive sin. It was when Christ said “I AM”—which declared that He was God—that the people would have stoned Him (Matthew 2:13; Mark 2:7; John 8:58,59).
It has been two thousand years since the Lord Jesus lived on this earth, but times and people have not changed. Because the Lord Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, and today, and forever, the controversy concerning Him continues to rage to this very day.
Second, the Lord Jesus Christ is controversial because of what He is.
He is the Light of the world. But sinful men love darkness because their deeds are evil. Therefore, they hate the Light (John 8:12; 3:19, 20).
He is the way, the truth, and the life and no man can come to the Father but by Christ. This makes Christianity restricted and exclusive.
Third, the Lord Jesus Christ is controversial because of the message He preached. His message was repentance. He began His ministry by preaching repentance. And "repent” was the Lord’s last message to five out of seven churches in Asia (Matthew 4:17; Mark 1:15; Luke 13:3-6; Revelation 2 and 3).
Continued from Page One
Preaching repentance is the loneliest and most thankless business in the world. Joseph Parker said, “The man whose sermon is ‘Repent* sets himself against his age and will for the time being be battered mercilessly by the age whose moral tone he challenges. There is but one end for such a man—‘off with his head.’ You had better not preach repentance until you have pledged your head to heaven.”
The Lord Jesus Christ was also a preacher of judgment. He pronounced judgment on His own generation (Matthew 12:41, 42). He pronounced judgment on the Pharisees (Matthew 23), and He pronounced judgment on Jerusalem (Matthew 24). And what of Capernaum, the place our Lord made His home when He began His public ministry? In it was fulfilled the prophecy: “The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death is light sprung up” (Matthew 4:16).
But Capernaum rejected the Light. They repented not and our Lord declared that it would “be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment” than for the city where He lived (Matthew 10:23, 24).
A message of judgment is never popular and seldom believed, but it is a message that needs to be recovered today.
It is evident that today’s popular “Jesus” and the Lord Jesus Christ of the Scriptures are not one and the same. Today’s popular “Jesus” is “another Jesus” that the Apostle Paul warned about in Second Corinthians 11:3, 4. Therefore, if the Christ of the Scriptures is the true Christ—then every other “Jesus” is a false Christ and antichrist.
Proclaiming the Controversial Christ
The Lord Jesus Christ is not a helpless little baby in a manger that is to be worshiped once a year amid some mystical and mythical celebration. He is the sovereign, mighty God who rules supremely upon His majestic throne of grace and glory every day of the year! He is King of kings and Lord of lords! He is still the most controversial person of history.
To those who know Christ as personal Lord and Savior, He is
Pag* 2 Tempi* Tim** ~ East Point, Ga. 30344 December 15,1085
altogether lovely! He is the RoSfl , Sharon! He is the Lily of the Vaiw He is the Bright and Morning Starf
The Lord Jesus said to His foi. lowers after His resurrection, ‘As my Father hath sent me, even so send I you” (John 20:21). This is the Lord’s message to His people today.
How did the Father send the Lord Jesus into the world? “The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because He hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord” (Luke 4:18).
And how will those fare who go forth preaching the Gospel and proclaiming the Lord Jesus Christ? The Lord Jesus said, “I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you...the servant is not greater than his lord, if they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you”
(John 15:19, 20).
Those who preach the true Christ and the message He preached will be as controversial, misunderstood, despised, and rejected as was the Lord Jesus Christ Himself.
Search the Scriptures and the pages of history and see how many of the Lord’s preachers were understood or accepted in the age in which they preached. They have always been misunderstood and unappreciated by the majority and accused of being narrow-minded, critical, negative, dogmatic, overbearing, harsh, controversial, etc.
The policy of Satan has always been to cry out against the truth as being controversial, causing confusion, disturbing the general peace of the church, and filling the world with divisions and strife. But must truth never speak because error takes offense? It is not the preacher's responsibility to make the Gospel palatable or acceptable. It is his responsibility to make the Gospel available!
The true God-called preachers of the Gospel must and will preach and exalt the true sovereign Lord Jesus Christ by proclaiming the whole counsel of God without fear, favor compromise, or apology.
Jesus Christ Is Lord!
Amen
r&
A Special Message to All Temple Times Readers
Dear Friends:
"Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised" (Psalm 48:1).
It is a great joy to be able to send Temple Times to you once again. We have been unable to send Temple Times on a regular
basis for the past several months due to circumstances beyond our control.
Every true Bible church and every true Bible preacher rs a special target of satan and his cohorts. And the more any church and preacher endeavors to conform to the purity of the Gospel, maintain Biblical doctrine and practice, expose and deal with wickedness and sin. attack the strongholds of satan. and live in obedience to the Lordship of Christ—the more aggressive satan and his cohorts will become in their hostility and vwcsouenees Such churches and preachers are a vary real threat to the designs and goals of satan
Evidently, the Calvary Temple B*b!e Church and the Tempi» Timet ministry is a special and ever-increasing threat to satan because his attacks upon tti § m«m*try have ncreasad ~ mens * , And viciousness in recent years—especiaHy In the peat five years From a human perspective me past eight months have bean like an incredible nightmare as satan has unleashed tils fury ega»r «»***•--*•, ~ ,~r**c«d>ented way hi* most recent attack was an arsonist's fire that did over $200,000 In damages to I he
perch eeeos ooMees end printing equipment It is obvious that satan and his cohorts have targeted die Calvary T empieta # Church and the Temp • f mes ministry for destruction? But we rejoice In knowing that what satan intends »>	*	.© »	^	nes He and pui posed tot our good and His glory!
The Battle For Religious Freedom Reg#* Aero** Am*r«
•	At this very moment • pastor in Tulsa Or •* ms i church he pastors will not apply for or accept e govern
•	A pastor In Colorado Springs*Coloredwe* *m • studies in his home without • govern* i*c»*
•	A pastor in Fort Worth. Texas, fat as fait bet I conduct the ministries of the church
se
(MM
seta
wtiBtgQOe
w IP
A pastor in Corpus Christ!.
a* a*
license to conduct the ministries of in* chut
•	A First Baptist Church in Fionas was rai was shoved around, children, youth and edu chair in his study and later jailed T he grot r the social worker nor the depot lei had i warrant c all over it was learned that the social and i
•	A mother and father In Minnesota were mewm daughter at home. They were diagnosed as r,»
ppi weep
led e tew i
ts wwm terv it e#oeeov**
II )i» sentence twoontempt of cmifT because the
iundiiwe She oMMeivtee of the church.
i lo at months a isM tor conducting Bible
iy Iq# or eecepf a government license to
apyt ws set tp< or accept a government
(V w<
• l
«Wi
MSI IBSt 0 KSM 'SV c
NMO ease i
s e am egeeii oo
•*» g
aoe e!
»a mevna
' i
inynr and snonffs deputies e church aocrotery eeeeeo aeemoi see wan arrested, handcuffed to e
neaar

rfahft

c, #r
eon y f the <
old girt Neither oh When it wee
4*.
These things couldn't happen In Amv America)


I*
v efMMeee
Because
eom*
Remember. What civil government can do to one p'«*w * + ■ * j preacher and church and family in Am*> *ca
Wake up preachers' Wake up Chr aliens Wake up k mts ea
and tar
ey taught their eight year old incd But me They did happen in an and eventual ry will—do to every
The Future of Temple Timet
The Lord has been pleased to use Tempi# Tunes during the past years in e very spectei way to disturb arouse, awaken, warn, inform, challenge, educate, and instruct many pastors churches* CRranem. politicians and Americana from all walks of life across this great nation about the critical Issues of the oay from a B«bhcai perspective Temple Times also faithfully calls for repentance and faith and obedience to the Lordship of Christ
It is evident that the enemy has not given up In fact, the ev fcfence indicates that the problems and crista facing our families, churches, and the nation at this hour are more acute than ever before The Temple Times ministry is a very real threat to satan and his cohorts because they cannot endure truth anc exposure.
The enemies of God. the Gospel, and this great nation would indeed be greatly pleased if the voice of Temple Times was permanently silenced!
One of satan's most effective ways in silencing the voice of Temple Times is by eroding the financial support
Temple Times is a ministry of faith and is supported by the freewill contributions of our readers.
Thank you for writing today and letting me know that you want the voice of Temple Times to continue to be heard across America! Your prayers and your gift will help make it possible!
p
Pastor Robert McCurry Calvary Temple Bible Church 2560 Sylvan Road • East Point, Georgia 30344
Temple Times — Kut Point, G*. 30344 December 15, U£6 P«f* %
The Foolishness and Futility of Blame-Shifting
“The devil made me do it!” is the well-known cliche that has come to mean— “I’m guilty, but don’t blame me!”
Its so easy, convenient, and comfortable to blame the devil, someone else, one’s carnal nature, or heredity for one’s sins and say, “I’m not responsible for my sins.”
One need be only a casual reader of the Bible to recognize that this method of “blame-shifting” or “referential blame” or “pointing one’s finger” is as old as Adam and Eve and the Garden of Eden. Fallen man, addressed by God, responded by pointing his finger at someone else and by trying to vindicate himself. “The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me...” (Genesis 3:12). Eve blames the serpent. “The serpent beguiled me” and only then “I did eat” (Genesis 3:13).
God did not ignore the various lines of connection in the process of sinning. Listen to God’s severe indictment of the serpent: “Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed...” (3:14). But in all these connections there is nothing which diminishes the gravity of man's iniquity or the judgment that is his. In the context of the various connections, man's guilt is underscored and his innocence denied. God’s verdict is announced: “Becauseyou have listened to the voice of your wife...cursed is the ground because of you” (3:17).
In Ezekiel the people found what they considered a plausible “explanation" for their sins by “pointing a finger” to the sins of their forefathers: “The fathers have eaten sour grapes and the children's teeth are on edge” (18:2). Ezekiel responded that they could not use this proverb because “the soul that sinneth, it shall die.” Everyone is responsible for his own sin (18:3,4).
Saul attempted to blame the people for his incomplete obedience to the Lord’s command by saying, “The people took of the spoil...” but Samuel replied. “You have rejected the word of the Lord” (I Samuel 15). Saul had no excuse and there was no justification for his sin. He alone was responsible for his sin.
After thousands of years man is still attempting to “shift the blame” for his sin and disobedience and failure by “pointing his finger at others” and saying “it’s their fault—not mine.”
Many do not attend church because they blame the preacher and the church members for being indifferent, unfriendly, or unconcerned.
Many blame their lack of interest in the church and spiritual things on the “hypocrites.”
Many blame their anger on someone who has insulted them.
Many blame their hurt feelings on someone who has offended or neglected them.
by Robert McCurry Many husbands who violate their marriage vows blame their unfaithfulness and sin on their wives.
Many wives who violate their marriage vows blame their unfaithfulness and sin on their husbands.
Many young people blame their rebellious and sinful attitudes and behavior on their parents.
“The brutish, sensual man lays blame for his evil actions on his circumstances and bad company.**1 “For their not having the popularity of a good name, which is rather to be chosen than great riches, some alibi and say: *The world has conspired against me.****
“The drunkard says: ‘I did it because I was drunk.* He puts his drunkenness off on the bottle Instead of his own stupidity and shallow bead and wicked heart.*** “Some blame their evil doings on heredity, saying: *1 am a victim of it.* They find comfort in the physiologist who speaks of men being controlled by glands—-abnormal, supernatural, subnormal glands. Thus the heredity alibist packs his sins off on bis grandparents and others in tbs grave.***
There's really no end to this business of “blame-shifting", “referential blame**, and “pointing one's finger” at others in an attempt to excuse and justify oneself in rebellion, disobedisnos. and sin But Ood accepts no excuses, alibis, “blame-shifting", or "referential blame" for sin. One must aooept full responsibility and blame for his own actions, sin. disobedienoe, and rebellion.
There are four steps that sin follows. First, there is the withdrawal of the soul from Ood because of sin and rebellion in the heart. There is a withdrawal of the thoughts—then a withdrawal of the emotions. Second, this withdrawal shows itself in disobedience to God's Word.
Third, the disobedience passes into deliberate acts of sin and rebellion. Fourth, there is the attempt to excuse, alibi, and justify our sin by blaming others.
The very practice of making alibis is really the product of man’s own foolishness. There can be no self-excuse. “When I kept silence [about my sin] my bones waxed old through my roaring all the day long. I acknowledged my sin to thee, and I did not hide my iniquity” (Psalm 32:3,5). “Against thee, thee only have I sinned...** (Psalm 51:4). “For I know my transgression, and my sin is ever before me” (Psalm 51:3). “Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me. and I shall be whiter than snow” (Psalm 51:7).
The essential hallmark of true confession is this rejection of an “ex-Pl anation" for our sin. And the most obvious sign of true repentance is that we no longer think in terms of “blame-shifting" and “referential blame," but accept our sin and guilt as our very own and cry to Ood for His mercy, grace, and forgiveness.
The nature of true repentance is also clearly and unmistakably laid down in Ood's Word. It begins with knowledge of sin It goes on to work sorrow tor sin. It leads to oonfession of sin before Ood. It shows itself before man by a thorough breaking off from sin. It results in producing a habit of deep hatred tor sin. It is manifested by a Joyful submission to the Lordship of Jesus Christ. Above all, it is inseparably connected with a lively faith in and an abiding love for the Lord Jesus Christ.
Mvmon.
I R O !*#•. God'* Anewer to Mmn'e Question (TiMklti un IMS), p. 130.
3 Vh4
a i i*ui a ml
j
TEMPLE TIMES Published By CALVARY TEMPLE 2560 Sylvan Road e East Point, Ga. 30344
Address Correction Requested
Non-Profit Org. U.S. Postage PAID Atlanta, Ga. Permit No. 1484
Temple Times is sent without charge to those who request it. It is supported by the gifts of those who, voluntarily, desire to be part of this ministry.
Permission to reprint is granted where proper credit is given and the material is used to bring honor and glory to the Lord God.
Page 4 Temple Times — East Point. O A. 30344 December 15,1985