2560 SYLVAN ROAD • EAST POINT, GEORGIA 30344 • PHONE 767-4042 • ROBERT MCCURRY, Pastor Vol. 17________________________________________ January	5,1986 ____________________________________________No‘1
When A Nation Forgets God
by Robert McCurry "The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God” (Psalm 9:17).
Why is God’s pronouncement against sin so solemn and severe? In order to have a proper and accurate understanding of God’s appraisal of sin one must witness the Biblical account of the death of Jesus Christ upon the cross.
There are many words and events of the Bible that teach
God’s hatred of all sin and unrighteousness.	______
But the cross alone shows how much and how eternally God hates sin. It was on the cross that the Father poured out the full cup of His unmitigated wrath upon His Son who was made sin and a curse for us and endured God’s righteous anger against man’s sin in His own person (II Corinthians 5:21;
Galatians 3:21; Romans 3:21-25).
We can have no stronger proof of the sinfulness of sin or of the vicarious nature of Christ’s sufferings than His cry, “My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me!” Let the words sink down into our hearts and not be forgotten. May they stir us up to hate sin and encourage us to trust Christ.
What Is Sin?
Sin is the transgression of God’s law. Sin is lawlessness. It is the breaking and violating of God’s law by transgression or neglect; it is being unrestrained by His commands and will (I John 3:4).
When we look at sin with regard to God and His law we say that sin must be “the greatest evil which is most opposite to the greatest good.”
Sin is enmity against God, against His attributes, against His government. God has never yet revealed a design which sin has not withstood. God has never given a command which sin has not trampled under foot.
Sin rebels against God’s sovereignty. Sin abuses God’s goodness. Sin abhors God’s holiness. Sin villifies God’s wisdom. Sin insults and denies God’s omniscience, His law, His justice, and His power. Sin denounces the Lordship of Christ.
Sin humanizes God and deifies man. Sin substantially contains all wickedness and is the cause of all that is wicked. Sin is the seed which has so thickly sown the world with wretchedness.
The Wages of Sin “The wages of sin is death" (Romans 6:23).
Because of sin the human race is steeped in spiritual ignorance, folly, blindness, deafness, ignorance, sickness,
poison, madness, slavery, plagues, and death that will bring man’s soul to destruction and hell unless he repents and
believes the Gospel.
Sin caused Adam and Eve to be expelled from paradise. Sin caused the watery deluge of Noah’s day—sweeping away the world of the unGodly. Behold Sodom and Gomorrah—set forth as an example of an entire populace suffering the vengeance of God for their wickedness and unrighteousness! Consider the plagues of Egypt as an example of a nation whose leaders and people rebel against God and refuse to repent of their sins.
In all these instances and many more, the evil and wickedness and fruits of sin are brought down to a level of our understanding.
It is little wonder that we read concerning the Lord God: "Thou lovest righteousness and hatest wickedness"(Psalm 45:7). Do you now understand why God’s pronouncement against sin is so solemn and severe? "Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people” (Proverbs 14:34). America: Past and Present America is the greatest and the most blessed nation in the world! It is also the last bulwark for Christianity left in the world. If the great freedoms given to America by the grace the providence of God are lost because of dry rot,
courage, or
and in
negligence, or because we no longer have the wil the spiritual and moral fiber and strength to stand up and defend these freedoms—then the last bastion of Christianity and freedom in the world will be gone.
Today, the Christian nation and the freedoms that those forty-one pilgrim men envisioned when they affixed their signatures to the Mayflower Compact in the cabin of the Mayflower as it lay off the Massachusetts coast—"In the name of God...by the grace of God...for the glory of God, and advancement of the Christian faith...in the very presence of God"—are now faced with a very real and imminent threat of being destroyed.
Why?
Because the sovereign Lord God and His law have been forsaken and denied. His perfect and royal law has been disobeyed and broken. The Lord Jesus Christ has been rejected and His shed blood trampled under foot. Alas! it is
Continued on Page Two
When A Nation Forgets God
Continued from Page One
wickedness—not righteousness—that covers the nation I The sovereign Lord God whom those Mayflower pilgrims feared, believed, trusted, served, obeyed, and glorified has been replaced with the false, popular god of secular humanism. Today, it is, “In the name of the state . for the glory of man, and advancement of the good of society.Jn the presence of the Supreme Court."
Sin and Wickedness Rampant
Today, every vile and wicked sin for which God destroyed the world by water, the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah by fire, and is described in the first and second chapters of Romans and the fifth chapter of Galatians is rampant across America. “Wickedness burneth as a fire" (Isaiah 9:18), that is, the contagion of wickedness overspeads the whole nation in the same rapid way that fire spreads over a field of stubble or a forest.
But the sins of the nation are not limited to the “sins of the flesh." God looks with equal anger and hatred upon the more subtle and “respectable" sins and wickedness of the religious and political leaders as well as their followers.
We can see America paralleling Isaiah’s day. “A sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the Lord, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are gone away backward...Thy princes [rulers and judges] are rebellious and companions of thieves: everyone loveth gifts, and followeth rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come before them" (Isaiah 1:4,23). “For the [religious and political] leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are lead of them are destroyed" (Isaiah 9:16). “Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievousness which they have prescribed; to turn aside the needy from judgment, and to take away the right from the poor of my people, that widows may be their prey, and that they may rob the fatherless" (Isaiah 10:1,2).
The Lord did not overlook these sins and wickednesses in Isaiah’s day. Neither will He overlook them today.
We must not be so naive to believe that God will overlook the sin and wickedness of the blind, ignorant, “dumb dog” religious leaders who will not inform and warn the people and deceive the people who look to them for leadership, saying, "Tomorrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant" (Isaiah 9:12; 56:10-12).
We must not be so naive to believe that God will overtook America’s sin and wickedness of “legalizing" the murder of almoet
Rage % Tempi# Times «(East Point, Oe. 90S
twenty million babies by abortion since the infamous 1973 Supreme Court Roe v. Wade opinion. And what about the almost two million babies that continue to be murdered by abortion each year? The blood of the innocents is now beyond floodstage! And the number is no longer just growing. The number is exploding—with no end in sight. The Bible warns of God’s judgment on societies that allow destruction of innocent life. Any nation spurning that warning does so at its own peril.
We must not be so naive to believe that God will overlook America’s sin and wickedness in “legalizing" and promoting the abominable sin of sodomy.
We must not be so naive to believe that God will overlook the sin and wickedness of political leaders and judges who, under the color of law, plunder the fruits of labor of the citizens to “finance” by “taxation” the murder of babies, sodomy, and every other vile sin and wickedness that God’s Word condemns.
And are we so naive to believe that God will overlook those—including millions of professing Christians—who passively condone such sins and wickedness?
We must not forget God’s solemn warning to those who refuse to hear and obey His Word: "When ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood" (Isaiah 1:15).
America Must Repent or Perish
The handwriting of God is on the wall in America as it indulges in revelry and wickedness as at Belshazzar’s feast. Alas! America is weighed in the balances and found wanting!
The Lord Jesus Christ has warned that “as it was in the days of Noah" and “as it was in the days of Lot” so shall it also be in the days of the coming of the Son of man (Matthew 24; Luke 21).
But it is to be sadly noted that in the most popular and highly publicized programs that call for “morality" and “good government,” the emphasis is only on the importance of political involvement, supporting good legislation, and a reformed or revamped court system.
As true as it is that Christians have failed to be actively involved in the political and legislative process; as important as it is that Christians get involved; as commendable as all honorable efforts may be to get them involved in these areas—these things are not the cause of or the solution to
America’s problems.
America is in the wretched condition it is
because of sin\
Those who believe that America can be spared of God's judgment and restored to a
January 5,1909
place of blessing and greatness apart from
genuine repentance, and faith in and obedience to the Lordship of Jesus Christ and the Law of God are suffering from a severe case of historical naivety!
Mere political, legislative, and judicial action will not restore or save America There must be repentance—a turning from satan to the Lord Jesus Christ, from darkness to light, from sin to righteousness, and from Baal (state) worship to the worshipping of the Lord Jesus Christ in spirit and truth!
The Lord’s warning is clear. "Except ye repent, you shall all perish" (Luke 13:3,5). Unless there is genuine repentance and obedience to the Lord Jesus Christ, America will perish as a free nation.
The Nature of True Repentance
The nature of true repentance is clearly and unmistakably laid down in God’s Word. It begins with knowledge of sin. It goes on to work sorrow for sin. It leads to confession of sin before God. It shows itself before man by a thorough breaking off from sin. It results in a deep hatred for sin. It is manifested by a joyful submission to the Lordship of Jesus Christ. Above all, it is inseparably connected with a lively faith in and an abiding love for the Lord Jesus Christ.
Where Repentance Must Begin
The Lord commands all men everywhere to repent (Acts 17:30). A nation consists of individuals. The corporate sins of America must be personalized. Repentance for the corporate sins of America must also be personalized. Every person must examine his own heart and acknowledge and repent of his own sins that have promoted and approved of the corporate sins of the
nation.
Repentance and restoration must begin with the Christians. Our Lord’s last message in the book of Revelation to five churches in Asia was repentance, and each time He pronounced a severe penalty for a failure to repent. “I will remove...I will fight...I will kill...I will come as athief...! will spew you out of my mouth." These are words of judgment.
Because today’s modern Christianity is "rich and increased with goods" there does not seem to be even a remote interest in repentance. Hearts are cold and hard. Necks are stiff. Knees are unbended. There are but few broken and contrite hearts. The Lord will surely spew unrepentant, “institutional Christianity" out of His mouth just as He did in the case of Laodicea.
appeals to the individual: “If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me" (Revelation 3:20).
Continued on Page Three
OKLAHOMA PASTOR JAILED
Pastor Glen Ellis of the Believers Family Fellowship in Tulsa, Oklahoma, was released from jail on December 20, 1985, after serving almost two months in jail.
His crime?
He and the Believers Family Fellowship have refused to apply for or accept a civil government license to conduct the daily educational ministries of the church.
It is their conviction that as an unincorporated and unregistered church that believes that Jesus Christ is the only sovereign Head and Lord of the church, it would be a violation and denial of their Christian faith to recognize the state as another "sovereign" by applying for or accepting a state license to conduct the ministries of the church
Pastor Ellis and the church have made it clear that their opposition is not against reasonable health and safety standards. According to Pastor Ellis there are no health or safety violations They simply object to the church being licensed by the state.
But Tulsa County District Attorney David Moss and State Court Judge Dan Boudrau evidently have no respect tor or interest in the religious convictions of Pastor Ellis and the Believers Family
by Robert McCurry
Church.
Pastor Ellis reports that on July 17,
1985, two people from the Department of Human Services, two people from the Health Department two people from the Police Juvenile Division, and two uniformed city police arrived at the Believers Family Church armed with a search warrant to confiscate all records, "especially financial records,"' and all other materials relating to the ministry.
On October 31, IMS. Judge Dan Boudrau Jailed Pastor Cuts for itt months on an alleged "contempt of court* charge for conducting the ministries of Believers Family Fellowship without a state license
The ministries Of the church, however, continued uninterrupted under ete wetctv care of several peetori anti laymen from across the nation who went to Tulsa to stand with end support Pastor Cuts and the church According to reports from the church, several threats by the etr* thortties to jaM she acting pastor end other vt siting minis tars and to doe# the ministry never fnatenafitetl Obviously, since the defy ministry of the church continued unmiorimKofl while Pastor Ellis was miad, tha issue is fealty not the 'safety or health" of the children in-
volved in the ministry. The issue is government licensure and control of the church. The real issue is. Who is the sovereign Head and Lord of the Believers Bible Fellowship? The state of Oklahoma or the Lord Jesus Christ?
Since the daily educational ministry would be closed during the holidays, Pastor Ellis was released from jail on December 20 when he agreed to an "indefinite suspension" of the daily ministries to "reevaluate the ministry."
Pastor Ellis states. “I made it clear that the statement was signed under threat, duress, and coercion." Tha suspension, according to Pastor Ellis, "in no way compromises our conviction or jeopardises our position on tha Lordship or jurisdictional issues We have not lost anything by temporarily suspending the deity ministries The authorities are well aw ere that the daily ministries are scheduled to resume on January 6,1986 "
The District Attorney has stated, according to Pastor Ellis, that ha will move forward to have the church approved end licensed by the state whether the daily ministries resume or not.
Pastor CMen Elite can b# contacted et The Delivers Family Church, P O Box 89037, Tiaea. OK 74180 Phone Church 918-835-Wff Home 918-742-3975
When A Nation Forgets God
Continued fro** Peg* Two
Will you hear His voice and obey?
It is repent or perish.
There is no other alternative for the individual or for America.
Who Will Celt to Repentance?
Preaching repentance is the loneliest and the most thankless business in the world. The preacher who faithfully preaches repentance will soon understand what Joseph Parker meant when he said, “The man whose sermon is repentance sets himself against his age and will for the time being be battered mercilessly by the age whose moral tone he challenges. There is but one end for such a man—‘off with his head!* You had better not preach repentance until you have pledged your head to heaven."
The preacher who stands for God and righteousness and exposes sin thereby "sticks his neck out" and becomes the target of all the subtle and sinister attacks of satan and his cohorts.
It is not easy to be faithful in a day Mm this. In such a time what is a preacher to do? Read the second chapter of EzefcteL The prophet was to face an impudent, softhearted. and rebellious people. "Whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear” Ezekiel was to speak God’s Words until ’They should know that a prophet had been among them.”
May the Lord be pleased to give us faithful preachers who will "preach the Word" and call all men everywhere to repentance without fear, favor, apology, or compromise.
The Future of America There comes a time when God says, “It is enough." it happened in Noah’s day and God sent the flood. It happened in Lot’s day and God rained fire and brimstone on Sodom and Gomorrah. It happened in the days of Jeremiah. “And the Lord God of their fathers sent to them his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he
had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place but they mocked the messengers of God. and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the Lord arose against his people, W there was no remedy" (II Chronicles 36:15.16).
Has God said to America. "It is enough?" Only the Lord knows the answer to that question. He is sovereign. He is omniscient. The one thing we do know is that the Lord has commanded the church and "alt men everywhere to repent" and "except we repent, we will ail perish." Although it is apparent that God’s judgment is on America, let every knee bow before the sovereign Lord God and cry to Him for His mercy, His grace, and His forgiveness.
“Who can tell if God will turn away from his fierce anger that we perish not?” (Jonah 3:9)
The Lord Jesus Christ has promised: Ai I that the Father giveth me shall come to me, and him that cometh to me i will no wise cast out” (John 6:37).
Amen
Temple Timet — East Point Ga. 30344 January 5,1966 Page 3
Colorado Pastor Fined — Sentenced to
Six Months In Jail
by Robert McCurry
Pastor Richard Blanche of the Bible Faith Fellowship Church in Colorado Springs. Colorado, has been sentenced to spend 180 days in jail and fined $1,000.
His crime?
Conducting Bible studies and worship and serving breakfast to friends in his home without a government license. Such religious activities, civil authorities charge, constitute a "Religious Institution" in a R-1 6000 (residential) zone.
There have never been any charges of disturbing the peace and tranquility of the neighborhood by either noise or traffic. The authorities are upset simply because they believe Pastor Blanche is "doing something religious” in his home. Any religious activity in the home, according to the authorities, must be licensed and regulated with a "special use permit.”
“The city freely admits that ‘religion’ is the reason I have been prosecuted,” Pastor Blanche said. “If I had people into my home for a ‘Bronco party’ to watch the local team play football on television, to play cards, or to engage in some other worldy amusement, the city would have no complaint. But because people are motivated by ‘religion’, the city feels that this is an evil that must be stopped.”
The real irony of this situation is that criminal charges were instituted against Pastor Blanche after he had gone to city officials and requested that they clarify the vagueness of the ordinance that defines "Religious Institution” as an "establishment for the conduct of religious activities.” "Religious activities” are not defined. Rather than give a clarification, the city filed criminal charges and proceeded with prosecution.
At his sentencing, the judge informed Pastor Blanche that he would suspend his fine and jail sentence if "you promise me that you will stop preaching in your home for the length of your appeal.” When Pastor Blanche informed the judge that he could not make such a promise because "my God requires me to be the Priest in my family whether it’s just my family or many people there,” the judge warned Pastor Blanche that if he dtd not change his mind, "I will put a stay on your sentence that will not allow you to get out of jail during your appeal. You will make your appeal from jail!” Fortu-
nately, the judge had overstepped his authority and was unable to carry out his threat.
Pastor Blanche has consistently maintained that the ordinance under which he has been prosecuted is unconstitutional. First, because it is so vaguely written that the average citizen cannot be certain what conduct it proscribes. What does it mean by "religious activity?”
Second, the ordinance is overly broad in that it regulates things that government has no authority to regulate, that is, what religious activities a family conducts in their own home.
Third, the ordinance inhibits the free exercise of religion by allowing government to dictate the types and nature of “religious” activities in a private home.
Fourth, it infringes on freedom of speech, placing a prior restraint on speech just because the government views it as “religious.”
Fifth, it unjustly limits the right to freely assemble and associate just because the purpose of that assembly is perceived as “religious.”
Finally, it denies “religious” people equal protection of laws, discriminating against them just because of their creed and body of beliefs.
A “contempt of court” hearing for Pastor Blanche for allegedly violating a “temporary restraining order” that prohibited him from having any kind of
"religious activity” in his home has been scheduled for January 3, 1986.
A new trial on the criminal charges for conducting Bible studies and worship and having invited guests for breakfast in his home has been scheduled for January 24, 1986.
WARNING!
The "land use” ordinance that makes home Bible studies, worship, and “religious activities” "illegal” without government license and control that Pastor Blanche has been prosecuted under is "model legislation” that exists in many cities and counties throughout the nation.
These "land use” ordinances are also affecting the erection of new church buildings. The Clayton County Commission (a county adjoining Atlanta, Georgia) voted on November21,1985, to deny zonings for two churches. The First Love Fellowship Church and the Emmanuel Presbyterian Church have been denied a “conditional use permit” (license) in an agricultural district because zoning regulations consider churches to be commercial entities. The County Commission said commercial entities, that is, churches, cannot be placed in residential areas.
Wake up preachers! Wake up Christians! Wake up America!
Pastor Richard Blanche can be contacted at 2804 Country Club Circle, Colorado Springs, CO 80909. Phone: (303)630-8091.
TEMPLE TIMES Published By CALVARY TEMPLE 2560 Sylvan Road • East Point, Ga. 30344
Address Correction Requested
Non-Profit Org. U.S. Postage PAID Atlanta, Ga. Permit No. 1484
Temple Times is sent without charge to those who request it. It is supported by the gifts of those who, voluntarily, desire to be part of this ministry.
Permission to reprint is granted where proper credit is given and the material is used to bring honor and glory to the Lord God.
r
4 Temple Timet — Eatt Point, GA. 30344 January 6,1986