Membership Goal, Nationwide Circulation, S,000,000
COLLECTOR’S EDITION
MEMBERS ISSUE	PUBLISHED MONTHLY	DONATION REQUEST $5 00
Dear Patriot,
Thank you for your concern and support. May God direct your foot steps. Christian Civil Liberties Association publishes The Militia News, and operates a nationwide militia information center for locally controlled militias across America. Seminars on 'How to form and maintain militias' are arranged by appointment for Patriots wishing to form said militias for the purpose of preparing for eminent invasion by both foreign and domestic enemies of America, (any state)
The United States government has shown its evil intent by its constant and purposeful violations of every right granted to us by Almighty God and guaranteed by the United States Constitution. It strives to disarm us as if we were an enemy. It treats us as its enemy. And, with its calculated massacres of our people, it has shown itself to be our enemy, while it continues to imprison innocent Patriots on government manufactured crimes.
We must not stand by and cravenly allow these brutal tyrants to betray our country, erase our heritage, and enslave our children for generations to come. We must make our country once again a land of liberty and justice. And, like our patriotic forefathers, who in 1776 pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honors to make this land free and independent, we must not allow our enemies to disarm us.
Regarding our Patriot's Privacy Library: Please be advised that in order for us to continue our educational services to concerned Americans, we must ask for non-tax deductible donations. The purpose is to cover our cost of delivering to as many Americans as possible, the message that more locally controlled militias must be formed nationwide in order to save this great country, our great constitution, and the lives of our families from foreign and domestic enemies which are now on the move.
Christian Civil Liberties Association (CCLA) is a distributor of knowledge and advocates the right to free speech. CCLA is not in the business of selling books, guides, or anything else. All donations and gifts are applied toward the great cause of restoring, preserving, and maintaining~the Constitution of the United States of America through The Peoples "Unorganized" Militia which is in keeping with the second amendment and U.S. Code Title 10. Section 31 i (Militia).
War veterans who cannot afford a donation please let us know. We will understand and will ship your selection to you as a matter of courtesy.
Our Patriots Privacy Library consists of underground books, reports, guides and videos of which many titles give explicit and precise details of the formulation and construction of fully automatic weapons, suppressors, booby traps and explosives. All titles listed are distributed for educational purposes only. CCLA and The Militia News will not be responsible for the use or misuse of any information contained in said library. Please use the knowledge found in our library of books, reports, guides and videos in a lawful manner, and with the highest moral discretion.
God Bless You.
Sincerely,
of> 100/
I IA/A
rcH
President
Thomas Jefferson —
"Resistance To Tyrants Is Obedience To God."
Resistance To Tyranny
A resistance movement is any large number of citizens organized for the purpose of trying to change or abolish an oppressive government. The usual reasons for such a movement are three: (1) The government is tyrannical. (2) It rules outside the bounds of legitimate authority. (3) The elective or petition processes are not adequate for the reforms needed.
For many years, patriotic leaders have been working to unite Americans in just such a cause. Now the only question remaining is whether the determination to support organized dissent exists, because a resistance movement can only form and succeed if irate citizens are sufficiently indignant about the way the government is oppressing them that they will organize and commit themselves to the effort and sacrifices necessary to remove the tyranny.
Attack On Freedom
This concern over our diminishing rights becomes more frightening as we realize that the political system is now completely infected with such racial socialist policies as:
—Taxing the incomes of hard-working Christian people to subsidize the unconscionable, immoral practice of destroying life in the wombs of expectant mothers.
—Prohibiting the free exercise of religion in public life by court orders and government regulations.
—Imposing immoral "sexual preference" life styles upon our children, by indoctrination in our schools and our churches, by exalting sexual perversion, and by enacting laws to give homosexuals special recognition and civil rights.
—Enforcing unjust laws and court orders against the majority of our people — favoring selected racial groups in areas of government, industry, education, employment and taxation.
—Forcing Americans of different races to integrate socially and economically, in violation of their constitutional right to freedom of association. This policy is
designed to destroy our cultural heritage as well as the racial and ethnic families of the nation.
—Passing laws which give special preferences and social security to illegal aliens, and admitting hoards of unassimilables into the country, while simultaneously declaring a spurious war on poverty which fails the needs of our own deserving poor.
Politicians
Because of their cowardice in office, politicians have allowed mobs of unruly minorities to bum and waste our cities, and then used the carnage as an excuse to force racial integration upon innocent people who have a right to freedom of association.
Cowardly and deceitful politicians have dishonored the nation by foisting upon the people a known communist dupe as an American hero, declaring a national holiday in his name. They have suppressed the truth about this religious hypocrite by ordering the official records of his corruption sealed.
By their policies of accommodation, successive Congresses and Presidents have aided and abetted the enemies of the nation; have weakened our national security by foreign entanglements; and have passed laws involving us in the internal affairs of friendly nations for strictly racial reasons.
Federal officials have diminished and undermined our national sovereignty by giving away the wealth of the nation under the guise of foreign aid, while they plunged our citizens and our country into hopeless debt by irresponsible, deficit spending.
What Must We Do?
Freedom loving Americans must dissent from such policies and resist the tyranny that promotes them. We must throw off this yoke of oppression which is destroying our national character. This is not an easy task, but we can prevail once we begin thinking as a highly indignant people instead of as individual Democrats, Republicans, Populists, Conservatives or Libertarians.
How, then, shall we begin? First, we must stop referring to the politicians in power as "our" government, and starting calling them "the" government. For surely they do not serve the will of the
people who elect them. Our posture must unequivocally inform them that by their oppressive laws, regulations and orders, they have breached the trust of protecting our liberties — which is their sworn responsibility.
We must then draft a document that is clear and uncompromising, a document directed to those political institutions that are disparaging our inalienable rights to life, liberty, property, freedom of association and religious expression. Because of the obviousness of the acts and the clear identity of the culprits, the ordinance should be directed to those socialist agents and secular humanists who are undermining our rights and freedom, especially those in our nation's capitol. It must sever our moral obedience to the despots who plunder our incomes, extend their power over us, and direct our lives to conform with their notions of a NEW WORLD ORDER of racial socialism.
Our Right And Duty
The resolution of grievances wrought by tyrants is an American prerogative. We have a fine example in the patriots who led the rebellion against the Crown. They were middle class intellectuals and property owners. They were the people who had the most to lose should their cause fail — merchants, plantation owners, men of the professions, and even the clergy. Of the fifty-six who signed our Declaration of Independence, twenty-five were lawyers and jurists.
The ordinance drafted to resist this tyranny can not and must not be some puny petition or sterile grievance. It must be the cornerstone of a massive dissent which bolsters the will of the faint hearted, and which will be defended by all the legal and moral resources we can command. It must have the power and force to withstand the threat and coercion of the police state tactics which will be sent against it. Freedom is not free; we know the fate of the fifty-six men who penned and signed our first Declaration of Independence.
The ordinance must then be communicated to freedom loving Americans in every corner of the land so that our determination to resist tyranny becomes common knowledge. How else will the ruling despots know that we've had enough if we don’t clearly tell them? We must then demonstrate our resolve to resist the racial socialism they are imposing upon us.
Devotion To Ideals
We know that men are not wiUing to die for a
welfare grant or a tax break. However, throughout history, patriots have demonstrated that they will fight and die for an ideal. We must, therefore, be right in our cause, and by our virtue we shall be strong enough to prevail. And prevail we must, for the limits of tyrants are determined by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
Each generation of a free people must be prepared to defend its inalienable right to life and property, and to fight, if need be, to resist the tyranny of usurping despots. For, when the Constitution and the natural rights of the people are continually despised and disregarded, and when the people's right to engage in free association is held in no higher regard than the caprice of some federal bureaucrat, then surely the people's alienation of affection from such government is a natural consequence, and to that end it must come. Loyalty to a government that rules by tyranny must be withdrawn, and the resistance to racial socialism must begin.
Moreover, we must identify and align ourselves with those who are willing to stand firm and fight if need be for those ideals, rights and values of which we speak. For, as Benjamin Franklin so clearly and justly stated when our noble forefathers were giving their all — even their lives — for the cause of freedom:
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
* *	*	*	*	4c
The above article is a position statement set forth by the National Justice Foundation in its ongoing efforts to educate the citizens of this nation regarding their great American heritage and to instill in them the spirit of the Founding Fathers that they might preserve those rights and liberties given them by God, and so wisely set down and courageously defended by our forbearers who gave their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor that this country, with its great Constitution and Bill of Rights, might be created and endure.
We commend the National Justice Foundation for its noble commitment and significant contribution to the cause of freedom, the restoration of morality and responsibility in government, and the preservation of our American heritage.