Christian Defense League P.O. Box 449 Arabi, LA 70032
January, 2000 Dear Christian Friend:
We're moving ahead with our projects. Have temporarily been held up because of a broken hose on the washer, which flooded out the bottom floor of the house while I was out of town.
I planned to send each and every one receiving this letter a small gift from us. Last year we sent out a letter opener which brought back a number of gracious comments from those who received them. I had planned to send out another small gift as a token of our thanks for your support for this work, but those plans went awry as linoleum, carpets and furniture (as well as many of our books and reference material) were destroyed in the "flood."
As I write this letter, carpets and linoleum are being torn out and what' s left of the downstairs furniture is standing on edge wherever we can find space.
Insurance will cover part of the loss but we will still need some help to finish the repair/replacement work.
So far your response to our plan to reprint and distribute "Did Six Million Really Die?" in newspaper format in mass quantities, has been heartening. We still have a way to go to raise the funds needed, but things look positive at this point.
By the time you receive this letter, David Irving will be in court taking on those who have lied about him in the past because of his determination to tell the truth about the alleged "gassing" of Jews in WW II. The more copies of "Did Six Million Really Die?" that we can get into circulation—the better.	...	.
Please keep in mind that the CDL Report was the only patriotic publication in the United States to explain to patriots the real facts behind the "Y2K" fraud. We watched as a number of so-called "patriotic" publications raked in money by the bushel as they sold ads to hucksters trying to sell everything from survival food to you name it to patriots so they could survive the "Y2K" crash. (See the April, 1999 Issue #219 of the CDL Report).
As we go to press one "patriotic" preacher whio told his flock that "Y2K" was "Armageddon" is now telling his "sheeple" that he was wrong but "...his warnings about it caused the problem to be fixed by the government!!!!!'! What gall. (
The CDL Report has been giving you the truth since 1975, and we will continue to do so.
Please order and distribute as many copies of "Did Six Million Reallv Die?" as you can. Many thanks for your continued support fur ttii& work.
/ James K. Warner