* Despite, or rather more probably because of, his daring solo flight to Scotland in a vain attempt to sway an influential Scottish friend to intervene on behalf of a negotiated peace, Rudolf Hess was sentenced to life imprisonment at Nuremberg on the novel charges of “crimes against the peace'* and “conspiracy to wage aggressive war.** Thereafter, while Germany’s surviving leaders, who, whatever their guilt in commanding their nation and its armed forces in a desperate, world-wide struggle, were released one by one in the two decades following their convictions, Hess continued his lonely imprisonment in Berlin’s Spandau Fortress for almost twenty years, the last of them in ever deteriorating health and near blindness.
FRAU ILSE HESS
Rudolf Hess* daring, fruitless peace-flight to Britain was one of the outstanding episodes of the Second World War. In the introduction to this book Frau Hse Hess describes those fateful days in May, 1941. Thereafter she lets her husband speak through his own letters of the lone flight to Scotland and adventurous night landing by parachute. The letters describe the years in English imprisonment, the months in the dock at Nuremberg, and Hess’s thoughts and conversations behind the walls of Spandau Prison where he was incarcerated in solitary confinement from 1947 until his death on August 17,1987.
Hess was found “Not Guilty” by the International Military Tribunal in Nuremberg of charges of having committed crimes against humanity and war-crimes. He was found guilty of “plotting against the peace.”
In the third volume of his War Memoirs, Sir Winston Churchill said that Hess “came to us of
his own free will, and, though without authority, had something of the quality of an envoy.”
Hess indeed knew and was capable of understanding Hitler’s inner mind— his hatred of Soviet Russia and Bolshevism, his admiration for Britain and earnest wish to be friends 'with the British Empire.
Rudolf Hess
PRISONER OF PEACE
THE FLIGHT TO BRITAIN AND ITS AFTERMATH
As the letters unfold it will be seen how Hess reconciles himself to his fate in spite of political and human disappointments. One senses the deep affection for England even after years of imprisonment. There is not a bitter word in this book but it nevertheless passes judgement on the politicians of destruction of 1941, on the Tribunal of 1946 and on the jailers of today. World literature knows only a few booksl which Fate speaks so clearly.
Rl'DOIT
m
STILL THE ONLY POSTWAR WRITING OF RUDOLF HESS AVAILABLE IN ENGLISH
RUDOLF HESS: PRISONER OF PEACE Translated from the German of Frau Use Hess Edited by George Pile Paperback ■ 151 pages ■ Illustrated $7.95 plus $2.00 P & H Order from:
SONS OF LIBERTY Box 214 ■ Metairie, LA. 70004