CHRISTIAN DEFENSE LEAGUE P.O.BOX 449 ARABI, LA 70032
September 2000	'	(
Dear Christian Friend:
I’ve been working on getting many key articles from the late Gerald L. K. Smith’s uCross and the Flag,” into print. I am trying to finish this project but I am short several articles from 1947 to 1955.
Rev. Smith used to have the “Cross and the Flag” bound into yearly issues in bindings. If you have any of these issues from 1947 to 1955—we would appreciate it if you could donate them to this work so we can finish our project.
As we go to press we have received an article about the Franciscan order of the Catholic Church changing New Testament documents in order to take out or change •any negative reference to the Jews. Also, the Catholic Bishops in Poland have ordered local priests to read an apology to the Jews for what the Jews allege that the Catholics have done to them in the past.
We were the first ones to expose this Jewish encouraged Bible translation scheme fostered by the Jews in 1973, when we reprinted an article from the New York Times “Panel of Jewish Scholars Translating the Bible.” Talmudic Jews have been working on their “translation” of the Bible and now the Franciscans have embraced this Satanic activity.
Is the Pope totally senile and is he being controlled by Jewish controlled satanic forces in the Vatican? Everything he does seems to be geared towards destroying Christianity and Western Civilization. About five years ago one Cardinal from Africa said that Satanic forces were at work in the Vatican. How right he was.
Understanding this Satanic force In our society Is easy once you have read “Brotherhood” by the late Elizabeth Dilllng.
Mrs. Dilllng, as you may know, wrote “The Plot Against Christianity.” which documents and exposes the Satanic nature of the Jewish Talmudic religion and its anti— Christ messages.
Mrs Dilllng wrote her masterful treatise in response to statements made and acts taken by the so-called “National Council of Christians and Jews."
After reading her report it becomes clear why any alliance with the Jews acts in the interests of those trying to destroy Christianity.
Those who help its with a contribution tfar.il month and ask for it. will receive a copy of “Brotherhood” by Elizabeth Dilllng.
I also urge our supporters to order a copy of “The Gospel of St. John: Identity Interpretation” based in the sermons of Dr. Wesley Swift.
The Gospel of St. John has been consistently attacked by the Jews because it proves that the Jews have been carrying on a war against Christianity from the very begin-
ning.
In the 1960s a hateful Jew wrote for the “Philosophical Library'* under the pen name “Dagobert Runes." At that time he wrote his “interpretation’* of the Gospel of St. John, which left out all negative references to the anti-Christ Jews.
Now, because of treason within Christianity, what the Jew “Runes" speculated on has become a reality within mainstream Christianity.
Thank you for your support for this work.
Sincerely,
Journey K. Warner
P.S. “Jewish “Brotherhood?" “In half century after the fall of the Jewish State a new race had arisen, who inherited the zealous spirit of their fathers, and who bore in their hearts a vivid remembrance of their independence...The Judean leaders of the rebellion appear to have been two courageous men from Alexandria. Julianus and Pappus...The Egyptian Jews ; who In former times had been loyal to the Romans, this time made common cause with the rebels, and conducted operations as in every other revolution. They first attacked the neighboring towns, killed the Romans and Greeks, and avenged the destruction of their nationality on their nearest enemies. Encouraged by the result, they collected troops and attacked the Roman army under Lupus, who commanded the legions against the Jews. In the first encounter the wild enthusiasm gave the Jews and advantage over the Romans, and Lupus was defeated. The results of this victory were scenes of horror and barbarity on both sides....The Jews are s aid to have eaten the flesh of the captive Greeks and Romans, to have smeared themselves with their blood, and to have wrapped themselves in the skins tom off them...ln Cyrenaica 200,000 Greeks and Romans were slain by the Jews, and Lybia, the strip of land to the east of Egypt, was so utterly devastated that, some years later, new colonies had to be sent thither...The Cyprian Jews are said to have destroyed Salamis the capitol of the island, and to have killed 240,000 Greeks...*' History of the Jews by Rabbi H. Graetz, Vol. 2, pages 394 to 396.
September 2000
Christian Defense League P.O. Box 449 Arabi, LA 70032
Dear Dr. Warner:
The number on the label on the envelope 1 received the CDL Report in is #236 or less Please renew my subscription to the CDL Report. I’m enclosing $35_for 12 issues or $ 100__for 48.
I’m enclosing a contribution in the amount of $___please send me a	copy of “Brotherhood” by Elizabeth
Dilling.
I want to take this opportunity to order a copy of “The Gospel of St. John: Identity Interpretation” based on the work of Dr. Wesley Swift. I’m enclosing a contribution of $10 or more. Enclosed is $__
NAME	I	H It' Ufi • ,
ADDRESS
CITY, STATE, ZIP