CHRISTIAN DEFENSE LEAGUE
P.O. BOX 449 ARABI. LOUISIANA 70032 (504) 738-3319
October 1987
Dear Patriot:
In September 1986, our columnist, Dr. John Coleman did a special article on Kurt Waldheim. In this article Dr. Coleman outlined the reason why the Jews were now attacking Kurt Waldheim, after knowing about his war record for the past 41 years.
At that time he stated that a deal had been struck with the Soviet Union to allow some 400,000 Jews to leave that country for Israel over the next several years. However, the big problem for the Zionists was that most of the Jews leaving the Soviet Union were making plans to go to Canada, the United States and Australia.
Jews coming out of the Soviet Union were being allowed to stop over in Vienna, Austria and during their "stop overs" they were "defecting" and going to the United States and other western countries.
At that time the Jews were secretly making overtures to Romania
to make that country the stop over point for Soviet Jews-----and plans
were being made to MAKE Jews leaving the Soviet Union go from Romania to Israel---not allowing them to defect.
However, since Austria had been the stop over point for the Jews since World War II, the Jews had to have a good reason as to why Romania would be picked as the new stop over point.
Thus, we see the barage of hate levelled against Kurt Waldheim, and de-facto against Austria. All of a sudden the Jewish controlled world press was ranting about the Austrians being "anti-Semitic" and about Waldheim being a "Nazi" and "war criminal".
Now, according to a recent article in THE SENTINEL, negotiations between Israel and Romania over making Romania the stop over point for Jews, has broken down and the Jews are making overtures to Hungary as the new stop over point! As usual, Dr. Coleman was a year ahead of all other press sources with his information.
Thanks to the support of many of our members and subscribers we have been able to send Dr. Coleman the money he needed for his eye operation and other health problems his family was having.
I want to personally thank each and every one who helped make his operation a reality. He is now coming back stronger than ever and his new reports are DYNAMITE!
If any of you haven't sent for the report METAPHYSICS, MIND CONTROL, ELF TRANSMISSIONS AND WEATHER MODIFICATION---! suggest
you do so as soon as possible! This is a startling report (in written format or two cassette tapes) on how the Soviet Union is using the inventions of Nicola Tesla to destroy the defense systems of the West.
He goes into detail on how the Soviet spy network operates and how they are using Tesla inventions to scramble the brains of leading scientists. He also goes into how Tesla weapons are being used to bring disaster to our space program and bring about strange weather
conditions. If you haven't ordered this report------I suggest that
you do so as soon as possible. I believe that this is the most important report by Dr. Coleman in the past two years and it is all new information not released before. (Those who contribute $50 or more to help us with our projects will receive either the two cassette tapes or written report)
Dr. Coleman has also come out with a hard hitting report on ZIONIST TERRORISM. In his new report, he goes into detail, naming names, etc. on Jewish terrorism world wide.
Dr. Coleman is one of the leading intelligence analysists of our time and we need to keep him in a position where he can keep hitting back at the enemy.
We've just come through a critical condition regarding the CDL and Dr. Coleman and we still have a lot of debts to pay off. In the past six months we've added over 3,000 new people to our. mailing, list.
We must continue to get our reports, books, cassette tapes, videocassettes and pamphlets into the hands of NEW PEOPLE who can join with us in winning this fight. To do this we need YOUR support for this work.
Dear Dr. Warner:
I want to help the CDL reach new people and I'm enclosing a contribution in the amount of $
I'm enclosing a contribution of $25.00 or more please send me Dr. Coleman's new report on ZIONIST TERRORISM. I would like (	) tape | I written report. I'm enclosing a contribution in the
amount of $______.
I'm enclosing a contribution of $50.00 or more please send me the above report plus METAPHYSICS, MIND CONTROL, ELF TRANSMISSIONS AND WEATHER MODIFICATION..1 would like the above reports in ( ) tapes (	) written report. I'm enclosing $
NAME	-_________________________
ADDRESS
CITY	STATE	ZIP