APRIL 1995
A PUBLICATION OF THE NEW CHRISTIAN CRUSADE CHURCH P. O. BOX 449, ARABI, LA 70032 PUBLISHED MONTHLY SINCE 1975 JAMES K. WARNER - EDITOR J. KEDYS - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ISSUE 178


OPEN LETTER TO AMERICA
By The Hon. Prince Mohammed Afy Khan Founder and Leader of The Albanian Government in Exile
Prince Aly Khan
Dear American Friends:
It is a worldwide spread and hermetically sealed evil organization of "The Brotherhood" which for centuries has fomented crimes after crimes, wars after wars,
TCVo\wt\otvs atot t c\ o\u\ions,
while controlling behind the scenes every government of every nation throughout the world and pulling the strings of each political, economic, financial entities for their ultimate goal ... The New World Order also known as Novus Ordo Seclorum.
These nefarious forces of the extreme superwealthy, including monarchs, industrialists, financiers, bankers, scientists, college professors and politicians, owe their allegiance to no one except to The Brotherhood, and their final acquisition is world control under their own terms and conditions.
These devils in disguise -- or rather, should we say, Satanic-Luciferian inspired Agents -• are about to bring an end to the Republic of the United States of America, and fold it under the jurisdiction of their own World Order, using as a Praetorian Authority the so-called United Nations fully under their thumb.
Americans, this is it!! It will be an end to the old U.S.A. and with it, everything that was so dear, noble, and inspiring to you all. It will be the end of this great country!
The Brotherhood now is
moving swiftly in these
moments of despair (despair,
since we have unmasked and
exposed world wide their
activities and their agenda to
bring and/or merge the two
giants (USA and USSR)
together and to capture
America from within, since |
from without via their brainchild, Communism-Socialism has proven to be impossible. This is the power of Mystery Babylon or the Modern Mystery Babylon of the 7 nations of the Trilateral
Commission, a third generation offspring of English Freemasonry. The first generation offspring is the Round Table and the second generation consists of three Round Table groups: The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), The Royal Institute of International Affairs (RIIA) and the Institute of Pacific Relations (IPR). From the Round Table group sprang the third generation in 1973, the Trilateral Commission which was then given the task of implementing English masonry concept of One World Order-Novus Ordo Seclorum! The G-7 are members of Trilateral and also participant are heads of oil companies, multinational corporations and international bankers,
aristocrats and . politicians, including the long-gone President George Bush. The current President Clinton is a member of another fraternity group called The Bildebergers,
anotlaer cover ior l\re
^FieemasomysRo^B^^^tole.
Clinton, os a "Rhode's" tool ~ not Rhode's Scholar though nor does he have the knowledge of an intellectual; he is a full fledged Anglophile.
The Presidential transition from George Bush to Bill Clinton is a transition from the French Templar Masonic control of the Oval Office to the English Zionist Masonic Control, a member of TC and CFR and a puppet of the English Freemasonry. At the meeting of the Bildebergers in 1991 in Baden-Baden, Germany, where Bill Clinton attended and was coached, English Freemasons put their stamp of approval on Clinton’s try for the White House. There Clinton assured the secret society’s listeners to bring the New World Order, and the Oligarchy’s New Age Conspiracy, whether we like it or not ... by show of force if you will!
Their Trojan Horse has already set foot solidly a long, long time ago in New York City on the East Bank of the
Page 2
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
Hudson River as their Right Arm fully backing up and synchronizing the work of their Left Arm, to foment wars, genocide, and revolutions. Their evil plan masterminded from Quatuor Coronati Headquarters in London is to take United States of America intact via South of the Border, where consequently waves of tens of millions of refugees will flood the United States creating the greatest havoc ever experienced in the history of humanity, that their French-instigated revolution of 1789 and their Russian-instigated revolution of 1917 would look like Sunday picnics by comparison.
It is my duty and a privilege, dear Americans, to inform per Urbl et Orbi that the Evil Forces of the "so-called Collapsed" Soviet Communism in perfect coordination with The Brotherhood, has recently dumped in Vera Cruz, Mexico, 300 plus tons of [the] Soviet[s] most advanced weapons and less sophisticated military material ... comprising hundreds of thousands [of] Chinese-made automatic rifles - AK-47s, rocket launchers, bazookas, flame-throwers, hand grenades of different makes, explosives, light artillery and millions of ammunition rounds and thousands of artillery shells.
As you are aware already , the selling of Gorbachev from the conglomerate of Madison Avenue experts was tailor-made to change the American opinion vis-a-vis the perception of Communism. The Internationalists, in exchange for billions of dollars of profit to be made, have sold America down the river. The public relations have made Communism look benign by using the same technique by which they used to sell toothpaste, cars, deodorants, rock groups and, of course, the rotten politicians; but the true purpose was carefully hidden behind the mask of
these media hyped and geniality.
I never forget June 1957 where their stooge Nikita Khrushchev told to the American people:	"I	can
prophecise that your grandchildren in America will live under Socialism. And please do not be afraid of that since your grandchildren will not understand how their grandparents did not understand the progressive nature of the Socialist Society."
This was not Nikita really saying [this] but the RIIA, the TC, the CFR, the Bilderbergers, the IPR, etc., etc.
Perestroika, Glasnost as many others in the past and their fairy tales were only dirty tricks of the power of the media to shape the events of images, perceptions, morals, prejudices, and biased political movements towards a rapprochement with this brand new image of a good Soviet Union (quite opposite to Ronald Reagan's label as an
Evil Empire) where all of a sudden the traitors of the media trying to brainwash Americans with the alleged good nature of Marxists-Leninists thugs bent on to conquer the world, are to be trusted.
I must remind you, dear friends, the 2 hours and 41 minute-television speech of Gorbachev in celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Coup of November 7, 1917:
In October 1917, we parted with the Old World (meaning destroying the Old Monarchy and their bourgeoisie), rejecting once and for all. We are moving towards a New World, the world of Communism. We shall never turn off that road ... when at the dawn of the 20th century, V.I. Lenin put himself at the head of the close-knit group of comrades and set out to organize a proletarian party of a new type of Russia (incidentally, V.I. Lenin did not put himself at the head, but the big German banker Schroeder and Warburg, who shipped him in a sealed train
straight to Russia to accomplish The Brotherhood’s bidding).
It was this great party of Lenin that roused the nation, its best and most devoted forces, of an assault on the Old World. (Yes, of course, an assault murdering 28 million Russians and 5 million Ukrainians starved to death and all the richness of the Romanoffs and the Russian nobility stripped down and shipped to the Rothchilds’ vaults ... the Bank of England.)
Gorbachev knew what he meant since the deal was struck: The New World Order under International Socialism must succeed with the full backing of The Brotherhood. Billions of dollars were poured in that rat-hole, high technology was given free to enhance their war machineiy: long-range missiles guidance; long-range bombers, including jet technology; alloys needed for missiles and submarine construction; technology used in submarine detection; radar for air defense and missiles systems; micro-electronics
needed for ICBMs and other missile construction computer for Battle Management, etc., etc., complimentfs] of The Brotherhood via [the] USA.
The 300-plus tons of the cargo unloaded in Vera Cruz, Mexico, on August 5, 1994, is verifiable by the bill of lading from the local Mexican authorities, who, being part of the schemes, pushed and stripped the tourists from their films and cameras in order to keep the whole thing in hush-hush. That is why Fidel Castro, also part of the scheme, pushed forward the Cuban exodus in order to divert the attention of the American people from Vera Cruz to Florida. With the invasion of Haiti soon to occur, the pictures of horror and what not, will be brought constantly into your living room, taking away your attention on what is happening in Mexico. Although Mr.
Aristide, an incompetent, mentally sick [man] who tortured priests and nuns, the stooge and an asset of the drug trafficking business, he is secondary in respect to their major plan: to capture [the] USA.
On the other hand, 50,000 AK-47 assault rifles have been smuggled from [the] USA to the rebels of Mexico to foment this Mexican uprising. The Mexican Minister of Defense, Antonio Rivielo Bazan, confirms that only
20,000	of such weapons were fallen in the hands of the rebels of Chiapas and the rebels of the State of Guerrero in Mexico.
As it is known, the Mexican insurrection occurred on January 2, 1994, under the Zapatista leader, Marcos, who apparently stood for the rights of the peasants (as always in any revolution backed by The Brotherhood where the peasants and workers play a major part and at the end get the short end of the stickV nevertheless, \nformnt\on
coming from Texas insinuate that the Bush Family, for quite some time, has been fanning the winds of the Mexican Revolution and apparently has been "La Force Motrice" behind Marcos. I wonder, is the Zapata Oil Company of George Bush code named for the future events in Mexico? ...The uprising is taking its momentum regardless of temporary compromise of the Mexican Government and the rebels vis-a-vis the protection of the Indians and dramatic social-political-economic and land reforms.
Also, Guatemala, bordering with the South of Mexico, plays an important role in this forthcoming revolution and has been a sanctuary for the rebels, Soviet and Cuban military advisors and armaments dispatched en masse from Cuba. The Marxist-Zionists now under the backing of The Brotherhood, via Mossad and
Page 3
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
KGB diumvirate, will cause in a matter of no time at all the eruption of an all-out civil war.
Since in the Eastern Front: Bosnia-Hercegovina, Somalia, Rwanda, ' Burundi, The Brotherhood had not much success in enlarging the Balkan War, due to the fact that The Albanian Government in Exile and its Allies have completely exposed their evil plans for the Third Balkan War; in order to compensate their losses, The Brotherhood this time is going for broke and taking the short cut; that is, take [the] United States of America by show of force, via implosion. It is known for a fact in the high circles, that Mossad, KGB, CIA, SIS, M16, M15, SAS, D.G.S.E. (French Intelligence), with the blessing of Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, are bent one way or another via narco-traffics and revolution to destabilize [the] USA and citalt swcYv a cV\aos, vYval tV\e implementation of FEM A will be the only remedy. George Bush was aware of all this but kept one eye closed and one ear shut and his successor Bill Clinton has kept both shut ... eyes and ears. Certainly, as a Rhodes, he must be obedient to The Brotherhood; otherwise, he will suffer the punishment of the 32nd degree Grand Orient Freemason Roberto Calvi, an Italian multi-billion dollar banker of Banco D’Ambrosiano of Milan, Italy. (The history of this banker is a long one but suffices to mention that for disobeying The Brotherhood’s allegiance, he was found hung from London’s Blackfriar’s Bridge... Blackfriar was the name of the lodge to which he belonged ... he was hung next to the sewer to indicate [the] murderer’s opinion of him; Masonic bricks were found in his pocket to indicate that the Masons were behind [the murder]. Cable tow, used to
lead the initiate round the room during the initiation ceremony in the blue degree, was around his neck indicating he was led from Italy to London by [a] higher-degree mason).
The same ill fate will fall on anyone, whether he be a President of the United States; Prime Minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto; Prime Minister of Turkey, Tansu Ciller; President of Tunisia, Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali; President of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak; President Francois Mitterrand, a 33-degree Mason, or a lesser political figure, Yassir Arafat, or even John Doe, for that matter, if they do not comply with the oath taken when initiated. Well, that is the lifestyle these people have chosen to lead in exchange for power, greed and lust. Do you remember Ronald Reagan’s fatal attempt on his life? Since then, he toed the line with The Brotherhood^ because lie dnJ not want to join the ex-Shah of Iran, Mohammed Riza Pahlevi; Italian Prime Minister, Aldo Moro (the Italian Magistrate put a finger on the 33-degree mason, Henry Kissinger as the man behind the murder); the Turkish late President, Turgut Ozal; the late U.S. President, John F. Kennedy;	and
hundreds and hundreds of others. All these people did not toe the line with the Brotherhood, that is why they are no longer here because they did not try to drive a bargain but sold their souls to the Devil without any question.
Since this is a serious agreement entered voluntarily between the two parties, the initiate himself is by this fact indissolubly bound to his master because it would make no sense to be initiated free of all the obligations and receive in exchange the high lifestyle without paying heavy with
[the] initiate’s very soul.
That’s how dangerous it is
to enter in agreement with the Devil’s agents.
George Bush and so Bill Clinton wouldn’t have a prayer if they change an iota for what they are told to do by the Supreme Order of the The Brotherhood of Quatuor Coronati of London.
I must say that an average Mason knows nothing about these intrigues for they are lead to believe otherwise; but our 30 years of academic research on the subject make us an authority of the matter. Therefore, dear fellow Christian Americans and people worldwide, for that matter, that are not aware of a such sacrilegious deed committed; I must bring to your attention what Apostle Paul said in Corinthians 6:20, that already your souls "are bought with a price," and that price is the precious blood of our Lord Jesus Christ (I Peter 1:18-19). You have committed
A grievous sin when you take
the	o&tbi	ycl Qofl
merciful as Always end He will renew your salvation if you
repent and turn away from this abominable Satanic-Luciferian and Godless institution called ... Freemasomy.
Americans, be aware and shake off the lethargy and concentrate your energy on the reality of life. Let it go for a while, the magic box that The Brotherhood has invented for you to mesmerize you all with all kinds of events and shows, keeping you away from what is going on.
Americans, the events in Mexico are to be taken very seriously since the demise of America would mean the collapse of the World as a whole, and The Brotherhood have set the stage for the demise of [the] U.S.A. where tens of millions of unwanted refugees of thugs, criminals, mentally deranged psychopaths, pimps, prostitutes infected with all kinds of venereal diseases, aids and what not, will terrorize
American people; which is exactly what the Government wants in order to implement their long-sought order: F.E.M.A. (Federal Emergency Management Agency).
The implementation of F.E.M.A. by the Government is already pre-arranged ahead of time to synchronize with the events of Mexico and The Brotherhood is the real force behind it. The strange military vehicles that the newspaper The Spotlight in Washington, D.C. has informed the American people for such a long time, as the Russian military trucks painted in white with the U.N. insignia, the Russian APCS, the Russian tank T72, the Russian mysterious boxes covered with tarp and even the arrogant display of a Soviet Tupolov, TU-20 Bear and Ilyushin IL-76 air-refueling seen in [the] USA, now makes more sense and explains the mystery
it.
Germans, Mongolians, Belgians, Norwegians et al., trained by the U.S. in [the] U.S.A, in order to be ready when push comes to shove ... meaning when the refugees arrive here ... the above combined foreign forces will serve as peace keepers of The Brotherhood’s Government, the so-called U.N. Their forces will not hesitate a bit to shoot down any American citizens if they do not comply with their orders and stand in the way of The New World Order. This is not a joke, America is at stake. Do you remember the film "Amerika"? I wonder were the filmmakers giving us a hint?
Under the F.E.M.A., as per the Presidential Decision Directives and Executive Orders, the Constitution will be suspended and civil liberties and all will be thrown out of the window while the Reign of Terror (such as in the French Revolution) and the Red Terror (such as in the Russian Revolution) will be
See PRINCE ALY KHAN page 14
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
Page 4
THE WALTER PEARSON FINANCIAL REPORT
WALTER D. PEARSON
Walter D. Pearson is the former president of First New England Securities Company „ where he headed the Statistical Department. He is now editor of the Pearson Investment Letter. For $25.00 you may receive a three month trial subscription, or a 14 month subscription for $75 and a copy of his booklet "How to Become A Millionaire." Write: Walter D. Pearson, 1628 White Arrow Drive, Dover, FL 33527.
II Chronicles 7:14 If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from Heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
Now that we are hearing so much about derivatives, people are starting to ask just what they are. Actually this is just a catch phrase to cover a field of investing in something that almost doesn’t exist. The term derivative is used to describe an investment in something that derives its value from something else. For instance, a man might see a piece of property which he likes but either does not want to, or cannot, buy at the present
time. He might pay $5,000 for an option to buy it within a year for a stated figure. If the option is not exercised within that time period, it becomes worthless, but until that time it has a value of $5,000 toward the purchase of the property.
Options are used like this in the stockmarket. When a speculator sees a stock that he is convinced will move up 20,
30 or 40% in the market he can make a nice profit in buying the stock - if he is right. On the other hand, he can leverage his purchase by purchasing options instead. Let’s say that he has $10,000 to invest. He might buy 500 shares of a $20 stock. Or he might put up the $10,000 and buy 10,000 options to purchase the stock at 20 sometime
within the next year. If the stock goes down and never recovers, his investment becomes worthless, but if his $20 stock goes up 1 point he • will have a profit of $500 if he has bought the shares. If he has purchased options his profit would be $10,000. Even higher price rises would mean even higher profits.
Inasmuch as Wall Street has become more like Las Vegas, many other things have been devised to draw in the gambling public. It is too bad that the people cannot see that investors are sure to win -- and gamblers always lose. It was Jesse Livermore who at one time was known as the greatest bear on Wall Street, a legend in	his	time,	and
reputed to	be	one of	the
wealthiest men in the country, who proved the old adage that gamblers never win. When he had bet wrong enough times in a row,	and	faced	more
financial difficulties than he could handle, he went to a bar, had a few drinks, went to the men’s	room and	shot
himself. His last words were,
"My life has been a failure." This from a man who was a millionaire in the days when 5 cents would buy a loaf of bread.
When entering the stockmarket today, a person can buy stocks for cash, or buy on margin, or sell short, (which means selling out a stock which he doesn’t own). He may buy puts, or takes, or straddles. They have even devised a way of making two sales out of one mortgage. You can now buy only half a mortgage. You may purchase the principal, or you may purchase the right to receive the interest payments. They exit up different financial instruments, and in this manner derivatives are formed.
The greatest problem with derivatives comes not from the derivatives themselves but from the fact that one is allowed to purchase with borrowed money. With only 5% down, the investor still owes 95% on his venture. As you can probably figure, this leads to heavy speculation. Many of the larger companies have been bitten. They have just put their toes into the water and have lost millions. It is the leverage involved that creates the mammoth swings. In the case above we showed an investor buying 500 shares of a stock on which he might instead have purchased options and have 10,000 shares working. If he borrowed 95%, he could have purchased
200,000	options. In that manner, if his stock went up 1 point he would have shown a $200,000 profit; a five point rise would have made him a millionaire. Or he could lose it all.
Once you get into this situation, other factors start to work. Interest charges must be met. If the value of the holdings sinks, more collateral is needed by the bankers. Some clever manipulators thought they had found the sure fire, no risk, way to go. They tied in with government obligations, which are no doubt guaranteed to pay off. Everything went as planned until the "Fed" raised interest rates. The value of bonds went down - even government bonds. Many have been caught. Many others have been caught but the results have not yet come to the surface. Many have been hurt, and many more will be hurt. Most people will be touched by these tragedies even though they may not realize it - even
when the bell takes its toll.
The D-bug recently struck again, and killed the oldest bank in England. Perhaps you haven’t heard, or if you have, perhaps you have paid little or no attention to the fact that Barings Bank in England will no longer be accepting deposits or making loans. They, too, fell to the derivatives bug.
Barings blames their bankruptcy to one man. Isn’t that the most unbelievable
Make Your Money Grow
The Pearson Investment Letter
REGULAR - $175 PER YEAR SPECIAL TO CHRISTIAN DEFENSE LEAGUE SUBSCRIBERS 14 months—$75.00 (receive all special letters) 6 months—$40 1 month trial-$ 10 FULL SUBSCRIBERS WILL RECEIVE OUR BOOKLET "HOW TO BECOME A MILLIONAIRE." We accept Management Accounts of $5,000 or More.
Name...............................       ,..................
Address...................................      %
City....    ......................... .......State......Zip..
MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO WALTER PEARSON,
1628 WHITE ARROW DRIVE, DOVER, FLORIDA 33527
-CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995---------------------  —Page	5
thing you’ve ever heard? Not one of the executives, but one man, who had been appointed to do a moderate amount of trading in derivatives in order to make their profit and loss sheet look better.
Because of past experiences, investors are starting to come awake to the possibility that their mutual fund may be gambling in derivatives — with their money. Some financial papers are starting to list those who carry none. We may very well find that people will get a bit chary of banks if this crops up again. Prince Charles had $1.6 million on deposit, and this has been frozen, along with the assets of many others. Depending on the insurance the bank carries, these people may come out with some portion of their assets, but it seems a shame that so many will have to pay the gambling debts of this one man.
When these things happen, everybody pays. You may think that it cannot affect you. T\\as was \w fev%\aivd, and we
live in America; but the point is that it did happen - and to one of the most staid banking institutions in the old country. Investors will be a bit jittery, which will affect stock prices. Insurance companies will be hit for tremendous amounts, which will not help the premium situation.. An insurance company MUST operate at a profit or go out of business. Then too, we have those who were on the right side of the trade with Barings. Barings bet wrong and the other fellow won. But did he? How much can he collect? He may get it all, or he may get a part, or he may get nothing. Very often this fellow will be operating on borrowed money, as was the Baring fellow. If he can’t collect, he may not be able to meet his obligations even though he was a winner. When people gamble on borrowed money, they can create havoc.
Where or when the repercussions will take place is
anybody’s guess, but there is no doubt that they will be many and varied. Already we have heard some unsettling news from Japan. Some of their largest banks face losses of between 100 and 200 millions of dollars on securities they lent to Barings. Then there was the unwinding of Barings massive derivatives positions, and this probably accounts for the Japanese stockmarket’s big fall, and that was only the first day. It is possible that this is only the beginning for the Japanese banks, and if this becomes a gigantic mess, it is possible that the yen will start travelling the same road as the dollar. What comes to my mind is the wizard of Oz. He mixed various things and created awe amongst many. But in the final analysis, the whole thing came apart and he was shown up for the fraud that he was. With luck a few more fi'ascoes may occur and bring down the entire fraudulent Federal Reserve
System.
It seems that the SEC is finally considering doing something about the problem we are having with derivatives. But actually, they have pretty much said that nothing needs to be done as far as policing the industry. What they believe is that the horror stories that have already come out will be enough to alert people to the dangers. The fact of the matter is that the problem is not with the derivatives, it is with the usury that is being allowed. Millions and millions of dollars can be put into derivatives with only 5% down. While it is true that many people — and companies — have learned the hard way, it seems to me that something should be done about mutual funds since they are handling other people’s money, especially if the investor has not been made aware of the fact that they are allowed to gamble by investing in derivatives in this manner. The
usual reason is that they are trying to make their bottomline look better, in comparison with other mutual funds.
Even the "small potatoes" character, who may not know what he is getting into might throw in $5,000 on a flyer. Using the leverage allowed with derivatives, he stands to make — or lose — $20,000 with a 20% move in price. This is gross, and the adjective can be interpreted either way. My dictionary defines gross as: 1. flagrant 2. with no deductions.
It does seem as if someone must do something to keep funds, institutions, companies, or anyone else, from dabbling in derivatives. I think they should be outlawed.
Perhaps you may think we are bearing down on the issue, but I think it is important to know and understand the potential risks as well as the potential profit. Derivative is a
catch-all phrase that covers a
number of ways oi doing
something different in the stock market. Other people may disagree, but I consider it to be a form of gambling.
Another interesting way to lose one’s money by investing in derivatives is to invest in "I O mortgages." The term I O stands for interest only. Many mutual funds have gone this route.
Believe it or not, these financial wizards have thought up ways that have cut your mortgage up into pieces. What started out as a Government National Mortgage, or Ginnie Mae, has been cut up into portions. These pieces are referred to as tranches. Some clever character devised a plan for pooling numerous mortgages, and then cutting them up into Collateralized Mortgage obligations (C M O’s). Other clever characters have carved these pieces up further in order to fit into the desires of different investors.
Another one of the wrinkles that has evolved from this hegemony is the PO, or
principal only. This is a way of buying up mortgages without getting any interest payments. The buyer wins if interest rates go low enough to induce the mortgagee to pay off the loan. I have seen lately that some mutual funds are already withdrawing from the use of derivatives, because they are causing other funds to fail.
On the pessimistic side, we may run into the problems that I envision happening in the future to a somewhat moderate extent. On this basis, only the holder of the mutual funds that run into trouble will suffer. In the worst case, we might get a situation such as that which happened in 1929. Too many participating in too much, with borrowed money.
At that time, I would much have preferred to own individual stocks rather than mutual funds. Mutual fund holdings represent thousands of shares and are more
difftcwlt to v\w\o?vd.	\tv
addition^ it the,
the fan, it may be next to impossible to contact your fund by phone.
When you borrow money at interest, or buy a mutual fund which does, you are going against God’s dictum. In Isaiah, chapter 24, verses 2 and 3 it says, "And, it shall be, as with the people, so with the priest; as with the servant, so with his master, as with the maid, so with her mistress; as with the buyer, so with the seller; as with the lender, so with the borrower; as with the taker of usury, so with the giver of usury to him. The land shall be utterly emptied, and utterly spoiled; for the Lord hath spoken this word."
These are not idle words, nor are they to be taken lightly. The 1929 crash was caused by borrowed money. People were jumping off buildings simply because they had lost everything. Banks, too, were going out of business because it was impossible to collect on numerous loans. On the other See PEARSON page 7
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
PROTECT YOUR RIGHT TO
CHIROPRACTIC
N /
by Dr. Grady A. Deal, Ph.D., D.C.
Call your senators and representatives right away because chiropractic in workers’ compensation, auto and health insurance is currently being systematically limited and eliminated by order from Rockefeller
\iead(\uait&ts and tive major insurance companies and drug industry owned and controlled by him. Rockefeller and his medical Mafia outlawed chiropractic in 1910 along with naturopathy and homeopathy, when he took control of the medical Establishment and state government medical licensing boards by "donating" millions in bribes to do medical research only on Rockefeller drugs, 95% of which are ineffective, according to government reports. In his communistic system, almost completely established today, the Rockefeller controlled State "health" bureaucrats, HMOs, insurance companies and gatekeepers (a Masonic term) will "choose" for you. You can bet that these Establishment agents will not authorize chiropractic care. Instead, you will be sent to an Establishment orthodox medical doctor for treatment.
I have mentioned Communism to bring to your awareness not to make you think that I have gone around
the bend but to help you understand that Rockefeller and Rothschild created, funded and presently control Communism worldwide, that they control the world by controlling nations through their money and credit systems and membership in Freemasonry, that their New World Order will enslave us all, that they have stolen more than enough money from us to pay-off every crooked politician in Washington, D.C. and every state capitol, and that they control the Rockefeller medical Establishment and want to limit and eliminate chiropractic to keep us too sick and too dependent on Rockefeller drugs to resist
their plans to enslave us. Your disbelief and lack of knowledge about this can be corrected by studying materials from the CDL referred to at the end of this article. Your inability to wake up to what is going on in the world just about explains why the average civic and political "leader" is running scared because they know that if they tell you the truth, the Rockefeller Establishment will destroy them.
Just how bad is it? In the Rockefeller controlled medical monopoly, we have insurance claims agents who routinely commit fraud against the insured to protect the employer; "independent" medical and sold-out chiropractic examiners who get paid by employers and insurance companies to eliminate chiropractic treatment and to misrepresent and cover up the true condition and injuries caused by work and auto accidents; department of labor bureaucrats who are biased against chiropractic and
arbitrarily rule against them in unconstitutionaladministrative bearings; lawyers and judges who are most often Freemasons in the pocket of Rockefeller; and the corrupt politicians, who represent the Rockefeller interests not us.
The average person who gets injured on the job or in an auto accident calls his employer or insurance company which wrongfully warns him to go to a medical doctor and to stay away from chiropractors telling the lie that chiropractors are not doctors or that chiropractors are dangerous quacks. You should see a chiropractor, especially a holistic chiropractor to get chiropractic adjustments, massage, myofascial release, vibration, cold or hot packs, physiotherapy and therapeutic exercise because all you will get from an orthodox medical doctors are Rockefeller pain killers, muscle relaxers and tranquilizers which make you feel good but make your condition worse in the long run. More importantly, if the injury has caused a disc injury or some other permanent disability, the Establishment medical doctor .may tend to misdiagnose and minimize your injury to make sure that the insurance company and the employer send him more business. The insurance company uses the medical doctor’s misrepresentations to deny chiropractic treatment, to refuse to authorize MRI, CT Scan, neurologicals and other diagnostics to avoid disclosing your true condition and disability, and to reduce or eliminate any settlement to cover treatment in the future.
The good ol’ boy network includes Rockefeller controlled insurance companies, medical
organizations, civic and businessmen’s clubs, Freemasonry, employers and labor unions, who say they are working for you but, in fact, work against you and work for each other, giving each other pats on the back, business favors, loans, sexual liaisons, bribes and anything to get ahead provided they stay in line with the Rockefeller program. These Rockefeller spokesmen rant and rave that chiropractors have raised the employers’ and auto insurance premiums by overtreating their patients. Some chiropractors may overtreat their patients but most do not. Employers, your worker’s comp insurance premiums have risen sky high not because of chiropractic but because medical costs under the Rockefeller medical monopoly can only go up because orthodox medical doctors mismanage every health problem in a system designed to fail to force us to accept high costs, restrictions and eventually socialized health care, which will fail worse and at higher costs with no freedom of choice. In addition, insurance rates have risen because insurance companies waste huge amounts of money sending you to their IME doctors in an effort to minimize or disallow chiropractic purely on political grounds. In many cases, the insurance companies will spend more money on lawyers and IME insurance chiropractors and medical doctors than they spend to pay for chiropractic treatments, all over non-issues, which amount to pure harassment and bias towards all chiropractors.
Various legislative bills now pending in state capitols around the country have one thing in common: limiting or
Page 7
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
complete elimination of chiropractic in all health insurance programs and all workers’ compensation and auto accident insurance. Some states want to reduce the fees paid to chiropractic; decrease the number of times a chiropractor can treat you; limit chiropractic treatment only to neck and back problems and disallow chiropractic treatment for injuries to shoulders, hips, arms, legs and other joints; prevent your choice of chiropractors by forcing you to see only
Establishment chiropractors bought-off by the orthodox medical monopoly; cut-off treatment arbitrarily when you are released to return to work even though you still need treatment to prevent deterioration of your injury and development of lifelong chronic muscle spasms, pain, and degenerative arthritis of the spine, discs and joints; and
a. tetfeTtal ttom an
orthodox medical doctOT or "gatekeeper" before you are allowed to see a chiropractor.
Chiropractors, as shown by many independent and government studies, are the best trained doctors to treat neck and back problems and return injured patients back to work quicker and at less cost. The medical Establishment, insurance companies and corrupt politicians use every trick in the book to destroy chiropractic. If their initial attempts do not pass, they will use more deceptive, more confusing and more dirty tricks to limit and eliminate chiropractic, at the behest of the Rockefeller medical monopoly.
Your health and auto insurance company or HMO have a long history of strong bias and fraud against chiropractors and will misuse any new legislation to further limit and eliminate chiropractic by hook or crook. Such insurance always pay chiropractors less than medical
doctors, and the good ol’ boy network always sends you to medical doctors instead of chiropractors. Only certain chiropractors will be allowed to treat you and access to all chiropractors will be limited. I have personally applied to insurance companies and HMOs to get on their list of eligible chiropractors but they refuse to send or follow through on applications. In the final analysis, the only chiropractors "approved" to see you will be the Insurance chiropractors, who do IME’s for the insurance companies to limit and cut-off chiropractic treatment arbitrarily and those chiropractors who cover up your true injuries and arbitrarily decrease disability ratings to minimize the amount of settlement you receive to cover future treatment. In other words, even when a big show is made to say that all chiropractors are eligible to give treatment,
you wi\\ be a\k>v/ed to get
treatment only from chiropractors who have an underhanded relationship with the insurance company or HMO.
Limiting and eliminating chiropractic from primary health care and workers’ comp and auto accident insurance will not decrease insurance premiums, not for long anyway. Health insurance and medical costs will decrease only when "modem medicine" starts making you well not sick but don’t hold your breath until they do. In the "1984" book, the' Department of Health was in reality The Department of Disease and Death, which in 1995 causes the unnecessary deaths of over 1 million people in the United States yearly, and so it is until we get the Rockefellers off our backs and their puppet politicians out of office.
For more information about the Rockefellers and who they are, subscribe to the CDL Report, P.O. Box 449, Arabi, La. 70032, telephone (504)279-
5940.
Call and pressure your legislators to protect your right to chiropractic care in personal, work and auto accident insurance. Ask your legislators to vote against any chiropractic or insurance legislation which contains loopholes to enable the insurance companies to limit and stop chiropractic treatment prematurely or eliminate it all together. Help to pass legislation to protect your right to choose the type of health care you want. We need to clean house in Congress and state legislatures to rid ourselves of Rockefeller agents who work tirelessly to establish their New World Order system of slavery and also, who support unfair containment, elimination and restricted access to chiropractic, chelation, ozone, ultraviolet and other holistic therapies.
About the author| £>r. Grady A.
PEARSON-from page 5
hand, those who had purchased only what they could pay for had no trouble. Stockholders who owned their stocks outright might have seen the price go down, but they were never sold out by a lender.
A few years back we had a similar situation in the agricultural field. Many midwest farmers had been seduced into expanding beyond their means. This in turn meant using borrowed money. When crop prices went down, the farmers were unable to meet payments on their notes. When bankers foreclosed, farmers lost their homes, their businesses, and everything for which they had already paid. Destitution faced many of these unfortunate people. Looking in another direction, we have the religious Amish farmers who refuse to borrow money at
Deal, Ph.D., D.C. is a holistic, nutritional chiropractor with a Ph.D. in psychological counseling. Dr. Deal is founder I director of Hawaiian Wellness Holiday on beautiful Kauai, and he is author of Dr. Deal’s Delicious Detox Diet, Weight Loss, Wellness Lifestyle and Dr. Deal’s Holistic Chiropractic Examination Protocol. Dr. Deal provides telephone and mail health counseling supplements, books and teaches his methods as part of his wellness holiday program in Hawaii and lecture/workshops on the mainland. Contact Dr. Deal at P.O. Box 279, Koloa, Kauai, Hawaii 96756, telephone (808) 332-9244. Call toll free (800) 338-6977 for orders only (no health questions please), Mastercard and Visa accepted. Dr. Deal will return your call collect, if you like, to answer any short health questions. ®
interest. They have no chance at the gargantuan profits, but then, neither do they get wiped out with interest payments.
I recommend that you stick with common stocks. 0
Articles by signed authors are the sole responsibility of the author. Publication in the CDL Report does not necessarily indicate positions embraced by the Christian Defense League.
€DL REPORT-APRIL 1995
ANTI-SEMITISM? The German publishing house of Piper Verlag has cancelled the publication and distribution of the book An Eye for an Eye by Jewish author John Sack. In An Eye for an Eye, Mr. Sack presents proof that following World War II, the Jew Solomon Motel and bis feUow Jews ran concentration camps in Poland where upwards of
70,000	Germans and Poles were systematically beaten to death by the Jews seeking revenge.
In An Eye for an Eye, Mr. Sack goes into detail on how teenage Germans and Poles were tortured and beaten by the Jews. Those who were imprisoned by the Jews were non-combatants during WWII, many of them having been too young to have participated in the war. The Jews hated the Poles because they were considered to be "anti-Semitic" even though the Poles fought the Nazis. Germans were killed simply because they were Germans, even though they had committed no atrocities against the Jews.
Sack said in his book that the Polish Office of Security which ran the camps was headed by a Jew and that at least 30% of the officers of the Polish Office of National Security (Communist Secret Police) were Jews. Mr. Sack had originally written an
article on the Jewish concentration camps for GQ magazine which after reading the article cancelled their contract with him. Finally, the Village Voice ran an article on Mr. Sack and his investigation in late 1993 and this led to 60 Minutes investigating the story.
An article in the Philadelphia Inquirer notes that "...the rest of the media either attacked or ignored the book." After Piper Verlag agreed to publish the book a "critic" for a Frankfurt newspaper, Eike Geisel called the book an "audacious lie...vile...and anti-Semitic fodder."
Evidently, because of the attack by Mr. Geisel, Piper Verlag was besieged by demands by Jews that the book be pulled and copies be burned. As a result of the "mistake" by Piper Verlag a new head of that company was installed after the former head agreed to have 6,000 copies of the book burned.
The main character of the investigation, Solomon Morel, fled to Israel when the Polish Government began asking questions about exactly what happened at the concentration camps. The ADL and other Jewish organizations have attacked Mr. Sack because he wrote the book. However, Mr. Sack has refused to back down and said that if he had to do it over again, he would.

BELGIUM The Jews have finally been able to stifle free speech in Belgium. A new law has been passed which will allow authorities to prosecute and punish with fines or prison sentences "...those who claim that the Holocaust did not take place."
CHINA In 1989 we were the first publication to warn our readers about the growing militancy of Communist China. When the Chinese Communists	crushed the
insurrection	of Chinese
dissidents in Tiananmen Square in 1989 the CDL Report ran a complete analysis -of the forces used and their racial components.
Since that time we are the only patriotic publication to run regular updates on the threat that Communist China poses to not only the west but also to its Asian neighbors.
The New York Times and other newspapers across the United States failed to report on China flexing its military muscles. In January the Philippines discovered that the Chinese had built a military
platform on a part of the Spratly Islands called Mischief Shoals.' The Spratly Islands are a chain of hundreds of Islands which have been claimed by the Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam and Brunei. The Islands are rich in gas and oil. In the past the Philippine military has fortified three of the Spratly Islands which are the closest to China. When the Philippine Government
learned of the Chinese base within its 200 mile economic zone, it protested to the Chinese Government and sent troops to neighboring islands.
When the Philippine President was briefed on the aggressive move by the Chinese, he alerted the Philippine military to see what forces could be sent to dislodge them. However, the Philippine military is in a state of decline and the total force mustered consisted of five old F-15 fighters, two helicopters, four Italian made S-211 jet trainer planes and three patrol boats. These were sent to the Philippine-controlled Palawan Island. Vietnam and Australia sent protests to the Chinese Government, to no avail.
As things stand now, no military action will be taken against the Chinese occupying Mischief Shoals. We can expect the Chinese to make further moves in the Pacific Rim as they continue the build up of their military forces. '
CONSERVATIVE JEWS? The CDL Report warned its readers over the past three years that the growing Christian/Conservative movement in America would be infiltrated by Jews.
Recently the normally rabid Jewish Sentinel from Chicago ran an editorial urging Jews to join the religious right. Previously, the Jewish magazine Commentary, ran articles in favor of "diversity" and ads praising the book the Bell Curve!!! Several months ago a "racist" rabbi, Martin Schiller, was a key speaker at the "right wing" meeting of the American Renaissance organization in Atlanta, GA. The Institute for Historical Review advertised that a Jewish rabbi would be a speaker at their 1994 meeting, then backed down after complaints.
The Jews were the leaders of the anti-war movement. They were the leaders of the anti-American flag movement.
-CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995—
11
Page 9
Walt Disney
They led the integration of the schools in the 1960s and financed legal action against "segregation." They have done all in their power to undermine and destroy the American right.
Now, in the Times Picayune (March 1, 1995, p. A-7), we find Jewish Rep. Gerald Solomon holding a rally in Washington, DC promoting a Constitutional amendment to ban desecration or burning of the America flag! Why NOW? Why didn’t the Jews protest when their Jewish kinsmen were leading the war against the American flag in the 1960s?
Then in the Sentinel (Feb. 2, 1995, p. 7) Abe Kogan says: "Now let’s get down to work. May I suggest that Jews of America should join and support the Religious Right wherever and whenever both of our wishes can boast of success and accomplishment that will improve our society and support a better America Tor our future and peace.
"Maybe we cannot solve our country’s problems, but we can be team players to supply the expertise of professionals that would be invaluable. Getting to know each other will surely lead to knocking down many barriers. We will disagree at times, but we will have a friendly ear to hear our side.”
Patriots should be forewarned that the Jews realize that America is moving to the right, and they are switching sides in an effort to take over and control the movement so they can divert the attention of new patriots coming into the movement away from the evil role they have played in bringing the United States to the soriy state it is in today.
As the Jews move into take over the "Conservative" movement in America, patriots should understand that the Jew has no conscience, no patriotism to anyone but other Jews, no scruples, no
principles other than those towards his race, and no loyalty to anything but his race. Jews who were exposed at the leaders of the Marxist movement in America in the 1950s and 1960s are now posing as "Conservatives" in an effort to direct the leadership of the new right so those in control promote Jewish, not American ideals. An example of the "loyalty" of the Jews is noted by the Jewess, Hannah Arendt when in "Antisemitism" she says: "The history of the relationship between Jews and governments is rich in examples of how quickly Jewish bankers switched their allegiance from one government to the next even after revolutionary changes. It took the French Rothschilds in 1848 hardly twenty four hours to transfer their services from the government of Louis Philippe to the new short lived French Republic and again to Napoleon III..." (Antisemitism by Hannah. Arendt, pp. 23-24)
DISNEY In February a TV program with the title: Secret Lives: Walt Disney, was shown on TV in England. The "documentary" was devised to malign the late Walt Disney because he was anti-Jewish. Those producing the "documentary" had interviews with a number of former Walt Disney Productions employees and a number of them said that Disney "...hated Jews, especially New York Jews."
He was also attacked because he gave evidence during the McCarthy hearings about Communist influence in the movie industry. Those producing the "documentary" seemed to be ’ deeply upset because Disney: "...held fond memories of an all American, apple pie, mid-West, White, idyllic childhood, and this partly explained why he espoused an artificially rosy, and sentimental, view of family values, truth, justice and the American way."
Those producing the
documentary must be highly pleased knowing that after Disney died the Jews took over his studios and now are producing the Jewish pornographic, nude, rootless cosmopolitan view of America through their now perverted movies.
DWCyiOEDFORD The English Government is refusing to release wartime files which contain the details of the interrogation of Sir Oswald Mosley and Lord Amery of Lustleigh by British Intelligence. Critics of the government claim that the files reveal that the British Fascists had a great deal more support in England among the aristocracy than the present Judaized rulers of England would like to be known.
After the war William Joyce who broadcast over the radio as "Lord Haw Haw" and John Amery were both hanged for "treason." Joyce was not even a British citizen.
A number of the wartime files have been released and they contain letters from British patriots calling for the King and Prime Minister to spare Joyce. The files also contain letters from the late Duke of Bedford who wrote: "..Joyce should not be hanged because he had never been charged with betraying military secrets..His execution
would be quite unjustifiable vindictive severity involving a not considerable degree of hypocrisy...Although in his frequent use of the term Jewish he displayed the characteristic of anti-Semites, Joyce in telling the British people that their real enemies were the international financiers, spoke no more than the truth."
The late Duke of Bedford was one of the wealthiest men in England prior to WWII. Because of his wealth and influence he was one of the few patriots in England who opposed Britain’s entry into WWII as well as the international bankers, who was not arrested under wartime Regulation 18B. In fact, during WWII the Duke of Bedford stepped up his publishing and criticism of the British Government and right after WWII he founded the British People’s Party and attacked the authority of the "allies" to tiy the Germans at Nuremberg.
EGYPT Many Egyptian officials feel that the United States has sold them out now that peace treaties have been signed by Jordan, the PLO and other Arab states. The consensus is that the United States needed Egypt when it was the only Mid-East country to have a peace treaty with
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
REGULATimam
Spur eh Delivered V OF LG3S5S,
TUtiJAY* | 3Sth JANUARY* 1944.
UN
*Hi>
TW« DURR'. OP 986DiORD


me st&icklano prmss
§111 Hi Gaomae Stress GLASGOW. lill
Israel, but that the US does not need Egypt now because it can deal with Syria and Lebanon through Jordan.
Over the past two years we have reported that the Islamic fundamentalist movement was growing in Egypt and it would only be a matter of time before the Egyptian Government was overthrown. The information we are receiving confirms our observation.
Realizing that the US Government now feels that it is a liability rather than an asset in the Middle East, the Egyptian Government is trying to mend its fences with its Islamic antagonist, Iran. In the past two months meetings have been held between the Iranians and Egyptians and a number of deals have been made regarding Iranian loans and stepped up trade relations with Egypt.
The United States has been
supporting Israel by working behind the scenes to try to keep the Iranians from building a nuclear reactor, which the Jews claim would provide the Iranians with a means to attack Israel. Ten years ago negotiations began between Iran and Argentina, wherein Argentina agreed to supply Iran with key components needed to develop nuclear technology. The Mossad credits the United States as placing roadblocks in the way of Argentina fulfilling its
commitment to Iran.
However, as the Egyptian Government wakes up to the reality that the United States sees it as a political liability it is seeking to move closer to Iran in an effort to use Iranian influence to help curb the growing Islamic fundamentalist movement in that country. To show its displeasure with recent moves by the US in its support of Israel, Egypt has refused to sign a Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty — unless Israel also agrees to do so. When US officials complained about Egypt’s refusal to sign the treaty the Egyptians told them that a number of Mideast countries are trying to build atomic weapons because Israel has them, and the United States is not pressuring Israel to sign the treaty.
Newt Gingrich and other Israeli-first politicians in the Congress have been stepping up their anti-Iranian crusade and are now complaining because Iran has set up Hawk missile batteries on two islands it occupies in the Persian Gulf. However, Iran has occupied these island for over two years and no one has challenged them until now.
In an effort to circumvent US meddling in the deal between Iran and Argentina, key Iranian officials met with the Russians in Januaiy and the Russians signed an agreement with them to construct a nuclear reactor in the Iranian coastal city of Busheir. The Iranians have agreed to pay the Russians, who are badly in need of hard currency, $800 million dollars to construct the reactor.
Watch for further efforts by the Egyptian government to move closer to Iran and away from the United States.
FRAME UP? The leader of the Black Muslims, Rev. Louis Farrakhan, has denounced the arrest of the daughter of the late Malcolm X on charges that she paid one Michael Fitzpatrick to assassinate him.
Other Black leaders across America have also attacked the arrest of Ms. Qubilah Shabazz as a tactic being used by the ADL and other Jewish organizations to divide the Black community into warring factions.
As the facts on the case unravelled it was revealed that even though Michael Fitzpatrick has an Irish name, his mother was Jewish and he has been involved with the Jewish Defense League and other Jewish terrorist organizations for a number of years. According to reports, Fitzpatrick was also a paid informant for the FBI and was paid $10,000 by them to spy on his fellow JDL terrorist friends.
GERMANY Patriots won a key victory in Germany in Februaiy. Two German patriots, Andre Goertz and Jens Siefer, recorded a telephone message which said that Steven Spielberg’s movie,
Schindler's List was used by the Jews to "...keep the Auschwitz myth alive."
Under current German law it is unlawful to deny the Holocaust — however, the Jews have been trying to use the law to stop all criticism of the Jews, period. When in court the young Germans didn’t deny that there were Jews and others killed in Auschwitz which is considered to be a crime in Germany. However, the judge refused to convict them for criticizing Steven Spielberg or his use of Schindler's List for propaganda purposes.
We can expect the Jews and the German Occupation Government to take steps to amend the law so it will stop all criticism of the Jews, true or not.
GINGRICH The Jewish Chronicle (Jan. 20, 1995, p. 6) said: "US House Speaker Newt Gingrich has stirred up the Middle East peace process by announcing that he is in favor
-Page 11
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
NEWT GINGRICH
of moving his country’s embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem."
The article goes on to say that his announcement has stirred up an anti-American backlash in the Middle East and he was denounced by the Jordanian Parliament.
Evidently, the Gingrichs are a "lovely couple" with him working for Israeli interests in the US Congress_____and her_
lo\ \Yve 3ev/\sh state
through the Israel Development Export Corporation. A quote on Mrs. Gingrich from the Jewish Chronicle (Feb. 17, 1995, p. 2) says: "The wife of US House Speaker Newt Gingrich this week received an honorary medal during a visit to a West Bank settlement and was also given one to take home to her husband.
"....Mrs. Gingrich’s Israeli employer, David Yerushalmi, who lives in Ma’aleh Adumim. Mr. Yerushalmi hired Mrs. Gingrich last August for $2,500 a month to scout for clients in the US for an Israeli free trade zone for the southern town of Beersheba.
"Mrs. Gingrich arrived in Israel last Thursday to meet her employers and to tour the site of the industrial park. She said her job did not pose an ethical problem for herself or her husband, adding that she had clearance from a lawyer for the House ethics committee."
INDIA/CHINA The non-Arab Islamic "Holy War" is taking its toll in Kashmir. According to our Asian sources, Hizbul Mujahideen leader (KPI), Syed Salahuddin, claims that his Islamic forces have now killed over 22,000 Indian troops in Kashmir. The Mujahideen claim to have killed four full generals, several brigadier generals, colonels and majors along with enlisted men.
With the downfall of the Soviet Union as a key player in the area, and the Indian Government losing key states in recent elections to right wing third party movements, the Indian Government has decided to move closer to China. Earlier this year key agreements were made between the Indian and Chinese governments to settle the border disputes which resulted in a border war between the two countries in 1962. Indian Prime Minister
PjV^Nanisimal^Ra^anc^a delegation from the Indian Government met with high level officials in Beijing in 1994. As the government of India weakens because of secessionist movements in Kashmir and Jammu the Indian Government has been hard pressed to send new troops to these areas because of the "threat" from China on its borders.
According to our Asian sources a new military treaty was signed between India and China and the two countries plan to hold joint military exercises in Kashmir in the summer of this year.
In past issues of the CDL Report we advised our subscribers about the rapid buildup taking place in the Chinese military, including the Chinese navy. Unless a new super power emerges to take the place of the former Soviet Union in Asia, China will soon have the power to challenge the United States in the Pacific Rim area. Watch events in this area.
IRAN The Iranian Government has sent troops to Yemen in an effort to help the Yemenis Government stop the province of Hadramut from seceding. The Iranian troops were requested by Yemen President Ali Abdullal Saleh.
Yemenis officials claim that the effort by rebels to secede from Yemen in 1994 was financed by Saudi Arabia and that the Iranian troops are needed to forestall any further attempts to divide the country. The Iranians are tightly aligned with the Islamic fundamentalist party, the Islah Party, which encouraged the president to ask the Iranians for help. Yemen and Saudi Arabia are now in the process of re-negotiating a border treaty between the two countries and without the support of Iran the Yemenis would be faced with signing a treaty which would be dictated by Saudi Arabia.
The growing influence of Ira^ii^h^Middl^Eas^has prompted Newt Gingrich to lash out at the Iranians, for his Israeli masters. On February 10th, Newt told a rabid crowd of Israeli-first politicians at a "Conservative Political Action Conference" that a "war with Iran may be in the future." He also urged all Christians to visit the Holocaust Museum in Washington, DC.
Of concern to the Jews is the fact that Iranian influence is growing in Africa. According to our Middle East sources, the Iranian government has stepped up its Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran radio broadcasts in Africa. It now runs Islamic programs in Swahili to Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya, Zaire, Burundi, Rwanda and the Comoros Islands. In January the Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran began Hausa language broadcasts to West Africa. The Hausa language broadcast is being heard in Nigeria, Burkina Faso, Niger, Mali, Benin, Chad, Sudan, Cameroon, Togo and Ghana.
The role of Iran in "converting" Africa to Islam, which is anti-Zionist, is a threat not only to Israel but to the Vatican as well. Several years ago Cardinal Ratzinger gave an interview to Insight magazine and said that the Catholic Church was becoming a "Third World Church" and was directing most of its activities towards Africa. Since that time Pope John Paul II has elevated 80 Africans to be cardinals and bishops. However, due to the efforts of Iran and other Islamic fundamentalist states, most Africans are becoming Moslems, not Christians. This means that the plans to recruit Africans into the Catholic Church are moving towards a critical stage where there will be friction between the Vatican and Iran over which religion will gain the upper hand in Africa. As Iran continues its crusade to convert Africans to Is\am, watch fox closer .coropciarion between the Vatican and Israel, who both would benefit if the present • Iranian government were "terminated" by either US "Allied" militaiy action or subversion from within.
KOSHER FOOD In view of a recent ruling that a picture of Christ violates the separation of church and state doctrine --- where does this leave the Kosher Food issue? As our readers know, the "K" and the "U" on food means that the food was processed under JEWISH RELIGIOUS LAW by Jewish organizations which are recognized by the IRS as being religious in nature.
So, since food which is marked as being sanctioned by the Jewish religion is served in schools, isn’t this in violation of the separation of church and state doctrine? By serving food in our public schools which is prepared to meet Jewish religious standards, aren’t Christian children being forced to take part in Jewish
Page 12
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
religious rituals? If seeing a picture of Christ in the schools is "offensive" to the Jews and if saying a Christian prayer in school violated "church and state" doctrine, then isn’t having a Jewish religious symbol on potato chips, pretzels, cereals, macaroni, etc., a violation of the church and state doctrine?
How many Christians receiving the CDL Report would like to see a lawsuit brought against school districts in the various states forcing them to abide by the Supreme Court’s "separation of church and state" doctrine by having all Kosher marked food removed from school menus? Write and let us know.
LEBED Three years ago we ran a profile article on a Russian general named Alexander Lebed. Lt. Gen. Lebed is the Commander of the 14th Russian army which is stationed in Moldavia. When we ran the article on Lebed we informed our subscribers that the man giving the orders to the 14th Army was NOT Lebed but his second-in-command, a Jewish Colonel named Bergman.
Jewish newspapers have consistently said that "a Jew was commander of the 14th Army." When we investigated we found that what the Jews were referring to was the fact that the man calling the shots in the 14th Army is Bergman, not Lebed.
During the attempt to remove Yeltsin from power, Lebed was one of Yeltsin’s key supporters. However, now that it has become apparent that Yeltsin will not remain in power long, the Jews are trying to find a replacement for him. In the past three months Lebed has been interviewed and given very positive stories in several American newspapers and magazines, including the Wall Street Journal. The Jews are afraid that a Russian Nationalist who is anti-Jewish
will be in a position to rise to power in Russia should Yeltsin die or resign. To forestall this they are promoting Gen. Alexander Lebed as their "man on a White horse." Remember, we were the first ones to tell you about Lebed and his master Bergman.
MOSLEM BROTHERHOOD The Egyptian Government is perplexed when President Clinton recently labelled twelve anti-Israeli fundamentalist organizations as being "terrorists" and yet left the Moslem Brotherhood off the list.
The Moslem Brotherhood is a secret society that most pro-Israeli politicians in the Middle East claim has been responsible for financing and training leaders for a number of patriotic organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah. The Brotherhood was banned in Egypt several years ago and a number of lawyers, writers and others who oppose the "Peace" settlement in the Middle East with Israel and are thought to be linked with the Brotherhood have been arrested and jailed by Egyptian security forces.
Several newspaper editors in the Middle East have written editorials indicating that the Clinton Administration is in the process of double crossing the government of President Mubarek because the US believes that the Islamic fundamentalist movement will eventually overthrow the Mubarek government and one of the key forces that will assume power will be the leaders of the banned Brotherhood movement. By not attacking the Moslem Brotherhood as being "terrorists" it is believed by Clinton that his Administration will have an "in" with the fundamentalists when they seize power.
PAKISTAN The Government of Pakistan has been carrying
on a major assault on drug lords in that country. In March the Pakistan Anti-Narcotics Force seized $70 million in assets from seven Pakistani drug lords and raided heroin labs in the tribal Khyber Agency near the Afghan border.
Major Gen. Salahuddin Tirmizi who is the director of the Anti-Narcotics Force in Pakistan held a press conference on Feb. 2nd and his comments were mainly about how the Pakistani crackdown on the drug lords has driven them into Afghanistan. He said: "There was hardly any poppy being grown there (Afghanistan) some time back. Now Afghanistan is the biggest producer of opium in the world, according to UN and American reports...There were no heroin processing laboratories in Afghanistan a few years back. Now factories have come up in the Helmand Valley in southern Afghanistan."
Drug lords have been able to establish a foothold in Afghanistan due to the civil war going on in that country. As law and order continues to break down in Afghanistan, the power of those dealing in drugs is increasing.
ROBERTSON The CDL Report was the first (and only) publication to point out that there would eventually be a confrontation between Christian fundamentalists and the Jews. (See CDL Report Issue #175, Jan. 1995) We were right again!
On March 3rd, the Palm Beach Post, ran a column by the Jew Frank Rich, with the headline: Anti-Semitic power behind the baby face. The article attacks Pat Robertson because he now refuses to hold interviews with mainline newspapers, TV shows and magazines. The Jew claims that Mr. Robertson is deliberately avoiding these interviews because the Jews want to put him on the hot spot about his book The New World Order which while not openly attacking Jews, attacks Kuhn Loeb, the Rothschilds and other Jews as being behind the One World Conspiracy. Mr. Rich notes that the Jew Michael Kinsley who is one of tY\e Y\os\s on
Crossfire, has deliberately invited a representative of Mr. Robertson, Mr. Ralph Reed, to be on the program two times and when he learned that the New World Order book would be brought up, he cancelled out.
Pat Robertson
Page 13
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
The Jews are now claiming that Pat Robertson has a hidden agenda which he uses to attack the Jews through mainline books like the New World Order and at the same time "cover his tracks" by praising Israel. The Jews are saying that Mr. Reed, who is an assistant to Mr. Robertson, counter-attacks whenever Mr. Robertson is attacked by the Jews.
In an effort to "expose" Robertson and Reed the Jews have used a so-called "Conservative" Jew, Michael Lind, who is an editor at Harper’s to "conservatively" expose this "hidden anti-Semitism." To give credibility to the "Conservativeness" of Mr. Lind, Mr. Rich says that "Mr. Lind is no leftist." Lind is credited with being a top notch "Conservative" because he "...worked in the Bush administration, written for Commentary, worked for William F. Buckley at National Review and for Irving Kristol
■ssA- National Interest •'
The publications and editors used by Mr. Rich to try to "prove" that Mr. Lind is a "Conservative" are either Jewish or those who have sold out to the Jews.
The article goes on to say: "In his New York Review piece, Mr. Lind shows just how extremist Mr. Robertson is by detailing how his 1991 best seller, The New World Order, trafficks in a satanic ’conspiracy theory of world history,’ dominated by Jewish bankers and a secret society called the Order of the Illuminati," that is "familiar from generations of anti-Semitic propaganda."
"As Mr. Lind also points out, Mr. Robertson shrewdly avoids the overt anti-Semitism of his creed’s antecedents. When he finds Jewish bankers at the center of evil doings, they are not identified as Jews. But some of Mr. Robertson’s named conspirators (the Rothschilds, the Powerful Kuhn Loeb and Company) also appeared in
Father Coughlin’s Depression era anti-Semitic propaganda.
"Whenever anti-Semitism is mentioned in the same sentence as the Christian Coalition, Mr. Reed strikes back hard—witness his assault on the Anti-Defamation League last year. Then he champions Israel and plays victim, throwing the religious right’s critics on the defensive by accusing them of
anti-Christian bigotry__Given
the Christian Coalition’s clout in choosing the next GOP occupant of the White House, isn’t it time for the press and public alike to stop swallowing Ralph Reed’s bait and smoke out his boss?"
RUSSIA In December Yuri Belayev, the leader of the St. Petersburg based Russian National Republican Party, was shot five times by an assassin.
A party congress was held prior to the attempt on his life and at the meeting Mr Yie\ayev called on party members to take active steps to curb the activities of the Chechen based Mafia. After the meeting Mr. Belayev led over 100 uniformed members of his party in a parade down Nevsky Prospect. Mr. Belayev is a former member of the St. Petersburg parliament and was a leading police detective in St. Petersburg for ten years. Over the past two years he has led volunteers from Russia to fight alongside Bosnian Slavic volunteers in Serbia. Many of his followers respectfully call him "the general."
The Russian National Republican Party is the largest patriotic organization in St. Petersburg and has established party offices in 60 areas of Russia. It is estimated that the RNRP has more than 11,000 members and many more supporters.
The attempt on Mr. Belayev took place as he was leaving his home with two bodyguards. As he was about to get into his car. A sniper opened fire from a nearby rooftop with an
automatic pistol. Five bullets hit Mr. Belayev and ten hit his two bodyguards. His bodyguards, Dmitri Alov and Dmitri Koschelev, were killed as they attempted to protect him from the fire. Mr. Belayev was taken to the hospital and his organization offered a $50,000 award for information leading to the arrest of the gunman. Two bullets were removed from his chest, one just missing his heart. He is now recovering from the attack and has announced plans to run for mayor of St. Petersburg in 1996.
STAR OF DAVID "Magen David Shield of David," the so-called Star of David or hexagram constructed of two interlocked triangles, is now accepted as a symbol of Judaism. Actually, it was not associated with Judaism until the late Middle Ages and was not officially accepted as a Jewish symbol until about the 17th century.*•
The original source of the Magen David was the Tantric "Great Yantra," which stood for union of the sexes: the downward pointing triangle being the female, the upward pointing on male, the two signifying the eternal union of God and Goddess." Cabalistic sex worship brought Yantra into Jewish tradition, but later puritanical elements obscured its original meaning. (Ref: 1. Encyclopedia Britannica. "Magen David" 2. Phemarox, p. 147)
SUPREME COURT Working in behalf of the anti-Christ Jews, U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens turned down an appeal by a Michigan high school to keep a portrait of Jesus on display on a hallway wall.
The portrait of Christ by Warner Sallman had been on the wall for 30 years!!! In 1992 the Jew, Eric Pensinger, sued the school because he claimed that the picture "...made him feel like an
outsider...and the display suggested the school endorsed Christianity."
The US district court ruled that the display of the portrait violated the separation of church and state. A District Court Judge, Benjamin Gibson had ordered the portrait to be removed and the school board appealed the ruling. It went to U.S. District Court where it was upheld and then it was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court where Justice Stevens ruled in favor of the Jews.
TURKEY Liberals and Jews in the European Parliament are trying to pave the way for Turkey to become a partial member of the European Union (EU) by 1996. At present the greatest opponent of Turkey’s entry into the EU, is Greece which has vetoed Turkey’s membership in the past, citing Turkish aggression in Cyprus and the Turkish Government’s attacks on the
fundamentalist parties in Turkey oppose Turkey entering the EU and are also opposed to the "Westernization" of Turkey. The Islamic Welfare Party, True Path Party . and the Motherland Party have been fighting efforts by Turkish liberals to bring Turkey into the EU.
Islamic fundamentalists claim that the west is corrupt and anti-religious and therefore they want no part of it. The fundamentalist want to retain their culture, religion and way of life — free of western (Jewish) influence.
"Right Wing" members of the European Parliament are opposed to Turkey’s entry into the EU because it would eventually mean an open border policy with Turkey which would result in a flood of Turkish immigrants entering Europe. This "open door" policy would be in conflict with recent action taken by several European countries to encourage Turkish workers to return to See CDL WORLD NEWS page 14
Page 14
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
PRINCE ALY KHAN-from page 3
implemented by force whether we like it or not. Pursuant to the 1917 Law, it places the President under the military dictatorship and by then it will be too late. Americans, do not say that it will never happen in this country ... so said the French prior 1789 and five million people were onslaught ... and so said the Russians prior 1917 and 28 million Russians massacred, plus 5 million Ukrainians starved to death by the Masons: Lenin, Stalin and their ilk.
We know what we are talking about, since we have our own sad experience vis-a-vis the above. In 1980 we embarked in our sacred mission to free our people in Albania from then 36 years of despotic rule of Communism, backed fully by the Masonic French Grand Orient Lodge.
Our liaison with the western government entities such as in [the] U.S.A.: the CIA, the State Department, and even the White Dense; in "France, the D.G.S.E. (French Intelligence), the Ministry of Defense; in Italy, the Ministiy of Defense; in Morocco, the Ministry of Defense; in Turkey, the Presidency and Ministry of Defense were all and all seemed bent to give us all the help to free our country. Yet, to our surprise,
their country after receiving financial incentives. On the other hand Liberalism and Judaism (two sides of the same coin) want to destroy European culture and herald
after the so-called collapse of Berlin’s Wall, we have learned from other sources that the above mentioned government entities were just buying time with us and while talking to us about freedom for Albania, in the interim had informed the Communist Government of Tirana about all our plans of invasion. It is well known now that at that period of time
180,000	bunkers, and I repeat, one hundred and eighty thousand bunkers were built by the Communists to be as a first defense line against our invasion. This is the fact and God is my witness. Were we betrayed?
Well, American friends, I leave it entirely to your judgment; but the bottom line is that these Governments were not interested to destroy something that took them billions and billions of dollars and years and years of work to build. They were using us as the Causus Belli to force Communism toeing the line with the masters of the West, which explains the fact that the political structure of Eastern Europe today remains the same and the leaders are the former Communists under the new stigma: Socialism.
In 1987 among many, many attempts to approach us, it is worth to mention that of
in the New (JEW) World Order, and they therefore want as many non-European immigrants to flood into Europe as possible.
H.I.H. Dr. Otto von Habsburg (a 33-degree Mason and the heir of the Austria-Hungarian throne), offering help to free our people; unfortunately, later on to find out that such a help would have been available under certain terms and conditions.
The Albanian Government in Exile rejected it outright because we chose to be on God’s side rather than Satan’s; and now to make our cause more difficult, they have selected their Albanian turncoats ready to do their bidding and to make our rapprochement with our people more difficult, they haye invented new laws such as not permitting us to get involved in internal political affairs of Albania and not allowing [us] to run for the presidency. If anyone breaks the law, is faced with 20 to 25 years of imprisonment from which no one could come out alive.
This is the so-called democracy that exists in Albania and everywhere in Eastern Europe and because we did not play ball with The Brotherhood, now The Albanian Government in Exile and our people are paying the heavy toll ... yet we must continue our work till we free our people from this awful
WE TOLD YOU SO! In the CDL Report #176 (Feb. 1995) we outlined how the Jews now have special rights in the United States that others do not have. After we went to press one of our subscribers sent us a copy of an irate letter from a Catholic school teacher from Bethlehem, Pa. regarding the schools in that predominately Christian city being closed for Yom Kippur!!! The letter was published in the Catholic newspaper the Wanderer, however, there was no date marked on the xerox of the copy we received.
The school teacher said: "So
situation once and for all.
Time* is now to let your Congressmen and Senators know about all this and that you all do not want part or this New World Order if you intend to continue to be a Free Man. Get America out of the U.N. and get the U.N. out of America and shove it in the throats of the Bilderbergers. It is not my wish to vilify anyone who unfortunately has fallen under the claws of The Brotherhood, but rather to expose the architects of this great plan are not humanitarians as they would like us to believe. Their Government of Nations (U.N.) is a deception hiding in reality an iron clad World Dictatorship.
Stand up and fight for the Republic of [the] United States of America because on you depends the fate of the world.
God bless you all.	®
why were our schools closed on Yom Kippur? I wrote to the superintendent of schools, asking for equal time for Catholics (mainly, All Saint’s Day, Immaculate Conception and Ascension), but my letter was never answered...
"Please realize that no other religious holidays are recognized on the school calendar. We do have a "winter vacation" and a "spring vacation," but these holy days are not named on the calendar.
"I would guess that there are about 500 Jews in our city, and two synagogues. In my elementary school of 600 See CDL WORLD NEWS page 16
CDL WORLD NEWS-from page 13
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
Page 15
BOOKS FOR PATRIOTS
NEW BOOKS ADDED TO THF. 1.1ST
Suffered Under Pontius Pilate by Pastor Wm. S. LeGrande (booklet) $1.00 #1994-1 Russophobia by Prof. Igor Shafarevich. History of the Jewish war against the Russian people. $6.00 #1994-2 Twilight Over England by William Joyce. A British Fascist in exile in Germany during WW II explains how the Jews control England. $10.00 #1994-3 Zion’s Fifth Column by Sen. Jack B. Tenney. $6.00 #1994-4 Zionist Network by Sen. J.B. Tenney. $6.00 #1994-5 Zion’s Trojan Horse by Sen. Tenney. $6.00 #1994-6 The War of the Aggressor by John Michael. A histoiy of English aggression against almost eveiy nation on earth. $8.00 #1994-7
Pi mm *» *r< *1 n	r
" by Shaemus O’Sheet. History of British terror against the Irish people. $8.00 #1994-8 The Plan by Independent Research Associates. How the One World Order plans to merge Russia and the United States in a One World Government. $10.00 #1994-9 Iceland A Light to the Nations by Des Thomas. (Identity) $12.00 #1994-10 The Truth About the Legionary Movement by Horia Sima. The leader of the Romanian Iron Guard Movement gives the histoiy of his movement. $10.00 #1994-11
Berlin Calling:	American
Broadcasters in Service to the Third Reich by John C. Edwards. HB. $12.00 #1994-12
Catholic Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War 1936-1939 by Fray Justo Perez de Urbel. $17.00 $1994-14 Open Letter to Confused Catholics by Archbishop Marcel Lefebre. $15.00 #1994-
Bishops vs. The Pope by Rev. Charles E. Coughlin. $10.00 #1994-16
This is NOT My America by Fred Farrel. 8 1/2 X 11 format. $3.00 #1994-17 Understanding Your Jewish Masters by Fred Farrel. 8 1/2 X 11 format. $3.00 #1994-18 New York: Capitol of Marxism by Fred Farrel. 8 1/2 X 11 format. $3.00 #1994-20 Trotskyites and Conservatives by Fred Farrel. 8 1/2 X 11 format. $3.00 #1994-21 Amos and Andy Return: The Hiding Place by Eustace Mullins. 8 1/2 X 11 format. #1994-22
The Natural World Order by Horia Sima. $6.00 #1994-26 Proof that You Are God’s Chosen People Not the Jews by James K. Warner. 8 1/2 X 11 format. $2.00 #±9.94-2^^ The Third Man Emerges by
Fred Farrel. 8 1/2 X 11 format. $3.00 #1994-28 Zionism’s Bid for World Domination by Henry D. Allen. $3.00 #1994-29 The Dynamics of War & Revolution by Lawrence Dennis. $10.00 #1994-30 The Coming American Fascism by Lawrence Dennis. $12.00 #1994-31 The Emerald Cup and the Ark of Gold by Col. Howard Buechner. $15.00 #1994-37
Flash Point:	Kristallnacht
1938 by Ingrid Weckert. $8.00 #1994-44
A Trial on Trial: The Great Sedition Case of 1944 by Maximilian St. George and Lawrence Dennis. $10.00 #1994-46
Commando Extraordinary: A Biography of Otto Skorzeny by Charles Foley. $8.00 #1994-47 Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace by Harry Elmer Barnes. $10.00 #1994-48 Imperium by Ulrich Varange (Francis Parker Yockey) $12.00 #1994-49 The Myth of the 20th Century by Alfred Rosenberg. $20.00 #1994-50
The Confessions of Kurt
Gerstein by Henri Rogues.
$12.00 #1994-51
The Hoax of the 20th Century
by Arthur Butz. $10.00 #1994-
52
The Last Days of the Romanovs by Robert Wilton. $10.00 #1994-53 (The Point was a Catholic Anti-Jewish newsletter published by Father Leonard Feeney between 1951 and 1959. These have been reprinted in full year formats in book format.)
The Point 1954 by Rev. Feeney. $8.00 #1994-54 The Point 1955 by Rev. Feeney. $8.00 #1994-55
The	Point	1956	by	Rev.
Feeney. $8.00 #1994-56 The	Point	1957	by	Rev.
Feeney. $8.00 #1994-57 The	Point	1958	by	Rev.
Feeney. $8.00 #1994-58 German Secret Weapons in WWII $10.00 #1994-38 The Coming War With Japan by G. Friedman and M. Lebald. $10.00 #1994-39 The	Final	Secret	of	Pearl
Harbor by Rear Admiral Robert Theobald. $10.00 #1994-40
Gruesome Harvest: The Allied War Against the German People by Ralph Keeling. $7.00 #1994-42 Isabella of Spain: The Last Crusader by William Thomas Walsh. $15.00 #1994-43 The Testimony of Gerald L. K. Smith Before the Un-American Activities Committee Jan. 20, 1944. $6.00 #1994-32 The Yarmulke: Symbol of Jewish Racism by Rev. Stan Rittenhouse. 11 X 17 format. $3.00#1994-35
The Burning Match (The Stock Market Swindle Exposed) by Jim Straw. $5.00 #1994-36
Behind the Lodge Door by Paul Fisher. $12.00 #1994-78 Egyptian Civilization:	Its
Sumerian Origin and Real Chronology by L.A. Waddell. $15.00 #1994-106
Ordering Instructions
All sales are final. No billing, no C.O;D.-s. All foreign orders must be either by checks drawn on accounts in U,S. banks, U.S currency , or international money orders made out in XJ.S. dollar amounts. Minimum postage and handling on all orders is $4.00> On orders exceeding $40,00+ postage and handling is 10%. Postage and handling on all foreign order is 20%. Need 20 or more of any single title? If so; call and we can give you a special price if the publication is printed by us.
Minimum non-credit order by mail $15.00. Minimum credit card order $25,00. Send all orders to: SONS OF LIBERTY BOOKS, P. O. BOX 449, ARABI, LA 70032
USE OUR TOLL FREE NUMBER TO CALL IN YOUR VISA OR MASTERCARD ORDERS MONDAY-WEDNESDAY 10:00 A,M.-3:00 P.M. CST.
MINIMUM CREDIT CARD ORDER $25.00 TOLL FREE NUMBER 1-800-882-9119
Page 16
CDL REPORT-APRIL 1995
CDL WORLD NEWS-from page 14
students, there.are two Jewish children. There are 13 Catholic parishes in the city. Mine has 1800 families. At least two parishes are larger than that. There are four Orthodox churches, and I won't even try to count the Protestant churches.
"So why am I writing this to you? Perhaps because I am tired of waiting to see if my request for ’emergency day’ will be approved by the superintendent. 1 have asked to get off from work on Dec. 8th, using the reason ’obligatory religious observance.’ If my day is •approved, the day will be deducted from mv sick time. (Does this mean anyone who wants to observe a religious holiday is sick?)"
As Jews demand that they receive special rights and recognition Christians seem to have no qualms about allowing their religious holidays to be excluded from state and local recognized holidays. The Jews
paved the way for this when to -"accommodate federal workers" they completely changed our national holidays around. I can remember when Washington’s birthdays was commemorated with a holiday on February 22nd — every year, on the proper date. Now, Washington’s holiday has been lumped together with a nondescript holiday called "President’s Day" which always falls on a Monday so federal employees can enjoy a long weekend — the heck with our histoiy and culture! The important aspect of all our so-called "holidays" is to make sure that bank employees and federal employees always get a long weekend, no matter that histoiy is being distorted. How far will the American people go in letting the Federal Government change their established holidays so a very few can be given special consideration? First Federal employees, now the Jews. 0
Remember The Christian Defense League In Your Will Or Trust
*	When Freedom Fails,	*
*	The Best Men Rot,	*
*	In Filthy Jails;	£
»	And they who cried;	*
J	Appease, Appease,	»
*	Are Hanged by Men
1	They Tried to Please	»
} :
IT'S TIME TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IF YOUR NUMBER IS 178 OR LESS!
BY WAY OF DECEPTION
By
Victor Ostrovsky and Claire Hoy
A former Mossad agent tells all in this fascinating account of his experiences in the Mos&ad.* Included are exposes’ on Israel’s ruthless intelligence activities which have resulted in death and mayhem to Americans. Hardcover. $22.95 plus $&00 postage.
Order from:
SONS OF LIBERTY BOOKS P. O. BOX 449 ARAB1, LA 70032
ORDER EXTRA COPIES OF TfflS ISSUE
10 COPIES...$10.00 20 COPIES...$16.00 50 COPIES...$35.00 100 COPIES...$60.00 200 COPIES...$100.00
[APRIL 1995	ISSUE	1781
PRICES INCLUDE POSTAGE AND HANDLING. MAIL TO:
CHRISTIAN DEFENSE LEAGUE P. O. BOX 449 ARABI, LA 70032
Today’s news can be confusing, but, it doesn’t have to be! Read the CDL RE PORTA so that each month you will be counted among those who are in the know. Thel CDL REPORT offers you the facts suppressed by the rest of "our" national news| media. To stay on top of today’s events, you need the CDL REPORT with its unparalleled record of exclusives. The CDL REPORT is your only source for a| penetrating analysis of the Jewish Question.
Enclosed is $35.00_1 year subscription, CDL REPORT
Enclosed is $95.00_3 year subscription, CDL REPORT
Overseas subscription is $50.00_for	one	year.
Enclosed is a contribution in the amount of $_to
further your important work.
NAME
ADDRESS
CITY
STATE
ZIP
CHRISTIAN DEFENSE LEAGUE P. O. BOX 449 ARABI, LA 70032