Greetings fellow Hammerskins! You are the reason that we have become the most recognized Skinhead movement that the world has ever seen. Each one of you has had input on the way we conduct ourselves and the lifestyles we live. We continue to grow stronger & wiser with every passing day. We have seen over the past few years, well known bands who have joined our ranks to fly the flag w/ us. We have definitely become a force to be reckon with. And the respect that others show to us is from hard work & dedication. We will never be broken as a brotherhood.
We are all bonded by the simple fact that we are Skinheads, we are White, & we are proud of it! As we grow, people are wondering what exactly their duties are, who is the leader, what we are doing, etc.etc.... First, let us say we are not a gang & we have no leader. We have structure!! Structure is made up of appointed Hammer-skins who plan activities, make decisions, & solve problems. We have City Representatives, State Representatives, Regional Directors, and a National Director. And then we have you, the Hammer-skin Nation. AGAIN, you are the reason we exist, and YOU DO BELONG TO THE ELITE!!
We have noticed that within the Hammerskin Nation, a few are beginning to lose faith due to the lack of communication and direction. The Nation has managed to run itself over the past couple of years. Now we feel order and conduct should be put back into motion. You have been reading the opening of the new constitution, in the next issue of the PRESS, you will see what we expect of you. Founders and long time members of the Nation are agreeing to this constitution, so it must be followed. With brotherly love, bonded by brotherhood, we can’t be stopped!
H.F.-F.H.
IN THIS ISSUE...
NEVER FORGET NEW ZEALAND MISFITS SMASH THE REDS WAR PROPAGANDA LONG LIVE DEATH BEER REVIEWS ZINE SCENE CHAPTER LISTING
HAMMERSKIN PRESS IS THE ONLY AUTHORITATIVE MEANS OF PUBLICATION REGARDING THE HAMMERSKIN NATION.
CONTACT US VIA POSTAL MAIL OR E-MAIL: chs@ipa.net FOR ADVERTISEMENT AND SUBSCRIPTION RATES. WE WELCOME AD AND ZINE TRADES. FREE AD SPACE IS GRANTED TO ALL ACCREDITED HAMMERSKINS AND HAMMERSKIN PUBLICATIONS.
“It is a pity that in a country which boasts of it's freedom; it's system of law prohibits men from being real men, thus compromising his true nature and binding his soul with invisible chains heavier than the burden of day to day survival in an uncivilized world. ” - John Reid
SPECIAL GREETINGS TO: Scott, Thom,-BwtHi, EHS, Lief (Beemazi), Springfield CHS, Mirko, Nate, Gideon, Louise, Glen, Greg, Mike, Anthony, Kyle, John, Pete, Hammerskin ! Prisoners, Squadron, Metzger, Reno, Joe, for helping to get the last 3 issues out. Thanx to all who sent in donations. It’s your support that allows the cogs to keep turning! SPECIAL APPRECIATION TO: Clay, Laurie and the Florida Hammerskins for hosting al successful show in Florida on May 30,1998. Look out for more related events and pro] jjects during the rise of the HAMMERSKIN NATION!! H.F.- F.H.
I I I
I
I
On the mg fit of this June two Brothers Cost Eves
*Ihey were taken so soon
I. never had a chance to say goodbye
Or to shake their hands Befort they woulddie
‘Even though I never really kpewyou 'Me shared a Bond that is right hen Before you The Bond of the kinfiO^ the Bond of the Jfammer ‘Your names will Be remembered forever and ever
'Me grievefor the loss of the 'Northern 'Jlamrnerskjns "We must cany on until the very end !R/memBering %fdyfor who he was ‘May he rest in the skies above
find now to the lAkstem Hammers Skinheads
file sing to you the requiem of the dead Tor Matt was a warrior, so pmudand true ^ Brother in the struggle which you ad kpew
Jfail the Northern Nammerskttu wefeel your loss, we mustfight to the end Jfail the 144/stem Hammerskins Uk must fight in remembrance of your dead
file Jfail our JCmmerskin Brothers Tram Nation to Nation across the seas Mk must not forget these two comrades il-Ko devoted their Eves to help you and me
Pure Wfltnpagc
On the morning of June 8th 1996, at approximately 1:00 am, our brothers Matthew Hafher, and Kelly Georgeson, lost their lives to a car accident. Matt was driving| the vehicle with Kelly as a passenger when they went off the road and straight into a tree. They both had to be cut from the vehicle then were flown by helicopter to a local hospital. After a long battle by doctors trying to save their lives,
Kelly Georgeson was pronounced dead on June 8th at 3:45pm. A few hours later on June 8th at 9:00pm, Matt Hafher was also pronounced dead.
Kelly Georgeson hailed from British Colombia and was known to most as the original singer of "Odin's Law" and also as the
singer of "Viking Division" in San Diego Ca.
Matthew Hafher hailed from Minnesota: the U.S. navy stationed him in San Diego Ca.
Matt had been actively involved with the Western Hammerskins for over a year.
Both Matt and Kelly were loyal and proud Hammerskins. They both lived their lives as strong Nordic warriors who dedicated themselves to the struggle.
These two comrades did not die in vain, now we fight on with the memories of these two honorable, honest and fearless warriors.
Matt and Kelly will not be forgotten in the hearts and minds of their friends, family and the Hammerskin Nation.
"YOU ARE NOT FORGOTTEN BROTHERS" Dustin, W.H.S.
HF - 1 - FH
AVAILABLE NOW!!!!!
iBouitb Ifor dSIorp
"&€<©®eejir
The long awaited cd release of the original 13FG 1990 demo featuring martyred lead vocalist ERIK BANKS.This 14 song cd features the demo plus 9 professionally recorded live songs from 1993-1994.with stunning graphics & legal in every country THIS Cl) IS A MUST |-3AVF,????;h
$18 ppd US & Canada $20 ppd. World SUNWHEEL RECORDS PO Box 40783 Balon Rouge la.
70835
I I	USA
EflrfMttrflnlfriiiE wrvirr viiULiiL-uligiimytlEEi .88^; ,„| ,1tm
distribution flairs
^ lu i D&ji
10<J
lMitiiiiiijre =$8.00 m tMli 5Diijmim)ic=S7.00 t'n+n&ji
Art* A* ****************AA*A***AAAlkrtJkAA
BU| r'lH HE fro,n SE i B cd E 1 donated I 111 lidow I
son, trades are welcomed but on a very limited basis	_
aaaaaaaaaaaa*-...........
Southern Hammer Skinheads have been an Authorized Hammerskin Nation chapter for about one year now. We have had help from Southern Cross Hammer Skinheads with the process of becoming authorized.
We have become a major factor in the New Zealand Skinhead scene. S.C.H. is the driving force for political Skinheads in New Zealand. With skin crews that are closely allied with us, we formed the “Pact of Steel.” This guarantees back-up and support to each crew from others in the “pact.” We also control the Skinhead Union in New Zealand. This is all the N.S. and Nationalist Skins in New Zealand.
In New Zealand street culture is very strong. Gangs from different subcultures are constantly fighting each other. Skinheads are usually in the middle of conflict being the warriors that drive us to war. NZ in recent years has had an influx of Homie gangs copying the U.S. model. U.S. movies have brought this mongrel street culture to our shores. They are a constant pain in the ass. Unlike the U.S., their gangs support each other against White gangs. They rarely fight each other. Many Skins are in prison here
for killing Homies, niggers and race traitors. Drugs infest our country. Asians and other imported freaks bring hard drugs to New Zealand. Some are made here. Cannabis is very common. We have had to fight the drug culture, which seems to be the hardest fight. Skins used to see drugs as part of the scene a few years ago. Many still do. Some Skins including myself have worked on projects to educate Skins that drugs and racial honour don’t come together. They are separate. These projects have had success and enough of us have seen the light now. A great skinhead scene is in New Zealand with S.H.S. leading the way!
We have formed our chapter into a military structure. We have officers down to privates. We are a legal incorporated society. This stops antigang laws from effecting us. We try to put a good working class image to White folk and we support and do work for NZ political groups.
Christchurch is our head quarters. We also have a club house here. All our senior officers live in the South Island. We have members in Christchurch, Nelson, West-port, Wellington and Duedin. We have no bands at present
but we’re working on putting the first New Zealand Hammerskin band.
Other plans for the future are to setup a club house in Wellington; Put together a team to do Blood & Honour in New Zealand (in cooperation with Australian B & H) We hope to make the word ‘Skinhead’ a copyright term. This will give us more legal pull when the media, or society in general, try to call everyone with a shaven head a Skinhead (rapists, drug dealers, etc..)
ZOG makes laws against us so we are fighting with other laws against them and the media. We need to fight on different levels.
The day will come when Skinhead soldiers march in victory parades. Until then, S.H.S. will work and fight for a better future.
H.F.F.H Kyle Chapman Co-leader S.H.S.
SOUTHERN HAMMER SKINHEADS PO BOX 22247 CHRISTCHURCH NEW ZEALAND
HF - 3 - FH
All Hell Create Loose!
Review by: Kevin Scary (Some dumb kid!)
Subject: "Springfield: Hammerskins and fuck heads" Date: Sat, 15 Mar 1998
Well the show in Springfield wasn't to great. My little groups troubles started before we even got in line for the door. We were greeted by the local Hammerskins (a Hammerskin is the extremely Aryan White Power Nazi Mother Fuckers) who want to beat up my drummer (because he is Armenian) who was with us, but we shugged that off just to be confronted by the St. Louis (that’s where we are from) SHARPs (Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice) and the Dogfight Crew (local hardcore band and their friends) who also want to beat up my drummer (cause they think he is a Nazi, if that doesn't make sense to you don't worry we have been trying to figure that one out for a long time) So our drummer decided that it would be in his best interest if he went back to the hotel. We drove him to the hotel and made it back in time to catch the last 2 songs by the Intruders (who do rock, I saw them on their first US tour back in summer 97) About 5 songs into H20 set the Hammerskins and the hardcore kids/Sharps tie into it. A big fight erupts which spills into the street and the end result was most the Hammerskins got to stay in the club, the hard
core / sharps left and Toby's (lead singer of H20) wife got arrested, so H20 cut their set short (which suxed cause H20 are one fucking incredible live band)
When the Misfits finally came on more fights started breaking out, where allot of people spilled outta the club to continue it, and a couple minor ones between Hammerskins and Punx. Mike Graves was getting pissed at the violence (I talked to the 'fits sound guy before they went on and he told me that how long they played and stuck around depended on how much bullshit went on during their set) By the time their set was over Mike seemed really pissed, so we went out back and got our shit singed and talked to the guys (except mike he was trying to pass out in the Winny) I asked Jerry about Road Runner and signing with them and he said that the Road Runners people were there tonight, then I asked, him about the lack of Roadrunner vinyl and he said well they will have to change that for us. I gotta go on the bus and get Doyle to sign my jacket (which has the crimson ghost really big across the back) and saw something that really bugged me Jerry was all fucking groping on a couple girls which I swear couldn't be older than 16, he was like touching them all over! It was fucked up! Doesn't he have a wife and teenage kids? Man, witnessing that was my biggest let down of the night.
RETAGUARDIA
Skinheads magazine in Spanish and English! Special 1+ interviews, 83 pages!!! Some paces in colour, and special.-White Power Photo album!! •Interviews with: Batallon dc Castigo. HcotmUI, Hejrsel, Corona Ferrea, Pure Rampage, No Alibi, Blue Eyed Devils. Bound For Glory, Freikopn,	M	Fortress, Iron Youth,
Viking Sounds andTOKQUEMADA.
•Articles from POW, Skins on Internet,
Skins Russia, Spanish Pride. News, etc...
This maganne cost 7$ (USA;
PO llox I lift 2*9*0 Fucnlabrada Madrid SPAIN

- C0SM0THE1ST MAGAZINE -Wotanism, N.S., Skins, Tribalism 44 pages ~ $4.00 ppd. HerrenVolk Press POB 34354 Memphis, TN 38134
Need some advice on how to get rid of those pesky little anti-Racists in your area? We have gathered together a few ideas to help you exterminate them! Many of these groups (who seem to frequent smalll Klan gatherings and elderly Nazis houses instead of stepping up for some REAL action) obvi-fl ously use a quantity over quality method and are filled with all sorts of degenerates. Join the Smash The Reds Campaign and clean up your streets, be inventive! «.
Thanx to TM and GG for the following educational tactics.
10) Brass knuckles are good but can bring you more shit if caught. A penny roll or a bic lighter does just as good and far more easier to explain. Same goes for box cutters as opposed to knives.
9) Rent u-hauls to arrive at a concert where you expect a mob of Reds. We have stacked 25 or 30 in the back and boiled out at the front door. Then a driver boogies. Tell the driver to fuck the truck if it looks bad and run. Let them trash the truck. Who cares?
8) There is a product called BEE-GO used to get rid of BEES, ft is sold at many farm stores etc. This is mean stuff. A small glass vial that might break in a concert or other assembly will clear the place in nothing flat even requiring the carpets to be replaced. A small amount in a car will make it un-livable. It just stinks them out. No other effects are known.
6) Take out their leader (it's usually one I loud mouth leading the fools) and keep the \ pressure on till he turn tails and run outta ’ town.
5) Use two-way radios, cel-lulars, police scanners, P? CB’s etc...for better ' ' 1 communication and Iip surveillance. Use pay \J/ phones and sit on the lines. This is better than Radios. Put out of order signs on the ones you aren't using so the creeps cant use them.
4) Dont ever stick around to EXPLAIN to the cops! Get out as fast as possible. Inflict maximum pain in shortest time and run. Carry another shirt and cap to disguise as you escape. Have a ‘‘regrouping” spot incase you get split up.
3) Spot the opponents cars and superglue their door locks so they cant get away in a car. Carry some sugar and get as many enemy gas tanks as possible. Some sugar will destroy the engine. Moth balls are great in the gas tank too. Supposedly Palmolive dishwashing detergent mixed with the gas in the enemies car turns into a type of napalm and bums up all the lines in the car that it is placed in.
2) Roll pieces of pipe with newspaper as a disguise where you will be expecting Reds. Steel cap boots and detachable chain wallets seem to work wonders also.
7) Anyone of the 1 million and one uses for superglue are pretty good and untraceable unless you get caught gluing their shit shut redhanded. Super Glue should leave no finger prints and is highly annoying to the victim.
1) Break a ton of matchheads off. Then cut a SMALL hole in a tennis ball. Stuff all of the match-heads into die ball, until you can’t fit any more in. Then tape over it with duct tape. Make sure it is real nice and tight! Then, when you see a a group of geeks around, give it a good throw.
HF - 5 - FH
The following interview is with longtime activist Tom White youth they will come out swinging. Our next Metzger of White Aryan Resistance:
HP: How long has WAR been in operation?
Tom: In 1980 Tom Metzger left the KKK of California I created the White American Political Association. It evolved into White Aryan Resistance By 1983.
HP: Some folks see you as the Godfather of Racial Separatism in America...Do you accept this title?
Tom: I am proud if that is true. The term White Separatist I believe if The Metzgers didn't create it we certainly popularized it on national TV shows. The press now routinely use the term.
HP: Do you encourage Racists to run for political office, or involve themselves in Military positions?
Tom: I encourage activists to do anything that works. If it works, full steam ahead. If not drop it and do something else. We need people in all areas. To gain power we need professionals in all areas. If you can get over 20% yes.
Most of us have only been able to get 10% to 15 %. The alarms dont go off until you get past 20%. Even then its a Sein Fein operation and not effective without the armed underground to enforce your wishes. All political action must come from the Iron Fist velvet glove concept.
WAR issue will discuss THE RISE OF THE ARYAN MAFIA.
HP: Do you consider National Socialism or Fascism to be a logical platform?
Tom: All political concepts evolve with the time and conditions. Nothing stays the same. Trying to operate National Socialist concepts of 1938 with 1998 conditions is worse than a joke. Eclectic is the watchword. We must pick and choose from any ideology that shows an I ability to win i.e.: gain power. Without power all is non- I sense. The right wing has a subconscious desire to	I
loose.. The right wing failed in Germany and was ab-	I
sorbed by the NAZI'S. I am not ana- I tionalist. lama pan Aryanist. I am not I a Socialist by today's standards, since I about all socialism today is Jewish in practice. lama RACE is Nation na-	I
tionalist and an Aryan Socialist but not to exclude enlightened ARYAN free I enterprise. I see no borders to race.
National borders are Capitalist industrial concepts that evolved from the age of Kings. They are not for today.	j
National Socialism as a cult is dangerous as is the deification of uncle Adolph. He was a master politician and Aryan who borrowed much of his eugenics programs from the U.S. He was a man deserving of respect but not without faults.
Hitler would be to liberal for the struggle we face. Our problems make Germanys of the 30's look like child's play.
HP: How has the Mestizo and other non-White population effected your region?
Tom: The Mestizo invasion is a disaster. The Southwest
is on the verge of being racially conquered. Every inch HP: Describe Third Position and it's basic principles. we give up we will have to bleed for eventually. Mestizos Tom: Third position is very simple to W.A.R. not to be are like insects in their habits and are not stopping at the confused with the complicated right wing concept in use southwest. One thing we must do is divide the so called in Europe. We reject present Internationa] capitalism and Hispanics. Their are millions of White Hispanics in South international socialism and Marxism as evil threats to our
America even a sizable White Hispanic population in Mexico and central America. So far our struggle has snubbed our noses at Spanish speaking White people. That must change..
HP: Where do you see Racial Separatism in the next 10 years?
Tom: More and more will call for separation. More and
European White race. Beyond that third position adheres totally to the issue of RACE, all other issues including economics comes after. Their is also room for individual disagreement and dialogue within our association on all issues accept the RACE issue.
HP: Seen any good movies lately?
Tom: The BOXER is an example of the craziness of frat-
more will become violent to achieve it. Today's gangs are ricide between Whites in Ireland. Very important him. tomorrows political Armies. When it finally sinks in to Movies are a good source for ideas. Also even if the
HF-6-FH
Jews guide the movie I always switch it around to make my own hero or villan. In the film PLATOON my hero was TOM BERRINGER who blew away the liberal idiot ALIAS in the film. I like the Godfather films. Apocalypse now was a favorite. Marlon Brando's dialogue with SHEEN at the end was like going to Aryan church and I play the audio tape all the time. Once Upon a Time in the West was the finest western ever made. All the principle players are a yard stick for what we need today. Henry Fonda plays a perfect might is right role. Jason Robards also. It also depicts the glorious Aryan move west using the most ruthless Aryans as an example. There are many more but to many to comment on.
HP: How would you sum up the Right-Wing in America?
Tom: DEAD AND DYING AND NOT A MINUTE TO SOON. LETS HELP IT OUT OF ITS DEFEATIST MISERY
HP: Would you prefer home schooling over public or private schooling?
Tom: All my kids went to public school. I wanted them to experience other races at their worst. You cannot shelter our youth, they must be inoculated with RACISM early.
HP: What suggestions would you give to those taking on leadership roles?
Tom: Dont listen to old right wing leaders who peddle just more of the same activities that have failed for decades. When Leon Degralle was in his twenties and on the eastern front he was made a general over hundreds of his seniors. Alexander conquered the known world while he was in his twenties and cried because their were no more areas to conquer. Leadership is simply a vote by the feet or the mind. Good men and women seek out good leaders. At this time I see my leadership to be steeling the minds for the vicious struggle we face. To expel all the right wing nonsense First you must get your mind right and then the body will follow. Most of us who are spoiled with the material good times are to soft for the leadership needed in the near future. Bob Mathews showed the beginnings and Timothy Mcveigh raised the price of poker. These two said more in one act than all the speeches given in twenty years. Revolution must be THE POLITICS OF THE DEED. However that does not mean small time street activity is good revolution.
HP: How can one avoid traitors and snitches that have been so prevalent as key witnesses with many of the racially motivated cases reported lately?
Tom: Without the ability to reward or punish we have a severe problem. First all informants in any revolutionary
struggle must be marked for death. This sentence can be carried out right away or years down the road. But it must be done or the problem gets even worse. Informants are not paid enough to give up their life or a finger or an arm or leg. The problem is you risk your own life and position by screwing it up. It seems like White activists cant do anything without holding someone's hand. Joesph Paul Franklin is a good example of the LONE WOLF principle. It looks like he hit as many as 40 people before he went down. Why? Because he did it himself and kept his mouth shut.
HP: Who/What would you declare the biggest enemy of the Racial Separatist movement?
Tom: The WHITE SHEEP, THE CHURCHES, THE MILITARY, THE SCHOOLS AND UNIVERSITIES, THE CONSERVATIVE RIGHT WING. Clean that up and the JEWS ARE A WEEKEND OPERATION. First We must GET OUR COLLECTIVE MIND SET TO UNDERSTAND THEIR ARE NO EASY ANSWERS. We will have to get our hands dirty.
HP: What do you look for in determining a quality Racist?
Tom: One who acts more than he or she talks. Dont look at what they say look at what they do. Suspect anyone who tells you they have an easy way to victory. One who has cut him or her self off from the right and studies the politics and concepts of REVOLUTIONARY TACTICS. One who is beyond good and evil.
HP: How would you define Aryan?
Tom: Aryan is anyone of the White European race that through their positive acts in furtherance of their race may be considered the “Nobility”. Just being a biological Aryan or White is not enough.
I WHITE ARYAN RESIS-ITANCE SERVING THE 1 WHITE RACE SINCE 11980-SUBSCRIBE TO S THE WORLDS MOST I RACIST, IRREVERENT,
I SEDITIOUS NEWSPAPER | AVAILABLE AT ANY IPRICE-S30 USA- $40 CANADA-550 ALL OTHER-W.A.R. ARYAN UPDATE 760-723-8996-SAN FRANCISCO 415-979-5806- MIDWEST 612-535-0430- WRITE PO BOX 65 FALLBROOK,CA 92088 SEND $3 CASH FOR A SAMPLE COPY OF WAR.
HF - 7 - FH
May We Recommend...
“For My Legionaries-The Iron Guard”
By Comeliu Codreanu
A great book about the struggle of Romanian National Socialism against Zion aiui the sacrifices of the Iron Guard who never compromised with Jewry.
Aryan Martyr Codreanu started his racial activism as a student in the University near where he lived. He enrolled in Iasi University after fighting tor his country in the Romanian Army against the Russians and Hungarians. In college he led the NS student movement of the 1920’s and later went on to form the legendary Iron Guard movement of which he and his fellow comrades were constantly beaten, jailed on false charges and tortured and persecuted for their firm firm belief in the cause. Later, Codreanu would become a martyr for Romanian National Socialism when he and his comrades are murdered by agents of the state.
As the struggle of the NS student movement became desperate, after a year of a boycott-strike by the students of the Jew dominated University, in this excerpt Codreanu and his comrade Mota take a trip up to the mountains to hike, pay tribute to a martyrs hermitage, explore nature, get some fresh air and talk about their struggle.
Codreanu: Mota also came to Campul-Lung to join me in going to Pctru Rare’s (Romanian Martyr) hermitage on the Rarau Mountain-the mountain I particularly love. As we climbed it, Mota shared with me his inner turmoil.
Mota: Students can no longer carry on next fall, and rather than all of us accepting shameful capitulation following a year of struggle, it would be better to urge them to resume classes and we, who have led them, end the event nobly by sacrificing ourselves and taking down with us all those we find most guilty of having betrayed the Romanian interests.
Let us procure handguns and fire them, giving a terrifying example to be long remembered throughout Romanian history. What will become of us after that, whether we shall die or whether we shall spend the rest of our days in prison, would no longer matter.
Codreanu: I agreed that the final act of our fight be, at the price of our downfall, an act of punishment for the pygmies who, deserting the posts of great responsibility they were holding, humiliated and exposed the Romanian nation to untold dangers.
We felt in that moment bubbling in our veins the blood which demanded vengeance for all the injustices and the long chain of humilia-
tions to which our people had been subjected.
The first problem we had to face was to decide who were the principle guilty parties; who were most responsible for the state of misery which seized the whole country; Romanians or Jews? We unanimously agreed that the first and greatest culprits were the treacherous Romanians who for Judas’s silver pieces betrayed their people. The Jews are our enemies and as such they hate, poison, and exterminate us. Romanian leaders who cross into their camp are worse than enemies: they are traitors. The first and fiercest punishment ought to fell first on the
traitor, second on the enemv. If I had but one bullet and 1 were faced * *
bv both an enemv and a traitor. I would let the traitor have it • • •
As you can see, it is a powerful book. Codreanu in his youth; after his NS Student Movement had been consistently smeared and lied about (in true-Jew fashion) in the Jewish press, Codreanu stormed into the printing press of one of the big Jewspapers and smashed up the press with a hammer! A few days later, he attacked the editors of the paper on the street! Talk about "Direct Action”!!
It is an awesome book, second only to Mein BCampf in detailing the struggle of National Socialism in the early days of the NS movement. The book is also excellent in its exposure of the filthy, lying Jews and how they rape Romania and suck the lifesblood from the Romanian people, in the same fashion they do in every country they occupy. It is truly one of the most anti-Semitic books I’ve ever read, and a real eye-opener on the evils of Jewry.
At the conclusion of this heroic yet tragic tale the bold and valiant Codreanu becomes a martyr for National Socialism. Loyal to the end, Codreanu was hung, and all his fellow Legionaries shot, for fighting for the Arvan Race. HAIL CORDREANU! HAIL THE ARYAN GUARD!
“From heavy, hard hammer strokes Bent over by hunger and want.
From slag of furnace and of boilers.
Hungry we raise ourselves, and naked...
From lightning we will build a new country on great anvils over the centuries From sacrifice and from hammer blows We will forge ourselves a destiny of IRON!”
(You may recognize the above verses, it’s the Hymn of the Iron Guard, and B.F.G. has it in their song, “Fall of the Tyrants”)
Book review submitted by FENRJS WOLF
IRON YOUTH "Durchdas Volk - Mit dem Volk - Fur das Volk" -1998 Hate Records
This is the first CD to accompany the birth of HATE RECORDS. And what a way to start with the debut release of IRON YOUTH! IY are an excellent Hardcore bond from Greece with a very original Militant style of music. [RON YOUTH tackles many subjects ranging from Drugs, Capitalism, Integration, Etc... The lyries are straight forward, and hard hitting. I found the layout and print of the CD to be one of the most attractive,
well put together CD’s I have ever come across. If you are fan of Hardcore music, Straight-Edge, or just White Power, you’re sure to love this one!
1 don't recommend being around firearms, non-Whites, explosives, or synagogues while listening to this CD. The CD preludes with an awesome piuno ballad to help calm you down after a near overdose of power till energetic hardcore sound. This one belongs with vour CD collection! Order it now!
W
HATE RECORDS-US DIVISION IK) BOX 3534 SEMINOLE, FL 33775
HF I 8 | FH
HAMMERSK1N T-SHIRTS
Hammerskin T-Shirts written in classic Lonsdale style (shown above). Red lettering outlined in black. Available on black, grey ,or white (50% cotton/50% polyester) t-shirts. Available in large and extra large.
$15.00 (U.S. dollars) per shirt, postage paid.
* Please specify color and size of shirts desired. •
•	Sold only to Hammerskins, and mailed only to Hammerskin mailing addresses.
•	Blank money orders only. Please do not send personal checks or cash.
•	Mail your order to:	E.H.S.
P.O.Box 26
Abingdon, Maryland 21009 U.S. A.
LONG LIVE DEATH
by Peter Georgncarnkos
Among the European pantheons, there arc two fairly well known mythological tales of destruction and renewal. In the Norse myth of Ragnarok, a conflict ensues between the “light” and “dark” gods. All is destroyed, including the gods on both sides, and Baldur, the Son of Odin, re-cmerges to lead in the rebuilding of a new world. There is also the Greek myth of the Phoenix, a great bird which lives for a certain period of time, then builds its own funeral pyre and flaps its wings to ignite the flames. With its great wings, the Phoenix purposefully fans the fires of its own destruction. When the fire has burned out, a new Phoenix, mightier than the old, emerges from the ashes.
It seems the biggest difference in these similar myths is the agent of destruction. Baldur is slain, essentially, by the trickster god Loki, while the Phoenix destroys itself. Ragnarok can be seen to represent the workings of polarized forces in the eternal cycle of life-death-renewal in ourselves.
These are the forces of self overcoming.
This aspect of life is very important to our movement Self-overcoming is a painful yet necessary experience. We have all endured many trying events in our lives - lost love, lost lives, failure, even the transition from childhood to adolescence, and adolescence to adulthood. These are everyday human manifestations of the rise of the Phoenix - in each endeavor, part of us is lost, yet we emerge stronger than before. The greatest significance of the Phoenix is that its life-death-renewal process is eternal, and therefore its greatness infinite.
What does the Phoenix represent to us now, as members of a revolutionary movement? If we take an honest moment to consider the movement, we will recognize many “Phoenixes” which plainly refuse to overcome, to build the funeral pyre of their unsuccessful paths, their once good but now stale stances, their outdated regalia. The flames of that Arc are indeed difficult to bear, especially when they consume, by our own will, the work of years, sometimes of a lifetime. Yet the Phoenix, true to its cause, dutifully builds its pyre, ignites the flame, and fans the fire of self-destruction with an eye to the future - to the re-emergence of something more noble than what we lost. The newborn greatness is worth the painful fire. When this natural process is forsaken, stagnation and decay settle in. We see this in our society; we must now sec this in our movement.
It seems obvious that when the duty to carry on the eternal saga of the Phoenix is disregarded, the destruction necessary to allow the renewal process to continue will come eventually, via Ragnarok, and inevitable destruction from without.
How many of us have looked forward with eager eyes for the advent of Ragnarok, while we did not even deal adequately with the cvcles of our own existence? Can one who refuses to
m
accept the fires of his own self-overcoming, due to vanity or weakness, really hope to survive the destructive fires of an entire civilization?
Many Pagans have known and taught the significance of Ragnarok for a long time. It is now time to fully understand the numinous meaning of the Phoenix. How can we demand that civilizations in decay must be destroyed in order that a new, brighter civilization may arise, when we do not adhere to the same cyclical necessities in the lives of men, and of the movement as an organism? The barbarians who crash the gates of the cilv thereafter crash our front doors!
Mythology, it has been said, is something that never was, but always is. Let us heed the wise messages of our great progenitors. We will never forget the majesty of the Acropolis, the enchantment of Homer, the wisdom of Socrates, or the might of the Spartan warrior.
Let us likewise never forget the fires of the Phoenix.
There is much that is new in our movement, much that is fresh and invigorating. Why does the old, stagnant, provenly ineffective, stand beside it ~ crowd it ~ like a vulture beside the shining new Phoenix? We must collectively contemplate our philosophies, our thoughts, our actions, and ensure that each is not fit to be hurled upon the funeral pyre. If we see things that are, let us build the pyre with perseverance and a sense of duty, never forgetting that new heights shall be reached when the fires have died. Let us be willing to sacrifice parts of ourselves, even parts we have come to love and admire, so that greatness, and not custom, carries the torch of the moment.
Only thus can we, as a movement, continue to evolve as our environment evolves, and play a principal role in the events of the future. The many temporary deaths we will suffer as the fires of the Phoenix are ablaze are nothing compared to the eternal death, with no possible re-emergence, that our people will suffer if we are not always new, always strong, always prepared to defend.
“Through strife all things arise and pass away... War is the father and king of all; some he has made gods, and some men; some slaves, and some free... the mixture which is not shaken decomposes.” -Heraclitus (530-470 BC)
HF -10 - FH
It used to be that <(Ou had to search far and viide to find a liquor store with a decent selection of imported or specialty beers. Not anymore, it seems that evepf liquor store right down to the Ma &■ Pa operations have a section devoted to imports microbrews. While it's nice to have a wide selection, sometimes the quality of beer doesn't live up to expectations. This is especially true of the microbrews which are usually cheaper than imports. One micro -brewery that has never disappointed however, is the l^edhooK Ale brewer from Seattle. Their newest brew. Double &lacK Stout, is no exception.
I have to honestly say that this is one of the finest beers I've tasted ever. The Key to the unique flavor of this stout is the StarbucKs coffee which is introduced somewhere in the brewing process. The recipe is unfortunately a closely guarded secret between the two collaborators.
The result is a taste that is an almost perfect balance between a thicfc delicious stout and the stubble hints of an exquisite coffee. Tbe first taste sensation when you experience is that of a strong full bodied blacK stout. It's with the dry after taste that you really enjoy the blending of flavor from both these fine products. &eing such a thicK and Ailing beer, it's probably not a beer that you would choose to drinK all night, but it goes great with a fine cigar or after a good steaK dinner.
(f you enjoy this product, be sure and check out PedhooK* Porter and Hefe-Wiesen, two other quality beers from this excellent brewery.
oteAP &eep. of me month:
As if it ain't fucking obvious, 1 love beer! I don't give a goddamn if I got a pint of $tout. Pale Ale, or simply an aluminum can filled with good ole American piss-water sitting in front of me. &ut I got io draw the line somewhere.
What the fuck is up with this trend to flavor beer, like it doesn't taste fine just the way H is. For example. Lambic style beers...What Kind of Nancy &oy needs his beer to taste liKe cherries? The only thing worse than that is that putrid tastino £hile beer. LiKe beer doesn't give me the squirts as it is.
The newest installment in this wacKo trend is Phat &oy malt liquor.
Now since this beer has an alcohol of <#%, you might thinK I'd be shouting its praises. 6>ut its also flavored with Ginseng. The only thing sicKer than the taste of this beer is tbe people this beer is marKeted for. Tell me if it isn't the epitome of filthy hip-bop culture. Tust one more plot by ZDC* to further corrupt mindless big pants wearing white Kids by further buying into Negropbelia.
This foul spirit, however, can worK to our advantage. ThinK about it, malt liquor it ginseng, a stimulant it depressant in one. As if $Kinbeads weren't crazy and violent as it is. Imagine one thousand drunK Skinheads rampaging through the streets with Phat &oy flowing through their veins. As the KamtKaz.es had amphetamines to maKe them invincible, so shall we have Phat &oy.
One side note however, never mix Phat &oy and MicKeys together as you will spontaneously combust. Until next time. P&$ OFFI
& NEWS!!
the seepj'JMJ
Albany - A federal court ordered (he state to lift its ban against (he sale of Bad Frag Beer, which the stale imposed because the beer's label depicts a cartoonish frog with its middle finger upraised. The brewer's right to market the beer as it sees fits outweighs die dunce it will encourage underage drinking, the court said.
Fresno - A husband and wife pulled guns on each other and shot it out during a mar-riage counseling session after he arrived late drinking a beer. Michael Martin was treated at a hospital and released; Bonnie Marun was in serious condition Thursday. With a beer in one hand and a gun in the other, Michael Martin shot his wife Wednesday as she tried to walk out of the meeting at St. James Episcopal Cathedral, their counselor said Thursday. A bleeding Bonnie Martin pulled a pistol from her purse and shot her husband in the shoulder. The two took the gunbattle outside, where Bonnie Martin collapsed and was shot at again. Martin allegedly hit his wife at least once more before he ran out of bullets.
Police said they will seek attempted murder charges against both.
Germany - Germans apparently have been taking their beer seriously even longer than was thought The Reinheitsgebot — or purity law — for beer laid down by Bavarian Duke Wilhelm IV in 1516 is still strictlv obeyed bv
+	m	m
the country's 1,200 breweries. But Peter Ai-bach, mayor of Weissensee, about 100 miles southwest of Berlin, said Thursday that a document in Gothic script has been found in the city archives that predates the duke's order by almost a century. The 1434 document. like the duke's, specifies that only water, barley malt, bops and yeast may be used to brew beer. Though it is unclear what other ingredients might have been added in the past, it is believed the duke's law was intended to ensure that fresh, clean water was used.
India - Officials in India report that a herd of thirsty elephants in search of a drink destroyed several illegal breweries southwest of Calcutta. The 45-strong herd charged out of the hills in search of water but dropped into the illegal breweries instead. Tbe elephants destroyed six illegal breweries in two days," said Mahendru Pondc. a district forest officer. "They arc notoriously famous lor their fondness towards liquor and arc great guzzlers."
Svnd all ctmwmau and free liver to the Hcenuizt W PO Ik a 134 Harrisburg, MO 63236
HF -11 - FH
SAXON - The Magazine of the British Ilanunerskins (Issue #3 /19 pgs)
This attractive zinc from our British cohorts contains many news from Europe and abroad. You will find a great interview with the recently resurrected Ovalti-nces. Gig Reviews, an interview with David Lane, Pure Rampage and Music reviews. SUPPORT the Hammersldn Nation by sending S4 to British Hammer-skins; PO Box 452, Peterborough; PE3 7NU, England; Great Britain
SPARTACUS - National Bolshevik & Third Way Journal (Issue #7/23 pgs) Their mission statement is to promote National Revolutionary and Third position thought from a North American perspective. Link ecological issues with the problems of immigration and over population. Encourage anti-system coalitions that transcend ideological and religious boundaries. This is a commendable Third Way publication. Send $? to Spartacus Press; PO Box 2712; Hearst, Ontario: POL 190 Canada
“WHITE POWER, WHITE PRIDE”
The White Separatist Movement in the United States Betty A. Dobratz and Stephanie I.. Shanks This richly original and comprehensive work makes use of extensive archival records, analyses of promotional videotapes, thousands of pages of movement-generated documents. hundreds of hours of direct field observations, and 125 interviews with members of the Ku KJux Klan, Skinhead, neo-Nazi, and Christian Identity wings of the Separatist movement. Dobratz and Shanks cover all of the major organizations, actors and events associated with the White Separatist movements. clearly drawing distinctions between the groups with respect to their ideologies, strategies, and tactics, and examine countermovement “efforts" by snakes such as the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, and the Coalition for Human Dignity.
ISBN 0-8057-65-7 - 1997 - 362 pages - 20 illustrations - cloth - S29.95 mail orders to: Simon & Schuster: Library Reference Order Department; 200 Old tappan Road; Old Tappan. NJ 07675 order by phone: 1-800-257-5157 order bv fas: 1-800-445-6991
HASS ATTACKE - H. A. Services (Issue #7 / 31 pgs)
This is Germanys answer to the Hammersldn Press! Even though I can’t read German, I can judge by the contents, quality and size of this zine, that it is an excellent zine. Filled with numerous band interviews, rated music reviews, zinc reviews, comics and more! MUCH MORE! And besides, this is a Hammers kin publication, what else matters? SUPPORT the Hammersldn Nation by sending S7 to HA Service; PO Box 33; 01844 Ncustadt; Germany
WHITE RESPONSE - Awake White Women (Issue #5/14 pgs)
The White Power version of Soap Opera Digest! I love this issue, for it was very unique with great articles on troublesome relationships gone sour. It goes into heavy details! First it's Love, followed by Abuse, Eviction, Pregnancy, Break-up, Etc... Though the zine mainly focuses on the previous notion, it also includes some book reviews, Pure rampage interview Top Tens and more. You gotta read this one! Send S? to W.R.; PO Box 50149. Marlborough Post Outlet; Calgary, Alberta; T2A7P1 Canada
FENRIS WOLF - Racially Pure Barbaric Hate (Issue #3 / 72 pgs)
What can I say, the name says it all! When you are tucked safely in your beds behind the deadlock, unaware of the feral power that moves in the shadows. When you hear the howling of the wolves in the cold darkened night, that will remind you of their presence! This zine had everything you could imagine, and then some! With articles to ruthless to mention...order your copy today! Send S4 to Fenris Wolf; PO Box 149; Wright City, MO 63390
SIGRDRIFA - Women For Aryan Unity (Issue #4-5 / 61 pgs)
Ok ladies, this ones for you! A jam packed zine with articles on Women of History, Abortion, Pregnancy A. Nutrition, Fitness. Activities for Children, First Aid, Etc... This is a must for ail White Women! I also found it to be very intriguing to read things from Proud White Woman's point of view. Not many publications like this arc in existence, so get it now! Sigrdrifa; PO Box 30025; Victoria, BC; V8X5E1 Canada
THE HAMMER - Southern Hammer Skinheads (Issue ? / 8 pgs)
This nifty little zine comes from our good comrades out of New Zealand. It includes material such as the SS Field Order that was issued to the Waffcn SS by Heinrich Himmler, White Power by Jost Turner, Scene Reports from Czech Republic and the S.H.S. and company in New Zealand. SUPPORT the Hammer-skin Nation by sending $4 for a subscription to S.H.S.; PO Box 22247 Christchurch; New Zealand
THULE - Prisoners Journal (Issue ? / 17 pgs)
This is an excellent publication dedicated to POW's and Political Prisoners.
Since most prisoners are not allowed to correspond with one another, this is an excellent way to reach out to others both inside and outside. This publication is sent out free, but cannot continue to flourish without your help. Send your donations and support our brothers & sisters behind bars to Thule Publications; PO Box 4542; Portland OR 97208
■ PUBLISHERS: Send in your publications to be reviewed within future issues. We welcome AO and Zinc B trades. Free AD space is granted to all accredited Ham-1 merskins and Hammerskin Publications.
-HAMMERSKIN WEB ZINES -
http://www.fast.net.au/clanmac http://home.att.net/~wpsh8814/ http://www.skinnet.demon.co.uk/ http://www.whitepower.eom/germany/L
http://home.att.net/~hammerskin/index.html

HAMMERSKIN PRESS DISTRIBUTORS
Due to high shipping rates to overseas, we've established Hammerskin Press Distro’s for your convience. Please contact the Distro nearest you for the latest issue of Hammerskin Press.
HAMMERSKIN PRESS		HAMMERSKIN PRESS
c/o H.A. Service		c/o S.C.H.S.
PO Box 33		POBox 1032
01844 Neusladt		Sutherland
Germany		2232 Australia
HF - 12 - FH
- CONFEDERATE HAMMER SKINS -PO Box 24084, Little Rock, AR, 72221 *Hammerskin Press PO Box 9272, Springfield, MO, 65801 PO Box 531, Gardendale, AL, 35071 PO Box 3482, Seminole, FL 33775 PO Box 60242 Jacksonville, FL 32236
* NORTHERN HAMMER SKINS •
PO Box 6773, East St. Paul, MN, 55106 * Bound for Glory PO Box 514, Hartland, WI 53029 PO Box 08-1371, Rochester, MI, 48308 * Max Resist PO Box 33, Germantown, WI, 53022 PO Box 913, Bristol, IN, 46507 PO Box 265, Surrey, BC, V3T 4W8 Canada *Odin's Law VHS: PO Box 43 Montreal, Que, Canada H4G 3EL
I EASTERN HAMMER SKINS -PO Box 273, Earlville, PA, 19519 PO BOX 26, Abingdon, MD 21009
- WESTERN HAMMER SKINS -PO Box 881606, San Diego CA, 92168 PO Box 31831, Phoenix, AZ, 85046 *Pure Rampage
I EUROPEAN HAMMER SKINS -Swiss Hammerskins: PO Box 3, 8965 Berikon 1, Switzerland Romandie Hammerskins: PO Box 108, 2005 Neuchatel 5, Switzerland Italian Hammerskins: PO Box 180 Via Teodosio 55, 20131 Milano Italy *ADL 122 & Corona Ferrea German Hammerskins: PO Box 33, 01844 Neustadt, Germany *Hass Attacke British Hammerskins: PO Box 452, Peterborough, Cambs, PE3 7NU, England * Saxon Bohemia Hammerskins: PO Box 70, Trutnov 4, 54102 Czech Republic *Vlaska & Excalibur New Zealand Hammerskins: PO Box 22247, Christchurch, New Zealand Slovakian Hammerskins: PO Box 65, Velty Krtis, Slovakia Nederland Hammerskins: Postbus 3201, 3101 EE Schiedam, Nederland
I SOUTHERN CROSS HAMMER SKINS -PO BOX 1032 Sutherland 2232 Australia PO BOX 186 Annandale NSW 2038 Australia
ATTENTION HAMMERSKINS: Please help keep this page updated with any changes in your region.
IN MEMORY OF MATT & KELLY