

THE EDITOR
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! And welcome to the Winter edition of the HAMMERS KIN PRESS. This issue is dedicated to the birth date of Robert J. Matthews bom January 16, 1953.
We have included Matthews Last Testament written before being killed by federal tyrants on December 8,
1984.
We hope to see a productive year here at the Press for '98 along with increased productivity from fellow Hammers. The Press is a quarterly publication which I serves as the OFFICIAL source for collective activity amongst the HAMMERS KIN NATION and its associates. We also have a monthly e-mail publication I where you can get all the up-to-date information which comes less equivalent to the snail-mail zine. Those who are not on the Internet, but would like to be, get in touch with us and well give you some info on how to get online. Censorship is taking full force of all means of communication, so take advantage of the Internet while you still can.
HP's main focus and concern, is that of Government tyranny and the expulsion of the Iron Heel. With the emergence of the Police State, there is no better time than NOW to take an active part in promoting the Racial Separatist cause. WAR HAS BEEN DECLARED ON SEPARATISTS in which we read ev-leryday in the enemy papers. Expect no knock search & seizures, increased surveillance, "Weaver" type raids and stiffer "hate" crime laws, etc... within the next few years, more less, DAYS. This is why I can only support, and endorse such logical methods of strategy like camouflage (blending in with society)
The Crossed Hammers is a symbolization of the working (wo)man. A symbol of the White Working Class. It is also the symbol of power & strength !THE HAMMERSKIN NATION IS A WHITE WORKING CLASS MOVEMENT supporting ANY measure of race separatism that is WORKING towards our best interest-the racial welfare of our people. The power of the Hammer can be felt through camouflage, business suits, checkered aprons and [work boots. A force that is content to crush the Capitalist, Corporate dictatorship that we now live under by replacing a false monopolistic veneer of racism with revolutionized TRUE WORKING CLASS racism.
Our associates should involve themselves with Working Class ethics, and/ or go to school, leam trades, and yes, even go to college. If you can overlook the smoke & mirrors of all the Liberal fed crap and blend in with society, move Ihigher up in the work force, and bring back jobs for the White race...you'd be [just as dangerous to the Iron Heel than any "McVeigh" style tactician! We are getting deeper into the war, and if we don't take evasive action, we're gonna ! drown in our own ignorance. The generations before us have let us down. It is I because of them that we are in so deep. No more blight-wing tactics!
Whether it is pen or sword, if the “ 14 Words” is something you truly endure, then take it straight from the heart and into action. Do we want our children, the I next generation, to frown on us for their enthrallment and our failure to act? Let our enemies know that when a “WACO” strikes at us, an “OKC” will strike back at them! The lines are drawn. You know the rules.
44
We will fight against them with a hammer and a gun. And when our people start to rise, the traitors time will come” - Ian Stuart
{Robert Matthews............j	;
Squadron....................
Excessive Force...........  j
I Southern Cross...........12
Terrorism Threats.........t7!
WhiteWash.................19]
u
A
Aryan Unity March.......
I Rocking At The Hate Shack
j Hammerskin Music.......
| Defining Aryan..........
IBeer Reviews.............
| Texas Gig Report........
...7
..8 j 10) 15|
15	j
16
HAMMERSKIN PRESS IS THE ONLY AUTHORITATIVE MEANS OF PUBLICATION REGARDING THE HAMMERSKIN NATION
*Beyond the Nation segments mainly consist of bands, reviews, news, etc... that do not necessarily reflect that of the Hammerskin Nation, but serve the interests of our readers.
Contact us via E-Mail: chs@ipa.net or the below address for advertisement or subscription rates. We welcome AD and zine trades. Free AD space is jranted to all accredited Hammerskins and Hammerskin publications.
P0 BOX 24084 - LITTLE ROCK, AR 72221
nAlMB
ROBERT JAY MATHEWS Last Testament
TO THE EDITOR:
For the past decade I have been a resident of Northern Pend Oreille County. When I first arrived in Metaline Falls, I had only twenty-five dollars to my name, a desire to work hard and be left alone, and the dream of someday acquiring my own small farm.
During my three years at the mine and seven years at the cement plant, I can safely say that I was known as a hard worker. I stayed out of the bars and pretty much kept to myself. Anyone who is familiar with Boundary Dam Road knows how my late father and I carved a beautiful place out of the woods. All of the goals I had when I arrived were accomplished but one ... I was not left alone.
Within months of my arrival the FBI went to the mine office and tried to have me fired from my job. I was working in the electrical department at the time and my foreman, fortunately, had a deep and lasting dislike for the Feds. He
take no more, to leave me alone, or I would respond in such a way that could be very painful to certain agents,*
After the letter they gradually started to let me be.
I soon settled down to marriage, clearing my land, and reading. Reading became an obsession with me. I consumed volume upon volume on subjects dealing with history, politics and economics. I was especially taken with Spen-gler’s "Decline if the West" and "Which Way Western Man?*. 1 also subscribed to numerous periodicals on current American problems, especially those concerned with the ever increasing decline of White America.
My knowledge of ancient European history started to awaken a wrongfully suppressed emotion buried deep within my soul, that of racial pride and consciousness.
The stronger my love for my people grew, the deeper became my hatred for those who
William J. Fulbright and the late General Brown tried to warn us about. Henry Ford and Charles Lindberg tried vainly to warn us also. Had we been more vigilant, my son's fixture would not be so dark and dismal.
Thus I have no choice. I must stand up like a White man and do battle.
A secret war has been developing for the last year between the regime in Washington and an ever growing number of White people who are determined to regain what our forefathers discovered, explored, conquered, settled, built and died for.
The FBI has been able to keep this war secret only because up until now we have been doing nothing more than growing and preparing. The government, however, seems determined to force the issue, so we have no choice left but to stand and fight back. Hail Victory!
It is at this point that I wish to address the multitude of lies that the federals have been
telling about {Gary Lee Yarbrough aQd my-fr :~:i self
Gary
niH nnl

secretary Had it been the
rrajrtF Silva	Richard	Scutari/jtob Mathews
I	Randy	Evans	Druce	Fierce	-
mine manager
instead of the secretary that the Government goons talked to, I would have lost my job.
This campaign of harassment and intimidation began because of my involvement in the Tax Rebellion Movement from the time I was fifteen to twenty years old. The Government was on me so much in Arizona that during one incident when I was eighteen, IRS agents shot at me for nothing more than a misdemeanor tax violation.
I left Arizona and the Tax Rebellion when I was twenty. I left not out of fear of the IRS or because of submission to their tyranny, but because I was thoroughly disgusted with the American people. I maintained then as I do now, that our people have devolved into some of the most cowardly, sheepish, degenerates that have ever littered the face of this planet.
I had hoped to start a new life in the state of Washington, but the ruling powers had other plans for me. When I learned of their highly illegal attempt to have me fired, I wrote s letter to their Seattle office and told them "I would

UK
would destroy my race, my heritage, and darken Gary, following him everywhere, eve
the future of my children.
By the time my son had arrived, I realized that White America, indeed my entire race, was headed for oblivion unless White men rose and turned the tide. The more I came to love my son the more I realized that unless things changed radically, by the lime he was my age, he would be a stranger in his own land, a blonde-haired, blue-eyed Aryan in a country populated mainly by Mexicans, Mulattos, Blacks and Asians. His future was growing darker by the day.
I came to learn that this was not by accident, that there is a small, cohesive alien group within this nation working day and night to make this happen. I learned that these culture distorters have an iron grip on both major political parties, on Congress, on the media, on the publishing houses, and on most of the major Christiun denominations in this nation, even though these aliens subscribe to u religion which is diametrically opposed to Christianity.
These are the sumo people who Ex-Senutor
hospital to visit his gravely ill daughter.The day of the mythical ambush Gary was out in his yard when he saw a forest service truck driving across his property in obvious disregard to the numerous no trespassing signs scattered about his land. He yelled at the truck to stop but it kept coming towards his house until it crashed into and destroyed a gate. At this point Gary fired warning shots into the air and the truck drove away. That... was the big ambush.
The newspapers are saying now that Gary not only ambushed three agents but that he hit three of them. Gary did not even realize that they were FBI at the time, which is fortunate for them because Gury is an expert marksman and hud he decided to ambush the FBI he easily could have killed every fed within range of his weapon.
It was until 8:00 p.m. that night that Gary realized what was actually taking place That is when approximately thirty agents drove up to Gary's house. Gary and u young house guest
iftf • 1 '
went outside to investigate the commotion. When the Feds started yelling at Gary he dropped to the ground and rolled into a ditch behind the line of government vehicles. The young bouse guest went running back into Gary's residence. After waiting for three hours the FBI used Gary's wife as a shield and a hostage and went into the house. What brave men they are.
As incredulous as it sounds Gary laid in the ditch behind the agents for five hours with his gun aimed at their backs. Had Gary really wanted to ambush these invaders then that was a wonderful opportunity to do so. Gary chose instead to give them quarter, something he would later come to regret Gary eventually slipped out of the ditch and into the woods.
The incompetence of these gun toting bureaucrats never ceases to amaze me. Especially after their attempted ambush and murder of myself in a Portland motel. First let me say that the FBI was not there to arrest Gary but to ambush me. They didn't even know that Gary was in the room. The only reason they were able to find me was because a trusted friend in Room 14 was actually a traitor and an informant. The FBI has vast resources and the latest technology but the quality of their agents is going down hill with every new recruit. That's because most of the best White men in this country are starting to realize that to be an FBI agent is to be nothing more than a mercenary for the ADL and Tel Aviv.
When I stepped out of my motel room that morning, a gang of armed men came running at me. None of the men had uniforms on and the only thing they said was "Stop, you bastard*. At this, I yelled at Gary who was still inside and I
leaped down the stairwell and took ofT running into the parking lot. A woman agent shot at my back and the bullet missed and hit the motel manager. I rounded the comer of the motel and took off down the hill into a residential urea. After running for two blocks I decided to quit being the hunted and become the hunter. I drew my gun and waited behind a concrete wall for the agents to draw near. When I aimed my gun at the closest agent I saw the handsome lace of a young White man and lowered my aim to his knee and his foot Had I not done so I could have killed both agents and still had the use of my hand which is now mangled beyond repair and which I might very well lose altogether. That is the last lime I will ever give quarter.
As for the traitor in Room 14, we will eventually find him. If it takes ten years and we have to travel to the far ends of the earth we will find him. And true to our oath when we do find him, we will remove his head from his body.
I have no regrets or apologies to make for Gary or myself. In fact, I am proud that we had the courage and the determination to stand up and fight for our race and our heritage at a time in history when such a deed is called a crime and not an act of valor.
Approximately nine moths ago the FBI went to my house while I was away and threatened my two year old son. That was a very big mistake on their part After the Portland shootout they went to my house and threatened my sixty-three year old mother. Such brave men they are.
I am not going into hiding, rather I will press the FBI and let them know what it is like to become the hunted. Doing so it is only logical to assume that my days on this planet are
rapidly drawing to a close. Even so, I have no fear. For the reality of my life is death, and the worst the enemy can do to me is shorten my tour of duty in this world. I will leave knowing that I have made the ultimate sacrifice to ensure the future of my children.
As always, for blood, soil, honor, for faith and for race.
Robert Jay Matthews
For more info on The Order.
14 WORD PRESS
HC01 BOX 268K
ST. MARIES, IDAHO 83861 USA
Web Page: www. 14words.com
PO Box 33-01844 Neustadt - Germany
Available Now from WAU!
peeping ttje fgitfj
Only S2 US sample copy Stamps accepted...cash preferred
All donations raised go back to our POWs & PPs and also to WAlPs POW projects!
PO Box 47073 62 Edmonton Ctr Edmonton, AB T5J4N1 Canada
Written by Aryan
w
Prisoners
Compiled
I
Distributed by WAU!
The original “Hammer Skins” shirt designed by the staff at HP can now be purchased for $15 U.S. and $25 World. Specify either navy blue or forest green shirt. XL or LG
1	ffl	TV	n \	rm \	A	IT
i/UJ	11U	If.	uu\			j.
m	i1	t	Y	1	w
					
	« i	j	A	Li	Lh
Allow 6 weeks for delivery (SORRY, Hammer Skins ONLY!)
* 2 * fiO
Hammerskin featured interview with Brad from:
DEATH TO ZIONS PUPPETS, AND THE PULLERS OF THEIR STRINGS. WE BRING CLOSE THEIR DESTRUCTION, WITH EVERY WORD WE SING!
HP: IVhat is the history of Squadron and it's current lineup?
Squadron formed in 1985. We have had 4 singers, 2 guitarists, 2 bass players and 5 drummers. So it hasn't been an easy 12 years. The current line up is: Jim - guitar and vocals; Brad -bass and vocals; Lemray - drums and hair. We have released 4 full length C.Ds, 2 7" singles and been on various compilations
HP: How do you feel about so called ”revolutionists" that claim that music isn't part of the Cause?
That is complete garbage. Obviously I to achieve our goals we need to do more than just listen to music, but the fact is that all movements since the dawn of time have had music to in* spire them. Our music can educate and motivate people to do something positive for the struggle. Anybody that can't see that or dismisses Skrew driver or any other WP band as 'popstars' or 'in it for the money' has no understanding of the commitment and dedication ■ it takes to stand up and present yourself as a target for the media, the state and the Feds, for no other purpose than the education of the folk and to make a stand for what we believe in. If people can't see that then they are either Agent Provocateurs within our scene out to cause disruption, or they are talentless wannabe's who try to bring everybody else down to their pathetic level. On a positive note at least 95% of the people we've met have encouraged us and supported us through the years.
HP: C.H.SJTexas has brought Squadron twice to the states... Whatis the relationship with the two?
We first became aware of the Hammerskins and the CHS back in '89/'90, during the conspiracy trials that they were facing. It was the Midtown Bootboys that we heard about first. It wasn't until '94 that we met a couple of guys from Dallas whilst we were in Sweden, they came and saw us play in Stockholm and they set about organizing a show for us in Dallas in'95. Dur-
ing that show and the days that we spent in Dal-
------------------------------------las, we got to know a lot
of the CHS, and we have the utmost respect for all of them.
HP: What differences do you notice between shows in Europe and America?
Basically the shows are very similar. The only problem that the States has is that everyone is so far spread, some people can drive for 3 or 4 days to get to a show, anybody that does that deserves a bloody medal! The shows are better attended in
m
Europe because our countries are smaller - it's that simple.
HP: Out of all the Squadron gigs that have been played over the years, which one stands out the most?
I still consider the Main Event 1989 to be the best show we've played at. The line up was Skrewdriver, Brutal Attack, No Remorse, Skullhead and Squadron Over 800 people made it to the show, with about 800 being stopped in London. The atmosphere was incredible, people were passing out with the heat and we drunk the pub dry!
HP: What do you think of While Power musicians who sell-out their race for profit and popularity?
There haven't actually been that many, most bands break up due to personal reasons or whatever, WP bands fight for their Race not for profit, ask anyone in the scene if there is any money in being in a WP
band....the answer is No. There
is nothing wrong with breaking into the mainstream and trying to spread the word further, but not just to make money. The people I can't stand are the people that deny their past actions and claim that they were never even in a WP band or that they were never even skinheads, when everybody knows they were.
HP: From past Squadron recordings, a different singer is noticed... When and why the changes?
When we finished recording "Combat, Battle and Bum" in Jan '93 both Len (our singer) and Ncv (our drummer) left. Jim
15f * 3 • $ fo
took on the vocals and Lemmy came in on drums. Basically Len never wrote any of the songs and he was not interested in pursuing the musical path we were taking.
HP: I noticed in die Decade of Defiance recording, the songs were recorded in a more updated style. How has this been received?
Due to the fact that our first 2 C.Ds were on Rock-0-Rama who ripped us off, and then "Combat, Battle and Bum" was done on iSD who stabbed us in the back. We decided it was time to celebrate our 10th year by re-recording all of our favorite songs with our current line up. Some people have said that they prefer some of the original versions, but most people have just said that it is a great C.D, it's definitely the best thing we've done and it's the only C.D we endorse.
HP: Are the Europeans attracted to the more metalish style music that many White Power bands are producing?
It's all a matter of taste really. Most skinheads listen to everything from the 4-Skins to Deicide, some skins only listen to Oi! and some skins hate ballads. You can't please everyone, so we just play what we feel suits the song. Most Europeans enjoy the new metal stuff from BFG, Be-serkr, Odins Law etc but it really is down to personal taste.
HP: Could you tell us a bit about Bulldog Breed, and how it came about?
Whilst Jonesy from English Rose was in prison in '94 he was writing allot of songs, we were in regular contact and he suggested that we could do some kind of an album on his release. I told him I had always liked the name Bulldog Breed as a band name, and that Made in England was a great title for an album and that we already had a cover for it So upon his release we got together and recorded the 1st Bulldog Breed C.D. The main idea was to use some of the profits to aid P.O.Ws.
We also wanted to do a totally Oi! sounding C.D as most of the bands were playing Metal. Because we enjoyed Bulldog Breed so much we recorded the second C.D - Unleashed Again in November '96 (perhaps you could review it Shane - cheers) We do plan to do a third Bulldog Breed C.D at the end of'98. For the moment we are recording 2 Bulldog Breed tracks for the Voice of Britain Compilation
HP: What do you think of in-fighting that frequents many shows, and what must we do to resolve this?
Unfortunately at a show where everyone is drinking large amounts and dancing aggressively, the odd fight will always break out, whatever the music scene, but then it is down to how the fight is handled after that. People coming to shows to settle old scores is not something that does our cause any good. Most fights spread due to people jumping in and trying to break up the fight, but they end up getting dragged into the fight. We've
tried all sorts of different security measures but it is down to common sense. You should have a clearly recognizable security team that will sort out any disagreements quickly.
HP: I've read a few zines from Europe that seem to spend more time in their publication slandering predominant figures of While Power music rather than promoting more productive issues. What's your opinion on this?
Unfortunately a select few people seem incapable of comprehending the NS ideals of Honesty and Truth, and they prefer to just make up lies and slander decent folk in attempt to make themselves look better. This has only happened in the last few years, since Harold Covington formed his Combat 18 group. The people that became the street leaders of C18 in Europe all have an incredible ability to spout nothing but bullshit about everyone and everything within the struggle. When we are faced with enemies all around us, we now have enemies within stabbing our backs at every turn, the question that has arisen is why
would people want to spend all of their time spreading rumors and talking bullshit? Which takes us back to question 2 and the pathetic wannabe scenario where they try to bring everyone down to their level. Genuine people judge a man by his deeds and not by the words of others, and will always strive to find the truth out for themselves instead of listening to rumours.
HP: Whatfuture projects can we look forward to from the guys of Squadron?
In January '98 we are recording a ballad/rock album for Destiny Records in Germany. The songs will be along the lines of "Fields of Destruction". Some of the titles are 'Erosion', 'From Beyond', 'Betrayed', 'Suppression of Faith' and 'Viking Princess' (by David Lane). We don’t have a title for the album yet. We are also recording 2 songs for the 'Voice Of Britain’ benefit C.D. Then we will record our heaviest album to date, "Age of Conspiracy" which will be released on Nordland Records and will include tracks called ’Hunter', 'Infect the Infected', 'Wormhead' and 'Age of Conspiracy', the album will also have 2 ballads on it including 'The Ballad of John Amery' After that we will work on the 3rd Bulldog Breed album. As for gigs keep your ear to the ground.
HP: How is the European Hammer Skin chapter going in your region ?
There are 25 members of the British Hammer Skins and we are a tight-knit organization. Alongside the Italian, German. Dutch and Swiss chapters, we number at least 350 members within the European Hammer Skin Nation. We hold regular meetings with all our European brothers and ore in good contact with all of the chapters.
HP: To those readers here in the states who don't understand the Marxist IRA's views, could you please explain?
' 4' f io
The entire N.Ireland situation is more complicated than 2 sides and religion. The Sinn Fein political wing of the IRA split internally in the early '60s with one half of the faction voting to become a Marxist led movement choosing violence and terrorism as opposed to negotiation - and expelled it's less militant side who didn't agree. The proof is there, when leading members of the IRA have been arrested, they have been found to be members of Red Action and the Anti Nazi League as well. The IRA and it's "joke political wing" are reds - self voted.
HP: What examples should Hammerskins portray to younger kids just starting out?
Although most skinheads are against drugs and have good, sound ideals, ALL Hammer Skins are against drugs, and they will be kicked out of their chapter for bringing their brothers into disrepute through their actions. Being a Hammer Skin is being part of a Chapter bound by Honour, Loyalty and Brother-] hood. Not everyone can become a Hammer Skin. It takes commitment, discipline and sacrifice.
Some may see the Hammer Skins as an unnecessary division in the struggle, but the SS and the SA were fighting the same battle, but to belong to the SS was a great honour. I would like to see people classing becoming a Hammer Skin as something to strive towards. I believe that the Hammer Skins have contributed enormously to the scene. Ifyoujustlookatthe Hammer Skin bands you will find BFG, Midtown Bootboys,
Fortress, Nordic Thunder, Max Resist, Corona Ferrea, Excalibur,
Vlajka. Odin's Law and the Bully Boys alongside countless others.
That is quite a contribution to the skinhead way of life. The Hammer Skins stand for quality not quantity, every Hammer Skin I have ever met displays a willingness to toil, to accept their responsibilities, has a sense of loyalty, pride and honour and a desire to see this battle through to the end. Do good and others will follow.
HP: What was the publics reaction to Ian Stuarts death in Britain? Ian's death was reported in every newspaper and on every radio and television channel and the public were certainly aware of his death. The right wing was dismayed. The left wing gloated.
The general public took notice, if you met people in all areas they would tell you how sorry they were to hear about Ian's death. The Media weren’t that derogatory, one paper actually visited the crash site and photographed the tree of life and all the flowers. Ian touched all of our lives to a greater or lesser extent and he left his mark on this earth and his memory will live on forever. The fact that Ian's death was mentioned in every media channel just goes to show what a wide-spread impact he and his music had around the world.
HP: How was the recent show with Whitewash, Pure Rampage, and Aryan that y'allplayed with in Texas, USA?
It was excellent. Whitewash played a brilliant set, especially Spit by White Pride and Crucified by Iron Cross. The whole show was really professional, the sound and the crowd was great Pure Rampage were unlucky on the day as they didn't have all their band present, Warren was his usual effusive self and played a couple of great songs, and as always Aryan were as powerful as ever. I'm not going to comment on how we played as that would be pointless, only those in the crowd can comment on that Basically we had a brilliant night, catching up with old and new friends and proving that the flame still bums.
HP: What are some of your favorite recordings at the moment?
There are so many good C.Ds coming out that we can hardly keep up, but here's a couple:-
a)	Ravens Wing - Through the Looking Glass. This is a fuckin' masterpiece from Scott, Nigel and Co. This doesn't fall within any of the established labels like Oil, Metal or Hardcore, for the broadminded folk/rock fan this is a classic.
b)	Vlajka - Afade in Prague - Yes this is a Slovakian Hammer Skin band but they don't follow any preconceptions. This band can seriously rock. Somewhere between Iron Maiden meets Fortress, this is a classic album from start to finish. (Available from P.0 Box 101,54102 Trutnov, 4, Czech Republic)
c)	Max Resist - Second Skin -Excellent follow up to Renegade Youth - Good, solid White Power rock n roll.
d)	Odin's Law - Battle Legions of\ this C.D assaults your ears from
track 1, songs of vengeance, loyalty and war - a great C.D. c) Triskelon - Endast Morleer (Only Darkness) - Swedens answer to Slayer, crunchy, mesmerizing, brilliant
HP: How do you feel about American Skinheads fascination with the “Spirit of ‘69 ” and Ska music?
"The Spirit of’69" was as much a myth as it was in 79 when the commercial side re-invented it again with different bands such as Madness and The Specials etc. Skinhead was always a White, working class scene - a violent statement against the mods who took drugs and grew their hair long at the end of the '60s to become hippies. The commercial scene purposely took black faces and anti racist lyrics to try and quell the growing White rebellion. Ska and 2 tone are black mans' music made commercially accessible. It has nothing to do with promoting the ideals of While Power. The spirit of'69 myth has nothing at all to do with the skinheads of the '90s. The mere idea of a WP Ska band is absolutely ludicrous!
,7
Wotan - Pure power metal.
i&f ' 5 ' f
HP: What do you think of the American IVP music scene?
The American scene has produced some classic bands like MTBB, BFG, Centurion, Max Resist, Aggravated Assault, Bc-serkr, Nordic Thunder, Arresting Officers, Day of The Sword, Bully Boys, Stronghold etc etc..There seems to be some confusion in some of the states as to what a White Power skinhead is, but the Hammer Sldn Nation is full of solid, decent, honest white folk. It must be very hard being a skinhead in the states with all the Nigga gangs, Mexican gangs and assorted scum carrying their weapons and attitudes. But I guess that is the same in London, Berlin, Gothembcrg, Glasgow, Cardiff or wherever. The scene seems to have problems with in-fighting but so do all scenes, when the time comes, people will stand together or they will face annihilation, that is the Law of Nature. All of the people that we've met are genuine and dedicated, the Feds will always be there stirring up whatever they can, but the strong will survive. As I mentioned before the main problem is the sheer size of the States, people tend to miss out on news and gigs, and travelling 1000’s of miles for a gig is not really practical
HP: In what positive or negative ways do you think religion affects the movement?
Religion shouldn't cause any problems at all. We know Christian Identity, Creators, Atheists and Odinists who all get on fine. Our Race is our religion. What I choose to believe or disbelieve is my own choice, I live by the laws of Nature and the standards I set myself. I won't preach to you unless you ask my opinion, other than that it's my own opinion and no one else's.
HP: Closing comments...
We would like to say cheers and Hail to the following:- Liz and Sean, Scott and Jenny, Jori, Shawnie, Tiffany, Jesse, Kenny, Brent and Warren, Forrest and Nicole, Jeremy and Darlene,
Davcy, Zane and Amy, Chantelle, Ed, Joel and Nicole, Rich and Ines, Shaun and Pat, all the Dallas CHS, all the NHS, EHS, ACS, Rip, Tony, MTBB/Beserkr, Tom and Amy, Griffin and Aryan, White Wash, Pure Rampage, all the Hammer Skin Nation and to everyone who came to the show.
HAIL VICTORY BROTHERS AND SISTERS!
Check out Squadron on the World Wide Web at: http://207.230.34.4/squadron/
mm wol
ISSUE #3 Out Now Withifi
White Wolf, Swastika, Freiko-rps. Pure Rampage, Ian Stuart Tribute, Aryan Athletics, Drac-ula, Third Era vs: Spirit Of 69^ News Uncensored by Jews and §||jg H ■ lots more. . . $4
Over 70 pages o fMornr
fffi mm HATCH!
I
/
/
/
t
/
$
/
/
/
/
/
/
SPO Box 149 - Wright City, MO 63390/
SMASH THE REDS!
M * 6 * f fo •
From: Richard G. Butler, Aryan Nations To: All Racial Kinfolk Date: Saturday, April 18,1998 Coeur d'Alene, Idaho
Dear Aryan Kindred:
Pastor Butler is sponsoring what Aryan Nations believes will be the most monumental witness to the world for Aryan Unity! The time has come for this show of Intent and Purpose of Duty to our Almighty Father as well as our Kinfolk.
In a 98% White community cursed with the most anti-White news media on earth. Let the White Kindred who are intimidated and cowed by the Marxist TV and Press, the "Human Rights Task Force," so-called "Civil Rights" etceteras. Let them Know that there are Noble Aryans that will exercise their right to self-determination.
Kinfolk are invited from the four corners of the earth, from every Aryan Nation, from every Aryan organization, men women and children, to participate At Each Other's Side in this Special Event certain to rock the Marxist media and its powers-that-be off their heels. They will not be able to evade and bury this event in obscurity, nor can they poison the Truth of the message WE are sending to the world.
The Church of Jesus Christ Christian grounds comprise some twenty wooded acres of towering Tamaracks, Fir and Pine trees. Pastor Butler openly welcomes You and offers these twenty acres and The Aryan Church facilities to all participants and their families.
There is room on a first come basis for several tenters, camper trucks, and small travel trailers. There is also a large bunkhouse, complete shower and restroom facilities, and two full kitchens historically capably of serving over 500 people. Also, the beautiful Hayden Lake / Coeur d'Alene area is plentiful with close-by private campgrounds and hotel or motel accommodations.
Please contact CJCC-AN for further details and to Reserve Your special place in this monumental, Pan-Aryan Event. Financial sponsors are welcomed. Your contribution can remain anonymous if you like.
Aryan Nations 100 Flag Parade
PO Box 362
Hayden Lake, ID 83835
Tel: 1.208.772.2408 Fax: 1.208.762.2379
Jfof / 7 ' f Id
The Hate Shack Rocks Again * Aryan and Hatemonger, October 18,1997 *
Once again "The Hate Shack" just outside of London, Ontario, Canada was the site of the third in a string of well organized white power shows. The weather was below freezing but it didn't seem to deter fans who had come from as far away as the United States and Germany. A huge bonfire was built to keep the crowd warm and a large pig was
roasted on the spit. There's not many better ways to spend an evening then with white comrades from around the world, enjoying good food and great music.
Hatemonger, formally known as "The People Haters" from Detroit, Michigan were first to take to the stage. With Sean, lead guitarist from Max Resist filling in on bass and supplying the "Bushmills" whiskey, they played many People Hater classics like "Jew Boy", "Go Back To Africa" and "White Nigger". Also included in their set was some great new stuff off there soon to be released self titled CD. A few of the new songs that come to mind are "Hatemonger", "Shoulder to Shoulder", "Chemical Death", "Drink of Choice" and a great parody of the 80's tune by Devo, "Whip It". With a slightly harder edge sound and Mark's strong vocal presence; they sound better then ever. Be sure to look for there debut CD early in the new year through
I.S.D Records out of England.
Headliners and local favorites Aryan or as they are now known "Stonehammer" were up next. They played a lengthy set consisting of many songs from their first and second CD's as well as some soon to be released gems. Of the new songs, most memorable to me would have to be "Aryan Band", "Day Of The Damned" and "I Hate You". They really heated things up, finishing off the show by playing their ever popular hit "You Gotta Go" which drove the crowd wild. For anyone who has seen these guys play live you can appreciate the energy they put out. Keep your eyes open for their new songs which should be available on various upcoming compilations in the near future.
All in all the show went off without a hitch. Unfortunately the turnout wasn't as large as had been hoped for, but for the ones that made it they were not disappointed. It makes one wonder what's in peoples minds when certain local Racialists can't even make it out to support a show yet people are willing to come from as far
away as another country. It's time people start to do more then just talk. Get out and make an effort, support the white power movement and get active!
Glen - Battlefront.
iof / 8 / f to
HP: What is the current line-up of the band, and when did it form?
Mike: The current line up of Excessive Force is Mike (vocals), Colin (guitar), Vince (bass), Adam (drums), Greg (lead guitar).
HP: Has the band played at any events? If so, what has been the response?
Mike: We have played mainly local events in Toronto like Martyrs Day, and Ian Stuart memorial. The response has been very positive.
HP: What influences the band musically? Mike: Musically I can't say one band inparticular, our style of playing is more a combination of many styles. Most of the members in the band grew up listening to punk, oi, hardcore, metal, thrash etc. These styles are reflected in our music.
HP: How would you summarize your views about the movement and it's ideas?
Mike: My views about the movement are simple. Ive been involved 10 years now, and have tried to live my life accordingly. Ive been involved in different organizations and have to do the best I can. I seen allot of negative things but even more positive. I'm encouraged to see more and more people getting involved in our struggle.
HP: How many gigs have y'all played, and which one was your favorite?
Mike: We have played allot of shows in Toronto and surrounding areas like Detroit etc. Our favorite show was in London,
Canada. We played with Squadron, RA-HOWA and Aryan. The show was the follow-ing weekend after the New Years Cleveland show, and was by far the most memorable. It was the first big show we played with our new band members, and probably the best.
HP: How do you feel about bands breaking away from the traditional Oi style, and taking on different forms of musical expression? Mike: I think it is a step in the right direction. The mainstream music scene has many different styles of music which cater to the masses. We to should have the same luxury that our people can enjoy different styles of White music, which is also u great recruiting tool.
HP: How does Canadian laws effect the White Power movement in Canada?
Mike: Our hate laws are horrible and restrict us from saying allot of tilings, which in the
US is protected under your Constitution. The question is, for how much longer?
HP: Do you see the enemy cracking down on Americans the sameway they are doing in Canada?
Mike: Yes, 1 do. For those of you have been to Canada or know something about us, we are an experiment for the rest of the World to model themselves after.Yes, we do have lower crime rates. But we are restricted from some
freedoms which you have. And this melting pot which we call Canada, with it's Liberal/ Marxist politicians. I know the U.S. has the same problem, and worse. I think it will be only a matter of time before the plague reaches you. We neighbors, and "dont all good neighbors share?” hahaha
HP: How is the scene in vour area?
Mike: The scene in our area is actually pretty good. We have in total about 150-200 Skinheads in Toronto. We have allot of young kids entering our ranks everyday, which definitely shows promise for the future.
HP: Do you guys have a recording out? Mike: Yes, we just released our second tape called Stand Up with 5 songs, und is now on sale.
HP: Are any of the hand members affiliated
with any groups?
Mike: Yes, some of us were involved in different organizations, but because of all the problems within the movement, with different groups fighting one another, we have concentrated on the band, and fighting for our race regardless what group you belong to.
HP: How do you feel about divisions and fighting within the movement?
Mike: In-fighting is something which is not going to be stopped over night As shitty as that may sound, I think we need to look at the real problem, not just the obvious like there's "to many Chiefs, and not enough Indians.” It's much deeper then that We are taking White people from different classes, environments and cultures and forcing them to get along. It doesn't always work as easy on paper, as in reality. Remember our ancestors thousands of years ago were in constant strife with one another. Only when things got so bad, did the different tribes come together to fight the enemy. Combine that with all the rumors and gossip, and you have one hell of a deadly mix.
HP: Besides our Nigger problem, we have a tremendous flow of non-White Mestizos moving into the Southern regions. What similarities do you allface?
Mike: We are starting to have a major problem with Gypsies from Eastern Europe. It seems they saw a program on TV over there that Canada is full of loving people who accept everyone. Well, it doesn't look that way, now does it? We also have a large problem with Niggers and Pafcies, which seem to be everywhere. Unlike the U.S., our suburbs are just filled with filth like the city.
HP: What's the typical Saturday night in your area?
Mike: A typical Saturday night for us is with our crew. We go to pubs or we go into Toronto and hook up with the boys down there and go to pubs or have small shows for about 40-50 of us.
HP: Closing comments?
Mike: I want to thank you guys for the interview. Anyone who would like to write for t-shiris or tapes, the tapes are $7.00 and t-shirts $12.00
Excessive Force 7700 Hurontario St #105-A-228 Brampton, Ont L6Y-4M3 Canada
ibf ' 9 f f S)
BULLDOG BREED "Unleashed Again"... (Rampage) ... The long awaited follow up to the classic "Made In
England". This Squadron /English Rose spin-off band again pulls off a solid skinhead album, this time including covers of Indecent Exposure and Vicious Rumours songs! The music sounds a bit heavier than the first album, but that's probably a result of the production. The song H.F.F.H. (Hammerskins Forever Forever Hammerskins) is great, tho far from standard Oi, and in some parts is downright heavy. Lyrically, it's in the classic old-school Nationalist Skinhead tradition perfected by the English in the '80s. And songs like Drunk & Disorderly add some lightheartedness to a scene that can at times get a bit too serious. The only gripe I have with this album are the damn guitar solos, which occur in almost every song! We all know Jim is a great guitarist, so he should stop proving himself and save that stuff for Squadron where it belongs. Leave it off the Oi albums.
12 songs also including Stand Up - Fight Back, A Way Of Life, Pedophile, My Motherland and more.
ODIN’S LAW "Battle Legions Of Wotan"... (Viking Sounds)... Everyone and their auntie has been waiting for Odin's Law to finally release something, and if you're
a fan of their thrashy style of music you won't be disappointed. With crushing double bass drums and crunching guitar work this stuff makes Pantera sound tame by comparison, and has even gotten good reviews from mainstream metal mags. The best is the speedy NHS Hail Victory, a minute and a half of righteous Hammerskin fury. Lyrically the album is the Odinist answer to Day Of The Sword's "Ear To Ear", with more than half of the songs alluding to the denizens of Asgard and relating it to the
racialist cause. Unlike so many other non-Christian bands who promote idiotic ideas like a Christian Holocaust, Odin's Law celebrate their religion without alienating any of their kinsmen who may not share their beliefs. And of course what would an Odinist band be without violent revolutionary lyrics? Every track has the element of war and death, and while White Revolution and Forward Into War may not have the most original titles, you just know that these guys have no objection to following through with their lyrics. I'm not the biggest fan of metal but this album has barely left the CD player since I got it. 14 head-bangin' tunes with Ragnarok, Eric Banks Lives On, We Will Play On and New Dawn Horizon.
MAX RESIST & THE HOOLIGANS "Second Skin" ... (Nordland)... Sophomore album from the world's most underrated Oi band. The production sounds a bit different from "RenegadeYouth", the guitars have less of
a heavy metal sound, which brings out Max Resist's true Oi potential. Excellent sing along numbers with RAC lyrics that don't need to be ultra violent like many other American bands to get the message across. Amazing bass lines and unique vocals make you crave more and more from Max Resist. A notable highlight of the album is the song Geile Macker (Keine Kacker), wherein German legends Freikorps make an appearance. Also included is their cover of Built Up, Knocked Down from the "Project Tribute" CD, an excellent version of a Skrewdriver classic (tho I still would've preferred Boots &Braces). Even the world's Hammerskin population gets their best anthem yet in the song, titled appropriately enough. Hammer Skin. Great stuff all around. 10 songs including Anger and Hatred, Living In America, Staring At Me and White Power Rock 'n' Roll.
BATTLE AXE "Self Defense"... (Warlord)... This was recorded a while back and finally released onto CD. The album is an unfortunate victim of horrible production, it
Shi 110 * $£>
sounds only slightly better than a demo put to CD. That doesn't mean the songs are bad, in fact, Battle
Axe has written some solid hardcore tunes with good musicianship and lyrics. The opening track, Hammerskin Strong, is the best song on the album and has some nifty drum beats, and of course Hammers will love the lyrics. The album is filled with hard hitting Racial lyrics addressing topics like the IRS, skinheadism, and White preservation. Damn Fags is a great track that humorously tackles the queer problem (I thought it was funny at least). The slowest song on the album. Voice Of Thunder, is about the band's faith in Yahweh, and is a surprisingly powerful and passionate track. If you overlook the sub-par production this is a great album. 10 songs in all.
PURE RAMPAGE "s/t"... (Hammerskin) ... After an amazing song on the latest TSTcomp, this Arizona
Hammerskin band decided to release their first full-length. 11 tracks of new school hardcore music, ranging from slower mosh stuff to fast paced boot stompers. The vocals are a good change of pace from the usual gruff Ian wannabe style found in most WP bands, and songs like So Tall, Pure Unalduterated Oi! and True Vision really stand out because of it. There are still the standard tough guy shouting songs for the hardcore enthusiast, the most obvious one being the band's theme, Pure Rampage. One of the most memorable parts of the CD is the song choruses, all extremely well put together and catchy, which is surprising from a hardcore band. Listen to any song and 9 times outta 10 you'll have the chorus stuck in your head for the rest of the day. This is also the best looking self released CD I've ever seen. With a full lyric book, tons of pics, clear tray card, and great overall design you can tell they took the tie to make the CD a professional quality release. You'll be kicking yourself for months if you don't get this one. These guys also do some kick ass cover songs in their live set, some of which will hopefully see future a release.
jp.tj&lio.x o 14 53029
WE ARE THE FUTURE!
5? magazine produced by cProud Sfiryan clVo/7icni
3	IN	EVERY ISSUE:
-	Women of History
-	A Woman's Opinion j- First Aid Tips ■ great Aryan recipes |: "Hate Mail"
-	News & Views • Photo Section
^ A wr - great Mail Order
Plus interesting articles, informative interviews & much, much more!
raMMiMSfiwM
Sanpie copy: $4 L^'fan 55 Hfarti
MB/ltejUM
Sib 1)514 mes Mjrfifl
■	i.	■■■	■	■■	■■■	...
iof * 11 * ff)
HP: Please introduce yourself to our readers, and how you became involved with the movement.
GMc: My name is Gideon Mclean. I am a 30 year old Australian Skinhead, and I am the director of the Sydney Area Southern Cross Hammer Skins.
I have been a National Socialist for as long as I can remember. My father is NS and he influenced and encouraged me ever since I was a young lad He is 76 years old now and he still gives me advice and guidance. He is proud I have stayed true to my ideals and he is proud of HammerSkins.
I have been a Skinhead for about 16 years. In the early UOs there were hordes of Skinheads in Sydney and all around Australia. Although a lot of them didn't deserve to call themselves Skins. In those days many people who called themselves Skinheads were race traitors, communists, drug addicts, punks and basically scum. The Skinhead scene in Australia is smaller today but the folk involved are of better quality-
I joined HammerSkins only 2 years ago. Some of my mates had been involved for years and the more I learned from them about the HammerSkin Nation the more I believed it to be the only true 100% Skinhead organizations. Since the day I first started my probation I have devoted myself totally to the advancement of the HammerSkin Nation.
HP: How and when did the Australian Hammer Skin chapter form?
GMc: The first HammerSkin chapter in Australia was in Melbourne, Victoria. It was started by Scott McGuiness in 1991. Our chapter is in Sydney, New
South Wales. It was founded by a friend of mine named Matt in 1993. Matt was in the States for 6 months from October ‘92 until March '93. He did his
probation and earned his Hammers while in
the rest of the white racialist community in this vast country. One day soon when our numbers are strong and our support is overwhelming we shall lead our people into the streets of our cities and towns to raise our
the states and soon after be arrived home in voices and raise our hands against the Australia he asked for authority from Dal- tyrants and show ZOG that we will not be las to start a chapter here. Both the Mel- silenced and we will not go down without a bourne and Sydney chapters share the name fight Southern Cross.
HP: What are the goals that SCHS is striving for?
GMc: SCHS believe in tangible goals
HP: Does SCHS support the strategy of Leaderless Resistance?
GMc: Yes we do. Although in the day to day administration of SCHS our members
which can be achieved here and now for the do have specific duties and responsibilities
good of our race and nation. We set our sights on certain goals and when those goals are achieved we set our sights on the next goal. Firstly we want to unite the racialist community in our state and around our nation to make it a solid force to be reckoned with. We only allow the elite Skinheads of our state to wear the crossed hammers but the work we do is for the benefit of all racialists.
We are now working very closely with Blood & Honour Australia to stage events in our state. Events such as gigs, if staged properly, are great opportunities to unite and inspire the white racialist community, to strengthen our bonds of comradely and to
they perform, such as Secretary, Treasurer, Communication, ect., when it comes to acts of resistance and covert action we are strict that our members follow the strategies set down by L.R. Beam. If a member feels he must take action of some kind, he must do so by his own undertaking. He and whoever assists him are the only people to know what action is taken. As we say in Australia, he must do it "off his own bat". Acts of resistance are on a need to know basis and SCHS as an organization will not order, authorize or take part in any action which may jeopardize the entire chapter. If one of our brothers fall to ZOG, we will support him and his family to the bitter end, but we will not allow the bad planning, bad
bring new blood into the movement.
There are many good, proud white peo- judgement or bad luck of an individual to pie from all walks of life and all ages in our bring down the entire chapter.
country, SCHS strive to give them access to | the many truths denied to them by the ZOG I system. Through us many people who I would have normally never learned the I truths about history and the current plight of the while race have now opened their eyes to the reality of ZOGs fabricated history and slander against our great people. SCHS will continue to choose the best of the best from among our creed and to unite
Leaderless Resistance also safe-guards against treachery and infiltration. We have seen too many nationalist organizations in Australia be brought to their knees by enemies within their ranks or by well meaning misguided haste.
HP: What is the WP music scene like in Australia?
GMc: The WP music scene in Australia is
l&f' 121 m

not as big as it once was, although through the success of FORTRESS we have a higher profile throughout the White world. In the past we had many good bands such as OPEN SEASON, WHITE LIGHTING. LAGER ASSAULT, MAXIMUM SECURITY and of course PHOENIX RISING. I was the frontman for the band SOUTHERN CROSS for over 5 years. We had a good Skinhead following in Sydney and we made a demo tape that was never released but I am very proud of what we achieved as a band and of the loyalty we received from all the Sydney Skins. I hope that early in 19981 will be able to support FORTRESS with my new band BLOOD OATH at a gig we are planning to hold in Sydney.
Also there is another up and coming band named SOUTHERN HAMMER which features ex-Fortress guitarist Donovan who many of your readers may know from the CD 'In To Legend'. Donovan is also a HammerSkin and hopefully SOUTHERN HAMMER will be playing at the Sydney gig also.
At the moment the hopes of the WP music scene in Australia rest with FORTRES^SCH^ are working closely with FORTRESS and Blood&Honour Australia to revitalize the scene. In April 1996 Brutal Attack and Celtic Warrior came to Australia and I am sure your readers have heard the ’GARRISON1 CD which was the result of that tour. We are hoping to bring more bands out from America and Europe over the next year but the biggest problem we face is the tyranny of distance, we are along way from the rest of the White world.
Through the cooperation of SCHS and B&H Australia, and with the solid comer stone set by FORTRESS we are very optimistic about the future of Australian WP music. So keep an eye out for more Aussie bands.
HP: What measures should be taken to control internal disputes?
GMc: Disputes should be dealt with as quickly as possible. If the dispute is between members of the same HS chapter and the members involved can not reach a solution, then it is up to the chapter as a whole to settle the matter. The issue should be raised in front of all members and the individuals involved should be given the opportunity to voice their grievances. If they can still not settle the dispute then the chapter will make a decision on how the matter will be dealt with. This decision will be final.
If the dispute is between members of dilTerent HS chapters then first it must be determined
whether the problem exists only between individuals or between the actual chapters involved. Either way a meeting must take place between the chapters to try and reach a solution. If a solution can still not be decided upon and the dispute threatens the stability of the HammerSkin Nation it then becomes the business of every HammerSkin. All measures must be utilized to maintain stability within the HSN.
If the dispute is between a HS chapter or the HSN and another NS/WP organization then it must be determined if the other organization is worthy of our respect, if they pose any real threat or if it is even worth the time and energy dealing with them. If the other organization is not willing to compromise and poses a threat of any kind to the HSN, then the honour of the HSN must be upheld at all costs.
With internal disputes it is always better to reach a quick and peaceful compromise but sometimes words are not enough, sometimes the only way to get grip on a situation is a get-
HP: Have you ever boxed a Kangaroo or wrestled a Koala Bear?
GMc: Well, I've never boxed a Kangaroo but I've shot my fair share. Roos are pests, over grown mice and they breed like mice too.
They are no good to eat, they taste horrible. They make good dog food though and the blacks seem to like eating them, but then the blacks would eat and drink anything.
As for Koalas they are not bears, that is just what you Americans insist on calling them. They are harmless little critters, they would drop dead of a heart attack if you yelled "White Power" at them.
HP: What types of suppression docs SCI IS face among Australian government?
GMc: We have not yet been openly opposed or suppressed by the Australian ZOG. We arc sure that ASIO (Australia Security Intelli-
gence Organization) know who we all are but they con not link us to any illegal activities. The racial defamation laws of Australia make it very hard for us to operate as we would like to but these laws can not stop us from saying anything pro-White and they can not stop us from saving anything that is the truth.We do not have freedom of speech in Australia, it is not yet as bad as Germany or Canada but we have less freedom than in the United States. We expect the Australian ZOG will openly oppose us over the next 3 years as we approach the year 2000 Olympic Games being held in our city. ZOG will try to suppress all groups they consider to be subversive, they fear we will disrupt their politically motivated Olympics.
HP: How do you foresee the movement in the next 5 years?
GMc: I am very optimistic about the future of the movement The movement is becoming more organized and professional than it has ever been. Communication has played a great part in galvanizing the movement into a solid
force. There has been a lot of in-fighting going on over the past 4 years, especially in Europe, but the will of the many will crush the divisive influence of the few. I think many of the young Skinheads coming into the movement have a big future ahead of them and I believe many White people in the street are becoming more sympathetic to our ideals and beliefs. Over the next 5 years and beyond ZOG will increase their efforts to suppress us and enslave our race, through enacting laws which restrict our freedoms of speech and action. ZOG will take away our rights and means of defending ourselves and our people, this has already began in Australia with the dehumanizing and unjust gun laws we have suffered over the past 2 years. ZOG will also try to ensluve our people by raising taxes to a level where all working white people are forced into poverty to be totally dependent on ZOG
gnp.
S.C.H.S.
lof * 13 * fit)
#
for their day to day needs. This will happen slowly and un-noticcd by most, so that is where wc come in. It is up the HommerSkin Nation and the WP/NS movement to keep the plight of our people on the minds and in the faces of all white people. Wc must prepare for the day when masses of white people finally realize what we are loosing and what we are Oghting for. When that day comes we will all be leaders, we will all have to guide our people into the struggle.
Many young white people are already turning to us. I know that the teenagers of today have to put up with a lot more reverse discrimination, social engineering and mud gangs than I ever had to in ray youth. We must show white youth
cultural, multi-racial nations in the world.
We are on the foot steps of Asia and we are being invaded. Boat loads of so called refugees arrive every day and they are being accepted by the Australian ZOG. We are not a rich nation by western standards but the Australian ZOG still spends billions of dollars a year bailing Asian countries out of debt and recession.
Ten years ago we feared war with Indonesia, now we train their forces and share with them our military secrets.
Our schools are full of gooks and sand niggers. There are areas of Sydney where White people will not go into for fear of being shot or stabbed. The drug and sex industries are now controlled be the Vietnamese, Chinese and Kore-
BLOOD OATH ~ Harry -leadguitar, Shane -guitar, Gideon -vocals
that they don't have to take it, that they can fight back and that tomorrow belongs to them.
I believe in the next 5 years many white people will look to us for guidance and we must be ready to lead them.
HP: What effects has immigration had on Australia?
GMc: Well, where do I begin. Australia once had the best racial laws in the world. Until 1967 we had laws which where known as the White Australia Policy. It was practically impossible to enter this country if you weren't white. Even the native coons, the Australia aboriginals, could not become citizens of the Australian nation. But in 1967 that all changed. In a lime when the Australian government was riddled with moralistic Communists and profiteering multi-national capitalists our race was sold out against (he will of our people. Since then Australia has become one of the most multi?
ans. Drug wars and killings are now common events.
This may all sound tame to your American readers but we did not have this level of race related problems in Australia until only a short time ago. Many true Australians have tried to speak out against the betrayal and assault on our race and culture, so a few years ago ZOG decided to pass the Racial Defamation Act which prohibits White people from saying anything against the mud but still allows the mud to belittle and defame us.
Our schools have become nothing more than places of social engineering where our youth is taught that the white race is responsible for all the wrongs and evils in Australia and the world throughout history. Of course we have more then our share of the jew.
You asked me about immigration, so I won't begin telling you about what we have to put up with from the savage Neanderthal sub-human
race which roamed lire continent like lost cattle before our While fore-borers founded this once great nation. 1 could write pages on them.
HP: I hear you are a home brew connoisseur of sort?
GMc: I brew all my own beer, yes. A lot of Australians brew beer. I coll my brew HAMMER HOPS, half a dozen bottles and it makes you bullet proof. My Hammer brother, Rook, also brews beer and together we have provided cheer and merriment for many Australian Skinheads.
A comrade from Germany stayed at my home a while ago and he said it was the best beer he had tasted in Australia. So if any Hammers are down this way, call in and have a drink with me. No matter what your pleasure is, Lager, Pilsner, Bitter ale. Wheat or what ever you fancy, I will have it By the way, Australians dont drink Fosters Lager, we only make it for the tourists.
HP: Any closing comments?
GMc: To all my Hammer brothers and sisters around the world 1 send my greetings. Stay true to our ideals and loyal to the HammerSkin Nation. We are the elite and we must act as such.
We must continue to strive for quality not quantity. Our strength is our pride, our pride is our strength. We are united by blood and by the continuous lineage that stretches through every HS chapter.
I'd like to say G'day to all my mates in the United States, Europe and Britain, they know who they are. I'll see y'all soon. To the editor of HS Press let me say thanks for this opportunity to let the white world know that Aussie Skinheads are fighting for the South and let me also say to him that I still think our crocks could beat the crap out of your gators.
HammerSkins Forever, Forever HammerSkins. Hail the crossed Hammers. 88.
S.C.H.S. I PO Box 1032 1 Sutherland f] 2232 Australia I
hammerskins@usa.net ii
iof * 14 * £fi>

If there'* one thing that w* $Kinheads can agree on, it'* our love of beer. &ui-ne«* Stout *eetn* to be the | favorite of just about sverf-I one, but how man<f of <fou Know how it wa* bom?
LucK'f for 'fou all. I've done tome research on Author The 6teniu** Quines*. He fttarted out in r751 when he tootc over the lea*e on an abandoned brewerf in St. Tame* £*ate, just outside Dublin. While Arthur started out brewing onty reddish ales that were in fashion at the time, it tooK a decade or eo for him to start brewing Porter. 6iuine*s borrowed a technique that London brewers had been using of roasting barley to produce a darter malt which was used to mate a more full bodied beer. That, along with Soft Dublin water and Irish grown barley, hops and 'feast produced a porter so superior to his English counterparts that it would eventually oust all imports from Ireland.
It wasn't until the 1020'* however, that the original porter was refined and a stronger brew called "Estra Stout" was introduced. Thus, the beer that we all Know and love today was bom.
Since if s introduction. Ctuines* £%tra Stout has not only cornered 10% of the beer marKet in Ireland, but it is also the predominant stout worldwide. 6tuines* is of course delicious by itself but for another treat mis with Harp Lager to form a ElacK it Tan. If you are ever in Ireland though you may not want to refer to it as that. The term "fMacK fir Tan" is also used to refer to the blacK and tan dad reinforcements who, as a part of Britain's Poyal Irish constabulary, were sent to Ireland in the Iflf-iyzi uprising. So, unless you want to piss off a pub full of drunKen leprechauns, you may want to order a "Half M Half!” Another savory concoction is VJoodchucK Eider mised with Etuiness, equal portions and you've got a "smoothie."
No matter how you liKe it, fulness is best served with your brothers all around you. Slants' Arthur Eiufness!
chcap Deep, of me month: ou>e 6N&USH Icc 000
While nobody out there would probably admit. I'm sure that almost everyone reading this has at least tried Olde English at some point in their lives. Most people who have tried it will tell you that it's the worst thing they have tasted, or worse, _ d that it's only fit for Niggers. Now while that may be somewhat true, there's a new Olde English out, Olde English Ice 000. Hopefully it will smash these negative assumptions.
As far as the taste goes, it's not nearly as bad as the original Olde English. The ice brewing gives it a surprisingly smooth, and if I may say, a delicious taste that feels warm going down. The ice brewing not only improves the taste, it also ups the alcohol content. Around 0% I've heard. As much alcohol as some of your more expensive imports. And while I don't have any proof to bacK that up, tVe felt the effects personally. A normal quart of beer doesn't really effect me much, but after a quart of Olde English Ice, I was definitely feeling it! If you don't believe me. put your favorite quart of brew up against a quart of Olde English Ice. I've got five bucKs for anyone who sends me a quart of anything stronger.
Even though the original Olde English is pretty much viewed as a nigger beer, Olde English Ice doesn't need to end up with the same shameful fate. Since it is a fairly new product, we sttll have a chance to give this beer an image of a beer for White folK. I thinK we should all buy and drinK a* much of this beer as possible. Tell your friends, neighbors, and relatives about this wonderful beer. Spread the word. Lets not let this fine brew be stolen from u* by Niggers.
- EeerNazi
CARE TO DEFINE AN ARYAN?
Aryan is derived from the Indo-European root "aryo", meaning noble. Aryan has been used as a selfdescription of Indo-European Peoples from Ireland to India for thousands of years, and survives today in country names Eire (Ireland) and Iran. During the 19th century, the term Aryan was revived from the largely forgotten heritage or our ancestors, and has been used by both scientists and laypersons as a synonym for White. I recognize individuals as biologically Aryan if they are wholly of non-Jewish, non-Asiatic European, descendents of Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Britain, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Poland, Russia, Norway, Switzerland, and Ukraine. Many persons of Albanian, Bulgarian, Croatian, Georgian, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Portuguese, Romanian, Serbian, and Spanish (Inhabitants of the Iberian peninsula and their direct descendents) qualify as Aryan. Perhaps there are even pockets of racially pure Aryans living in parts of the Middle East (Iraq, Iran, Syria, Jordan and Turkey)
She welcomed
home the Viking warrior. She was the essence of elution. This gracious Goddess of the north. Nature’s great creation.
PO Box 50149, Marlborough Po^ ^utlcfi^p^ Calgary, Alberta T2A 7Pi^ana<la^j&
iof ' 15 ' ffj
WHITFWA CIJ / PITH IT R A IVf- massive amounts of spilt beer that filled the air during England! I secured myself to ihc front of the stage to "nl1 i\On /ru IVE* 1VA1VI- (his sct Everyone was going nuts, as with every time hear these guys start right off into a tribute for Ian
PAGE / ARYAN / SQUADRON AA plays!	Stuart playing Hail the New Dawn, and backing it up
After the semi-Aggravnted Assault set night time with Final Salute off the Decade of Defiance record-had fallen and we proceeded to a beautiful Swastika ing with Jimmy displaying some awesome guitar lighting. Standing a firm 15ft tall, and well coo- work. In the lyrics to Final Salute, Squadron
- Texas, USA Nov. 8,1997 -
Review by: McShane
I leave Arkansas and head towards Texas for a 6 hour drive to indulgo in activities with old friends, and to make new friends involved in the Racial struggle. The farther South I got the more muds and Mestizos I began to notice. It was insipid to see first hand the heavy flow of non-Whites into our coastal Southern States. Every year the Mestizo population seems to move forward into the outer regions like an uncontrollable virus, producing many Mulattos along the way. A TRUE Environmentalist should/would be concerned. Before I disgust myself with this topic, let's get on with the review!
I eventually reached my destination on PRIVATE land away from the dirty coffee colored muds roaming the public domain. I was astounded to be suddenly greeted by Proud Aryan folk. After a few hellos and greetings, I made my way to the kegs!! Much beer, home brew, and mead were available to quench our thirsts. I found myself setting up a booth with the AZ'ers close to the kegs to improve sales.
Whitewash, a local band, took to the stage first This was an extremely energetic ban that kept the set aggressive with each band member expressing full intensity. They kicked right in Southern style, with a soon to be hit. Racial Skinheads are True Skinheads to get the crowd motivated, followed by an Open Season cover. Ape Man and Blitz cover. We are the Boys. Other notable songs were Club Girts a song about White slags going to disco type clubs and hangin with non-Whites, Unity through Aggression, and I Hate Niggers, (simply put!) A classic cover song, Spit, by White Pride erupted into a massive mosb-pit on the stompin grounds with everybody
Jim & Griff
Skg|
singin and dancing to this classic. They continued blasting more great cover songs like Youngblood Fight For Your Rights, Iron Cross Crucified,znd Skrcwdriver's I Donl Like You, which had everyone in the audience singing along to this favorite, with Warren from Aggravated Assault taking in a couple of verses. Another song appropriately titled. Anti Punks, is about cry baby anti-racist bands that sing against racism because of past beatings they have suffered by racist skinheads. Look forward to hearing more from this great band in the future.
Immediately after Whitewashs set, the band stayed up on stage to play some drunken Aggravated Assault covers for Warren. Songs like A.C. Boys, Aggravated Assault and Natural Bom Killers with the CHS. girls on back-up vocals, had the crowd in a uproar! It seemed as though it was raining with the
structed, it lit up the night beauti-j folly!
Back to the stage it's Pure Rampage, baby! Without a drummer,
Scott from the Bully Boys filled in to make a awesome HAMMERSKJN line-up. These guys played a fast and furious set starting off with a FEAR cover song Lets Start A War, followed by Pure Rampage, in which every one joined in for vocals on this song. Other great tracks from their new CD were played like,
Methodical Tyranny and Dresden.
PR will tell you they sucked on this night. I didn't notice, seeing bow their CD was the most recent addition to my collection, and has been played over and over, which resulted in me being able to sing every song they played. And with the crowd being buzzed off their ass, no one could notice a bad set Other great songs such as AJJJi.
(Arizona Hammer Sldns) is about the Racialists who have stayed true over the years in Arizona and never backed down through all the shit theyVe been through.
A great song off the new CD,
Martyr Fallen was dedicated to fellow Hammer Skin,
Joe Rowan, martyr/singer of the band Nordic Thunder, and backed right up with the NT cover. Bora 2 Hate. Warren joined in for backing vocals that developed into a fierce mosh pit, with everyone grabbing the mic to sing this all time favorite.
Next up, ARYAN!!! By this time I'm sloshed with the beer and trying to keep warm. I think Aryan brought some of that cold Canadian air down with them, with the weather being a mere 30 degrees. Everyone seemed to come out of the woodwork, and conjure up to the stage during this set. These guys ripped with some classics off the New Storm Rising recording and with some new ones from the latest Where Eagles Fly. They kicked off with You Gotta Go from the first CD to get the crowd warmed up, followed by Stop Wasting Our Time, a song about the constant infighting and bickering that plagues the scene.
Other great songs such as. Commie Conspiracy, Day Of The Doomed, and a new one called Your Sick, kept the heat turned up and the crowd moving. Griffin reminds me of a pit bull biting down and shaking its victim, when be performs. You can see the dedication in every song he sings.
They intended to end their set by play-ing You Gotta Go again, but the crowd insisted on a encore. This brought Aryan back on stage to finish off with a Skrewd river cover.	Over all, this was a great show. Special thanx to
Street Fight, which once again, hod the crowd in a Jorrey, White Camellia, C.H.S. and Free Your Mind frenzy.	Productions,	for hosting the show.
Lost but not least, Squadron, all the way from
promises to carry on lan Stuarts song's till the day they die. They held true to ihrir promise with yet more Skrewdriver covers. Hail The New Dawn that had all hands in full salute with everyone singing along, and a magnificent combination of Diamonds In The Dust and Back With A Bang. After a few Squadron originals like Open Up Your eyes, Our Time Will Come. Griffin (Aryan) joined Jimmy (Squadron) for a requested Sweet Home Alabama for the predominantly southern crowd.
Squadron loves Texas, and they said that if they were to be killed, this is where they wanna be. This is the second time I've gotten to see Squadron in Texas, ind both times they have played i magnificent set I first saw hem in December of'95 for the first time. These guys played heir whole set and then played t all over again! We were run-ting delirious by the end of the .tight! Not to mention. Squadron had to get up and play a show in Cleveland for New Years Eve the next night
Squadron finished up their set with a cover off the Bulldog Breed recording, Hammerskins Forever, Forever Hammerskins, dedicated to Erik banks, Joe Rowan, and all the Hammer Skins in the audience, with Brad taking on vocals, that resulted in a encore request ofHFFH with some C.H.S. folks taking on backing vocals.
Their has been comments from up-tighters that people aren't taking a serious side when they come to these functions. The Southern music scene is like Winter, it comes only once a year. Folks have to drive miles and miles away to attend such events.
They live a very serious life, contributing to the cause everyday. Ifs great to get away from the daily crap, and meet up with old friends that you bavent seen in years, and just relax, drink, and have a good time for a day or two. Then if s right back to the frontlines, cause it donl last forever! And with our "freedom" being quickly chipped away, if s just a matter of time that such events are suppressed. Enjoy them while you can.
jfljf' 16 *
TERRORISM THREATS AT HOME
This article was sent to us via the Internet. We wish to print it and to show our associates what the Iron Heel and it's media whores have to say about anti-Govemment groups. Notice their concerns with such efficient measures as that of Leaderless Resistance.
Two years after Oklahoma City, violent sects still abound
BY DAVID E. KAPLAN AND MIKE THARP
For those who follow terrorism and
hate crimes in America, it has been a busy couple of months. On December 12, two white supremacists in Little Rock, Aik., were charged with murder, racketeering, and conspiracy. Prosecutors say they hoped to overthrow the federal government, replace it with a Whites-only Aryan People's Republic, and use polygamy to build its population. On the same day in Philadelphia, a 39-year-old man was arraigned on charges of leaving eight pipe bombs at local businesses and painting swastikas on politicians' offices. The man is suspected of having perpetrated hate crimes for three years. In November, racist skinheads in Denver went on a violent crime spree, firing at cops and bystanders, leaving dead an African immigrant and a police officer. The events left a tolerant city stunned by the violence in its midst
Twenty months after the Oklahoma City bombing, investigators say, the threat from heavily armed extremist groups remains high. "Another Oklahoma City could happen tomorrow," says Robert Blitzer, head of die FBI's terrorism section. "There are still a lot of people out there with a lot of potential for violence." Most, he says, are U.S. citizens. Credible bomb threats arrive at government offices every two weeks, on average, say federal officials. Favorite targets are police stations and offices housing the IRS, FBI, and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
Following the devastation in Oklahoma City, federal and local law enforcement agencies have cracked down hard with a concerted effort to identify and infiltrate the most violent of the hundreds of armed militias and "patriot" groups nationwide. The FBI currently has more than 900 active investigations into domestic terrorism, compared with 100 investigations before the Oklahoma City bombing. Among the active cases arc 10 high-priority operations in which the bureau
is targeting antigovemment groups with intensive surveillance and investigation.
With their new efforts, agents have peeled
back layers of the violent underground to find a hard core of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and bizarre sects. Among them are the "Phineas Priests"—self-proclaimed avenging angels of the far right— and some members of an obscure sect that worships the Norse god Odin. The fastest growing of the hard-core, violence-prone groups, investigators say, are neo-Nazi skinheads. Particularly worn-
W
some is that in some places antigovemment movements have split Into small cells to prevent penetration; officials say violent loners, though, are the most unpredictable.
To combat these threats, police have turned to tactics that proved successful against the Mafia: heavy use of informants and electronic surveillance. Those engaged in politically motivated violence generally are not being prosecuted under sedition laws, as they might have been a generation ago; instead, they face charges under fraud, racketeering, and weapons statutes. "We're going after them as criminals, not martyrs," says one Justice Department officiaL To aid in the crackdown. Congress and the White House have nearly tripled the FBI's counterterrorism budget since 1994, allowing the bureau to add 350 new agents to domestic terrorism cases.
In their raids, agents have seized huge arsenals filled with hundreds of semiautomatic weapons, machine guns, booby traps, and all sorts of explosives: pipe bombs, TNT, C-4 plastic, and more than 650 pounds of ammonium nitrate, a key ingredient in the bombs that struck Oklahoma City and the World Trade Center. Federal prosecutors have brought hundreds of criminal charges against far-right extremists: conspiracy to bomb federal buildings, stockpiling of illegal weapons, financial fraud, and bank robbery.
The crackdown appears to have headed o(T several well-planned acts of mass violence. In April this year, four Ku Klux Klan members were caught planning to blow up a natural-gas refinery outside Bridgeport,
Texas. The explosion was to have been a
diversion for their main act, the robbery of an armored car 9 miles away. Police say the Klansmen intended to use the money to finance other terrorist acts. The plan so alarmed the group's own imperial wizard that he turned them in to the FBI just days before the crime was to have been committed.
Elsewhere in Texas this year, members of a radi-"AN cal militia splinter group planned to attack a July 4 celebration at Fort Hood with semiautomatic ■weapons. The group was convinced that United Nations troops from China were training there to take over the United States. FBI agents and state police swooped down on the would-be assault squad at a campground near Fort Hood and found seven firearms, 1,600 rounds of ammunition, and a container labeled "riot smoke."
While most federal prosecutions of extremists have been successful, heavy use of informants and conspiracy charges has met with skepticism from some juries. In February, a federal jury in Washington State found
members of the ■ antigovemment I Freemen and Wash-I ington State Militia I guilty of weapons I charges. The jurors,
I however, deadlocked I on broader charges of I conspiracy to blow up
. , ,	-------I radio towers, a bridge,
egy to avoid law en- land a train tunnel to
But what worries officials most is what militants refer to as fLeaderless Resistance" a strat-
forcement by operating in small, independent cells.
stop U.N. troops from "invading" from I Canada. "The govera-j ment is using the con-I spiracy statute against S disfavored individuals when all they've done is speak their mind," says Robert Leen, attorney for one of the Freemen. "People should be prosecuted for what they do, not what they say or think."
One tactic that has paid off for law enforcers is opening lines of communication with militia movements. After the Oklahoma City bombing, FBI Director Louis Freeh ordered top field agents to meet with established militia groups around the country, hoping to open doors and defuse tension. The leaders of one prominent group, the Michigan Militia Corps, lipped off the bureau about Brcndon Blasz, a local activist who allegedly spoke of bombing government offices, federal armories, and a Kalamazoo
/17 *
TV station. Blasz was arrested in March for making pipe bombs and pleaded guilty. ”1 don't like the IRS or [Kalamazoo's] Channel 6 either,” said Lynn Van Huizcn, commander of the Michigan Militia. "But you can't be making pipe bombs and stay law abiding.”
Through such contacts, the FBI has been able to better sort out which groups it needs to really worry about and which are more bark than bite. Tens of thousands of Americans are active today in various anligovemment groups, according to those who monitor the movements. Many of these self-declared militias arm themselves with semiautomatic weapons, conduct paramilitary drills, and see sinister conspiracies of world domination by the U.N., Jews, and environmentalists, among others. But few are involved in violent acts, say law enforcement officials.
The hard-core extremists number only "in the hundreds,” according to the FBI, and are splintered into various sects and gangs. The more organized groups, such as Christian Identity ‘churches,” the Ku Klux Klan, and neo-Nazis, have proved susceptible to infiltration. But what worries officials most is what militants refer to as "leaderlcss resistance"—a strategy to avoid law enforcement by operating in small, independent cells. Of special concern are so-called Phineas Priests, fanatics who practice a violent creed of vengeance advocated by the white supremacist Christian Identity movement These self-styled priests take their name from the biblical story of Phineas
the zealot, who pleased God by striking down the unfaithful. The sect struck in 1996 in Spokane, Wash., in a four-month crime spree that included bank robberies and bombings of the local newspaper and Planned Parenthood. At the crime scenes, the men left behind religious missives signed "Phineas Priests.” "These people don't answer to. anyone," says the FBI's Blitzer. "We don't know where they're going to come from."
Another strange sect attracting the radical right is the Odinisls, who espouse a form of ancient Scandinavian mythology. Odinist practices include witchcraft and paganism, and the sect has gained a strong following among neo-Nazis and racist skinheads, who blend in white supremacy beliefs. There is even a skinhead heavy-metal band called Odin's Law, whose white-power lyrics stirred protests while the band was performing in Vancouver, British Columbia. Odinists believe that to enter Valhalla—the heavenly hall where Odin feasts with heroes—one must die fighting. Although most Odinists are not dangerous, several believers, members of a neo-Nazi group known as the Order, launched a bloody wave of murder and bank robberies during the early 1980s.
While the threat from leftist revolutionaries has largely faded with the cold war, occasional throwbacks still appear. In what seemed almost an anachronism in 1996, a
routine complaint about a crying child led New York City police to a heavily armed Marxist sect in Brooklyn—this, seven years after the end of the cold war. The group, calling itself the Provisional Communist Party, immersed itself in talk of armed revolution, though its members had committed no violent acts in its 20-year existence. Nonetheless, authorities seized nearly SO pistols, rifles, and shotguns, thousands of ammunition rounds, and potential bombmaking materials. Several other extremist groups remain sources of concern. Radical environmentalists and animal-rights activists have destroyed or sabotaged research labs and timber-company property, and, say ranchers, killed and mutilated cattle. And the 100th anniversary of the U.S. annexation of Puerto Rico next year could prompt attacks by independence-minded terrorists from that island.
A serious terrorism threat also remains from international groups, particularly from the Mideast. Yet while international terrorists have repeatedly attacked American targets overseas, they have not struck inside the United States since 1993. The first reaction of many Americans to the Oklahoma City blast was to blame terrorists from overseas. But then, as now, the biggest challenges were here at home.
Leaderless Resistance-the re are a few out their who have criticized this
methodology. All we can say is that those who practice it are not being
hassled by the system agents. Only organized structured groups are the
easy targets. Organizations with fancy headquarters and paid staffs are
as old-fashioned as World War II aircraft carriers in a modern world. This
is not the time for show and go and show and tell. - Tom Metzger
----------------------------------------------------------------
6) f /1S t $£)
*Beyond The Nation
faces. Mostly on the weekends we go to ruin death metal and punk rock shows. Here in Texas that is a perfect way to beat on scum without going to jail. In the near future we are going to try to book a show at one of these clubs. Playing WP music for these people is a sure way to make something interesting happen. I will have a baseball bat right by my mic stand.
: You recently played a show in Texas with Pure Rampage, Aryan, and Squadron... How did this go?
WW: The show turned out great! I can honestly say that we are definitely a live band. Playing in front of a crowd is such a good feeling. When we play live it is like getting an awesome per-
HP: Tell us a bit about the foundation of the band, along with its current lineup WW: We have been together for about 8 months. Everything seems to be falling together perfectly. We have definitely progressed since our first practice. Right from the start we wanted to put together a band and I think that we have done well. I have tried to put together bands in the past, but no one was ever dedicated enough to practice. Right now we have an outstanding line-up; everyone is 100% into the band.
The line-up is Chad on guitars/vocals,
Neil on bass, Jim on drums and Reno on lead vocals.
HP: What influences the band musically?
WW: Everyone in the band has a big variety of music tastes. We listen to Oi!, NYC hardcore, grindcore, death metal, punk and even ska. As far as bands that influence our music the most, I would say Skullhead, Arresting Officers, Screeching Weasel (I know they are liberal scum, but they play good music) and Open Season.
WW: The best way to describe our style is a heavy Oi! sound mixed with rock. Very similar to mid-eighties skinhead rock n roll. I do believe that our music will be headed to a much heavier level in the future.
HP: What are some of the focal points that White Wash chooses to sing about? WW: Our songs mostly deal with the WP skinhead scene, and it’s problems. We also have songs about violence with a somewhat comical approach. Our main intent is to write lyrics that everyone in the WP scene can appreciate. None of our songs are about our personal religion or any specific group. We just want to appeal to all groups and religions. *
Racial pride is the main point, nothing else.
HP: What does the band expect to accomplish, and what are it's goals for the future?
WW: Our short term goal is to record a demo. We have a ton of songs, but no recordings. Once we get a demo in circulation I believe
do want to put out a full length CD. For right now we just need exposure to get known.
HP: What is the scene like in your area?
WW: Our scene is very good, and everyone supports the band. We do have a problem with an over abundance of SHARPs around here. It seems that new scum bags pop-up everyday. I hate these people with a passion! These idiots are so convinced that they are the true skinheads, what a joke. Niggers and spies wearing boots n braces; that is just as bad as foolish Whites who dress and act like gang-bangin gorillas. When we go to shows we make sure to flash our politics in their
sonal high off of our music. I see playing live to be considered entertainment, so I like to give the crowd a visual show as well as hearing the music. We were very pleased with the crowds response. For the most part we are still unknown, but the crowd seemed to like our songs even though they had never heard them before. I'm just ready to play another show. It would be great to play any other show in the future.
HP: What role do you think WP music has in the movement?
WW: I believe that music plays the biggest role in the movement. This is the best way to get out the message. For example, kids who are somewhat interested in the movement would most likely want to get the music before the literature. Aggressive, in your face music will get peoples attention. Most kids start out listening to the music because they think it is “funny.” They like it for the “shock-rock” value, but as they continue to listen to it, the true meaning will surface.
HP: Where do you sec WP music in the
HP: How would you describe, or catego- that we will be fine. Eventually we rize your style of music?
* 19 ' f fo
next 5 years?	styles of WP music that has conjured up
WW: In 5 years I think WP music in the past few years? will be bigger than ever. Right now it WW: I like the variety, there is more is bigger than I can ever remember. than just basic Oi! With these many Their are so many distributors around different styles there is something for
that the music is not hard to find. In the past I had to
strictly order from Rock-O-Rama or pay ridiculous prices in record stores. With so many distributors out there, new bands come out all the time. So I really look forward to the future of this movement.
everyone. I think that it is great that many bands are beginning to lean toward the heavier sound. Bands like Odins Law, Heysel, Zerstorer and
Triskelon are some of the best heavy bands around today. I'm also glad
HAMMERSKIN WEB SITES:
http://www.fast.net.au/clanmac
http ://www. angelfirc.com/wi/hammer-
http^/vhm.sk^eldemon. co.uk/ http://homc.att.net/-^wpsh8814/,: http ://www. whitep6wer.com/germany/ http://www.netrunner.net/~jcmartin/ hammersldns-spain.htm
AAAAAAAAA
JJ ON THE FRONTLINE
N (Pure Rampage) JJ
Open up your mind and hear what I say/No more lies it will end today/The •w war is now. I live it dav bv •#
A A
there are bands that still play the old-school HP: There seems to be a heavy Mestizo style. Intimidation One is a prime population in Texas...How does this ef- example. feet the region?
WW: Oh yes, there is a heavy popu- HP: Do you have a contact address that lation of Mestizos here. When I go to our readers may obtain for merchandise
and correspondence?
WW: Absolutely, a mailing address is
war is now, I live it day by day/Their pathetic lies mean nothing to me/A IN billion more is meant to
be/You’re oppressing our 44
race now it’s time to pay/ JJ Oppressed our race and put us in shame/But we're •• rising fast, this is not a J5 game/We’re leading the Jn way for world domination/
44 Out in the front we’re the 43 HAMMERSKIN NATION/ JN |JJ We built this country and mJL
44 it was taken away/Now 44 A run by Jews it has turned JJ to* to decay/We’ll take it back, we must no longer ••
A
A
A
A
A
a club, most of the time I cannot tell what race a person is. It is just one big sick melting pot; race mixing the following: 6931 Jeb Stuart - Rich- A delay/Did you listen, can JJ seems to be the thing to do. These
ignorant “white” people would rather go with a disgusting subhuman mutation than to be with a decent White person. For this reason we are usually involved in a fight everytime we go somewhere. I do understand that you have to get along with minorities to avoid prosecution from society, but it’s hard.
HP: Do the members belong to any groups, organizations, etc.?
WW: All of the band members, except for me, are in the Ku Klux Klan.
I do not belong to any groups.
HP: How do you feel about the different
mond, Tx 77469 Our e-mail address is bruce@intertex. net The only merchandise we have are shirts right now, but once we put out a recording we plan to have other items.
HP: Any final words?
WW: I would just like to thank the Hammerskin Press for the interview. Also thanks to Free Your Mind productions and the White Camellia Knights of the Ku Klux Klan for getting the last show together and letting WhiteWash play.
JN you hear what we say?/ JN I* No more lies it ended to-
44 day/The war is now, we 44
A live it day to day
AAAAAAAAA
HAMMERSKIN NATION stickers for SI or trade for other merchandise. They arc high quality with only 500 left in stock.
NHS - PO Box 514 - Hartland, WI 53029 (HAMMER SKINS ONLY!)
TRIUMPH OF THE WILL videos for sale. New for $ 10 ppd. If interested, send well concealed cash or blank money order to: S.A.N.S. - PO Box 2220 - Magnolia, AR -71753 U.S.A.
fbf / 20 ' fib
- CONFEDERATE HAMMER SKINS -PO Box 24084, Little Rock, AR, 72221 *Hammerskin Press
Box 88’ Sutler, ™. 37640 H? 9272, Springfield, MO, 6580i
SBSigf&K

w
Hr	Mwwm
m
PggSjSs
^M^MW^ntt^'Quc, Canada MG%W%:

^EUROPEAN HAMMER SKINS -
<mXM6/631 89 33
____________________ ^sSyitiiSrland
Italian Hamniersli^^/o Mail boxes 180 Via Teodosio 55 t: 2013TMilano Italy ^##^^9 2 2871199 *ADL 122 & CoronaFetfed^
German Hammer$^ms: PO Box 33, 01844 Neustadt, Germany/*Hass Attacke British Hammerskih^SMB OX 452, Peterborough, Cambsi PE3^NU, England * Saxon Bohemia Hammerskins: PO Box 70, Trutnov 4, 54102 Cze^Republic *Vlaska & Excalibur
- SOUTHERN^^OS^HAMMER SKINS -PO BOX 1032 s'utliefimid 2232 Australia PO BOX 186 Annandale NSW 2038 Austraha
Attention Hammerskins: Please help keep this page updated with any changes in your region.
CONFEDERATE RAMMER SKINS P.O. BOX 24084 LITTLE ROCK, All 72221
chs@ipa.net