HAMMERSKIN PRESS FALL 1998

vL
GUEST EDITORIAL
THE PRIDE OF A NATION
The enormity of our task is almost beyond comprehension. Sometimes state oppression. Red opposition, plus attempts by traitors in our midst, make us feel like giving up but at all cost we must continue our battle.
Our Fight begins in Europe, and spreads across the White World. Certain moments in our lives make us realise the massive importance of our task. I have walked through Antwerp in the early evening as Nationalists gather in the bars. The beautiful architecture in the Flemish City embodies European genius -the evening in Rotterdam, as the lights of the great Dutch city sparkle as we have been made welcome by our comrades - an afternoon In Stockholm, frost upon the ground, then a journey on the train to Gothenburg as the beauty of Sweden and Scandinavia hypnotises.
I think of Germany, France, Italy and all the other great nations of Europe. Then of our cousins in the USA, Australia and beyond. White men made these nations and if White men do not stand up and fight their enemies, our world will crumble.
If this happens, when we are gone, someday and somewhere, the ghosts of the warriors who did fight will stand and accuse those cowards who did not. That will be the day of reckoning.
We must all make some kind of contribution, and my songs are a small part of what I hope to contribute to all White comrades throughout the world.
Hail victory.
Ian Stuart — Skrewdriver December 1988.
"It seems that life is going to be uphill all the way But you won't yield, it's no surrender until your dying day For your ideals mean more to you than very life itself For the pride you feel is all you need, it's more than any wealth"
SPECIAL APPRECIATION TO Milo, Lief and the Missouri Hammers, Dying Breed, Dennis, Ines, Amber, Matt and the E.H.S. crew, Louis O., Chris W. and the Brawlers, Spy & Counterspy, Kyle and the N.Z.H., Forest, RIP and all the numerous Supporters and Zines who have helped with this issue.
A BIG FUCK YOU TO all the back-stabbers, government whores, traitors, sell-outs, conservatives, revisionists, rightwingers, etc. who have tried to silence, break, or slander the Hammerskin Nation... give it up, WE CANT BE BEAT!
It’s been over 10 years since the birth of the Hammerskin Nation. The seeds have sprouted ant the youth have now become the adults. Our enemies are seeing a movement far more advanced than the movement of 10 years ago. Camouflaged in society and rooted deep into the system, we re no longer an easy target, but a revolutionary force.
There's nothing that will extirpate the Nation. We’ve been confronted, threatened & harassed in every way possible. We've been attacked, and have been the attacker. We've experienced death, prison, and numerous court battles. Through all this, we're still standing! No LAWS will ever break us!
We can model ourselves to the next generation and pave a more positive road from our hardship and trials over the years. We didn't have the role models growing up as the youth do today. Teach by example is the most productive form of recruiting, not to mention, the safest! Manv folks, young & old, who disputed our beliefs 10 years ago, now are either undecided, or supportive of our credence. They no longer want to live in a society where the many support the few.
Not only are we in a Race struggle, but we're in a Class struggle as well. This is something the reactionary right-wingers fail, and have failed to acknowledge. This is something will continue to stress! We’ll continue to focus on race and economics within the Press, along with the typical humor and entertainment pieces.
Avoid the Nationalists, Capitalists, Marxists, Left / Right, and Judeo Christian rhetoric, and labor with a Race First motto.
Thank you for your patience on the release of this issue. Though we set no deadlines, we bust-ass to try and get you folks 4 issues a year. Each issue is released as time, finance and submissions allow. We hope to bring to you by early next year, »ck issues of the Press, and a different look in flint & format. Your submissions and support is greatly appreciated. -HP
Should tfou fall mq \jwd, amthen. jfumt will mwcfc {pm	the	mdmU <fowi ,.
We are mournful to announce the loss of another brother, and fellow Hammerskin...
Enrich Schmidt, Northern ^Director for the Hammer-skin Nation, died Sunday, September 13, 1998 from a self inflicted gunshot. As we must with all fallen Hammer-skins, please show a solidarity of support to the families and friends of Erich. He will be sadly missed.
□ Dying Breed is expecting their full release on Hate Records to be released this month, and will include a song properly entitled HAMMERSKIN NATION for all Hammer-skins to enjoy. □ If you are looking for a reliable source for White Power Music, Write to: Sonwheei Records; P.O. Box 40783; Baton Rouge, La 70835 for a listing of in stock titles. Be sure to send a couple of bux for postage. □ The Hammer, New Zealand Hammerskins journal, has just released its 7th issue. Those of you who would like to get on their mailing list write to: SHS; PO Box 22247; Christchurch, New Zealand □ Squadron has a new CD out now called "Suppression Of Faith". It's a rock/ballad CD, not Oi! or Metal. □ Did you know the attractive Gillian Anderson who plays the character of the straightlaced, slightly prudish, FBI agent/doctor known as "Dana Scully” on the X-Flles television series, lost her virginity when she was 13 to a Neo-Nazi? Yep, it’s true! □ On the Leaderless Resistance front -Hate crimes rose 7% last year, in part because high-profile Racist groups have splintered into loosely organized cells, the Police Services Board was told. □ Hass Attacks, the magazine from the notorious Mirko, has also finished it’s #8 issue. Check it out! R A Service • PO Box 33 - 01844 Neustadt - Germany □
A New York City neighborhood whose Labor Day parades over the years have included floats poking fun at Jews, gays and Asians has come under fire this time for a display lampooning the dragging death of a nigger in Texas. Amateur videotape of the parade shows about a dozen White men in blackface wearing Afro-style and dreadlock wigs, and riding on or marching alongside a green pickup truck. The float featured a banner reading, "Black to the Future 2098." One of the men clings to the rear bumper and is dragged slowly along the parade route, as if to mock the slaying earlier this year of nigger James Byrd. Three white men have been charged in his death in Jasper, Texas. Other members of the group are shown breakdancing, bouncing basketballs and drinking cheap wine. □ Word has it that the Misfits are on tour again with yet another singer. It’s being said that many of their shows are being trashed by Racist Skinheads and other concert goers shouting “Danzig, Danzig!” in reference to former Misfits singer, Glen Danzig. □ Bruder Schweigcn member Richard Scutari was brutally beaten in a prison yard race riot. At Lompoc Federal Penitentiary over 20 Negroes
attacked Scutari while he peacefully awaited yard recall. Prison guards stood by and watched while Scutari was savagely beaten for 15 minutes as he lay unconscious on the ground. Scutari was treated for cuts, separated ribs, kidney bruises, and unknown other damage. For his part in this "race riot," Scutari has been sent to the "hole" for a year as punishment. Richard Scutari #34840-080; 3901 Klein Blvd; Lompoc, CA 93436 U.S.A □ White Separatist Joseph Paul Franklin has received two life sentences for killing two black teenagers in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1980. Franklin is already facing the death penalty in Missouri for killing a Jewish man outside a synagogue. The 48-year-old convicted killer, who said he started shooting blacks to start a race war, confessed earlier this year to two Georgia-related murders. □ American Hockey fans are imitating English soccer hooligans... There has been reports of gangs of White fans entering local bars after games armed with miniature hockey sticks sold as souvenirs, attacking non-Whites at random. Placards and leaflets are being spotted that read such slogans as “Black Man Can't Skate” and “Ice Hockey - KEEP IT WHITE.” The NHL last year undertook a "zero-tolerance" policy toward racial slurs. □ Colorado State University is investigating how a scarecrow that mocked homosexuals appeared on a homecoming parade float while a severely beaten faggot lay dying in a nearby hospital. The scarecrow appeared on a float sponsored by Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity and Alpha Chi Omega sorority in Saturday’s parade. Matthew Shepard, a fag University of Wyoming student, died Monday in Poudre Valley Hospital from injuries he suffered last week when he was lured from a Laramie, Wyo., campus hangout, beaten and lashed to a fence. The bicyclists who found him at first mistook him for a scarecrow. □ A candidate for high school homecoming king also is charged with disorderly conduct in a mob march that included yelling racial slurs and brandishing a Confederate flag toward the home of a raciallv-mixed couple. Smith, 17, was among a group that last month marched on the home of Les Bly-den, who is black, and Jennifer Manire, who is white. Marchers carried bats, clubs, sticks. Confederate flags and at least one white cross. □ There’s been an unusual hate crime in Sacramento. The head of a plastic camel was cut off and placed on a pole outside a business. The owner of the Hollywood Pizza and Pipes says he believes it’s a hate crime against
his business because the suspects believe he is Arab. Police say the suspects also painted '' go-home" on the side of the building on Arden Way. □ With cooperation from former magazines Pro Patria and Ainaskin. an excellent new White Power magazine Kalevan Soturi out of Finland has just released it's 2nd issue with full color covers and 44 pages. Send $6 for a sample copy to: Kalevan Soturi: PO Box 101; 20101 Turku; Finland. □ Serbian Hammerskins have been on the move with the release of their Southland publication and Radical Patriots demo. They also have an English newsletter entitled ‘Victory Day’ and their official magazine 'Our Way.' Drop them a line at: SHS/Alex; PO Box 46;
11070 Belgrade; Serbia, Yugoslavia. □ New from Tri-State Terror Records is the full length debut of Americas most extreme underground band - Angry Aryans “Racially Motivated Violence” CD. 16 songs of heavy, stomping, hatecore with vicious lyrics. Send $13 to TST; PO Box 928; Stroudsburg, PA; 18360 USA □ Panzerfaust Records is a brand-new WP music label that promises to release some of the best music on the market. They'll be distributing many of the most well-known international RAC bands, and to eventually produce their own bands. There's a close relationship with Bound For Glory so their efforts should be well received. □ Two Anti-Racist Action dirt bags were shot dead “execution style” on July 4th in a Las Vegas desert. The two belonged to Las Vegas Unity Skins, an anti-Racist Skinhead group. One was White, the other was black. A handful of members of the Las Vegas Unity Skins.went into hiding soon after the slavings. Police have arrested 3 Racist suspects to the murders.
[Let this be a lesson to all so called Anti-Racist “Action” members... Wherever there is Action, their will always be re-Action! |
BF-2-FH
pip you maw
DO COULD RUN fc HIP6 FROM IIS
The MOST NOTORIOUS band of Skinheads in the World have metastasized from the mean streets, and into your home... Where ever you go, our WEB of Racism will follow!
I
ARTICLES OF INTEREST
LINKS & MUCH MORE!!
HF-3-FH
NEWS & VIEWS
BAND INTERVIEWS
CHAPTER LISTINGS
HAMMERSKIN PRESS
ICRIftfl
ms i
mnft©
How is the scene in your region?
DB: Yes the White Racial Movement does seem to be more populous here then in other states; the reasons for this must be because of the high popu-
HP: Could you give us a little history of the hand up to it's current stance.
DB: Dying breed started a few years back in New Jersey. The band was started with myself on vocals and guitar, Reggie on drums. Through the years we have gone through many different bass players. It is difficult to find bassist's around that share the same views as us. Our latest bass player is Steve, Celtic Dawns old bass player.
HP: From what I've been able to hear of Dying Breed, you guys seem to have a Hardcore influence...How would you describe your style of music?
DB: Yeah there is a lot of hardcore influence in our music. I grew up listing to a lot of old hardcore so it shows in some of our songs, so I definitely would call our music a hardcore style.
HP: What is the Racial make-up of New Jersey?
DB: The racial make up in new jersey is beyond explainable, there are so many different creatures running around this state, that you look at them and you and don't know out from under what rock or cave these people crawled out from. Unfortunately because of all these different mud's the state is going shit. The town I used to live in only 20 years ago was all White towns. The town now is a resembles a third world nation and it is easy to see that at this rate that this town, like others is on a path to destruction
HP: It's said that the Racist movement on the East Cost is more populous in comparison to other parts of the Nation...
lation of non-Whites in the state. Also we have the nations strictest Hate crime laws. So when you put these factors amongst others in to mind you can see that many people become fed up and want to make a change for the better.
HP: How are things going with the Ham-merskin Nation in your area?
DB: The Hammerskin Nation chapter on the East Coast is going very well, we are a very tight nit crew, and we have some very dedicated and loyal people in our chapter. We have recently started a web page, hammer-skins, com that we hope will be a tool to get across to not only Hammer-skins but to others that have an interest in the Hammerskin movement. Whatever resources we have to get our word across to people we should utilize. And the Internet seems to be a good place to do it.
HP: What are some of the issues that Dying Breed chooses to sing about?
DB: I choose to write and sing about instances that I have experienced, whether it is about Skinheads that I knew that are traitors now, or Hammerskin pride. I feel that when you write songs that deal with the issues that you face everyday it makes you more aware on how screwed up society is, and also helps you become a little saner in an insane world
HP: Can we expect any pro-Hammerskin
lyrics from any present or future recordings?
DB: Definitely, I always will write pro Hammerskin lyrics, and on our forthcoming CD we have a song properly entitled HAMMERSKIN NATION. A song that I think a lot of Hammerskins will enjoy.
HP: If your house were to catch on fire, what 3 CD's would you grab before dashing out the door?
DB: I'd have to say I would grab Blood and Honour, and White Rider, and Day of the Sword, then I would let the house bum down around me so I could grab the rest of them.
HP: What future projects/plans can we look for from Dying Breed?
DB: We are concentrating on writing some more music, and waiting to see how people like our first release, then we will take it from there.
HP: Anything you'd like to close the interview with?
DB: First off I would like to thank Shane from the Hammerskin Press. Ines and the rest of the Hammerskin Nation for the support. And thanks to those who are going to be picking up the CD. HFFH!!
Contact Dying Breed (a) PO Box 616; jHorrison, NJ; 07029 U S A
IIF-4-FII
HOW TO ORGANIZE A RESISTANCE MOVEMENT...
If you agree that life, liberty, and property should be the right of every citizen, then you probably already realize that surveillance and suppression by government goon-squads is incompatible with these three basic human dignities. Getting involved. Organizing and activating your own resistance movement can be an exciting and rewarding experience - especially if you yearn to do something meaningful about the unfairness you observe around you every day. Like the heroes and heroines of the American revolution, you may choose to answer the call to idealism and sacrifice. If you love your country but fear your government, becoming an underground activist may give you the mechanism you need to start making a difference. Becoming aware. As the saying goes, freedom is sustained by three boxes - the ballot box, the jury box, and the ammo box. Unfortunately, more and more concerned citizens are becoming increasingly alarmed by what they see as the dangerously weakened condition of the ballot box and the jury box.
Reliable sources. The article you are reading is based on information obtained from our contacts in a number of resistance movements. The information in the article is also based on official counterinsurgency training manuals leaked by our contacts in intelligence agencies and security services. This article is intended as an introduction to organizing and activating a resistance movement. Other articles and tutorials at our Web site can provide you with hands-on skills.
Step 1: Create your commando...
1.	Become focused. Get a sense of direction and purpose. Create a leadership team. Develop a strategic plan, an order of battle, or a manifesto. Start building the commando leadership cadre. As the saying goes, plan your work and then work your plan.
2.	Become invisible. Go underground.
Create an identity that cannot be traced, located, or discovered by the authorities. Adopt a nom de guerre. Become independent by being self-funding and self-supporting. You can continue to live your normal life if you wish, but you must have an underground persona for your resistance work. Your normal life can provide cover for your underground life.
3.	Set up communications. Establish secure methods for one-way comm uni ca-tions. You'll need to communicate with the population, with the media, with the authorities, with other cells, and with other resistance movements. Set up anonymous cyber-cafe e-mail accounts.
COUNTERSPY
Set up dead-letter boxes in your neighborhood. Acquire anonymous prepaid calling cards for telephone communications. Develop skills in elliptical conversation.
4.	Recruit members. The longer you've known them, the better. Encourage them to establish cells. Whenever a cell has more than ten members, divide the cell. Then form circles from groups of cells. Appoint circle leaders. Communicate with the circle leaders (but also maintain some direct links to individual cells for sensitive operations). Form sections from groups of circles. Appoint section leaders.
Step 2: Become active...
1.	Begin propaganda. Inform your cells about the misinformation campaigns of the authorities. Also inform the general population. The authorities will spread lies about you, about your group, about your motives, and about your actions. This is standard operating procedure for a corrupt and repressive government.
2.	Begin defensive operations. Assist persecuted persons by warning them, by hiding them, or by providing escape routes. You can also assist persecuted persons by publicizing the repressive actions of the government's goons. Expect the goons to react.
3.	Begin political operations. Inform the general population about how to behave towards the authorities. For a typical resistance movement this may include civil disobedience, non-fraternization, protest, non-cooperation, and so on.
Each person in the general population will fit a profile - activist, supporter, sympathizer, undecided, collaborator, or traitor. A government's terror campaign of no-knock warrants, confiscation of property, national ID cards, secret internment camps, corrupt officials, etc. will move people's attitudes along this continuum. Most people will start out undecided — you want to convert these people into sympathizers, supporters, and activists.
4.	Begin counterintelligence operations. Isolate informers, agent-provocateurs, moles, passive-aggressive types, toadies, collaborators, cowards, honcypots, and so on. Ostracize these individuals so they cannot damage your resistance movement. Instruct the general population to shun these individuals. Distribute their identities and modus operandi to all cells.
Step 3: Begin guerrilla operations,..
1. Go on the offensive. This may in-
IIF-5-FII

volvc lawful action like protest, civil disobedience. tax resistance, a lettcr-to-thc-editor. work slowdown, embargo, consumer boycott. agitation, silent non-cooperation. noisy non-cooperation, improvable minor acts of sabotage disguised as oversight or accident, ostracizing employees of govemment agencies, setting up alternative self-sufficient communities, and so on. In addition, however, a typical resistance movement in today's world often undertakes unlaw ful operations like terror, sabotage, assassination, and secession.
2. Enforce cooperation. A resistance movement will often need to use counterterror to intimidate traitors, collaborators, and informers. The goal is to make it dangerous to cooperate with the authorities.
About vour long-term strategy...
According to the official counterinsurgency training manuals of various intelligence agencies and security services, a successful resistance movement always follow s the same sequence of events. First comes passive resistance. This eventually leads to active resistance, which in turn leads to guerrilla operations. This escalates to open insurrection by insurgents -which inevitably results in civil war. This process can be interrupted at any stage by a government willing to make concessions to the population. Unfortunately, however, the antisocial bureaucrats behind repressive governments are rarely willing to compromise on their policies.
Strategic resistance. A typical resistance movement uses both active and passive resistance until the situation deteriorates to a point when urban guerrilla warfare can be initiated.
Guerrilla warfare. As the situation becomes more volatile, a typical resistance movement uses hit-and-run guerrilla tactics until open insurrection can be initiated.
Insurgency. As the government begins to lose control of significant elements in the country, a typical resistance movement will use the insurrection to provoke civil war. It then uses civil war to force fundamental change in society.
Copyright 1998 Lee Adams. All rights reserved. Quoting, copying, and distributing are encouraged
SUPPORT
HAMMERSKIN
PRISONERS!
Louis Oddo #179353 PO Box 66 Dorm 9A Capshaw, AL 35742 (cannot receive racist material)
Richard Reid #62851-061 USP-HIGH PO Box 7000 Florence, CO 81226
Jimmy L. Matchette #06717-085 U.S.P. Leavenworth PO Box 1000 Leavenworth, KS 66048
SUPPORT
HAMMERSKIN
P.O.W.S!
A magazine produced by Proud Aryan Women!
Women of History
First Aid Tips
A Woman's Opinion
Aryan Recipes/
Sample Copy:
News, Views & MUCH MORE!	$4 us/CAN
$5 WORLD
/
HAMMERSKIN
MERCHANDISE
IIF-7-PII
LOTS MORE TO COME!
-- River City -
Brawlers
HP: Explain the name River City Brawlers?
CW: We have recently dropped the River City thing and prefer just "The Brawlers.” We figure it sums up what we do best!
played a few local parties and once we even had a show to counter the OZfest (a local hippie fest), but our hands down fav- is last years show with Agg. Assault.
that RCB chooses to sing about? CW: All of the White mans woes... drugs, niggers, government and the likes. We also like the fun stuff - beer, chicks, beer...
HP: How would you describe your style of music? CW: I don't think anything we play really has a particular sound to it, but if I had to describe it, I would call it a cross of classic Oi! and the eastcoast sound (i.e. A.A., B.E.D...) BUT ALLOT
HP: What does being a Hammer-skin mean to you?
CW: As far as I am concerned, it's the top of the hill that I have been climbing for 9 years.
HP: What is a typical weekend like in RC? I hear you guys throw some awesome keg parties?
CW: Lots of comradery, beer and if the sight of a naked Skin offends you...pass out early!
HP: Any advice you’d give to folks out there wanting to a band?
CW: Yes, make sure you have your band members picked right the first time... It
HP: How long has RCB been in operation, and what’s the current line-up?
CW: We have been makin' the same noise for about three years. Our line up has changed, we kicked Wess out, and Chris "egg" G. took over in the vocal dept. And we added Troy E. as bass player.
HP: What is the Racist scene like in River City?
CW: We have a good showing for the size of town we live in, but like anywhere, we'll have 40 active Skins one month and 30 the next.
SLOPPIER.	1H
HP: What musical influences does the band have?
CW: We love the shit out of all the classics. We don’t really dig heavy metal stuff, but there are some really aggressive new bands out here that light a spark too.
HP: Have you guys ever played any shows? If so,which were the most memorable?
CW: Yes we have, but not with the current line-up. We have
HP: A recent HAMMERSKIN chapter has been opened in KS.. Could you brief us on how this is going and how it all got started?
CW: It is going great, we are really proud to be a part of the best! It all came about after last years show (RCB & AA) we met allot of people and got hooked up with some folks from Texas...the rest is history.
HP: What are some of the issues
sucks to tell a friend he's not the one for the job.
HP: Do you have a contact address our readers may obtain for band info and other relations? CW: Yes, you may reach us at: The Brawlers; c/o Kansas Ham-merskins; PO Box 49362; Wichita, KS; 67201 U.S.A.
SUPPORT
HAMMERSKIN
MUSIC!
UF-8-FU
To the deadbeats
III
'his is not directed at any particular person, but, if you are offended by it maybe you need to look around. If the shoe fits, I guess you need to lace it up.
Being in the unfortunate situation I am in, I notice and hear allot happening around the country from the people who keep in contact with me.
I am seeing a growing trend of husbands leaving wives, and daddy's leaving children. When will we realize the greatest thing we can do for our race is establish a family and a stable environment for them to grow up in? If I am wrong please feel free to contact and correct me. It is not 1988, most of us are not teenagers anymore, and the days of the brawling beer nazi is obsolete. Grow up! We aren't going to accomplish anything if we turn our children away from us. How can you look yourself in the face after you have told your daughters or sons “I’m sorry, I’m in jail honey, but daddy had to bash some nothing ass scumbag at a bar.” It was all in the name of White Power!!
Please... you need to be your drunk ass at home, teaching
your kids the ways of our folk. Honor, loyalty, dignity and pride are all taught through action, not words.
I guess I take this subject to heart because I can’t be with my fiancee and daughter. My alleged crime happened in 1991.1 was out on bond when I met my fiancee and she had our little girl. A fight that got out of hand changed my life forever. I get to see them about once a week for 3-4 hours. My daughter is the greatest thing ever to happen to me. She’s growing up so fast. She’s growing up without her daddy. I would give almost anything to be with her.
I just feel many people are taking their families for granted, and that’s just sad. Sad for the men, sad for the women, sad for the future, but most of all, sad for the children. -HFFH!
Louis Oddo #179353 L.C.F. Dorm 9-A P.O. Box 66 Capshaw, AL 35742 U.S.A.
Louis is a Political Prisoner and loyal to the Hammerskin Nation. Please drop Louis a line in support of our P.O. W.s
The lnicstQlSBj out now1 Skinhead stones Scene nrtides - Zine reviews Music pages • Skinhead conrocts from 13 countries
INTERNATIONAL
SKINHEAD
i i'lTW
ACVTRMlA	IMUM
HUCT»UMMlOVULUWKDIN<;u
Jl*< 9M	**
only 3 USD/pcs ISB. PO Box 88. 04321 Tuusula. Finlcnd
(isb) - voice of the streets
take the
TNRDPOSmON
American Front PO Box 2496; Harrison. AR 72602
RACIAL SEPARATIST ** HOTLINE **
(760)723-8996
Hear the Lone Wolves Howl!
IIF4PFI1
HAMMERSKIN NATION T-SHIRTS
Logo (pictured above) embroidered on the left chest of a black “Fred Perry” style shirt. Full color embroidery (lettering in red, hammers and cog in traditional colors). Available in large and extra large sizes. Shirt made of 100% cotton. $35.00 (U.S. dollars) per shirt, postage paid.
•	Products sold only to Hammerskins, and mailed only to Hammerskin mailing addresses.
•	Blank money orders only. Please do not send personal checks or cash.
•	Mail your order to: E.H.S.
P.O.Box 26
Abingdon, Maryland 21009 U.S.A.
We can get this logo embroidered on almost anything, so let us know about any special requests.
Nazi's B?er hiew
Walt boy* ami girls. if» time for another installment from me. the KegMMl! but before w# get started, fve got to get a couple of things off my chests
first of all. why the fuel: havent I received any beer from you jacK-offs? I bear allot about "boor Power" and "brotherhood", but nobody seems to want to put their money where their mouth is. I Know you are all to laz.y to actually post a beer to me. but use your head and just send me a money order or checK and Kindly jot down what beer you want me to "review".
Secondly. I've bad about all I can taKe from those mealy mouthed foreigners. 6very time I turn around there's another lippy European talKin' shit about our beer, calling it pieswatar. Well.
Merle Haggard said it best when be sang "When you're mimin' down my beer Hoss. you're walK-ing on the fightin' side of me" or
something liKe that. The Germans seem to be the worst about this. The funny thing is. that the best brewery in the World was founded by German mmigrants. That's right, tahueser* buoefa. the same brewery that offers budweiser - the only beer that has the balls to call itself the |3N6t of beers. Let me say that no other big dumb European beer has challenged that statement. One more thing, I havent seen a bom on date on any of those fancy (sKunK) imports.
Hurricane Malt Liquor; the newest, most succulent of it's gender, is of course made by Anbueser* buseb. Now I Know you're probably saying to yourself- but they already
maKe a fine malt liquor, King dobra. If it ain't broKe, don't fo it! but in this day and age of health consciousness. Hurricane is a healthy alternative being that it is naturally brewed, so if s better for you than some rot gut. Now H doesn't seem to have as much alcohol as other malt liquors but what it lacKs in power, it maKes up for it in taste. Most importantly, if you find yourself consuming allot of it on a road trip, have no fear, the bottle is designed with an estra wide mouth so H doubles as a porta potty.
The nest beer up for review is probably Samuel Mams finest brew... Now I'm sure everyone's familiar with
their boston lager, but if you havent tried the dream Stout, brother you don't Know what you're missing! I understand being weary of trying a darK beer from a mainstream brewery, especially if you've ever had Micbe-lob darK. TaKe it from me, this beer doesn't disappoint! It's got just as much, if not more, flavor, body T character as your favorite import or micro brew (even Samuel Smith's Taddy Porter). So run out and try some you fat bastards!
One more thing before I pass out. What the fucK is going on with these new Miller commercials filled with Niggers and other sub-human scum?
If I see one more of these goddamn advertisements. I'm going to fill my TV with bucKshot and piss on it. How many more beers are these Niggers going to taKe from you until you do something about it? Stand up and fight for your beer White man! Anyway, until nest lime...PISS OFF!
Beemazi: Pi) Bax 134. Hmrrmbmrg, MO 6SJ54
uu
Son: "Dad, I have to do a special report for school. Can I ask you a question?”
Father: "Sure, son. What's the question?"
Son: "What is politics?"
Father: "Well, let’s take our home for example. I am the wage earner, so let's call me management. Your mother is the administrator of the money, so well call her government We take care of your needs, so let's call you the people. Well call the maid the working class, and your baby brother, well call the future.
Do you understand?"
Son: Tm not really sure. Fll have to hink about it."
That night, awakened by his baby brother's crying, the boy went to see what was wrong. Discovering the iaby had seriously soiled his diaper, the boy went to his parent’s room and found his mother sound asleep.
He then went to the maid’s room where, peeking through the key hole he saw his father in bed with the maid The boy’s knocking went totally unheard by his father and the maid, so the boy returned to his room and went back to bed The next morning the boy said to his dad "I now think I understand politics."
at her: "That's great son! Explain it to me in your own words."
Son: "Well, Dad, while the management is screwing the working class, the government is sound asleep, the people are being completely ignored, and the future is full of shit!"
HF-ll-PII
After yet another long road trip from Arkansas, I reached Wichita early Saturday morning and crashed out immediately after an exhausting road ride. To our dismay, we awoke Saturday morning to find out that the scheduled venue cancelled us at the last minute due to pressure from the local authorities.
The previous Tuesday, Iron Heel whores arrested 2 teenagers for simple vandalism on a synagogue, charged them with conspiracy, and labeled them terrorists. Since the arrests, 4 venues have cancelled. The 4th cancelled Saturday morning (day of the concert) after being threatened by local authorities.
An article appeared in the Saturday morning paper warning area residents of the presence of a Skinhead gang, considered to be armed and dangerous. Notices were sent amongst troops at a local army base warning that if soldiers were caught at this function, they will be expelled. Notices were also sent to area schools warning of Saturdays concert, and to encourage youth to stay away from the function.
With only hours before the scheduled time
of concert, local
Racists hit the streets to find a last minute
venue. After being turned down by every bar & hall in town, it was apparent that the Oppressors of freedom of speech
had called and warned every bar, hall, etc., in the area. They were all told to phone police immediately if approached by us. Most of the owners that we spoke with, said we were very polite, nice & sincere, and didn't understand why the authorities and media were stereotyp-
ing us the way they were Regardless of the owners impression, they still had to refuse, since authorities threatened to destroy theiij business if they didn't cooperate with them.
With elections right around the comer, it was obvious that many political cronies were jumping on the bandwagon by using the previous arrests, and Saturdays concert, as a disposition for their political agendas. [If anyone wishes to see a real criminal "gang" they need to look no further than their local government.]
Although the pressure was on,
the will power of the Kansas Hammers kins and River City Skins was unbreakable. Determined that the show would cany on, the local Racists came out swinging, and weren't about to lose this fight.
With a feeling of dread and defeat, and only a few hours till schedule, we headed back to the regrouping spot to see if the others had any luck. When we arrived, we were greeted with an announcement that a place had been found! The better part being that it was outdoors, and on private land.
THE SHOW GOES ON!
As night time fell upon us, the show began... First up was The Brawlers, a local Kansas band, who blasted a tight, aggressive set that impressed the crowd with their fast and vicious performance. Indubitably, they impressed the likes of Panzerfaust records, who were in attendance, that Panzerfaust offered to sign The Brawlers onto their label. Look forward to hearing more from these guys in the future!
Next up was Aggravated Assault. As with every time A. A. plays, they are the ones to kick the show into party mode. With Warrens hell-bent, beer induced lyrics, A. A. was ripping shit up and the crowd was in a uproar. Warren dedicated the song "Krystallnacht" to imprisoned activists, Kevin & Jesse, who were charged in connection to a local synagogue that was damaged earlier in the week.
Third up, was a favorite of mine. Blue Eyed Devils. In true Hatecore fashion, B.E.D. put on a intense performance blasting favorites from the Murder Squad, Holocaust 2000, and B.E.D. single. Blue Eyed Devils have made a breakthrough in WP music by taking a Hardcore musical approach. Myself being a fan of Hardcore, I'm hoping to see more bands take the same direction, such as B.E.D. has done.
Last, but not least, is Intimidation One all the way from Portland, Oregon This was the first tune I've ever heard or seen Intimidation
One, and I was very impressed at what I saw. After taking a moment of silence for the fallen, these guys seemtobea favorite amongst
concert goers with the majority of the crowd singing along. A dedication was made to fallen Hammerskin, Erik Banks during the set. I'm looking forward to seeing these guys again in November.
The highlight of the night was when Saxon Hammer - Steffan from Germany, got up to sing Voice of Britain (with lyrics to suit the predominantly Hammerskin crowd) in German which had the crowd going nuts.
With no conflicts, a show of Unity was seen through out the night between concert attendees. After all the hell hosts had to go through, the show was a success and the weather was perfect.
The authorities and local media spent the entire night running in circles and chasing
their tails to find the location, but were unsuccessful. It wasn't until after the show that they found the place of the locatioa But they were just a little too late...WE HAD WON!
SALUTATIONS to John, Kansas Hammers and R.C.S.H (for organizing the event) Mike (for pulling though at the last minute for the location) Chris & Steph (for putting us up) Wichita Eagle Newspaper (for the laughs)
Kevin & Jesse (we dedicate this to you bro.'s!) the bands, Mirko,
Steffan and the Sachsen Crew, all the Skins, Racists,
& Hammers kins who showed up to support the event...
SEE YA NEXT TIME!
A planned concert for early 1999 is already in the works. Look forward to hearing more from the Kansas Hammerskins!
DATELINE: Wichita, Kansas -October 10, 1998 HOSTS: Kansas Hammerskins / River City Skinheads
REVIEW BY: Shane
UF-12-FU
PO Box 24084, Little Rock, AR, 72221 * Hammer skin Press PO Box 9272, Springfield, MO, 65801 PO Box 531, Gardendale, AL 35071 PO Box 8026, Seminole, FL 33775 PO Box 60242, Jacksonville, FL 32236 PO Box 49362, Wichita, KS 67201 The Brawlers PO Box 1572, Hiram, GA 30141
PO Box 242, Hastings, MN 55033 PO Box 514, Hartland, W1 53029 PO Box 08-1371, Rochester, Ml, 48308 *Max Resist PO Box 913, Bristol, IN, 46507
PO Box 273, Earlville, PA 19519 PO BOX 26, Abingdon, MD 21009 PO Box 616, Harrison, NJ 07029 * Dying Breed
PO Box 881606, San Diego CA 92168 PO Box 7521 Mesa, AZ 85216
PO Box 265, Surrey, BC, V3T 4W8 Canada * Odin’s Law PO Box 43 Montreal, Que, Canada H4G 3EL
PO Box 3, 8965 Berikon 1, Switzerland PO Box 180 Via Teodosio 55, 20131 Milano Italy *ADL 122 & Corona Ferrea PO Box 33, 01844 Neustadt, Germany *Hass Attacke PO Box 452, Peterborough, Cambs, PE3 7NU, England * Saxon PO Box 70, Trutnov 4, 54102 Czech Republic *Vlaska & Excalibur PO Box 65, Velty Krtis, Slovakia Postbus 3201, 3101 EE Schiedam, Nederland
PO Box 1032 Sutherland 2232 Australia PO Box 22247, Christchurch, New Zealand
SUPPORTIVE
PUBLICATIONS
HAMMER PO Box 22247 Christchurch New Zealand
FENRIS WOLF PO Box 161 Clinton, WA 98236 USA
NATIONAL OBSERVER POBox 152603 San Diego, CA 92195 USA
THULE PO Box 4542 Portland, OR 97208 USA
HASS ATTACKE POBox 33 01844 Neustadt Germany
SPARTACUS POBox 2712 Hearst Ontario POL 1NO Canada
W.A.R.
PO Box 65 Fallbrook, CA 92088 USA
Be sure to send a few bucks to help with costs!
CONTACT US VIA POSTAL MAIL, OR E-MAIL chs@ipa.net FOR ADVERTISEMENT AND SUBSCRIPTION RATES. WE WELCOME AD AND ZINE TRADES. FREE AD SPACE IS GRANTED TO ALL ACCREDITED HAMMERSK3NS AND HAMMERSKIN PUBLICATIONS.
NOTICE TO LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS
I do not consent to a search of my person, house, papers, effects, or motor vehicle. I retain my 4th Amendment rights and all other rights under the United States and State Constitutions.
Signature_____________________________
Date and Time (optional)__________________________-
THE 4TH AMENDMENT: The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.