EDITORIAL - FALL 1997
J^L-fter a long delay, the cogs have started to move once more for the Hammerskin Press. We hope you enjoy future issues of HP, in which you will find arti-cles of revolution, education, music and other items of interest. What you want find is and over abundance of 3rd Reich propaganda in this zine, for we feel that our problems are more relevant than that of the Nazi era.
Along with Working Class ethics, HP will focus on issues of today and tomorrow concerning Racial Separatist and Skinhead movement attributed with various historical proclamations. You will also find pieces of humor that might offend the "uptight Nazi" or right-wing conservative, (their ain't no PC here, baby!) If you can't comprehend with the contents of this zine, then maybe you should be reading some boring conservative rag filled with issues about Black on White crimes. I can open up my front door and see reality face to face without some arm chair fuhrer pointing it out for me. We know the problem, let’s solve it! We have lost confidence in party politics and blight-wing tactics over the years and have started to implement strategies of Leaderless Resistance and other alternative ways to avoid systematic suppression. We know what we’re up against and we will fight till death against the Iron Heel. But who says we can’t have a good time during the process? Work hard, play hard is our motto.
We would like to receive more submissions from Skinheads, and especially Hammer Skins for future issues. So send us show reviews from your area, interview bands, send in your artwork, and put those writing skills to use! Let's show the World why we are considered the Elite! You know the rules - LET’S GET IT ON!!
<Confederate Hammer Skins:>
PO Box 22601; Little Rock, AR 72221 *Hammerskin Press
PO Box 460837, Garland, TX, 75046
PO Box 1002, Manchaca, TX, 78652
1926 HWY. 31 S. Ste.101 Birmingham, AL, 35244
PO Box 531, Gardendale, AL, 35071
PO Box 88 Butler, TN, 37640
PO Box 670781, Marietta, GA, 30066
661 Blanding Blvd. Ste. 329 Orange Park, FL, 32073
PO Box 502, Bois D'Arc, Missouri 65612
,PO Box 9272, Springfield, Missouri 65801
<Northern Hammer Skins:>
PO Box 6773, East St Paul, MN, 55106 *Bound for Glory P.O. Box 514, Hartland, WI53029 .
PO Box 734, Midlothian, IL, 60445 •Final Solution PO Box 08-1371, Rochester, MI, 48308 *Max Resist PO Box 33, Germantown, WI, 53022 PO Box 1845, Stow, OH, 44224-0845 PO Box 913, Bristol, IN, 46507 PO Box 3404, St Louis, MO, 63143
<Eastern Hammer Skins:>
PO Box 273, Earlville, PA, 19519
PO Box 410444, East Cambridge, MA, 02141
<Western Hammer Skins:>
PO Box 881606, San Diego CA, 92168 *Battle Axe
<Northern Hammer Skins - Canada:>
PO Box 428, Gatineau, Quebec, J8P 7A1
PO Box 34026, Lachine, Quebec, H8S 4H4,*Ragnarok & Involved Patriots CP ST. Joseph CP, 55518, Lachine, Quebec H8S 4K5 PO Box 46079, Co.P. Galeries Chagnon, Levis, G6V-8S3 PO Box 252, Winnipeg, Manitoba, R3C 2G9 PO Box 265, Surrey, BC, V3T 4W8 *Odin's Law
<European Hammerskins:>
Swiss Hammerskins: PO Box 656,6014 Littau
Italian Hammerskins:C/0 Mail boxes 180 Via Teodosio 55-20131 Milano Italy Fax # +39 2 2871199, E-Mail: az.sh@iol.it *ADL 122 & CORONA FERREA German Hammerskins: PO Box 1133,6830 Schwetzingen British Hammerskins: BM Box 1245, London WC1N 3XX
Charlemagne Hammerskins: BP 142,94733 Nogent s/Mame Cedex, France
Bohemia Hammerskins: PO Box 70, Trutnov 4,54102 Czech Republic *Vlaska & Excalibur + Warrior's Records PO Box I Slapanicc, 66451 *ZAST 88 PO Box 23, Most, 43401
Attention Hammer Sidn chapters: Please help keep this page updated with any changes in your region.
<Southem Cross Hammerksins:> PO Box 186, Annandale, NSW, 2038
MIDTOWN PRODUCTIONS
TULSA, OKLAHOMA
For over a decade the Midwestern city of Tulsa, Oklahoma has been the birthplace of some of the most infamous and respected bands in the international White Power music scene.
Finally there is a record label and production company here in the heartland which provides direct access to the brutal and uncompromising music of these revolutionary bands.
Due to several SERIOUS problems with Stormfront Records, the new Midtown Bootboys album will now be distributed by MIDTOWN PRODUCTIONS. This full-length album features 17 Skinhead classics, written by tho Midtown Bootboys before they were sent to federal prison. The songs were never recorded, until the summer of 1996 when the band had a long-awaited reunion.
MIDTOWN PRODUCTIONS - MUSIC AND MERCHAlWSE	
Unfinished Busness on CD * MTBB Reuoon Album	ORDERING INFORMATION:
The Time Has Come on CD - Original MTBB Demo Reeorthng The Voice of Our Ancestors on CD - Debut Album from Berserkr Gush the Weak on CD - Latest Release from Berserkr	AD CDs and Shirts are $15 each, Include postage of $2 per item! US currency only. For Shirts specify Lot XL Please pay by BLANK MONEY ORDER or cash, welt-concealed! Contact the address below to order music and merchandise,
Midtown Bootboys Shirt • Hack Short Sleeve, Two Sides (LXL)	request wholesale price information, or to contact hand members. Persons on our maifing fist wfl receive the Midlown Productions
Beneikr Shirt - Black Short Sleeve, Two Sides (LXL)	information and merchandise newsletter free of charge.
NOTE: These Shirt Designs Feature Awesome Original Artwork	Midtown Productions
By RIP, On IfigbQualty T-Shirts. Write And Request A Flyer	P.0. Box 1377
To See Them, Or Take Our Word For 1 And Order Now!	Trisa, OL 741014377 email: berseikdPvislnet
Midtown Productions is a direct and reliable source for all Midtown Bootboys and Berserkr recordings	
and merchandise. It is owned and operated by band members and true Hammer Skin comrades.	
2
THE I.H.S. ARE FACING STATE OPPRESSION
JULY the 3rd 1997 - This morning about 200 people all over Italy endured the invasion of their homes by the strong arm of the law. Almost all the members of IHS were victimized by the police, together with a lot of Hammerskin associates.
The raids have been ordered by the four Roman magistrates in charge of an inquiry, that goes on since last January, against the Hammerskin Nation. As a result of the raids a lot of stuff (computers, T-shirts, documents, fanzines, flags, etc.) was confiscated. The police operation, denominated in code Operation Thor, hit simultaneously many Italian cities: Milan, Rome, Vicenza, Cuneo, Varese, Lucca, Florence, Padova, Potenza, Piacenza, Genova, Naples, Matera, Livorno and Pisa. One thousand policemen were employed and it cost the state around two milliards Italian liras. The attempt from the magistrates part of using the raids as an oppressive weapon is more then clear. Precise orders were given to the police to confiscate any material connected to the skinhead scene. That is the reason why many brothers got their personal properties taken away. We are talking about their boots, bomber jackets, books, CDs, T-shirts, fanzines, pins, pictures, paintings, and even magazines and video tapes normally bought in regular news stands. Some of our brothers weren't at home at the time of the raids and when they came back from work, they found their doors kicked in and their places completely trashed by the forces of law and order. The cops raided our clubhouse in Milan too. They took away a lot of our merchandise, our computer, all die flags, die HS colours, etc.
The cops did not limit their invasion to the houses and clubhouses of the Hammerskins, they even visited the working places of some of the brothers, threatening to confiscate their computers, (during a previous raid, carried out by die cops a few months ago, a computer was confiscated from the company own by one brother, because it contained a few e-mail messages).
Naturally, the media gave a lot of exposure to the raids. We will enclose with this newsletter a few paper clippings taken from major Italian newspapers.
For the IHS this was a hard blow, but the certainty of having all our European Hammerskin brothers at our side will nullify the effects of this oppressive police action. For this reasons we ask all the European HS chapters to send us some support messages by fax, in this way all the Italian Hammerskins will feel the closeness of their European brothers, gaining the strength necessary to face these and future hard times with some serenity.
See the Hammerskin Contacts for Italy correspondence
BREAKIN THE LAW, BREAKIN THE LAW!
SAXON, the magazine of the BRITISH HAMMERSKINS has been seized by the police and is under examination to see if it breaks the race law. The police stopped a fellow Hammers car and issued a search in which they found SAXON and arrested the Hammer and a associate and kept them in for the night. At Two O'clock in the morning their houses were raided searching for more material to prosecute them with. To date they are on police bail and have to appear in court next month to see if they, are to be prosecuted. Only time will tell. I am sure they will get off with all charges, since their houses were in order.
On the 27th of September the British Hammerskins will be hosting the Ian Stuart Memorial Gig with Squadron, Excalibur and Whitelaw as their guests. They are expecting 300 or so people as their is also a big event organized by the German Hammers.
We will keep you updated on both events as they unfold.
HP: First, the typical question... How did the band form and what is the current lineup?
Joe: We formed in Phoenix, AZ in Feb 96. We just got together and thought it was about time Arizona had a white power skinhead band.
HP: What are some of the musical influences of the band and what style of music does Pure Rampage pro- \ duce?
Joe: We are influenced by all types of mu sic ranging from rock 'n' roll, to Oi, to hardcore. I think that Pure Rampage has a Hardcore Oi sound to it
HP: In the first song, "iChanging the Game, "it\ starts off with news dubs of a March that was held in Arizona Can you tell us a little about that?
Joe: Actually those were a collection of inarches from over the years. Some were to protest the proposed MLK day and others were for Hitler’s B-day. 1 think one of em was just to let everybody know we were still around. They went pretty well with many sympathizers chiming in, and yes we did have the "antis" there too. The most exciting things that ever happened at one of these marches was when some people were too busy watching us instead of the road they were driving on and they crashed their cars! Another time some psycho Jew lady came running through traffic to throw a roll of toilet paper at us. Needless to say, she was the one who needed the tp when were done with her. She was spat upon!
has been the outcome?
Joe: Here, locally in Phoenix, we've only played gigs at clubs just like your everyday band would. They like us out here because when we play they see green (lots of alcohol gets sold at our shows). Nobody really cares about our politics. We are planning in the future to organize some kind of fest but that won't be for a while.
HP: Obviously, from the CD the band are all Hammerskins. How is the Hammerskin chapter in Arizona going?
Joe: We are doing pretty well. We now have a small tight bunch, whereas back in the day we were loose and plentiful.
We learned our lesson from that the hard way.
HP: What is the best reason for being a Hammerskin, and what image are you trying to portray to young kids just starting out?
Joe: I believe that the best reason for being a Hammerskin is the higher standards that we demand. I'd like the kids to see Hammerskins as the ultimate achievement. Not those fucking scumbags claiming to be White Power but all fucked up on dope and looking and hanging with non-whites as evidenced in California at our last show there. We cannot move forward as a movement if the youth does not learn from us and take up our higher morals and values. We ARE the elite, there is no doubt about that. But if we are to flourish and continue, we NEED the youth. They are our future.
4
HP: Has the band played any local events, and if so, what
HP: Wtll we see anything else put out by Hammerskin Records in the future aside from Pure Rampage?
Joe: Oh yeah, definitely. Unless the FBI decides to shut this one down too. But that's not too likely. We are looking to put out a 7" in the near future. One side Hammer-skin songs, the other cover tunes. We will try to get started on that at the beginning of next year.
HP: I noticed that Arizona Is only 3% Nigger. What other prob-1 lems does Arizona have to deal with?
Joe: The spies here very prevalent but they know to stay away. Arizona has been known as a racist state and seems to flourish by it. We are very segregated here in Phoenix but the main problem is ZOG. We just found out a few weeks ago they are still watching us and haven't stopped. Oh well, fuck em!
HP: What kind of reactions have you been getting since the release of the new CD?
Joe: Good, mostly. I have heard
that alot of people have "to get used to my vocals." That doesn't bother me really though. I haven't heard any bad reviews of it, at least. It's kinda wierd that the songs we thought everybody would like and would talk about haven't been mentioned at all. Guess that shows how much we really know!
HP: What's a typical weekend in Arizona like?
Joe: Hmmm, that's a tough one. I'll tell you what I do. After work on Friday I usually head to band practice. We invite everyone to hang out there or go to another Ham-merskin's place to hang their. Sometimes we go to shows and create chaos and disruption. We can never let that part of the skinhead life go away for good! Days are usually going out to the desert shootin' or just hangin with our kids. Saturday nights are pretty much the same as Friday nights. Where ever there is trouble or fun to be had, we are there.
HP: How do you feel about the Racialist music scene going into different styles of music like: Metal, Death Metal, Hardcore, Industrial, etc..?
Joe: I like it. I'm really not into some of those other styles but we can't forget the main reason of racial music. And I think alot of people have lost sight of that. It is, in my opinion, for recruitment purposes. What other medium can reach more of an audience than music? We can reach more of a variety of people if there is more of a variety of music that different people listen to. On the other hand. I'm not into nigger music. I think that if there are any WP nigger soundin shit, that it is a joke.
HP: If your house caught on fire, what albums would you grab before dashing out the door?
Joe: The 800 Pure Rampage CD's sitting on my bedroom floor. Then I'd have to throw all 20 of my CD's in one of the boxes.
HP: How do you feel about traitors and sell-outs such as T.J. Leydon within the movement?
Joe: I think they are pathetic losers. Can't make it in any circles of the movement so they sell out. I mean he can't even get into one of those scumbag groups in California?? I knew TJ and he was just as bad in person as he appears on TV. I remember once he tried to start a renegade chap ter and it was brought to his attention that we knew ...he literally was shakin in his boots! Fucking punk!
HP: Will our readers be able to catch Pure Rampage on the road? Any plans to tour Europe? Joe: I hope so. The only plans we have as of yet nationally is November in Dallas. If anybody ever wants us to play anywhere all we need is to be asked. We have begun to make some arrangements, though for Germany this winter. That is still tentative. Hopefully it all works out.
HP: How do you feel about comrades such as Scott Stedeford of "Day of the Sword" who not only sang about resistance, but acted on his words?
Joe: I admire people like that. Scott has the utmost respect from us here in Arizona
HP: Arizona Is known for having the best looking women. You think maybe we can get some of them imported here to Arkansas?
Joe: NO! Sorry. Then you guys will be known for having the best looking women. And we have worked long and hard for that title. Too hard to just give it up. We do share with our Hammerskin brothers if that helps any.
HP: What are your thoughts on the future of our movement?
Joe: I think we are stagnant now and if more people do not rise up and take a stand we will be stagnant even longer. Then someday we will have been forgotten and not taken seriously as a threat to ANYTHING. Also, I've been seeing lots of compromise within our movement. That will only bring us down to.
HP: Closing comments...
Joe: Stay strong and Hail the Hammerskin Nation!
Vocals - Joe
Bass - Walt	Send $12 far the latest release from
Drums - Dart Pure Rampage - PO Box 31831 Guitar - Bryan Phoenix, Arizona 85046
5
S.C.H.S. SLANDERED ON MORNING T.V.
SYDNEY Steve Leedman. host of Channel Nine's morning news program "TODAY" proved he will not let the truth get in the way of a story.
On Wednesday the 28th of August on the "TODAY" program. Leedman conducted a satellite interview with one TOM LEYDON. Lcydon claimed that he was an ex-member of an American HAMMER SKIN cell who had seen the error of his ways and now, tvorking with the WIESENTHAL CENTER, endeavors to expose and destroy the HAMMERS KIN NATION. Tom Levdon then went on to SLANDER and DIS-HONOUR the Melbourne Area Southern Cross Hammer Skinheads, as well as the rock band FORTRESS.
	Tiri-State Terror
TXAimELCOP	arj^w^m mm m ■ Xf■ ■ x^ ■ ■ I X^ 1
CAP AWsJJr”	Hv )«*r .i tMi.flr*!
	I'RI-SIATK 1 KKKOK
	m 1*0 BOX 92X
	M KOI |>S»l R(i. P\ IK*bl>
	
	
RESISTANCE RECORDS RAID & UPDATE	
•Leydon claimed that Southern Cross Hammer Skin planned to take over the Australian Government. THIS IS A LIE, as Southern Cross Hammer Skin believes in tangible goals which can be achieved here and now for the good of our people.
•Levdon suggested that Southern Cross Hammerskin uses unscrupulous methods to recruit young Australians as new members. THIS IS A LIE. Southern Cross Hammer Skin does not recruit anybody. Only friends and acquaintances of S.C.H.S. are invited to apply for membership.
• Levdon suggested that Southern Cross Hammer Skin members were "street thugs". THIS IS A SLANDEROUS LIE. All S.C.H.S. members are hardworking, honest and loyal Australians. No dis-honest, selfish or crass behavior will be tolerated within the ranks. Absolutely no S.C.H.S. members uses illegal drugs and sobriety is encouraged LEYDON, WIESENTHAL & LEEDMAN have tried to dis-credit Southern Cross Hammer Skin in the eyes of the Australian public.
S.CH.S. WILL BE JUDGED BY OVR DEEDS, YET LEYDON, WIESENTHAL A LEEDMAN HAVE BEEN JUDGED BY US!
At approximately ten o'clock on the morning of Wednesday, April 9th, 1997 the main office of Resistance Records Incorporated had its front door kicked in by a team of heavily armed police. Elements of the Michigan State Police and Oakland County Sheriffs Department crashed into the rural house used as the company's headquarters in Highland, Michigan and leveled their shotguns at the head of an un-armed and surprised Resistance Records staffer...ordering him to the floor.
A copy of a lengthy 33 page warrant was served by the police who then busied themselves by ransacking the premises. Local neighbors came out of their homes and curious reporters arrived in time to observe the officers loading box after box of computer equipment, documents, mag azines, compact discs and cassettes onto a U-Haul truck which the authorities had rented for the occasion. After approximately six hours, the police left, taking with them the company's music inventory, it's software, and the majority of its financial records. These police officers, acting on orders from "BigBrother", executed this seizure report-
fm sworn to protect m>( people, and for that I'm crucified! I live for m'f race and for m>( race, I
will die! -Hammer 3oe F-ovtan
Oct 1,1972 - Oct 1,1994
edly for a discrepancy involving "Michigan State Sales Tax".
Resistance Records has been doing business out of Michigan since its incorporation there in 1993. The majority of the company's founders are Canadians who had to set up the business in the United States because Canadian citizens aren't protected under a constitution that respects free speech. From the outset, and because of the nature of the product that is produced and distributed by the company, the founders of Resistance Records realized that their business, would be "under the microscope" and scrutinized by government agencies who take their cues from certain "special interest groups". Therefore, the company always endeavored to ensure that business was conducted "by the numbers" in accordance with Federal and State laws. The company had even gone so far as enlisting the aid of a professional, commercially available accountant to assist with taxes.
The above mentioned tax discrepancy could easily have been straightened out with a simple phone call, fax or a visit by a tax representative. The company certainly would have complied with an audit and any money owed would have been paid immediately. Apparently the System had something else in mind. Any other business would have been contacted by the means mentioned above. It doesn't take a "rocket scientist" to figure out that the seizure was a move to gather names and addresses from the company's mailing list. Obviously, the collection of the company's inventory was done in an effort to shut down Resistance Records for good.
At exactly the same time as the raid in Michigan, a raid and seizures conducted by the Ontario Provincial Police took place at the home of Resistance staffers in Windsor, Canada. The Canadian police had a warrant consisting of over 100 pages. Allegations of "inciting racial hatred" and "conspiracy to commit genocide" were presented, however no arrests have been made thus far. The company has gotten it's merchandise and computers back with some expensive legal aid.
In this day and age, police actions prompted by irresponsible government officials are not an uncommon occurrence. Whether one agrees or disagrees with the views presented by Resistance Records... the bottom line is that this is clearly an attempt to stifle free speech. If this sort of thing can happen to a music company which operates above ground in a legitimate fashion... then no one is safe.
Journalists, news agencies and publishers are invited to contact Resistance Records representatives through its voice mail hotline or by writing to the address listed below. Additionally, the above mentioned raids have delayed the processing of our customer's orders. If you are a customer who has questions regarding an order, please contact us immediately. Those individuals who wish to assist the company with its legal expenses are invited to do so. We ask that only donations in the form of checks or money orders be sent. Please make donations payable to "Resistance Records Legal Defense Fund" and mail to:
RESISTANCE RECORDS P.O. BOX 24700 DETROIT, MI 48224 USA Voice mail: (313) 438-1440 Fax: (248) 669-9482
Hammer Skin
(Max Resist)
All eyes are upon you, You're ahead of you're time, You're a Nation in exile, Hammer Skins on the rise. Fighting for racial freedom, The salvation of your kind, Nothing can deter you, Hammer Skin Nation rise.
You’Ve made your commitment, Your mission is defined,
With your code of honor, You’re a Hammer Skin on the rise. ? -V All points of the compass, “It's the world this time,”
. - Australia and Europe,
All Hammers combined.
I know the secret and we have ■ the key,yi:
The answer Is clear It's White # Unity! fell
HAMMER SKIN WEB SITES
http:/Avww.ozeniail.com.auA-clanmcl/ http://www.angelih^com/w^ http://home.attnet/~wpsh8814/ http://www.wfaitepower.com/gennany/
"This country with its institutions, belongs to the people who inlia6it it. Whenever they shaft grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it or their revolutionary right to dtsmemher or overthrow it.n -Jihraham Lincoln	^	■
The concept of Leaderless Resistance was proposed by Col. Ulius Louis Aznoss, who was the founder of International Service of information Incorporated, located in Baltimore, Maryland. Col. Amoss lied more than fifteen years ago, but during his life was a tireless opponent of communism, as well as a skilled Intelligence Officer. Col. Amoss first wrote of Leaderless Resistance on April 17,1962. His theories of organization were primarily directed against the threat of eventual Communist take-over in the United States. The present writer, with the benefit of having lived many years beyond Col. Amoss, has taken his theories and expounded upon them. Col. Amoss feared the Communists. This author fears the federal government. Communism now represents a threat to no one in the United States, while federal tyranny represents a threat to everyone . The writer has joyfully lived long enough to see the dying breaths of communism, but may, unhappily, remain long enough to see the last grasps of freedom in America.
In the hope that, somehow, America can still produce the brave sons and daughters necessary to fight off ever increasing persecution and oppression, this essay is offered. Frankly, it is too close to call at this point Those who love liberty, and believe in freedom enough to fight for t are rare today, but within the bosom of every once great nation, there remains secreted, the pearls of former greatness. They are there. I have looked into their sparking eyes; sharing a brief moment in time with them as I passed through this life. Relished their friendship, endured their pain, ind they mine. We are a band of brothers, native to the soil gaining strength one from another as we have rushed head long into a battle that all the weaker, timid men, say we can not win. Perhaps...but then again, perhaps we can. It's not over till the last freedom fighter is buried or imprisoned, or the same happens to those who would destroy their freedom.
Barring any cataclysmic events, the struggle will yet go on for years. The passage of time will make it clear to even the more slow among us that the government is the foremost threat to the life, and liberty of the folk. The government will no doubt make today's oppressiveness look like grade school work compared to what they have planned in the future. Meanwhile, there are those of us who continue to hope that somehow the few can do what the many have not. We are cognizant that before things get better they will certainly get worse as government shows a willingness :o use ever more severe police state measures against dissidents. This .-.hanging situation makes it clear that those who oppose state repression must be prepared to alter, adapt, and modify their behavior, strategy, and tactics as circumstances warrant. Failure to consider new methods and implement them as necessary' will make the government's efforts at suppression uncomplicated. It is the duty of every patriot to make the tyrant's life miserable. When one fails to do so he not only fails himself, but his people.
With this in mind, current methods of resistance to tyranny employed by those who love our race, culture, and heritage must pass a litmus test of soundness. Methods must be objectively measured as to their effectiveness, as well as to whether they make the government's intention of repression more possible or more difficult. Those not working to aid pur objectives must be discarded or the government benefits from our
failure to do so. As honest men who have banded together into groups or associations of a political or religious nature are falsely labeled "domestic terrorists" or "cultists" and suppressed, it will become necessary to consider other methods of organization—or as the case may very well call for non-organization. One should keep in mind that it is not in the government's interest to eliminate all groups. Some few must remain in order to
perpetuate the smoke and mirrors vision for the masses that America is a "free democratic country" where dis-sent is allowed. Most organizations, however, that possess the potential for effective resistance will not be allowed to continue. Anyone who is so naive as to believe the most powerful government on earth will not crush any who pose a real threat to that power, should not be active, but rather, at home studying political history.
The question as to who is to be left alone and who is not, will be answered by how groups and individuals deal with several factors such as: avoidance of conspiracy plots, rejection of feeble minded malcontents, insistence upon quality of the participants, avoidance of all contact with the front men for the federals-the news media-and, finally, camouflage (which can be defined as the ability to blend in the public's eye the more committed groups of resistance with mainstream "kosher" associations that are generally seen as harmless.) Primarily though, whether any organization is allowed to continue in the future will be a matter of how big a threat a group represents. Not a threat in terms of armed might or political ability, for there is none of either for the present, but rather, threat in terms of potentiality. It is potential the federals fear most Whether that potential exists in an individual or group is incidental. The federals measure potential threat in terms of what might happen given a situation conducive to action on the part of a restive organization or individual. Accurate intelligence gathering allows them to assess the potential. Showing one's hand before the bets are made, is a sure wav to loose.
W
The movement for freedom is rapidly approaching the point where for many people, the option of belonging to a group will be nonexistent. For others, group membership will be a viable option for only the immediate future. Eventually, and perhaps much sooner than most believe possible, the price paid for membership will exceed any perceived benefit But for now, some of the groups that do exist often serve a useful purpose either for the newcomer who can be indoctrinated into the ideology of the struggle, or for generating positive propaganda to reach potential freedom fighters. It is sure that, for the most part, this struggle is rapidly becoming a matter of individual action, each of its participants making a private decision in the quietness of his heart to resist: to resist by any means necessary. It is hard to know what others will do, for no man truly knows another man's heart. It is enough to know what one himself will do. A
Failure to consider new methods and implement them as necessary will make the government's efforts at suppression uncomplicated It is the duty of every patriot to make the tyrant's life miserable.
When one fails to do so he not only fails himself, but his people.
8
great teacher once said "know thyself." Few men really do, but let each of us, promise ourselves, not to go quietly to the fate our would-be masters have planned.
The concept of Leaderless Resistance is nothing less than a fundamental departure in theories of organization. The orthodox scheme of organization is diagrammatically represented by the pyramid, with the mass at the bottom and the leader at the top. This fundamental of organization is to be seen not only in armies, which are of course, the best illustration of the pyramid structure, with the mass of soldiery, the privates, at the bottom responsible to corporals who are in turn responsible to sergeants, and so on up the entire chain of command to the generals at the top. But the same structure is seen in corporations, ladies' garden clubs and in our political system itself. This orthodox "pyramid" scheme of organization is to be seen basically in all existing political, social and religious structures in the world today from the Federal government to the Roman Catholic Church. The Constitution of the United States, in the wisdom of the Founders, tried to sublimate the essential I dictatorial nature of pyramidal organization by dividing authority into three: executive, legislative and judicial.
But the pyramid remains essentially untouched.
This scheme of organization, the pyramid, is however, not only useless, but extremely dangerous for the participants when it is utilized in a resistance movement against state tyranny. Especially is this so in technologically advanced societies where electronic surveillance can often penetrate the structure revealing its chain of command. Experience has revealed over and over again that anti-state, political organizations utilizing this method of command and control are easy prey for government infiltration, entrapment, and destruction of the personnel involved. This has been seen repeatedly in the United States where pro-government infiltrators or agent provocateurs weasel their way into patriotic groups and destroy them from within.
In the pyramid type of organization, an infiltrator can destroy anything which is beneath his level of infiltration and often those above him as well. If the traitor has infiltrated at the top, then the entire organization from the top down is compromised and may be traduced at will.
An alternative to the pyramid type of organization is the cell system. In the past, many political groups (both right and left) have used the cell system to further their objectives. Two examples will suffice. During the American Revolution "committees of correspondence" were formed throughout the Thirteen colonies.
Their purpose was to subvert the government and thereby aid the cause of independence. The "Sons of Liberty”, who made a name for themselves dumping government taxed tea into the harbor at Boston, were the action arm of the committees of correspondence. Each committee was a secret cell that operated totally independently of the other cells. Information cm the government was passed from committee to committee, from colony to colony, and then acted upon on a local basis. Yet even in these bygone days of poor communication, of weeks to months for a letter to be delivered, the committees without any central direction whatsoever, were
It goes almost without saying that Leaderless Resistance leads to very snutU or even one man cells of resistance Those who join organizations to play ”let's pretend” or who are "groupies” will quickly be weeded out While for those who are serious about their opposition to federal despotism, this is exactly what is desired.
remarkable similar in tactics employed to resist government tyranny. It was, as the first American patriots knew, totally unnecessary for anyone to give an order for anything. Information was made available to each committee, and each committee acted as it saw fit A recent example of the cell system taken from the left wing of politics are the Communists. The Communist, in order to get around the obvious problems involved in pyramidal organization, developed to an art the cell system. They had numerous independent cells which operated completely isolated from one another and particularly with no knowledge of each other, but were orchestrated together by a central headquarters. For instance, during World War H, in Washington, it is known that there were at least six secret Communist cells operating at high levels in the United States government (plus all the open Communists who were protected and promoted by President Roosevelt), however, only one of the cells was rooted out and destroyed How many more actually were operating no one can say for sure.
The Communist cells which operated in the U.S until late 1991 under Soviet control could have at their command a leader, who held a social position which appeared to be very lowly. He could be, for example, a busboy in a restaurant, but in reality a colonel or a general in the Soviet Secret Service, the KGB. Under him could be a number of cells and a person active in one cell would almost never have knowledge of individuals who are active in another cell. The value of this is that while any one cell can be infiltrated, exposed or destroyed, such action will have no effect on the other cells; in fact, the members of the other cells will be supporting that cell which is under attack and ordinarily would lend very strong support to it in many ways. This is at least part of
the reason, no doubt, that whenever in the past Communists were attacked in this country, support for them sprang up in many unexpected places.
The efficient and effective operation of a cell system after the Communist model, is of course, dependent upon central direction, which means impressive organization, funding from the top, and outside support, all of which the Communists had Obviously, American patriots have none of these things at the top or anywhere else, and so an effective cell organization based upon the Soviet system of operation is impossible.
Two things become clear from the above discussion. First, that the pyramid type of organization can be penetrated quite easily and it thus is not a sound method of organization in situations where the government has the resources and desire to penetrate the structure; which is the situation in this country. Secondly, that the normal qualifications for the cell structure based upon the Red model does not exist in the U.S. for patriots. This understood, the question arises "What method is left for those resisting state tyranny?" The answer comes from Col. Amoss who proposed the "Phantom Cell" mode of organization. Which he described as Leaderless Resistance. A system of organization that is based upon the cell organization, but does not have any central control or direction, that is in fact almost identical to the methods used by the Committees of Correspondence during the American Revolution Utilizing the Leaderless Resistance
concept, all individuals and groups operate independently of each other, and never report to a central headquarters or single leader for direction or instruction, as would those who belong to a typical pyramid organization.
At first glance, such a type of organization seems unrealistic, primarily because there appears to be no organization. The natural question thus arises as to how are the "Phantom cells" and individuals to cooperate with each other when there is no intercommunication or central direction? The answer to this question is that participants in a program of Leaderless Resistance through phantom cell or individual action must know exactly what they are doing, and how to do it. It becomes the responsibility of the individual to acquire the necessary skills and information as to what is to be done. This is by no means as impractical as it appears, because it is certainly true that in any move-1 ment, all persons involved have the same general outlook, ore acquainted with the same philosophy, and generally react to given situations in similar ways. The pervious history of the committees of correspondence during the American Revolution show this to be true.
Since the entire purpose of Leaderless Resistance is to defeat state tyranny (at least insofar as this essay is concerned), all members of phantom cells or individuals will tend to react to objective events in the same way through usual tactics of resistance. Organs of information distribution such as newspapers, leaflets, computers, etc., which are widely available to all, keep each person informed of events, allowing for a planned response that will take many variations. No one need issue an order to anyone. Those idealist truly committed to the cause of freedom will act when they feel the time is ripe, or will take their cue from others who precede them. While it is true that much could be said against this type of structure as a method of resistance, it must be kept in mind that Leaderless Resistance is a child of necessity. The alternatives to it have been show to be unworkable or impractical. Leaderless Resistance has worked before in the American Revolution, and if the truly committed put it to use for themselves, it will work now.
It goes almost without saying that Leaderless Resistance leads to very small or even one man cells of resistance. Those who join organizations to play "let's pretend" or who are "groupies" will quickly be weeded out. While for those who are serious about their opposition to federal despotism, this is exactly what is desired.
From the point of view of tyrants and would be potentates in the federal bureaucracy and police agencies, nothing is more desirable than that those who oppose them be UNIFIED in their command structure, and that every person who opposes them belong to a pyramid type group. Such groups and organizations are an easy kill. Especially in light of the fact that the Justice (sic) Department promised in 1987 that there would never be another group that opposed them that they did not have at least one informer in. These federal "friends of government" are intelligence agents. They gather information that can be used at the whim of a federal D. A. to prosecute. The line of battle has been drawn. Patriots are required therefore, to make a conscious decision to either aid the government in its illegal spying, by continuing with old methods of organization and resistance, or to make the enemy's job more difficult by implementing effective countermeasures.
Now there will, no doubt, be mentally handicapped people out there who, while standing at a podium with an American flag draped in the background, and a lone eagle soaring in the sky above.
will state emphatically in their best sounding red, white, and blue voice, "So what if the government is spying? We ore not violating any laws." Such crippled thinking by any serious person is the best example that there is a need for special education classes. The person making such a statement is totally out of contact with political reality in this country, and unfit for leadership of any thing more than a dog sleigh in the Alaskan wilderness. The old "Bom on the fourth of July" mentality that has influenced so much of the American patriot's thinking in the past will not save him from the government in the future. "Reeducation" for non-thinkers of this type will take place in the federal prison system where there are no flags or eagles, but abundance of men who were "not violating any law."
Most groups who "unify" their disparate associates into a single structure have short political lives. Therefore, those movement
leaders constantly calling for unity of organization rather than the desirable unity of purpose, usually fall into one of three categories.
They may not be sound political tacticians, but rather, just committed men who feel unity would help their cause, while not realizing that the government would greatly benefit from such efforts. The Federal objective, to imprison or destroy all who oppose them, is made easier in pyramid organizations. Or perhaps, they do not fully understand the struggle they are involved in and that the government they oppose has declared a state of war against those fighting for faith, folk, freedom and constitutional liberty Those in power will use any means to rid themselves of opposition. The third class calling for unity and let us hope this is the minority of the three, are men more desirous of the supposed power that a large organization would bestow, than of actually achieving their stated purpose
Conversely, the last thing Federal snoops would have, if they had any choice in the matter, is a thousand different small phantom cells opposing them. It is easy to see why. Such a situation is an intelligence nightmare for a government intent upon knowing everything they possibly can about those who oppose them. The Federals, able to amass overwhelming strength of numbers, manpower, resources, intelligence gathering, and capability at any given time, need only a focal point to direct their anger. A single penetration of a pyramid type of organization can lead to the destruction of the whole. Whereas, Leaderless Resistance presents no single opportunity for the Federals to destroy a significant portion of the Resistance
With the announcement by the Department of Justice (sic) that 300 FBI agents formerly assigned to watching Soviet spies in the US (domestic counter intelligence) are now to be used to "combat crime", the federal government is preparing the way for a major assault upon those persons opposed to their policies. Many anti-government groups dedicated to the preservation of the America of our forefathers can expect shortly to feel the brunt of a new federal assault upon liberty.
It is clear, therefore, that it is tune to rethink traditional strategy and tactics when it comes to opposing a modem police state. America is quickly moving into a long dark night of police state tyranny, where the rights now accepted by most as being inalienable will disappear. Let the coming night be filled with a thousand points of resistance. Like the fog which forms when conditions are right and disappears when they are not, so must the resistance to tyranny be.
Editors Note: This essay was written by Louis Beam tn 198$ and published at that time. Republished above tn The Seditiomst 1992.
warning: It's dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
10
Occasionally we’ll interview correspondents from through out the Nation to enlighten our readers on activities in different regions of the World. (Due to difference In languages, some text maybe edited for better understanding) Our friendship has formed a bond of Global Unity!
The following interview is with Mirko from Sachsen, Germany.
the part of Germany, which is called Sachsen. This why our name is Saxon Hammers.
HP: Tell us a bit about yourself, and how the chapter formed. MH: Ok, my name is Mirko. I'm now 22 years old. I started to be skin 8 years ago. Yes, 1 was 14 to this time. It was also the time, when Germany was reunited. I was a member in some political partys, but they dont give what I want. Then was my idea to found a German part of the Hammer* Skin Nation. And so in 1993 I found our chapter the Sachsen HammerSkins (Saxon Hammer-Skins I think in English). In begin we was not many members, but we want to be more to more in every year. But our slogan is "Quality not quantity!" I live in is the region near Dresden, that's
HP: What chapters exist in Europe, and which is the oldest?
MH: Now exist chapter in Italy, Switzerland, Netherlands, Germany, Czech Repub-lik, Slovakia, and in future also in Spain. The first chapter in Europe was the chapter of Irish HammerSkins, but they don't exist Now is the oldest exist chapter the Swiss Section. But the German Chapter is also divided in the regional sections.
HP: Do the German police harass the Saxon Hammer skins?
MH: Yes. The police and ZOG this is here in Germany the main problem. They search the homes of any members every year. Me for example this year 2 times and this was the 7th searching of my flat We have here in Germany very hard laws against NS activists and nationalists. And here in Saxon, some laws are harder then in the rest of Germany. We have no freedom of speech or so called Freedom, nothing.
We have a special police force, which called "Sonderkomision Rechtsextremismus" and they have a lot of money and very good technical support But they can not smash us. This make us harder then before! So long they fight against us, we know, that we are the enemies of this ZOG. They can not stop us! 60 ago it was really better here.
HP: How was the recent Ian Stuart memorial show?
MH: I can only tell you about the show in Hungary, because I was there. It was great to be there. Archivum, Nimrod, VerszerOdes from Hungary played there. Then Excal-ibur from Czech and English Rose from England. Also a new German band played 2 songs. The show and the location was really great It was good to meet so much comrades from all over the world. The bands played some Skrewdnver covers and follow we all made 1 minute of silence for lan. It was a good gig, but I liked it more in Germany... One week later as also a gig in Germany, but only with German bands. This was not so good concert, because the most people was some stupid...and I say on the stage "one minute of silence for Ian Stuart, Eric Banks and Joe Rowan", but no silence. I hate this stupid people. They want to be Skinhead and can not be one minute silence.
HP: Do you put out a zme? If so, how can our readers retrieve it?
MH: Yes. I make my zine called "HaSS Attacke" (Hate Attack) Now I finish my number 8. It's also the main German Hammer magazine. If the readers want to order, send me S7 (overseas) because the price for German post is fucking high. It's written just only in German, but in future I will also make a full English edition and in high quality layout! Check it out!! Write to my address at end of interview. I distribute also some shirts, CD's and other stuff for Racialist people!
HP: A European Hammer Skin meeting was held recently, ffhat was the outcome?
MH: We meet us any time in the year, because we must speak about our plans in future, wbat we want to do and so on. We can not speak about all on phone (Big brother watching you!), that's why we meet in person. We spoke about the new chapter Spain, our concert plans in next time and also about the new and harder rules and laws of European HS. This meetings are very important for our unity! Sorry, but I can not tell you all of outcome, because "Big brother”, you know. But you all see it in next tune. Surprise, a good surprise. So far...
HP: How do you feel about infighting and petty bickering that constantly affects our movement?
MH: I think this is fucking poison in our own movement. We all want the same. We have one aim. Why we fight against ourselves? This splits us. The jews want this so we are not one big unity or one big army...they split us in many small groups. Also I think, the most bickering is a result of some private conflicts which then made to politics. This is shit!! We have the same here in Germany. Some people have problems with any B&H (this is a separate Skinhead group) and then other people say, all Hammers hate B&H. This is fucking lie! For roe, all Hammers are also B&H. It's just the same! We are no member in B&H, but in our hearts we are also B&H. Stupid problems, is alL 1 hope that in future we are all united and together! This is what we need, a UNITY!! That's why I'm a Hammer, this is real brotherhood! One folk of brothers!
HP: What measures do you think we should take to control this?
MH: Private conflicts should not be made public. And a must know and really understand that we want one aim and we fight for the same. We have enough enemies. Let’s not fight against our own people. All must learn that unity is more then a word! In no other scene exists so much songs about UNITY, but in no other scene exists so much con* flicts between the folks! This is SHIT! We must stop this!
HP: 1 hear you have also formed a band? Can we expect anything in the future from this?
MH: Hehe, yes about my band... I found this because we need a full Hammer band here. Most bands in Germany are "Just for fun" and sing about beer, girls, and so on. Some political bands also exist, but NO Hammer band. That's why I've found this band. But now some problems with our drummer. He works 500km from here and comes only on weekend at home..shit. So I think we must wait and see what the future brings. But I give you my word, our band "HammerSchlag" will not die! Hey, we release next year some songs on Demo tape. Let's look for this.
HP: What Hammer Skin bands do we have in Europe at this time? MH: I think Corona Fenea is the one from Italy. In Spain some hammers found now a band. From Czech comes Excalibur and Vlajka.
From Slovakia comes Biely Odpor and Richly Napror. And in Germany we have now 2 bands (except my) from then some members who want to be Hammer. In Berlin, exists a band called "Crossed Hammers”, but they lost their drummer. Our Hammer music scene is still on begin!
HP: How do you feel about the Internet?
MH: In my opinion, this is a fucking good weapon in our hand. We can use it for our fight. It's a fast and good way to communicate with brothers. It’s also cheaper than phoning. We can exchange our ideas, texts, and photos very fast. With e-mail, you can send today so much. It is a real great thing! If I had no Internet I would not know as many people that I do now! But one bad thing is the controlling by ZOG or police. But I think in future we find a way to avoid this, you know?
HP: What's the best thing about being a Hammer Skin?
MH: For me, it is having big brotherhood and friendship with all my brothers and sisters. We are all the same, we want the same. One big people of brothers. Also good is for me, that Hammers are everywhere in the White world! Heil the HammerSkin Nation.
HP: Closing comments?
MH: Dont"believe what others say, make your own picture of the truth! Thanx for the interview, Shane! Good hick with the zinc. Greetings to all which me know! Special Greetings to Jason B. & Heathyr (CHS/ Florida), Scott & Michele (NHS Milwaukee), Joe (AHS & Pure Rampage), Warren (A.A.), Rene (Vinland Warriors CND), Tony, Rip and M I BB, Steve (Micctrap) and to all other brothers and sisters in the states! Heil der HammerSkin Nation! Hammer the way to victory!
For contact write to:
HP: 1 hear that Freikorps is no longer a Hammer Skin band? Can you comment on this?
MH: Yes this is true. The only Hammer in the band is the Bass player "Klappmeier.” Kai was kicked out from Hammers, because he told in some zines that he want to be hammer "Just for fun" or he only want to make music and so on. Also he made some non political stuff "Holsteiner Jungs” and our opinion is, "If you are a hammer, you are a hammer for life and you BE a hammer!” Why he made some nonpolitical shit? So the people from the north chapter told Kai, that he is no longer Hammer Skin. If you want I can send you the interviews in which he say, that Hammer Skin is nothing for him! We need only people which are 100% for the Hammers, not wankers....But Klappmeier is still a Hammer!
H.A. Service P.O. Box 33 01844 Neustadt Germany
E-mail: saxonhammers@hotmail.com shsl488@aol.com
Homepage: http://home. att.net/~wpsh8814/hass.html
The Prez and the Fort Bragg Swastikas
MP's: WeVe caught the soldier who sprayed those swastikas, Mr. Prez.
Prez:Wete going to get the evil! whit e racists wh o drove t his brave black s oi di er t o paint those swastikas.
Prez: Wete going to get the evil white racists who painted swastikas on these brave black soldiers'doors
Scott Stedeford
Soldier for God, Race & Nation
True warriors are a rare breed in our life time. It is thought by some that the heroes of our people are those of days gone by, men of folklore and legend. This is a sad state of affairs, for nothing so inspire others to act as the actions that we can witness today. Some of us in the movement were not around in the days of the Order, so when we read of their brave actions, and subsequent trials, we do not fully grasp its importance. None of us were around in the days of Jesse James, so the importance of his actions are lost in a haze of legend. We are even faced with the liars of the world trying to pervert history as to lead people to believe that some brave men never even existed, such is the case with St. George and the dragon. Although the tales of these brave men inspire us to dream of the days of valiant heroes, there is no connection to today. The needs of the people called for such steps, but it appears as though today these same actions are somehow inappropriate. Nothing could be further from the truth. And today we have a brave man that once again has shown us that the blood that flowed through the veins of the brave hearts of old, still runs hot through our veins today; that man, is Scott Stedeford.
Scott Stedeford is known to many today in the form of the band DAY OF THE SWORD. Not only is this band one of the movements best known bands, exceeding most other premier records in notoriety and quality, it is the result of Scott's lone work. As most of you I am sure are aware, Scott not only wrote most of the lyrics, he also sang almost all the lyrics (minus two songs). As well, he played all the instruments and produced the CD, Ear to Ear. In the Spring 1996 issue of WOLFPACK, Scott was asked if this was his ambition. He explains that it was not, but that his original band. Break the Sword, had broken up. True to his ancestry, he took the lead himself to carry on what he felt should be done. He says "I became frustrated and determined to get something out. So, I decided, rather then look for a new band. I'd change the name and
record all of the material myself."
Some say Scott is very talented in the area of music, I look at his life and conclude that this man is blessed.
Scott was also a driving force in the reemergence of THE VOICE. The second release by THE VOICE, entitled Rage, is a masterful piece of high energy battle music. And Scott's contribution is easily noticed. He plays a variety of instruments on the CD and helps with the vocals. When asked about Scott's contribution, the band stated "Because of Scott, RAGE' sounds the way it does. He gave us ideals for every song." Further they
stated about Scott, "Scott is a very talented professional staff, we will miss Scott as a musician and a friend and we anxiously await his release."
Scott seemed to leave an impression on all those whom he met. In articles about him and his alleged deeds, even article bent on slandering this warrior let it slip that Scott was a polite man, and well liked by even those whom he may not have shared the same goals with. I believe this is due to his life style. He was aware that we are sometimes the only example people may know of those who fight the good fight against tyranny. Towards the end of the interview in WOLFPACK, Scott is asked by what means can we best spread the message. His reply is one

we will see he headed in his own life He stated "Lead by example. All of us who feel deeply about these kinds of issues, have taken the time to research and study these areas, must act responsibly. Reject the current system wholeheartedly and live according to your beliefs. I feel it is the only way that you can grow as a person and eventually, collectively as a race. Research, study and constantly reassess and reaffirm your beliefs." Words of wisdom have never been better spoken, for who better to glean inspiration from then one who has acted. As we will see, not only did Scott stand out as a professional in the field of music, he also stands out, with the brave warriors of days gone by, in an arena of men who seldom turn words into action, even when it ultimately means our peoples demise.
Scott, if I may assume, must have come to the question we who are true will someday all ponder. Can I achieve anything on this earth that will benefit my people, without stepping out of the norm, with out taking up the sword against the eternal enemy of freedom? An action which will in itself mean ones demise, or imprisonment. Once you face the prospect of stepping out of the shadows, and calling the enemy on, surly you must conclude that your time in the arena will be a limited one But, never the less, the true man knows his life is but one, in a world of many. And that if he did not do his part, which ever way he saw foot, his children's children would curse his name. A warrior knows, deep down, that life is not for the individual, but for the people collectively If a man lives to prolong his own enjoyment, when his people are under the yoke of oppression, he is no man at all. I believe Scott knew this. And he put his faith into works.
Enter the ARYAN REPUBLICAN ARMY. I can recall, years back, reading in the controlled news media, about a serious of bank robberies that were carried out by a group of men the media dubbed the "midwestem bank rob-
13
bers". The name, of course, was due to the location of the alleged robberies. I remember the accounts vividly due to the hysteria caused by the actions of these modem day Jesse James types (a fitting comparison as not only did James live in the Midwest, but both parties actions were the result of desperation caused by the actions of the government, and a need to help their people). I remember how the feds were distraught at the mind games the Midwestern bank robbers were playing with them. It is said that the group would purchase ’’getaway" cars in the names of FBI men. Also, the gang would leave taunting letters in these cars. Even cartoons were left for the enjoyment of the feds, as well as letter sent to local papers. The system was going crazy when the robbers would disguise themselves with the masks of present and past presidents and wear the jackets of the FBI and ATF. Once the bombs which were left in the banks or the getaway cars were defused, if they were even real, the trail was usually cold. The system had no power over these men. And they knew it. Feds don't like being mocked, as they place themselves in the position of small gods. All told, it is said that the Midwestern bank robbers hit 22 banks, and looted a quarter of a million federal reserve notes (money), none of which was recovered.
The gang, who's real name was the Aryan Republican Army, even went about producing a propaganda video for others to follow entitled "The Aryan Republican Army presents: The Armed Struggle underground". The video was to be an introduction of sorts, to the group, and to be a primer for the revolutionary underground. The video depicts some of the ARA explaining the ideologies of the group. The video is full of biblical references and talk of armed struggle. Also mentioned is a disdain for the inaction of the militia groups, who seem to do little more then talk. The ARA even went so far as to throw in parody commercials. Unfortunately for us, it was never completed, so it will never be used for its expressed purpose.
The ARA lasted from late 92 to Dec. 95. At this point the weak links started to
snap. And the arrests started. It was the arrest of alleged members Peter Kevin Langan and Richard Lee Guthrie in February of 1996 that lead to the arrest of Scott and fellow skinhead and band member Kevin McCarthy. It was Guthrie that is said to have ratted out on Scott and Kevin. At the end of the ARA activities, Guthrie was being left out of further activities due to his unstable actions. Guthrie was arrested in Cincinnati in January of 96. Shortly after, he informed the Los Angeles Times that he was writing a tell-all
partner, and instead of leading police to Guthrie, he and Guthrie picked up where they left off. Eventually adding
Michael Brescia to the group.
After all the arrests were complete, it was a matter of time before the feds broke the weaker elements in the ARA As noted, Guthrie became a traitor, soon also did Kevin McCarthy. Michael Brescia, its said, denounced his views. But this does not seem the case to those who know him. The claim may stem from the civil case that has been launched against him by a family member of a victim of the Oklahoma city bombing. The claimant claims, among other things, that Brescia is John Doe #2.
Eventually Mark Thomas, of the Pennsylvania Posse, was called in for questioning. This reptile of an man began to sing almost immediately. It is being alleged that Thomas was in-
volved in at least the planning of some of the robberies.
Of all the cowards, traitors and screwballs involved in the history of the ARA, Scott stands out as a lion in a field of ravenous vultures. Scott, you see, was sentenced to 9 and a half years in his first trial for one of the robberies. He is scheduled to stand trial again this month on federal indictments. Through all this, through the trials and tribulations, Scott has remained true. His courage and his sense of duty has not
has lead by example. His actions show not only the eternal enemy of freedom our peoples potential to act, but it has
we can achieve.
To those nay-sayers who feel Scott's imprisonment is proof that God does not watch out over His children I will leave you with Scott's own words: If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. Psalms 139:8. And may I add Matt.5:10, Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness9 sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
Lets not forget Scott, nor any other brave man, living or dead, who has helped cast a thundering blow against the lofty towers of the adversary. One day, the foundations of those in high towers will give way, and we shall see freedom. Pray that day be soon.
book. Some time later he was found hanging in his cell. Authorities claim no one could have gotten at him in his cell.
We would wonder if the feds had a hand in it, as Guthrie and Langan were quite an embarrassment to them. It seems the feds had arrested Langan in 92 for helping Guthrie in robbing a Pizza Hut. It is claimed the feds let Langan go in order that he lead them to erated from the kings coffers, his out-Guthrie. Once out, Langan rejoined his come was a tremendous success for he
It is said that the group would purchase "getaway" cars in the names of FBI men. Also, the gang would leave taunting letters in these cars. Even cartoons were left for the enjoyment of the feds, as well as letters sent to local papers.
diminished, but, contrary, they have solidified.
In my correspondence with Scott, it is clear that he is more determined then ever to serve the will of the Father. One things is for sure, Scott is a man of God. He has been recruited into the army of Christ, and he did a yoa-mans job and he was victorious. For the outcome was not based on the amount of gold lib-
Stedeford, McCarthy and a man named once again reminded us of the potential
Aw-dawm
Show review by Anthony F. of the Plunder A Pillage website.
The bar was packed. Over 300 Skinheads in one place to see three of the hardest-hitting WP bands on the planet. Sounds great don't it?
Everyone's heard the stories about those wacky California skinheads that act more like MTV gangsta rappers than honorable men. You could feel the tension as soon as you entered the bar. The locals were out in force, and they brought their gang mentality, as I well as their dime-bags, with 'em. A couple people took the stage to appeal to the crowd's I decency as White people to have a peaceful, united gig. Even Tom Metzger made an appearance to dissuade any fights before they started. Funny, people even seemed to listen...
The first band to go on was Arizona's favorite Hammerskins, Pure Rampage. Their set was hard and energetic, and they sounded damn good considering the two brand new members who had to learn the songs in a few days.
The crowd was into it, mosh-mg to soon-to-be classics like Pure Oi! and even a sped up cover of the old Stars & Stripes number, Skinheads On The Rampage. The set was short, as they weren't actually on the bill to begin with and were able to play as an added bonus.
Next up were Hate Crime, an EH spin-off band. Before they went into their set, Warren from Aggravated Assault sang a few numbers while they backed him up. After Natural Bom Killer and a couple more classics. Hate Crime started their set. Super fast, punky
sounding songs in an old-school California style. Unfortunately I'm not familiar with any of their stuff since this was the first I've heard of’em, but their music was furious and thrilled the locals. They basically sounded like a faster version of Extreme Hatred, who were on next. Most of their songs were from the forthcoming new album, in the same hardcore style they're known for. Unfortunately I was kinda busy meetin' and greetin' so most of it was lost on me.
Finally the moment came for the best WP band on the planet. Bound For Glory took the stage and got right into it. The guys hardly fit on the small stage, with 5 members and big Ed leading the way. But they made do, and made everything look simple as they played through 4 songs, 2 of which were new, with ease. By this time most of the crowd was really into it and hoping to hear every song they could. I say "most of the crowd" because at 7 this point some so-called "skinhead" decided he * would lure a true skinhead outside,
where his friends proceeded to jump out from behind cars and from inside dumpsters (kind of fitting I would say) in order to stab him. Luckily this skinhead wasn't badly injured (guess the gangsta-skins had more important things on their minds, like beans and rice), but the show was quickly stopped as a large riot spilled out onto the California highway and the Gang Detail Unit was called in to start snapping pictures.
All in all the concert was pretty much a letdown. If a skinhead can't go to a WP show and feel at ease what hope is their? But at least my vacation was pretty rad. Thanks to Joe, Dart, Bryan, Walt, Donny, Jim, and Kristen from AZ, and Damon, Steve, Darren and everyone else we met out in CA (they’re not all bad).
Bound For Glory / Extreme Hatred / Hate Crime / Pure Rampage California, USA August 30th, 1997
15