THE KINGDOM NEWS REPORT
The Newsletter of the Christian Israel Fellowship of Virginia Pott Office Box 124, Sondaton, Virginia 23150
Mortuvrr, 1 Mill Appoint a place for my people, IsrAel, end will plant theta, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime. (II Samuel 7:10)	*
FEBRUARY 1988
God continues to bless us here in such tremendous ways. The response to tlu* u|)-eomi ng SPRING SEMINAR has been real good so we are looking forward to this with great anticipation. We have an excellent lineup <»1 speakers. They are: Pastors Pete Peters and Earl Jones, also Andrew Burns, James Bruggeman, Louis Hughes, Richard Messenger and Daryl Williams. Introductions to these men are found elsewhere in this leLter. The schedule is:
Friday April 1 - Monday April 4,1988
AT
BEST WESTERN (VIRGINIA INN)
Exit 1/ on ix off I-9b at U.S. 301 3 700 Chamber layne Avenue R i ehmond, V i rginia
CHRISTIAN ISRAEL FELLOWSHIP OF VIRGINIA
P resent s
t
" 1988 ! ? "
Registration starts at 3 P.M. Friday April 1st. The literature room will be open. This is a time to browse, see old friends and meet new one's. The seminar will be* called to order at 6:30 P.M. Each speaker will be introduced and each will give their testimony and i preview of their messages.
The children's department headed up by Sharol Hughes (wife of Louis Hughes) will be open Saturday and Sunday. It is for children up to 13 years old. Please, if there are ladies who will help in that area let us know it certainly will be appreciated.
A special time for young people with Pastors Peters and Jones will be lor those 13 and up.
There will be an opportunity for those wishing to be baptised and ve will have a Communion Service* Sunday during Worship Service.
The motel has a nice dining room and will have buffets for each meal We have requested "our type of food . There are also a number of other eating places in the area but hopefully we can 3.11 have the Sunday buffet together. That will be $8,95 (plus tax) and k price for children under 10.
for adults
Those who have already called in your reservations we thank you#
Others who will need reservations please call me as soon as possible# My number is 804-737 "1719. The rooms at the Best Western are; singles $32.00, twin doubles $38.00 (twin double has 2 double beds), the 3rd and 4th persons over 12 years $4.00 each, under 12 free. When you call tell me what type (single or double) room and when you will be arriving. Looking forward to seeing you there!!!
INFILTRATORS BEWARE ! by Steve Rossi
Do you infiltrators ever consider what you are doing to yourselves? First of all what do you hope to accomplish by working to stab your race in the back? Ask yourself this, would you trust yourself? What makes you think the persons you work for trust you? What do you think will happen to you when or if the persons you work for reach their objective in regards to destroying the white race? Efo you think they’ll want you around? After all, if you would betray your own kind you would do the same to anybody. Don’t think they don't know this about you. Once a slimy traitor, always a traitor ! They are smart enough to realize this and will prove that out! Infiltrator, you're nothing but a useful idiot to be used and thrown away !
A FEW ^COMMENTS I !
From Martha Andrews VOICE OF LIBERTY "The Revised Standard Version of the Bible made over 3800 alterations in the wording of scripture; many changes clarified meanings, but many others corrupted the fundamental doctrine of Christianity. These changes are so subtle that they go undetected by the casual reader. Any version which omits Acts 8:37, "I believe that Jesus Christ is the SON OF GOD," bears investigation" etc. There is much more!
It came to our attention recently that the TALMUD is in the library of LIBERTY UNIVERSITY in Lynchburg, Virginia (Jerry Falwell)
"IS THERE A FORD IN YOUR FUTURE? The ford Foundation LETTER (Oct. 1987) announced that it was giving $150,000 to Planned Parenthood of New York City and $50,000 to the pro-abortion Center For Population Options in Wash. D.C. for the M......
dissemination of a study assessing the operations and effectiveness of school-based clinics." Under the circumstances how can the study possibly be impartial? None of the 220 awards give by the foundation were to any organization remotely affiliated with pro-life causes." (From RIGHT TO LIFE Dec. *87 newsletter)
For 4 FKN each we have three most interesting articles. 2, The latest report on the Kennedy assassination and 3. Governor Evan Mecham's problems.
1. The facts about The story behind
AIDs.
Arizona
PETEK J. PETERS
Pastor Peter J. Peters is the pastor of the LaPorte Church Of Christ in LaPorte,GO. lie is evangelistic head of SCRIPTURES FOR AMERICA, a national outreach ministry dedicated to the preaching of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ upon the earth and revealing to the Anglo-Saxon Americans their true Biblical Identity.
Pastor Peters was raised on a cattle ranch in western Nebraska and is a graduate of the University of Nebraska School of Agriculture. He obtained his Bachelor of Science degree from Colorado State University in Ag-Business and Economics and has had a successful career with the United States Department of Agriculture.
Pastor Peters received his Bible education at the Chruch of Christ Bible Training School in Gering, Nebraska where after three years of study he received a Bachelor of Sacred Literature degree in Bible and Bible related studies.
He is a writer, columnist, radio speaker and editor of SCRIPTURES FOR AMERICA newsletter. He has authored numbers of books one that all Christians should read, THE GREATEST DISCOVERY OF OUR AGE. He has a sizable audio and video ministry and a radio program that reaches across the nation and into several foreign countries
Even though Pastor Peters and his wife Cheri (who also has a radio program) live with their two children in Colorado their ministry truly encompasses the nation.
EARL F. JONES
Pastor Jones is a retired missile engineer with 28 years experience in the missile field. He first started with the old V-2 program and participated in most of those firings. He then entered in the Guided Missile field by working on the Nike Ajax and Nike Hercules Air Defense Systems. He became the National Project Manager for Engineering Test for these two missile systems. He held a Top-Secret Security Clearance and worked very closely with the Intelligence activities of the U.S.
Armed Forces. Consequently, he has knowledge of the capabilities of many foreign governments. He has been a student of international geopolitics for over 30 years.
In World War II he was with General Patton*s Third Army from the beachhead in Normandy to the Elbe River. He was in the 35th Infantry Division and has battle stars for all six campaigns in the European Theater.
He is an ordained minister in the Church of Jesus Christ. His major ministry is speaking anywhere in the country he is called and teaching world secular and church history and current affairs and their relationship to the word of God, the Holy Bible.
Pastor Jones and his wife Mary Alice Ijave three grown sons, live in Neiw Mexico, writes and distributes the CHRISTIAN CRUSADE FOR TRUTH an Intelligence Newsletter.
ANDREW BURNS.
Hr, Andrew (Andy) hums is a in Biblical history relative junction with the Sabbatical
hible Scholar who has to prophecy of Israel and Jubilee cycles.
studied extensively as analyzed in con*
Andy has been aware of the Israel Heritage (Identity) message for many v>ars although it is only in the last few years that he has been speak* inr be 1 ore dit terent audiences. He conies out of a traditional mainline church background and currently resides in Commerce, Georgia.
His message is extremely timely when comparing current conditions to < ndt imo prophecy and events taking place daily. Mathematical analysis t-i Hiblical texts has provided Andy with some startling and astounding documentation which should prove of interest to all Christians.
This is a good place to quote from Pastor Peters Dec.?Jan. Newsletter SCR]PTUKES I'OR AMERICA. We quote: "WHY POSSIBLE DELIVERANCE IN 1988? Upon exaining the work of Bible chronologist scholar Andrew Burns9 I believe 1988 does fall on a Bible Jubilee. In fact, a very important Jubilee cycle. It is the 120th Jubilee from Adam and the Bible teaches the day of man was to be a 120 time cycle (Gensis 6:3). It is the 70th Jubilee from the deliverance of the Children of Israel from Egypt, the bOth Jubilee since the dedication of the temple and the 40th Jubilee since the annointing of Jesus.
Bible history shows a pattern of deliverance for Israel in Jubilee years. The miraculous deliverance of Jerusalem from surrounding armies of Sennacherib took place in a Jubilee year (II Kings 19) as did the deliverance at the Red Sea (Exodus 14).
Obviously, we do not know exactly what will happen, but I personally believe 1988 may be the year of the military invasion described in Ezekiel 38 and 39. I have just recently received information from a reliable military source who agrees with this thought.
Andrew Burns points to the end of April of 1988 as the possible time of Christ's return. Some will immediately quote Matthew 24:36 which says, 'No one knows the day or hour'. Yet, the Creek text for that verse is in the perfect tense, which means it could have been translated, 'no ijinj has known .
Recently, 1 visited wiLh a non-re 1igious man, who is an investor and has lor years studied repeating cycles such as economic and war cycles. He made the remark that all cycles come together May 1, 1988. He said that it scared him to imagine such energy forces all converging upon one point of time. When he shared his findings on this he was not aware of iny Bible thoughts.
FOR THE CHRISTIAN PEOPLE WHO KNOW THE IDENTITY TRUTH, let us be found as children of the light, faithfully trusting in our ROCK and REFUGE,11
4