V.
THE KINGDOM NEWS REPORT
The Newsletter of the Christian Israel Fellowship of Virginia
Pott Office Box 124, Sandston, Virginia 23150
Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell In a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime. (II Samuel 7:10)
Volume 1, Number 3	August, 1987
Happenings and Events
Finally, issue number 3 of our Kingdom News Report has been published and distributed. It took quite a while to complete this issue, especially with vacation schedules and other happenings affecting the production. As you will read elsewhere in this issue, our Annual Spring Seminar, held in May, was a very successful event. In the interim period of weeks since that Seminar, we have sponsored two mini-seminars which have proved very enlightening and educational. On June 20-21, Mr. Andrew Burns presented a 1^-day seminar on "The Study of Chronological History and Prophecy of Israel in Light of Sabbatical and Jubilee Cycles". Mr. Burns has spent extensive hours in research of the relationships of Sabbatical and Jubilee years to the events reflected throughout the ages. Mr. Burns stressed that Yahweh-God was one of perfection and uniformity and things and conditions do not just happen in a haphazard manner. Rather than to study the happenings of man, to ascertain and predict future events, Mr. Burns has prepared and listed a timetable of God, through which current and future situations can be studied. For those who could not attend this seminar, you may write to Andrew Burns at 201 Tara Place, Commerce, Georgia 30529, and request information on this subject.
The second seminar presentation featured Mr. Stan Rittenhouse on July 26th, who presented a program on the "Holocaust Memorial Museum" which is scheduled for construction near the Mall in Washington, D.C. It will be built on ^federal land* only a few hundred feet from the Washington Monument. During the Carter admtnis* tration, the American Congress bowed to Jewish power, pressure, and Influence, and passed a law establishing the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council whose explicit purpose was to create this museum in the nation^ capital. This will be built and maintained with taxpayer funds which is an affront to all Christian citizens of this country. It will be constructed in a "sinagogue* motif which will make It unsuitable for commemoration of non-jewish victims. Must we as Christians, in this Christian land, continue to perpetuate the holocaust lie which in turn arouses the sympathy of the sheep and feeds the coffers of the antivChrists?
Could this be the abomination spoken of by the prophets and mentioned in the Gospels? If this nation (America), is the new promised land, would not the capital of Washington, D.C. be the new Jerusalem?
Exciting things are happening during these days and future events will create and reveal even more startling news and conditions. This is truly the time to place your faith and future in the hands of Yahweh-God, realizing that you are safe and saved by the blood of His Son, our Lord Jesus Christ.
Awake Oh Israel! Awake Oh Israel! Our adversary is at the gates and within the walls. It is time to take on the armor of Yahweh as a Christian Soldier.
August 1<*87
The Kingdom News Report
Hooked upon a farm one day, That once I used to own,
The bam had (alien to toe ground. The Setts were overgrown
The home in which my children grew,
Where we had lived tor years— I turned to see R broken down, And brushed aside toe teari
I looked upon my soul one day, lb find*, too, had grown With (horns and thistles every-
Weeted Yeare
The years had passed while I had cared
For things of lesser worth;
The things of heaven I let go While minding things of earth.
The seeds neglect hed sown.
lb Christ I turned with bitter tears, And cried, “O Lord, forgive!
I haven't much time left for thee, Not many years to Itaa"
The wasted years forever gone, The days I can’t recall;
If I could Uve those days again, rd make him Lord of all
—Author unknown
v |
Defective Tapes?	*
It has come to our attention that some of the * tapes from the May seminar did not turn out, have this problem, please notify us. Thank you.
Thanks!
The 1987 Annual Spring Seminar, held In Richmond, Virginia was a great success for the Kingdom's work In this area. Our sincere thanks goes to each speaker who traveled great distances to bring us such Informative and powerful messages. We appreciate each one who helped and each one who attended. Each one In some way contributed to the success. Financially, we didn't do so well, but spiritually, we were tremendously blessed. Now we look forward to even more opportunities to spread God's word to his Israel people.
We ask each of you out there to remember us and the work here, in your prayers. Pray that God will give us knowledge, wisdom, and courage to obey Ephesians 6:10-18.
Jo Dawson, Coordinator Annual Spring Seminar
h ©ur
TIMOTHY F.
JOY
The weekend of May 24th was the Fellowship's Annual Spring Seminar (which Incidentally was roundly acclaimed a howling success) during which Col. Jack Mohr and Pastor Pete Peters (at least) proposed or legitimized the growing disfavor In the Movement with the name "Identity".
This is a result of much Inaccurate local and national news reporting, some of which I can personally attest to. Of course, most news reporters (most people), are remarkably 111-equipped and.who prefer to grind axes. We are In an unfortunate position; on one hand is the stigmata, but a name-change is a serious step Indeed.
Given the caliber of godly men concerned here, we must assume they understand what Is Involved, but I should spell it out for those who have not given the matter a lot of thought. Our "name" Is a distinctive designation (now a disparaging one to all Intents) that as well - in our culture - expresses our spiritual nature or essence. Brittanlca admits that a name,
"shares the essence of the person* alityPerhaps this Is why "a good name Is to be chosen rather than great riches". . . (Pr. 22:1) The danger I'm describing here Is that changing the name could re- * suit in a change to the very makeup of the Movement.
Col. Mohr used the alternative, "Heritage", because Israel Is the inheritance of YHWH (see: Micah 7:14-18; Joel 3:2, et al). I feel that this is an excellent, even a superior substitute for these reasons:
Its novelty invites the obvious question, "what does that mean?" I've seldom been asked the reason for the use of the word "Identity", since the first thing usually mentioned of our beliefs explains that. An explanation of YHWH's heritage would be necessarily detailed, but we should be familiar with that by this time.
The worst thing that could happen Is that someone might accidentally learn something about the scriptures from our answer, and, if they walk away, they didn't really want to hear anyway.
My Basic Psychology (H. H. Kend-ler, Appleton-Century-Crofts, 1963) tells me that "A message that Is consistent with what a person already believes will be more readily accepted than one which Is not." It Is a relatively simple task to say that we believe Christianity (without necessarily referring to race or nationalism) is YHWH's heritage. The unindoctrinated will protest that modern churchlanlty believes that, but we can show that they believe the Jews (their term) are God's heritage, Since 1 Peter 5:3
in the Authorized Version Is a mistranslation.
This would also fit In with the principle that "A message that clarifies an ambiguous subject or situation will be more effective than one concerning a situation already clearly defined." In modern churches, any subject Is ambiguous *except that the Jews are Tsrael.H This term then could possibly-give us a valuable psychological "in* for evangelism. Otherwise, the obvious “fact" that the Jews are Israel's alleged identity Is a disadvantage.
We also know that "messages that allow an audience to identify with people possessed of some prestige will be more effective..," This to roe suggests that "CHRISTIAN HERITAGE" would be more useful than "israel Heritage", We should face It, that first name gets a lot of bad press.
In fulfillment of Isaiah 65:15. So what happens when that name Is besmirched? It has been suggested that "posterity" Is a possible next step, though that's a bridge to cross later.
And for all those who needed to know, Oprah W1nfrey*s mother named her Orpah (Ruth 1*4). Perhaps a hospital employee was responsible for the spelling on the birth certificate, but had he known what we know today, he might have very simply changed the f to C.
The Kingdom News Report
Page 3
&
p n
2“	i
***	JR	1987
SfS ♦
Pray For A National Awakening- Wait For God!
Pastor Chuck Kuhler Christian Israel Fellowship of Virginia
America* as a nation* Is In serious trouble. Abortion, usury, miscegenation, crime, loss of freedoms and liberties, AIDS, cancer, drugs and narcotics, declining quality of education and our lifestyle In general, are all combining to give us a national sickness. We hear a great deal of rhetoric on this subject relative to curing part or all of these Ills, but for the most part they reflect moronic mentalities. Most of the oracles are looking for the answers In man and our society. No man Is going to be able to heal this nation and land, and that Includes the politicians and bureaucrats whom many are looking at for the solutions. In studying governmental performance and accomplishments In recent American history, you find very little that is comforting In alleviating any of these problems.
Then, there are those who are In the patriot movement and who wish to take an active part In seeking redress for the loss of our freedoms and liberties. Don't take me wrong, I love this nation which Yahweh has provided for his children, and I sympathize with the efforts of these patriots. However, they usually want to take some Imnedlate action and In essence force the hand of our Father Yahweh. Patience Is truly‘the virtue so stated In the proverbial phrase, and we must wait for our Heavenly Father to lead and show us the direction that he wants us to take. I believe that the first action that should be taken Is a dally prayer on the part of Israel Heritage Americans asking Yahweh for a National Awakening, Certainly, this was the direction taken under the old covenant when the prophets would stand and call for national repentence and a return to the Lord God of Israel. Obviously, at this time, Yahweh's people still do not feel the yoke tightly on their necks and have not reacted to the loss of freedoms and liberties. It will take Increased pressure and losses before our people will react to the lesson contained in II Chronicles 7:14: "If my people, who are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.* In this one verse. Is contained the-answers to all of our problems and afflictions. FATHER YAHWEH WILL FORGIVE OUR SIN AND HEAL OUR LAND.
The Israel Heritage (identity) beliefs have been coming under Increasing pressure and castigation from the traditional establishment churches. The report of the National Council of Churches, authored by Leonard Zesklnd of the Center for Democratic Renewal Is a prime example. It refers to Israel Heritage groups as becoming "Increasingly troublesome". I cannot think of any way that we are becoming Increasingly troublesome, unless they are upset about the fact that we are teaching and preaching the "truth". And of course, all of the fuss over the television evangelists and their doings does not help to alert the American people to the real danger, but rather causes serious attitude reflections on the value of churches which use tithes and offerings to construct amusement parks. I have diligently searched the scriptures but can find nothing which Indicates that Yahweh wants these tithes and offerings used for such purposes. In addition, the lifestyles of these television preachers leaves nothing to want and certainly does not emulate the lives of the apostles and early disciples.
In Increasing nunbers the Illegal aliens are flooding this once-Godly nation and creating a host of problems which we are bringing upon ourselves. The effort In many Instances, Is not to bring these people up to our living standards, but rather to bring us down to their standard of living. As a nation, we have literally thrown billions of dollars In all forms; food, machinery, credit, technical help, etc., down the foreign aid rat-hole and have accomplished nothing. We demean ourselves by groveling to third world nations Instead of acting In a manner suitable to Yahweh. In the future, these people and these nations will come to the House of the Lord for all manner of Instruction as the strangers and foreigners come to the mountain of Zion.
As a nation, our relationship with the God of our forefathers has suffered some calamities, and as a result, we have directly suffered. We, as Individuals can correct and accomplish nothing. We need the help and guidance of our God-Yahweh, to give us the victory and turn our nation around.
You will notice that In Increasing nunbers, our national leaders are becoming more concerned with AIDS, and you will most assuredly be reading and seeing more about this concern. It has graduated from being a homosexual Illness to now having serious affects on the heterosexual community. There Is no known cure and the fact that this virus can mutate Into 18 now known varieties may preclude the development of a successful vaccine or medical cure. Will this help to awaken our people to the fact that they have strayed from the protection of our heavenly Father?
The time for diligent prayer is now! We must awaken our Israelite brethren! We must pray and ask Yahweh to cause this national awakening and repentence. Remember, our God has a timetable for the future, and things will not happen until certain conditions are met. The verse from II Chronicles Illustrates what has to happen before Yahweh will act. Only repentence can avert greater calamities, but Yahweh has promised deliverance to his people and will hear their prayers.
"Let the priests, the ministers of the Lord, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, SPARE THY PEOPLE, 0 LORO, AND GIVE NOT THINE HERITAGE TO REPROACH, THAT THE HEATHEN SHOULD RULE OVER THEM. WHEREFORE SHOULD THEY SAY AMONG THE PEOPLE, WHERE IS THEIR GOO? (Joel 2:17)
Remember, we are most definitely going to be victorious in the long term. If Yahweh is with us, who can be against us? Now Is the time for prayer, not for taking some physical actions which are not In accordance with what Yahweh wants of us at this time. Pray this month for national awakening and repentence. Yahweh hears and answers prayer!
August 1987
The Kingdom News Report
h
fk V 0 fc# *
Schedule of Meetings and Services
CHRISTIAN ISRAEL FELLOWSHIP, P. 0. Box 109, Round Hill, Va. 22141 (meeting in Northern Virginia area)
Bible Study Meetings weekly (for information call: 703-338-6560)
CHRISTIAN ISRAEL FELLOWSHIP, P. 0. Box 124, Sandston, Va. 23150 (meeting in the Richmond, Virginia area)
Bible Study Meetings weekly (for information call: 804-737-1719)
August 16	- Communion Service, Pastor Chuck Kuhler, Sermon: When
Yahweh-God Leads Us Out of Babylon
September 13 - Communion Service, Pastor Chuck Kuhler
October 4	- Communion Service, Pastor Chuck Kuhler
"Fanners average net income in 1986 was $13,390 - which is about the same as the average government cost per farmer for the 1985 farm program." Copied from USA Today, by Agriculture Watchdog, Box 967, Hereford, Tx. 79045, $24/year.
HORIZONTAL
“The Pillsbury Baptist Bible College changed its interracial dating policy Wednesday in a response to a discrimination charge made by the State Dept, of Human Rights. They now no longer require parental permission for students to interracial ly date." Faith Baptist Church,
Dr. Everett Sileven, P.O. Box 249, Louisville, He. 68037
1	Son of Jacob; a boy who had a dream that came true 6 Sister of Lazarus
11	City of Chaldea; birthplace of
Abram
12	Smallest
14	Great grandson of Judah (I
Chron. 2:25)
15	Knowledge
16	Conspire together
17	“Chief ruler about David" (II
Sam. 20:26)
20	Slumbers
23	Common level
24	Serve
26 Bundle of grain 28 One of the chief men of the house of Benjamin (I Citron. 8:23)
30	A grade in ancient Irish tribal society
31	A hydrometer
32	Peeled
34	Brazen vessel in the tabernacle
36	Pronoun
37	Badness
39 Bird still found in the Jordan valley (Ibis)
41 Satan
43	Wander
44	A number
47 Bird of species that fed Elijah
49	Septuagint
50	Valley in Judah 52 Evening
54	Talk wildly
55	Expert swimming bird
56	That is
57	Province in Asiatic Turkey which
is still famous for its figs
58	Mooing
VERTICAL
1 Wife of Esau, a beautiful Hit-tite, of whom his father and mother disapproved
2	Conjunction
3	An ancient measure of cloth
4	Mountain to which Balak took
Balaam, to curse his enemies (Hum. 23 28)
5	Rabbits
6	Mountain
7	Deprive of
8	Pitfall
9	City of Mesopotomia (II Kings
18:34)
10	An apostle,—the brother of Simon Peter 13 King of the serpent race (Hindu myth)
18	Harvests
19	A prophetess (Luke 2:36)
21	Turpentine tree, very common in Palestine
22	Mother of Isaac 25 Ventured
27 Elevation of bodily temperature. Jesus healed the nobleman's son of it 29 At no time 31 Found 33 Prima donna
35	An asteroid disc which comes
nearer the earth than any other body except the moon
36	Speaks
38	The largest gland in the body 40 Levite 42 Even
45	Son of Shem
46	Ships
48 Place of Moses' death 51 Pronoun 53 Novel
55	South Atlantic State
56	Preposition
(fneMto&ul
See answers to puzzle on Page 7
*ust 1987
The Kingdom News Report
Page 3
DID IOU FIND ALL OF THE NAMES LISTED BELOW IN NOAH'S ARK?
DEHl	MONKEY
GIRAFFE	BEAVER
DUCK	RAVEN
DOG	FOX
CAT	LLAMA
RABBIT	CAMEL
TURKEY	DOVE
ELEPHANT	HAWK
CHICKEN	EAGLE
COW	SHEEP
BEAR	HIPPOPOTAMUS
HORSE	SNAKE
ZEBRA	DONKEY
GOAT	MOUSE
ROOSTER	LOCUST
OWL	OSTRICH
WORM	LIZARD
LION	TIGER
SWAN	BEETLE
PIG	CRICKET

The Kingdom News Report
THE SONO OF MOSES IS THE LIFE OF MOSES
By Elliott Germain
Israel's coming out of Egypt and wandering the wilderness are given as examples for the future generations of Israel (I Cor. 10:6). The life of Moses Is a personification of what God expects of the nation of Israel. In Revelations 15:3, those who had obtained victory over the beast were said to "sing the song of Moses" . . . "and the song of the Lamb". The words to these two songs are the events of these two lives.
The Pharaoh's persecution of the Hebrews called for every Israelite son born to be cast Into the river, but It was the river that delivered Moses to the arms of the Pharoah's daughter and to the palaces of Egypt. This was not done to destroy Egypt, but done to allow Moses to make the right decision In choosing the splendor and security of Egypt, or, his birthright. Moses fled Egypt alone, and personally found the God of Abraham. He then accepted the mission to speak the will of God to Pharaoh, concerning the "national deliverance" of the Hebrews, so that his people could act upon their faith In a "promised" land. After letting the Hebrews go, the Pharaoh had a change of heart and pursued after them Into the parted sea, which was as futile as throwing babies Into the river. Deliverance Is in the strength of the Lord.
The books and the life of Moses were for "national preparation"; they stopped short of delivering Israel to the promised land, thus ending "The Song of Moses". The next book In the Bible Is Joshua, the successor to Moses, the one to take Israel Into the promised land. The name Joshua Is the same as Yahshua, or Jesus, which means Jehovah-salvatlon; thus "the song of the Lamb", for what good Is the song of the law, without the song of the savior.
THE SONG OF MOSES
Turn from the wealth of Egypt,
To your people and their fate. Share the yoke of their burdens. And see Egypt as the weight.
Seek the solitude of a desert,
A burning bush to warm your heart; For you are for your people,
A kindred nation Is to start.
Stand before the Pharaoh,
Tell the promise that you know; "Instead of no straw for bricks. You'd better let my people go."
Join In the song of Moses,
Let the mighty trumpet sound.
The Lord, His strength triumphant. Pharaoh's captains drown.
A separated assembly.
Through grace and law afford, A voluntary offering;
HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
EDITORIAL
Mack Germain, Editor The Kingdom News Report
We, at the Christian Israel Fellowship, would like to thank everyone from the bottom of our hearts for a most successful seminar. It's thtngs like this that fuel us up and make us anxious to hurry and put another one together. We enjoyed all of the old favorites. Pastor Pete Peters, Pastor Earl Jones,
Col. Jack Mohr, and were especially captivated by some new additions; Pastor Mike Watson, Mr, Andrew Bums, Dr. Alvin Stjernholm, and Mr. Bob Wangrud.
It Is our hope that we will be able to find more affordable facilities In the future. Please have us in your prayers about this.
During the talk on the status Issue by Mr, Wangrud, It was brought up that having a social security number made a person a Communist. Though this has merit, I would have to say that It seemed to put salt In an open wound. After considering the situation, I would feel that a better description would be that we are political prisoners. Prisoners of an alien power other than the one set down for us In the Constitution, I would describe a prisoner as someone who doesn't spend each day In paranoia of the oppressor, by being afraid of being locked away each day of his life,
You could say, a type of slave, but the ones who boast about being a free citizen aren't so free when they are slaves to the day-to-day paranoia of being locked away, as compared to the prisoner that doesn't have to be concerned with such things, giving his freedoms to do other things that are important in our labors for Christ. The free man has his projects and the prisoner has his, but neither should criticize the other. Both are bound down in one way or the other, and freedom for one or the other will not come through a man-made plan, nor wjll bondage always be through a man-made system. The final freedom that man longs for Is only going to come when we as a nation repent and look to the God of Israel for redemption. For it Is He and only He that can say "Let ty People Go",
ust 198?
A----------
I look a piece of plastic day And idly fashioned it one day, And as my fingers pressed it still. It moved and yielded to my will.
I came again when days were past—
The bit of day was hard at last The form I gave it it still bore,
But I could change that form no more
I took a piece of living day And gently formed it day by day, And moulded with my power and art
A young chikfs soft and yielding heart
I came again when years were gone—
It was a man I looked upon;
He still that earty impress wore, And I could change him nevermore.
—Author unknown
A West German court has ruled that German bom Ernst Zundel, now living in Canada, may obtain a West German passport . . . Zundel, convicted In Canada of "publishing false news" (Zundel denies that the holocaust ever happened) won another victory when his conviction was over turned. Spotlight, 300 Independence Avenue, SE, Washington, DC 20003.
wmwmuib
12 S4HHH jKSiSii
W»M4 n«
The Kingdom News Report
Page 7
Commentaries From Here and There
Newspapers have announced that the F.B.I. has In place and operatingv recording machines that monitor telephone conversations and automatically record the conversations when certain "trigger words" are spoken. Also, engineers have revealed that just the telephone and household wiring alone can be used as antenna and you can be "voice Printed" and Identified. Likewise, your automobile wiring and other household appliances can also have enough residual magnetism to provide the "thought police" with access to your most private affairs. Truly, 1984 has come and gone, and we are living In the age of all the "horrors" mentioned In George Orwell's book by that name...wake up to the realities of the "space age", Israel. That's life In the U.S.S.A. From an article entitled "The Watchers", by Richard Kelly Hoe-kine. Portfolios Investment Advisory, P. 0. Box 997, Lynchburg, Va. 24505 -(subscription $150/year). Cormentary reprinted from the American Israelite Crusader, P.O. Box 272, Waynesville, N.C. 28786
To those who have been following the Irangate hearings, you will notice the lack of mention of the Israeli dealings in the arms transactions. It appears that our politicians do not want to offend the Israeli by revealing that our policy is not in sync with what the anti-Christ's monetary dealings are. You will also notice that while some mention was made of the "Rex 84" program, it was quickly hushed up as being a "confidential subject". After all, why reveal the surprise in detail of those "camps" being prepared for vacationing patriots and Christians.
You might consider writing a letter of support to Gov. Evan Mecham of Arizona. He has been under considerable pressure since abolishing the "Michael King Day" in his state. Also, while you are at your typewriter or have pen in hand, remember to write Pres. Reagan and request his pardon of former Congress man George Hansen. Or, you can call the White House at (202) 456*7639 and make your request known. These American patriots are in the forefront of the move to preserve this nation and need your support.
A reward of $2.4 million has been posted for the return of a live American prisoner of war from Southeast Asia. A group of 20 Congressmen announced that an additional $500,000 would be utilized for publicity in the southeast Asia area. Several of the Congressmen expressed the view that if one syro-* bolic American can be brought home, U.S. public opinion will be mobflzed and the remaining POW's will be returned heme. Spotlight, 300 Independence Ave.t SE, Washington, D.C. 20003 (July 27, 1987).
A new survival booklet, entitled: "A Basic Guide to Preparing for Survival^
In the Event of a National Emergency and Times of Crisis1 has recently been published by CEDS-Virglnia. Write: P. O. Box 109, Round Hill, Virginia 22141
It has been reported In a number of recent television programs that up to 40% of the clergy within the mainline Churches are homosexual in this country.
This Is really shocking. However, when you consider what is preached from the pulpits In America and see the feminine like males standing behind the pul* pits, it all begins to come together. Many within the rank and file of the clergy appear to act feminine because they are living in the "sin" of homo* sexuality. Without question the denominational churches in America, particu* larly within the Roman Catholic, Episcopal, and other Orthodox Communions, are moving toward a spiritual death. May Yahweh hasten the exodus of His people from these denominations. No honest God-fearing person can tolerate the sick clergy that are occupying the pulpits of this nation. The time has come for all good Christians to separate from this Baal worship and return to the true Church of Jesus Christ. The Watchman, P.O. Box 62-B3, Schell City4 Mo. 64783 (Spring 1987).
The United States of America is now under Invasion from Mexico. America shares a 2,000 mile undefended border with Mexico. Thousands of Mexicans are pouring across that border every week and nationals from many other countries of the world are coming Into Mexico and then making easy entrance Into the United States. Mexico has somewhere around 80 million people with up to 15 million crowded into Mexico City. Millions of these wetbacks are looking toward America as the only solution to the poverty and famine that they face In their home country. The tidal wave of brown Is now pouring across the 2,000 mile border and Is saturating Florida, Texas, California,
New Mexico, Arizona, and Colorado and Is beginning to pour Into the Interior of the United States In the rural midwest and central atlantic states. The entry of this vast flood tide of Mexicans Is about to break the funding of welfare doles, food stamp programs and other government aid programs. More* over, Conmunlsm Is taking root In Mexico at an alarming rate. In a few years, Mexico could become another Cuba. Wealthy Mexican families are already flee* Ing to America. A brown tidal wave Is headed for Los Estados Unldos. The Watchman, P.O. Box 62-B3, Schell City, Mo. 64783 (Spring 1987).
Report
I •	4
In this issue of The Kingdom

Happenings and Events	P®9*	*
Tim's Topics (Timothy F. Joy)	2
Wasted Years	P®9®	2
Defective Tapes	Pfl9®	2
Thanks (Jo Dawson)	Pd9e	2
Pray for a National Awakening-Wait	for God (Pastor Chuck Kuhler) Page	3
Schedule of Meetings and Services	Page	4
Biblical Crossword Puzzle	Page	4
Young Christians Page (Rhonda Germain)	Page	5
The Song of Moses is the Life of Moses (Elliott Germain)	Page	6
Editorial (Mack Germain)	Page	6
A Piece of Clay	Page	7
Commentaries From Here and There	Page	7
The CHRISTIAN ISRAEL FELLOWSHIP of VIRGINIA Is an autonomous body (group). We have no affiliation with any other group or organization. The Christian Israel Fellowship Is a Christian organization with special emphasis on the early history, development, and migrations of the ten northern tribes, and related peoples, of the House of Israel, from whom descended the Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, Germanfctf and related nations. We believe God's moral, civil, and national law, as codified by Moses, should be the law of the land. If we wish to enjoy lasting peace, freedom, happiness, and prosperity. Christian Israel Fellowship does not align with any political persauslon. We believe our rights are guaranteed by the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and allows us to voice our opinions on all matters we consider are In violation of God's laws and our right to freedom of worship and expression.
the kingdom news report
CHRISTIAN ISRAEL FELLOWSHIP OF VIRGINIA Post Office Box 124 Sendston, Virginia 23150
*tr


..wnuhvi-	~ I *	MlfAt? ^5*^^



Wawfct.	iflme

Roger Hayes
P.O. Box 1373 El Cerrito, CA 94530
|