LOYALTY! COURAGE! DUTY! HONOR!
CONTENDING FOR THE FAITH ONCE DELIVERED UNTO THE SAINTS! Jude 3
Issue #102
1982
Without a doubt the most important issue facing us today is the very survival of God’s racial family on the earth. There are many people among the Christian denominations who would argue the fact that God has a racial family on the earth. In the presentation of their arguments they will contend that God was before cultures, before nations, before man - indeed before creation Therefore they will say that to put a racial tag upon God is to place Him in the bounds of humanity.
While we most certainly can see the valid point they seek to make in showing that the Divinity of God is above the limitations of the flesh, we still contend that there is a race which stands alone to be identified with God.
This may sound absurd to some. Others may claim lunacy, or holler blasphemy to say that God has His own race of people upon the earth. But bare with me and you will see that while most people consider “race” as a very earthly matter we shall show that the race which I am referring has its origin not on the earth, but in the heavens and thus honored to be called by God Himself as, “The Holy Seed” Ezr. 9:2
People are often stumbled with the term race, which is actually a misnomer. For there is no such thing as a white race in contrast to a black race. Websters Dictionary defines race as follows, “A division of mankind having traits that set it apart as a distinct human type, as, the white race. A tribe, people or group of people or a nation descended from the same common stock.” There will be a comment on this shortly.
We will not attempt at this time to present arguments establishing our relationship to ancient Israel, Abraham
THE MESSAGE OF OLD is published by The Church of Jesus Christ. This Christien journal is sent free to ell subscribers and is supported by the tithes and offerings of those who feel lead of God to help toward the continuation of this ministry. When moving please send us your old address label. Address all communications to P.O. Box 373, Harrison, Arkansas 72601. Phone: (501) 743-3604 Pastor Thom Arthur Robb - Editor
and thus to Adam. There has been much evidence, both Biblical and archeological to substantiate that we are the true Israelites spoken of in the Scriptures and can trace our origin back to Adam.
If this is so, would it not then be correct to say that Adam belonged to the white ‘\race”? I believe sol But the Bible gives no racial name to Adam, only that he was the “Awdawm" that God had fdrmed from the dust of the earth, while all others were-not the “Awdawm". The “race” to which he belonged' was, and could only have been white. Strong’s Concordance shows that the Hebrew word for Adam (Awdawm) means to be ruddy, to show blood in the face, flush, to turikrosy. Only members of the white “race” can blush with£he face showing blood and turning rosy. Ever see a Negro with a peaches and cream completion? Of course not! Aidam was white, he showed blood in the face, just as you dp when you are embarrased or angry. So, though it be a matter of semantics, it is incorrect to say that Adam waslof the White race, but that we are of the ADAMIC RAC£+jt
What we realize then is 4 simple fact. We have two distinct and separate categmies upon the earth both coming under the label of “nan”. On the one hand we' have the families of the earai (non-Whites) and on the other hand we have the family of Adam. This is the very reason why Moses in Gen. S|| stated, “This is the book of the generations of Adan.” The Hebrew word for generations is Toldah and means family. From this point (Gen. 5:1) throughout the r|$t of the Bible, God deals with this one family. THE*$FAMILY OF ADAM,) also called “the Holy Seed”. Thff families of the earth (nonwhites) are mentioned only when they come in contact with the family of God, that is to say the family of Adam. Some, of course will get all jexcited and start calling the wrath of God down upon me for making such “racist”, “bigoted” and “unchristian” statements. This will be done though simply because of their perverted belief that God is the father of all “people,” black, white, yellow or polkadot as they say. But the prophet Amos wrote as the Spirit of God moved upon him the following, “Oh children of Israel (the family of Adam) you ONLY have I known of all the families of the earth. ’ ’ Amos 3:2
We will now be able to quickly see that the word
“race” (although used mainly for the sake of convenience and to lessen confusion) is actually incorrect. As we pointed out before and will comment on at this time. Webster defines race as being a “division of mankind ... A tribe, people, or group of people or a nation descended from the same common stock/* To say then, “the White race” or “the black race” is to say thay they have the same common origin. This is actually the very foundation of the error, for there is no more of a common origin between Negroes and the white Adamic family than there is between the Adamic (white) family and the South A-merican Aardvark.
The non-white families have an earthly origin, created by God. The Adamic (White) family is of God, His issue and offspring on the earth. Saint Luke in his Gospel stated that Adam was a Son of God (Luke 3:38) which strips away forever the possibility of an earthly origin for Adam as some suppose. As a Son of God, Adam actually began what could t>e called the procreation of God*s family upon the earth. For this reason God said of them, “And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and I will be their God*’; “Ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said; I will dwell in them (Israel • His family) and walk in them, and I will be their God and they shall be my people.’’ Ex. 29:45, II Cor. 6:16.
Because the white Adamic family is of God and not of the earth, Jesus Christ could speak of them in the following manner.
j ‘Thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he shall save HIS people from their sins. "Matt. 1:21 ' 'For out of thee (Bethlehem) shall come a governor that shall RULE (Heb: Poimaino - to tend as a shepherd, to feed) MY people Israel,' ’ Matt. 2:6 “I am not sent but unto THE LOST SHEEP OF THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL. "Matt. 15:24 "I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. "John 10:11 There are many other scriptures of course that show the love that God has for HIS family.
As you know, Jacob’s name (Jacob was a descendant of Adam) was changed to Israel, which means “ruling with God {Elohiym)[ ’ Thus His name, Elohiym (the Almighty) was placed on His family - the descendants of Adam (Gen. 32:28). It for this reason that the Apostle Paul could write with assurance, “For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named.’’ (Eph. 3:14-15) and therefore identifying forever our heavenly origin and showing our eternal unity with the family of God.
We perhaps should remind you that it was only to Israel • the Adamic White “race” that God spoke of when he stated the above. Only they • the seed of Adam belonged to that family. Because Israel is THAT family, it is only THEY who can lay claim to the ADOPTION OF GOD. Again Paul said in Rom. 9:4, “Who are Israelities; to whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God and the promise.” The Greek word used here for ADOPTION IS Huiothesia and as used has an entirely different meaning than we apply to it today. Huiothesia
NOTE
There is no subscription price for this Christian journal. You may have a free subscription by simply sending your request to The Church of Jesus Christ, P.O. Box 373, Harrison, Ark. 72601. It is our desire to continually remain faithful to the faith once delivered unto the saints. Your tithes and offering toward this national ministry will help awaken our people to the knowledge that only by a return to God's Law (II Chron. 7:14) will this nation find deliverance with White Christian Israel once again claiming dominion over the earth.
actually meant the placing of a son, that is to say, the becoming of legal age. This is why the prodical son was able to claim his inheritance, he became of legal age and was placed as a son and was thus adopted. As Paul then shows, it was ONLY Israel that received "the adoption" and thus entitled to be placed as a son. Why? because they are HIS family and existed with him as his family before the world began, “According as he hath chosen us in him BEFORE the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before Him in love: having predestinated us (Israel - the white Adamic people) unto the ADOPTION OF CHILDREN BY Jesus Christ to himself.” Eph 1:4-5
So Israel is not as the families of the earth are, but because of their relationship with God are entitled to receive the adoption • being His “Holy Seed,” the issue of God, His offspring and His FAMILY!
If Israel, the white Adamic people of God DID NOT have this existence with their father before the foundations of the world (read all of Eph. 1) and were therefore simply another created family of the earth, they would no more have a lawful claim to the adoption than an African headhunter. Only a LA WFUL heir can have a lawful right to claim the adoption. And only Israel - the Adamic family can lay claim of being God’s lawful seed, offspring and heir.
Because Israelites are the children of God, endowed with His Spirit, they are often referred to in the scriptures as “The Holy nation”, or “Holy people”. See Ex. 19;6, 22-31; Deut. 7:6, 14:2. It certainly is not because Israel was or are a righteous people, but because they, the Holy nation, though at times are disobedient children, were and are still infact HIS children.
Ministry Update
We have begun what we hope will be a very successful campaign against the anti-Christ forces that are now operating in our public schools. On January 5th 1982, Judge Overton of Arkansas handed down his decision on the legality of Creation-Science being taught in Arkansas school rooms. As I promised to the media at the Dec. 17th demonstration in front of the Federal Courthouse, if Crea-
thn-Science looses, we will file a law suit against the state of Arkansas.
As many of you already know, I conducted a one-man demonstration in front of the Federal Courthouse in downtown Little Rock on the final day of the nine day trial. In the news release I delivered to the press, I stated that we would file a law suit for First Amendment Civil-Rights violations against the state of Arkansas, if balanced treatment is not given to creation.
We have been waiting for over a month for word from Arkansas Attorney Steve Clark to annouce whether or not he will appeal the unchristian and un American decision of Judge Overton. We felt that we could not file our complaint until that decision had been announced. Steve Clark has now made known to the public that he will NOT appeal the decision. Our Attorney, Jobn Norman Warnock of Camden, Arkansas had already begun preparing the case and legal research is being done by law students from the University of Arkansas Law School under the direction of Mr. Warnock. I spent a day with Mr. Warnock at the law library last week and I feel that we are going to have a solid case to present to the court. Joining us in the law suit will be the Knights of the Ko Klux Klan as co-plaintiffs. We will also be joined by Aryan Nations (headquartered in Hayden Lake, Idaho and The Sword of Christ Ministries of Russellville, Arkansas.
A simple reading of the First Amendment will show that there is no statement, whatsoever made regarding the so-called separation of church and state. Such an idea is not a concept of Western heritage and therefore not compatable with our culture. It is though, an anti-Christ Jew, Communist concept, and therefore the reason it is found in the constitution of Soviet Russia. In their constitution it says, "The church shall be seperate from the state and the school from the church." As I said, our Constitution makes no such statement. The First Amendment actually says, "Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion." The word "establishment" is a noun and carries the same meaning as "on organization" or "a religious denomination." What our First Amendment to the Constitution is saying is that our • government shall not recognize one certain religious denomination over another. All Christian faiths shall have equal freedom to exist.
The fact that the U.S. Constitution is referring to Christian faiths is self-evident in as much as at that time there was no such thing as Hare Krishna’s, Moonies, Scientology or other religions that are by nature alien to the Aryan spirit.
America was founded as a Christian nation and therefore the reason for the Feb. 1892 Supreme Court ruling in
Klan vows suit on evolution
A Ku Klux Klan member who
demonstrated outside federal
court Thursday said the Klan would sue the state to prevent the teaching of evolution in public schools if the creation science law is overturned.
The Klansman, Thom Arthur Robb of Bass, carried a placard that stated “Ku Klux Klan supports creation.” He said the group had refrained from demonstrating outside the court until the trial was over to avoid influencing the judge.
John Norman Warnock. a Camden attorney engaged to represent the Klan along with 3 other plaintiffs in a possible suit
against the state, said the teacb-in* of evolution undermined the religious beliefs of the majority of students in Arkansas.
Warnock was asked if he ever heard of the Epperson case in which the U.S. Supreme Court ruled unconstitutional an Arkansas law prohibiting the teaching of evolution. Warnock said he
had^ever heard of the Epperson
CaSWarnock has been in the news lately for his attempt to have a
w h i t e -o r i e n ted ^ c o nse rv aUv e magazine called The Lititen placed in Little Rock schools beside the black-oriented Southern Mediator.
A* reported In the Arkeneee Gazette. Dec. 11th 1182
We will also be seeking additional plantifTs.
It is our intent to show the court that the teaching of lution is the foundation of the religion of Humanism its teaching undermines the Christian faith of Arkan ichool children. We will be seeking a court decision to the teaching of evolution as unlawful and in violation e First Amendment.
the case of Holy Trinity Church vs The United StaU
? ^merjca was a Christian nation. It is only 1 so menca, who, seeking to turn America ii
1- Ch“
I an2 Arkansas regents would like to join co-plaintifFs against the state for its teaching of evoluti
in Arkansas classrooms, we would like you to contact us. If any of our readers would like to be a partner with us in this endeavor, please do so by sending a check or money order to: The Church of Jesus Christ, P.O. Box 373, Harrison, Ark. Unlike many who shutter with fear in face of the epemy, I am willing to take the battle to the very door step of those who rise up against us, but I can’t do it alone. Please help any way you can.
NOTE TO TORCH SUBSCRIBERS
We thoroughly enjoy the many fine letters we receive asking for additional copies of The Torch and are exceptionally glad that it is received so enthusiastically. Our desire is to serve Jesus Christ and warn our nation of the present danger. Eze. 33:7 says that his servants are to be a watchman to give warning to the nation. This is what we are earnestly seeking to do. We wish that it were possible to get an issue into the mail every month and we are certainly working toward that goal. In the mean time we do want to remind you that all subscriptions are according to number of. issues and not according to months. We humbly ask for your prayers for our continual growth and evangelistic outreach to our Israel kinsmen.
TAPE MISSION
We are continually expanding our tape ministry and thank God for the part we have in awakening our brothers and sisters to the need of national repentance, turning back to,the Holy, just and ever-lasting laws of the Most High. While we do have a suggested contribution on our tapes, we do send out many to those who are financially
unable to pay for them. Those of you who can not afford to contribute toward the cost of tapes are urged to request those tapes you most desire and they will be sent according to available funds making possible their reproduction. In order for us to keep an ample supply on blank tapes on hand to fill the many requests that come in, we ask that those of you who are because of financial dificulty are requesting free tapes ask for no more than three at a time. Those who are able to contribute an extra amount towrad this tape ministry will certainly be appreciated, as this is the only way we can fill request for those unable to send in a donation toward the cost of the tapes. All tapes received by those who request them are theirs to keep in order to build a personal tape library. They do not have to be returned, unless you wish to do so.
THANK YOU!
We want to give our sincere thanks to all of you that have been faithful to this ministry. There are many times, I know, when you have to wait for replies to your letters, and such. We are doing our utmost to handle you letters as quickly as possible. But unfortunately we have neither the staff, space or financial resources that the enemies of our nation have at their constant disposal. Yet we do have a right and just cause for which we fight and struggle, we do have a great heritage to preserve, we.do have a great future that awaits us, we do have friends as yourselves to stand with us AND WE DO HAVE Jesus Christ as our conquering leader. “If God be for us, then who can be against us.” To you and your faithfulness we say an eternal THANK YOU! With Loyality, Courage. Duty and Honor we shall contendfor the faith!
SUPPORT
Christian Identity Evangelism
WHICH IS MORE THAN JUST ANOTHER DONATION -
IT IS AN INVESTMENT IN -
THE KINGDOM OF GOD
Your faithful support will help insure the continuation of the following ministries of The Church of Jesus Christ.
1 The Torch Newspaper 2 Message of Old Newsletter . * 3 Church of Jesus Christ Tape Mission 4 Patriotic and Christian meetings nationwide 5 Publishing of tracts, literature and books 6 Distribution of literature Please Indicate if you would like your tithe applied to a specific phase of this ministry.
Name . Address
Donation enclosed: