ROBB'S
Editorial Report
ROBB'S EDITORIAL REPORT is published by The Church of Jesus Christ. This report is sent free to all subscibers and la supported by the tithe and offerings of those who have been lead of God to help towards the continuation of this ministry. When moving please send us your old address Isbel. Address all communications to Box 88, Bass, Arkansas 72612. Telephone (SOI) 743-3604
Pastor Thom Arthur Robb - Editor
June
1981
CHRISTIAN AMERICA - CLAIM YOUR DESTINY!
When the Pilgrim fathers landed upon the rocky shoreline of New England in the late fall of 1620 they viewed a great wilderness. Little did they know at that time of the great expanse of the North American Continent. How could they know of the mighty Missir ippi, Missouri, Arkansas or the other majestic rivers that divide this vast land. Little could they imagine the great grass lands of the prairies, the huge Rocky Mountains, the dry parched desserts, the Great Lakes or the breath-taking Grand Canyon.
Perhaps they had heard tales of these works of nature from the accounts of the famous explorers like Coronado, Balboa or Champaigne. But to these hearty Noblemen of our past, these were tales, perhaps more to be discounted then to be believed. As they rowed their shallop to the rocky coast of New England they could not see the mighty nation that would arise from their valiant pilgrimage.
Just who and what were these people and what unseen hand guided and directed their movements, that brought them face to face with destiny 1 While today we find a great cry being made to denounce our Christian heritage from all quarters, let us remember that America was founded as a church. It was not an exploring expedition, nor were those pilgrims vile criminals seeking refuge from the hand of justice. They did not come seeking gold, but it was a church that ventured out across the deep and threatening waters of the Atlantic.
As we look upon our national scene today we can see forces seeking to rip the Christian foundation of this nation apart. These forces, as dark and forbearing as they appear are yet insidious and shrewd and has taken the strength of America, the strength of our race, that is Christianity and has perverted it into a tool that is both manageable and of benefit to it's Jewish masters. While we look with pride to the natural instincts of our race that has been inbued into every fiber and cell of our physical and spiritual make-up, we must be ever mindful of the fact that not until our race
became as ONE with it’s God (Jesus Christ) did we begin the rapid advancement that has lead our people to the stars. We must be ever brought into rememberence of both the destiny and heritage of our race. (Mai. 4:6)
Many people can talk laborously about the philosophy of Christianity, but one obvious truth stands out as a glimmering gold nugget in a prospectors pan, that is that Christianity is a White mans religion. Indeed, until recent years, to speak of Christiandom was to refer to the race of Europe. The Christian faith has never been successfully exported into the hearts of other races. While some racists have without success tried to portray Christianity as an alternating form of Judaism, it comes home much too clearly that Christianity is as natural to our race as the sword that hung from the side of powerful viking warriors, esr—Because of the above fact, all the great advancements of our race were made after the physical RACE of God (White race - Israel) met the spiritual FAITH of God. The Jews know this faith (Christianity) has the ability to render great spiritual and mental power to our race and therefore had to be destroyed. Hence their constant attack and active infiltration into it’s ranks. Today ’’Christianity” as practiced by the churches is Hmiliar to the faith of our fathers in name only. So successful have they been that many of our own racists have become deceived into believing that the Jewish infiltrators and their lacky clergy are actually the spokesmen of Jesus Christ and the Christian faith. Nothing could be further from the truth. They are simply blind guides that are leading their followers into the ditch. The Protocols made it quite clear that they will move to destroy Christianity. In the 17th Protocol it says, “We have long past taken care to discredit the priesthood of the Goyim, and thereby to ruin their mission on earth which in these days might still be a GREAT HINDERANCE TO US. Day by day it's influence on the people is falling lower. Freedom of conscience has been declared everywhere, so that now only years divide us
from the moment of the COMPLETE WRECKING OF THAT CHRISTIAN RELIGION. “
The above passage from the Protocols is quite evident of the true nature of the conspirators an<Hheir attitude towards Christianity. Rather then looking upon it as a power that will destroy the white race, they look upon it as a power that will destory THEM if they do not successfully undermine it. Today their success all but appears complete. But out of the ashes of this battle, there is arris-ing a people that has taken hold of the message of White Christianity - true Christianity as it was delivered to our racial ancestors in years gone by. The Israel-Identity (Christian-Identity, Kingdom-Identity) message answers the questions our people have today. Whether it be politics, economics or racial or any other problem that has been brought upon us by the anti-Christ Jews, the answer can be found when sought from the racial message of the scriptures. The churches of today that you find scattered throughout this land are the product of this Jewish infiltration (Jude 3-4) and have been rendered not only useless to the army of Jesus Christ but they actually give a helping hand to the anti-Christ governement that the Bible says will arise in the last days. Daily we see them alligning themselves up with the government against those of us who stand upon the principles of faith, race and nation.
Even though we see this anti-Christ Jew Beast (Rev. 13, comprised of Economics, religion and politics) grow in power daily, we likewise see a continual growth of people awakening to the message of White Christianity.
As a Christian nation we have a destiny that we shall soon meet. Likewise there is a destiny that shall soon be met by the enemies of our race and of God. But the destinies are worlds apart. While the one shall be of joy, the other shall be of sorrow (Isa 65:13-14). We have a destiny of rejoicing but before that day shall come upon us we are going to find much suffering upon our people for their sins. The Bible says the “wages of sin is death” today we as a nation are committing the most horrible
the enemies of our race and nation to judges in that way are you fulfilling the laws of God. people within the Israel-Identity camp claim to be ers in the Laws of God, but they fail in their ef stand in opposition to the evil that abounds in our because it may not be considered respectable. The jority of the Israel-Identity ministers are fearful of doing anything that will bring upon them the wrath of om enemies. The fear of the Jew controled news media keeps them from entering the battle. They are failing to claim their destiny. They choose to “fight*4 within the bounds and rules established by those that seek the destruction of America. As with any soldier on the battlefield for righteouness there is certain risks involved. The vast majority of the Israel Identity ministers choose to avoid the risks, deeming the price too much to pay. I am proud of the fact that although I have appeared in countless marches and Klan rallies and have physically met the enemy face to face on many occasions I have never wavered from the task set before me. Though I do not consider myself a courageous man, I do feel that as a minister of1 God I am lead by a call of duty that will not allow me to choose another path.
I know that many of you cannot stand out openly as I do because of the position you hold in your community or perhaps because of employment. If that is your case then you have a responsibility to fulfill your duty in other area such as volunteering your labor to those who need it or by financial assistences to those who are working for our faith, race and nation within the public eye. My reputation within this community is well established and my boldness well known. Most of the people who know me also know that I regularly speak at Klan rallies. As a minister of God I can not do anything else but stand squarely upon the issues and speak to the people of the nation and warn them by either the printed page or the spoken word. Many of you people I know agree with what I am saying, while others would rather find comfort in supporting an Israel-Identity minister that is more "respectable".
sins imaginable. These are precisely the reasons the scriptures states that the nation that forgets God (actually, forgets His righteousness - the law) will be turned into hell. Daily in our midst sins of race-mixing, homosexuality, pornography, humanism and witchcraft are being committed, and as a result our nation is being turned into When and is dying. I know that most of you will say that you Bre not guilty of these things and while that may be true in Hour personal lives we never-the-less stand guilty before WGod Almighty. The reason is simple, because we have failed to claim our destiny! God stated in the scriptures that we were to rid evil out of the land, to bring the murderer, rapist, queer, as well as all others that delight in the abominations mentioned above to justice. We have failed to do that I Yes, our nation has failed, and the people have stood silent.
Those who should know better, that is the Israel-Identity believing people have themselves been perhaps the biggest violator*. Why? Because to whom much is given, much is required 1 They too have stood silient, except in the saftely of their private meetings. It is the DUTY of the ministers of God to be in the forefront • the frontlines, in combat against the Jew enemies, seeking to bring
Those who see the victors cup within reach, those who see the need of not simply talking about the laws of God, but would rather help in restoring that law I count as my most faithful friends.
The enemy does not fear those who choose to "fight'* from the arm chair of their living room, not do they fear patriots that speak of their vengeful opposition to the Jews from the pulpits of safe private type meetings. What they do fear is those who like the prophets of old will stand on the roof tops (Isa. 58:1) and speak to the people of the nation and call them to national repentence.
In Arkansas, via the Klan we are doing that very thing. We are planning a busy summer with rallies here in Arkansas as well as other area. I have just returned from Galveston, Texas where I spoke at a Klan rally in support of the American fisherman. In all of these activities we request your prayers and financial support. I know that many of you, as a result of financial difficulties can only help with a few dollars. But I also know that many of you can help in a greater way.
I also realize that some of you get weary of letters asking for money, but you must be aware of the fact that
Sea DESTINY page 4
r 5 £ 2 3 v S s I
P £ a 3 9 £
mmm
ristian Israel
Christian Israel:
The Bible says to study and show yourselves approved of God. It is the duty of every Christian Israel family to study God's word and to familiarize themselves with
the laws ofGod and prepare themselves to be used of God. God’s laws hold the only solution to the perplexing problems that are now facing modern America. The Church of Jesus Christ has decided to make cassette tapes available that will help to educate our people to the danger that is upon them and then to inspire them to take action.
We humbly ask each reader to carefully look over this list and make the tapes available to members of their family. The anti-Christ Jews are increasing their efforts to corrupt the minds of your children and a tape such as David Duke’s (former Grand Wizard of the KKK) discussion of race will give your children the ammunition that they need to offset the lies being distributed in schools, textbooks. TV and magazines.
As you look over this list, I am sure you will readily realize that such tapes are not usually found among the tape lists of the majority of Identity ministers. For instance. if you have never attended a Ku Klux Klan ratty, then this will be a great opportunity to listen in on one.
I am sure that you will find much to learn and enjoy not to mention to inspire you to continue the fight for
Tape Library
White Christian civilization.
We suggest a $5.00 contribution for each tape, but we certainty are not going to refuse* tapes to any one who may need them. If you would like to make yourself available to certain tapes but are unable to send a contribution, please feelfree to make your request and the tapes will be sent according to available funds. From our experience in the past we believe that we will be sending out many free tapes to the elderly, unemployed and shut-ins. If you are in a position to help insure that enough funds will be available for this purpose, then an extra contribution wiU certainty be appreciated. It is our intention to make as many tapes on as many subjects available as possible and therefore we wiU be continually adding to this UsL
So now as you look over this list of tapes, may the Great God of Israel bless you in your selections. These tapes are excellent to listen to and learn from, whether in the comfort of your living room or perhaps as you travel to or from work. Please do not pass up this opportunity to educate yourself and the members of your family. May God bless you and guide you during these perittous days that are upon our most beloved race and nation.
Pastor Thom Arthur Robb
NO SUBSTITUTE FOR VICTORY by Gan. Douglas McArthur. Tha Quality of this tape is poor, but tha massage is dynamic. C-1
UNDBERG WARNS AMERICA. Undberg worked hard with members of tha America First Committee trying to keep Via U.S. out of World War II. C-2
NAZI ROCKWELL. An exciting, informative montage of speech-es# interviews and conversations of George Lincoln Rockwall, one of America's Greatest Haro's. C-3
I PLEDGE YOU MY LIFE. Commander Rockwall speaking on tha Mall, Washington DC, October 16.1960. C-4
ROCKWELL AT BROWN UNIVERSITY Tha Jaws pulled every dirty trick poesible to prevent Commander Rockwall from reaching tha youth at American univarsities. Jaw praasura would force more than tan cancellations for every speech ha succeeded in giving. Tha Jaws vowed they would kill him before they would aver let him return to his alma mater to speak. Once again Commander Rockwall beat tha Jaws. You will hear Jaw terrorists trying to drown him out, than thousands of White students shouting SHUT UP, JEWS as Commander Rockwall drives home truth aftar truth. C-6
GIVE MY PEOPLE LIBERTY OR GIVE ME DEATH. Commander Rockwall at tha Lynchburg Armory. Hear thousands of Virginians cheer tha champion of tha Whits race. C-6
ROCKWELL VS STOKLEY CARMICHAEL. Guaas who wins...I This is one black man that was put back in his place. C-7
MY PART IN THE WHITE MANS FIGHT Tha personal diary of Joooph Goabbels, proas secretary for Adolph Hitler. Re-lived by Ralph Forbes. C-8
•TUKAP’LOT two tapse re-lived by Ralph Forbes. This series Is about Han Ulrich Rude!. Rude! fought 2,630 battles against
the anti-Christ hordas of Soviet Russia. Ha was a highly decorated war hero. C-9 - two tapes.
BLESSED ARE THE PEACE MAKERS. Re-lived by Ralph ForbeS. This is a 5 tapa series about tha flight for world peace made by Rudolf Hass. You will never be tha same aftar you hoar of this daring flight by tha vice-chancellor of National Socialist Germany. Haas still aftar 40 years is tha prisoner in Spondau prison - his only crime was seeking to prevent World War II. 5 tapa series - C-10.
PEACEMAKER - Story off Rudolf Haas, condensed from tha five part tape series. C-11
DUKE ON RACE. This tape by tha former Grand Wizard off tha KKK completely destroys the "all races are equal" garbage Besure to have your whole family hoar this tapa. C-12
THE JEWISH QUESTION By David Duka. A thorough discussion of Jews in America. C-13 - two tape series.
DUKE VS TOM SNYDER David Duka smashes tha liberal philosophy of Tom Snyder. C-14
DUKE VS JOHN EASTMAN. Duka preeents tha case for White Christians. C-15
DUKE VS LARRY KING. This Jaw stopped cold in his tracks by Duka. C-16
INTRODUCTION TO THE KU KLUX KLAN By David Duka. This former Grand Wizard off tha Ku Klux Klan discusses why ha believes America needs the Klan once again. C-17
AMERICA - PUT ON YOUR STRENGTH. Now you can listan to a complete Klan rally held in Galveston, Texas on May 9, 1961. You will hear such dynamic speakers as Richard Butler of
Aryan Nations. Jarry Paul Smith, ana of tba dafandanta In Graanaboro. North Carolina whara 6 Communist* ware executed by members of the Ku Klux Klan in November of 1979, Thom Arthur Robb, editor of The Torch and Louie Beam. Grand Dragon of the Taxaa Ku Klux Klan. C-18
POSITIVE CHRISTIANITY VS CHICKENISM a speech deliver-ad by Thom Arthur Robb at the Aryan Nations Congreas in Hays, Kansas in 1900 where the doctrine of chicfcsnism which guide the ministry of many ministers is exposed. C-19
SOMETHING WORTH LIVING FOR delivered by Thom Arthur Robb ip Hays, Kansas shows the proper placing of our values. C-20
WHITE POWER MESSAGES Recorded telephone messages of * the Arkansas Ku Klux Klan, by Thom Arthur Robb. C-21
PATTERN OF THINGS. Sermon by Wesley Swift. C-200

THE TORCH
■si
Don’t nba another Issue of THE TORCH* Subscript
S»rice only *7.00 foB isstt^^INiblisbed by Ttae On of Jesus Christ. Subscribers also receive ’s Editorial Report\ Send
HhM Bax 88 M Baas. Arkansas 72612
Name.



Address __



THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST / P.O. BOX 373 / HARRISON, ARKANSAS 72601
DESTINY from page 2
we receive no government grants, no funding from the Rockefeller foundation, nor do we have any big Jewish backers as the NAACP does. We have ONLY the people, for whom we fight to turn to for the support that we need. I imagine that you will continue to receive letters asking for money from ourselves and others in order to carry out programs aimed at awaking our people and calling them to national repentence. 1 hope that this is not upsetting to you, but 1 apologize to no one in making requests for financial assistence. My duty as a minister of God to the nation must be fulfilled even though the discussion of money be unpleasent to some. Any help you can continue to give in the form of contributions or tithe'will be deeply appreciated. And to those that continue to stand with us I give you my heart felt gratitude.
PS. I want to thank all of you that have stood by us over the past several months. Getting back on our feet after the Post Office illegally revoked our permit has been a time of testing of our faith. We receive letters from people asking why they haven’t heard from us and I can only say it is because of the financial difficulty that we have been enduring. Please pray that God will fulfill our needs and give us the opportunity to carry on our duty. Those of you that helped us out recently and requested the packet on Martin Luther King and the “Civil Rights’’ movement should be receiving their items soon. May God continue to give us the ability and the resources to cany forth the message of repentence to the nation.
Thom Arthur Robb
Dear Pastor Robb:
I am in total agreement with you. I believe that it is the duty of the Israel Identity people to come out of the woodwork and stop being lead by die spirit of chickemsm. The Israel Identity people more than anyone else has the responsibility to stand for the laws of God. Too long we have tried to call oar nation to re-
Name.______________________________________________
Address____________________________________________
pentence behind the pulpits and the dosed doors of private meetings for “fear of the Jews’’. Iam with you and the approach that you are taking by going to the people of the nation via die Klan and the news media. You may not have the support of the Jews - but you have my support. Please find inclosed a contribution towards White Evangelism of The Church of Jesus Christ.
City, State, Zip