"THE SOUTH SHALL RISE AGAIN"
JANUARY 1991
APPOLOGIES
First, we must apologize for the long delay in getting the Battle Flag out. After some of the mergers and all of the new members joining, we had to get a new mailing list program to keep up with all of it. During the same time period we were moving the national office. The P.O. Box address is still the same but we moved the physical location. There are a million excuses but the point is, we let our readers down and we know it. Hopefully we will stay on a monthly deadline from now on.
NOW OR NEVER
When ever the White man has felt threatened he has always been fast to take up arms and go to war. The only thing that I can't understand is why it is always with the wrong people. Take a moment to think about it, there always seems to be a JEW behind it all, like now over in the Persian Gulf. Why are we over there? It is so the Jewish bankers can drive the prices of oil up, and anything else that they can get their greedy fingers on. They want to cripple the economy and to weaken our people. We must understand that Saddam Hussein is not our real enemy, our real enemy is the God forsaken Jewish money lenders that the bible warns us about. If we are to declare war on anybody it should be them and their
puppets known as ZOG. They have sucked the life blood out of the Aryan race and culture long enough. We must take our country back, we can't let this go on. While we give billions upon billions of dollars in loans to third world countries, we have White people starving to death right here at home. Is this really the land of the FREE and the home of the BRAVE? I think not, and it won't be, until we wake up and see who the real enemy of our land is!
I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who made the Stone Mountain rally a success. The Southern White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan have sponsored this event for eight years, and by the grace of God we will be able to do so for at least eight more.
I would also like to congratulate the SS of America and the Confederate Knights of America for their very professional attitude toward security. With people such as this, VICTORY is close at hand.
Greg Walker Grand Dragon Southern White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
KING THE GREAT DECEIVER It seems like the whole country is in an uproar now that the facts about the great "KOON" and his education are finally coming to light, but to us in the
movement it's not a big surprise. After all we started calling King a fraud and a communist good for nothing nigger while he was still alive. The real shame of the whole matter is that all these scholars have known it for years but they still kept quiet. When it started looking like the news would come out anyway, they began to try to find a way to release the story without ruining the so called good work that he did. What they are afraid of, is that the liberal white race traitors that backed "KOON" and his "Civil Wrongs" movement will start thinking that if their hero cheated on his education then maybe everything else he did was a lie. Although there is one good aspect to the whole mess, that is seeing those same whites squirm in the truth and the light of what they did. They sold their birthright for a lie, just to become “NEO-NIGGERS".
SS OF AMERICA UPDATE
The SS of America is continuing to build a strong organization. These young men and women have been putting a lot of hard work into the group, and it is starting to pay off. The SS of America now has chapters in North Carolina, Virginia, South Carolina, and New Jersey. There are new chapters starting to form in Maryland, Ohio, and Michigan.
The SS is not just a security group, they are also a close-knit white activist group that is ready to put everything on the front lines to secure victory for the White Race. We also believe that all white racial groups are going to have to band together regardless of political ideals. When the time comes for battle in the streets, it won't make any difference whether you are a Baptist, Methodist, Republican, National Socialist, Skinhead, or Klan. The only thing that will matter is the fact that you are there to fight beside
another White Man. In this regard the SS shares the same doctrine with the Confederate Knights of America, WE MUST GET ALONG OR DIE AS A RACE! If you believe in unity for the White movement, you might be the type of person that the SS is looking for. For more information about the SS of America write to P.O. Box 1253, Huntersville, NC 28078.
The CKA calender is a little bare due to the onset of winter, but we are busy working on some very important rallies that are planned for this spring. These first two rallies are vital because of the areas that they are in and the for the goals that we want to accomplish.
APRIL 27TH: We will be having our second annual Mississippi Gathering. This year we will walk two towns before the rally.
MERIDIAN: 11:00 to 12:30 we will be having a walk and a memorial for Kathy Ainsworth.
PHILADELPHIA: 2:00 to 3:30 there will be a walk and plenty of speeches. RALLY: The rally will start at 6:00. There will be a wide assortment of speakers including Dr. Fields, Tom Metzger, Dave Holland, Frank Shirley, and many more.lf you wish to speak at the rally or for more information contact Terry Boyce at 704-875-1893. There will be plenty of good food and fellowship so plan on coming for the weekend. Last year we had about 400 people at the rally, and this year we expect many more. At any Confederate Knights of America rally everybody is welcome regardless of their politics as
COMING EVENTS
long as they are fighting for the race. The CKA is thinking about trying to bring one of the top Skinhead bands into the country, to play at the rally. We have been in contact with No Remorse and they have agreed to play if we can raise the funds to bring them into the country. If you are interested in helping us bring them to Mississippi then feel free to call. MAY 25TH: We will be having a rally in Guyandotte, West Virginia. This is just outside of Huntington in a mostly white area. The rally field is on a hillside that is high enough to be seen for miles, and we will be getting a big PA system so they will be sure to hear us in several towns. There is a lot of local support for this rally, so make plans to come and support us.
RESISTANCE
To our way of thinking there are four main phases of resistance, we will try to explain the meaning of each phase and how they relate to the movement.
1)	PASSIVE RESISTANCE: Passive resistance seems to be the most popular type, this is usually the beginning phase for most of the new recruits. In this area of the movement you will find most of the people who realize that there is a problem in this country, but at the same time they sire unwilling or don't know how to do anything about it. This area is also for the very meek that are willing to support the cause but are afraid to give active support. The passive stage is also attractive to those people who want to speak out against the problem but want to make sure that they aren't too radical so they can escape the big round-up. It is sad but true that a lot of the Klans in America are caught in this phase.
2)	ACTIVE RESISTANCE:	Active
resistance is where you start finding your serious activists. The people in this area
have already tried the passive route and found that it didn't work, or that they had more to offer the movement. Here we find people who are always ready with flyers, cards, and information to be used when ever it's needed. These are the people that are always recruiting and educating their fellow man. People in this area are the ones that you can count on to be there at all the yearly functions. Active resistance means that you are always ready to resist the destruction of the Aryan Race.
3) RADICAL RESISTANCE: Radical resistance is where you will find your hard core activists, people who are sick and tired of ZOG trying to turn America into a third world nation, and are ready to fight back. These activists are ready to throw a wrench into ZOGS works when ever they let their guard down. Radicals find new ways to put out literature and flyers, they are also ready for a direct confrontation with the enemy. These are the doers of the movement, they are people who have been persecuted by the system, either by harassment or direct loss through the minions of ZOG. The enemy and the passive resister both like to think of the radical as a crack-pot or nut. However it is usually the people who had a very settled family life, the run of the mill American that turns radical. These husbands, fathers, and sons have developed a hatred for the so called system and the trash behind the scenes that is causing so much misery. The radical resister prepares his mind and arms himself with the only weapon that ZOG can't take from him, that is knowledge. With the right knowledge an activist is never unarmed or defenseless. To make a long story short, the radical is ready to defend the race either in a battle of the wits or to defend the cause with their lives.
3) ARMED RESISTANCE: And finally we come to the last phase. The armed resister is fed up and ready for the time when ZOG decides to declare war on the patriots, then his weapons will speak for him and he will fight to death or victory.
The reason for this story is very simple, it's time for people to decide which group that they belong to. The Confederate Knights of America is a radical resistance group, and we feel that everybody has to decide if they are playing Klan or white activist, or whether they are going to live the life that they have chosen. We feel that people need to choose wisely when they join a group, and know what they are getting into.
MIDDLE EAST
Most of us know that the real problem in the Middle-East is George Bush, with his oil company interest and his loyalty to satanic state of Isreal. Bush is willing to waste tens of thousands of lives to protect the Jews from their long overdue whipping. Don't get us wrong the CKA has nothing against the idea of shooting sand niggers, we just don't want to do it in the service of the Jews. If you try to talk to people on this subject you will find them so brain-washed as to think that we are there over the issue of oil. They don't know that we were only getting 2% of our oil from Kuwait, also nobody brings up the fact that Bush has interest in the Texas oil companies who benefit from the higher prices, and are
H01VAA NVTO
opening up capped wells because the price finally got right. This editor knows because I helped drill and cap a lot of oil wells here in the U.S.. We just wish that all the zombies out there would wake up and try to think of one good reason for us to lose 10,000+ troops fighting for the protection of the JEWS.
"POPPYCOCK"
That's what Byron De La Beckwith called the newest charges in the case of the dead nigger, Medgar Evers. We have to keep in mind that this man has already been tried twice on these same charges. At a news conference in Jackson Miss., Hinds County District Attorney Ed Peters said his office is pursuing the case because Beckwiths two 1964 trials "did not have the benefit of certain evidence accumulated during the course of our investigation". It is our understanding that the rifle that was evidence has been lost, and some of the people involved with the case have died. Maybe they think that they can win the case now that it is the typical ZOG case, no evidence so they can make it up as they go.
NEW UNITS CKA P.O. Box 381 Cheltenham, MD 20623
SSA P.O. Box 266 East Rockwood, Ml 48173
CKA P.O. Box 76 Peewee Valley, KY 40056
CKA P.O. Box 2822 Concord, NC 28078 704-782-1818
Published by the Confederate Knights of America P.O. Box 602 Huntersville, NC 28078 704-875-0514 Subscription: $15.00 per 12 issues. $20.00 per 12 issues outside the U.S. Advertisements for products of interest to White activist are welcome and will be run on an exchange basis.
\
1661 9 83d