
BA	TTLE FLA	IG
■1 "THE SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN"		
AUGUST 1990
GATHERING STRENGTH
The Confederate Knights of America are pleased to announce that we are continuing to grow and at the same time we are putting down a solid foundation. Any organization is only as good as it's leadership and it's doctrine. We in the C.K.A. don't preach doctrine, we live by it, in other words we don't talk about unity we just practice it with our brothers and sisters in the movement. This month the C.K.A. is proud to announce that the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan have merged with the Confederate Knights of America. The leaders of both groups are fully aware of the ramifications of a move like this, it will bring on increased pressure from ZOG, but it has to happen sooner or later. Everybody knows that there is strength in numbers and we must expand our news and inteligence network for our own protection. In Huntersville, North Carolina on July 15th we held a meeting with the WKKKK and another Klan group about a possible merger, after several hours of comparing notes and ideals we realized that two of our groups were on the same track with a lot of our ideas. The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan will now be a vital part of the C.K.A. and will help us to continue the fight in the midwest. The people of Oklahoma aren't strangers to the issue of race, after all Tulsa was the site of a race riot that had to be put down by the National Guard way back in 1921. In 1923 governor John C. Walton declared martial law and outlawed the Ku Klux Klan, but that didn't stop the riders in white, and his term ended with his impeachment on charges of abuse of power, incompetence, and corruption. To this day the Klan stands strong in Oklahoma and will continue to grow with the Confederate Knights of America and the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. In the very near future we will be starting to open chapters of the SS of America. Dennis W. Mahon who was the Imperial Dragon for the WKKKK will be taking a position as Imperial Kleagle for the Confederate Knights and will have a vote on the national board. With the Confederate Knights program and the leadership abilities of Dennis, the Klan should grow to record numbers in the midwest. For more information about the CKA or the SSA contact the WKKKK office at P.O. Box 14220 Kansas City, MO 64152 or the CKA National Office at P.O. Box 602 Huntersville, NC 28078. You can also call our Hot Line numbers 704-875-0514, 918-834-4242, 919-829-3866, 601-775-3238. We would like for everybody on our mailing list in the Kansas, Missouri, or Oklahoma area to contact Dennis and show your support.
WARNING
Greetings fellow patriots. I must warn you of a new danger to your constitutional rights. Recently, the US Supreme Court ruled that police officers and their counterparts ( FBI, BATF, CIA ) are to be given broader powers concerning the legality of searches of a persons property,
(i)
homes, cars, and the person themself. The reason to legitimize this ruling was that it would be easier to catch drug dealers, theives, and hoodlums by being able to do a search of their property on the basis of an anonymous tip.
To the average ignorant citizen that may sound all well and good, but I know better. This new ruling means that a police officer or any other soldier of ZOG may search your property because of an anonymous tip. To make this simple, your neighbor may have a bit too much to drink one night and feel like playing a trick on you-Mr. or Mrs. White person.
Or even worse an NAACP bignig could suggest that you may be in the possession of some illegal substances or devices. So out come the dogs to apprehend Mr. White person while your homes are to be ramsacked, damaged, and personal possessions ( including anything legal such as firearms, computer equipment, copying machines, etc. may be taken ). Just whatever it will take to shut down your Klan operation. And your recourse of legal action may not be sufficient to clear your name and reclaim your stolen property.
Not to be accused of living in the past, I must say this: If today a policeman can search you and confiscate whatever he desires, how much longer will it be before , acting on a fraudulent or imagined tip that the cops come to shut down your activities? Not long , my friends, a police state is near.
But getting back to this drug thing for just a moment, sure a few drug dealers may be arrested. A little good may come from this decision, but after having policemen killed by negroid drug gangs, the cops will get smart. Instead of tracking down real criminals and subversives they will be steered into the direction of harrassing and apprehending political dissidents. That would very well include pro-life activist, tax protester, white separatist, political organizations, and whoever else they decide. After all it is Zog who is making the rules.
Some laws may be helpful, and some may not be, so instead of bitching about the laws do your part to remove the lawmakers from the offices that they hold. Perhaps we may be spared unjust harassment, but don't count on it. Be prepared for the worst, that way you won't be disappointed or surprised when the police dogs of ZOG come knocking.
Written by TT Siler City, NC AKIA
MY FAVORITE MARXIST
Summer reruns got you down? Well hold on tight America because comming this summer to a TV near you is the new smash, boffo summer replacement sitcom: " My Favorite Marxist" starring Nelson Mandela.
Mr. Mandel, reprising a role he made famous in the 50's, plays a wild and zany terrorist leader trekking across this great country in search of capitalist dollars for communist revolution.
Together with his straight man Teddy Kennedy as his sidekick, the chuckles never stop in this fast-paced laugh riot.
" Funnier than nerve gas," says Libyan Entertainment Weekly. " Two thumbs up," says Castro and Ortega, reviewers for the Havana Tribune.
Look for " My Favorite Marxist" weekdays at 6:30 p.m. right after " Peoples Revolutionary Court " with Judge Rafsanjani only on the ANC television network.
David P. Mehus
TEE SHIRTS AVAILABLE
We want to announce that we have tee shirts available again, we currently have two styles.
(2)
First we have the "Our dream came true" shirt with rifle crosshairs superimposed over a picture of Martin Luther King. Also we have the Confederate Knights of America coat of arms tee shirts, these are gray (Confederate gray of course) with black print. We will also have other styles in the future. The price for either shirt is $10.00, if you are interested contact Jim Baker at 919-833-3383, or call or write the national office.
IK	RECOMMENDED READING
There is a book now available that is a source of truth about the aids
epidemic and all the lies and cover-ups concerning the dangers of the disease.
EDELWEISS ENTERPRISE ****************************************************************
THE AIDS COVER-UP by Gene Antonio. Get documented medical facts. Learn what the ZOG media, AMA, government, homosexuals, and negroes don't want you to know! Save yourself and your loved ones! Read this book to your teenagers! 250pp $11.00 ppd. Edelweiss, Box 1848, Bellaire, TX 77401.
COMING EVENTS
We have several major events coming up in the very near future that everybody needs to attend if they can.
September 1: There will be a street walk at Lawrenceville, GA at 1:00 pm, the rally will be held at Stone Mountain, GA. For more information contact the national office.
September 15th: Rally at Woolwine, VA guest speakers will include Louis Beam. The rally field will be open at 12:00 noon, there will be plenty of campsites and food will be available. For more information contact the Aryan Christian Knights P.O. Box 202 Brownsummit, NC 27214 or call 703-930-2314.
October 27th: There will be a streetwalk in Decauter, Mississippi at 1:00 pm and a rally in Forest. This rally is very important we need to get everybody there that can come, remember this is where the niggers burnt down our meeting hall. We need to show the niggers and the towns people that we take care of our own. For more information contact Marcus at 601-775-8869 or Bobby at 601-469-4673, or contact the national office.
November 10th: There will be a covered dish dinner to celebrate the anniversary of the Greensboro shootings. This rally is sponsered by the Confederate Knights of America and the Aryan Christian Knights. We feel that if we are to be constantly condemned for the shootings that we may as well have a good time. We are trying to make this a yearly function. For more information contact Jody at 703-956-4681 or contact the national office.
LIES- ZERO, TRUTH- THREE MILLION
Recently at the Auschwits-Birkenau death camp memorial, plaques attesting to four million "victims" of the great Nazi extermination plan, have been taken down. The reason behind their removal is that recent historical studies indicate a significantly lower amount of 1.1 million as the highest number that can be documented. This means the biggest lie ever told has been reduced by one half.
We have all had the holocost lie thrown in our face time and time again. At these very camps a supposed twelve thousand jews a day were burned in open pits during the spring and summer
(3)
of 1944. Every jew will testify to this, yet during the same time frame, Allied forces reconnisance photos fail to show any trace of smoke or burning bodies in pits. This fact can be proven by the records of the U.S. Intelligence Agency.
So here we have something so astounding that all the worlds history books should be rewritten. But will they? I don't think so. One would think such an earthshaking discovery would be front page news throughout the civilized world. In fact it would have had it been the other way around, but this story was found in the back of a South Carolina news paper in only 181 jewish sympathizing words.
To this writer this only proves that the media is jewish owned and ran, and that the jews have been blatantly lying to our faces. There have been hundreds of television documentaries and movies dealing with the holohoax story and not one has ever spoken truthfully. On the contrary, they have had their own jewish scientist on the screen feeding the viewers a straight faced out and out lie.
How much longer will we put up with this white man? The time is now to educate your children,friends and co-workers. Don't let the lie persist in the mind of any white person you come in contact with.
WHITE POWER!!!
Jeff Kelly 1st Lt. SSA
^	FEDS, FRIEND OR FOE
Often the question comes up on the rally fields about the federal government and how they stand on the issue of race. Well, to any of us who have been arpund the movement for any length of time, the answer became very clear. We of the white movement have no friends outside of our own circles. To some of our newest people the feds may seem to be friendly and sympathetic to our cause, but the rest of us have had the truth drilled into us time and time again. Lets look at our own case in Mississippi that is going on right now. In late April we had a rally just outside of Forest, and shortly after someone burned down our meeting hall. Remember the feds saying if your civil rights are ever violated we will act in your behalf, well sure enough the feds were called in because our civil rights had been violated. We in the CKA had already gathered up a lot of information on the case. We handed over message line tapes of a nigger calling and threating to bum down the Klavem, then the same nigger called to brag about doing it. In the next few days he called back to threaten more houses and also certain members. After checking around the local nigger joints, we got a good lead on where the calls came from. The crime lab eventualy said that it was arson and the feds traced the nigger caller several times to the business that only has a few employees. After all of this there still hasn't been an arrest. It seems like either the feds are complete idiots or that they are deliberately dragging their feet in the case. When we think about it we realize that ZOG can't afford to have the Klan win a civil rights violation case because it would undo thirty years of their work, that is of raising the niggers to an advantageous position. Let's face it the feds are just like their jewish masters, and will do anything to keep a white man down. There will be more updates on Mississippi in coming issues.
The BATTLE FLAG is issued by the national office of the Confederate Knights of America at P.O. Box 602 Huntersville, NC 28078. Subscriptions to the Battle Flag are $15.00 a year, foreign subscriptions are $25.00 per year. We would like to encourage support in the form of gift subscriptions to people who are sympathetic to the cause of white racial resistance.