“THE SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN”
Issue #3	March	3rd,	1990
AN OPEN LETTER TO THE GEORGIA ACTIVE SERVICE UNIT by Terry Boyce, Imperial Wizard, C.K.A.
One thing about right-wing and racial nationalist
publications---they get around. They're passed from hand to hand
and circulate in the most far-flung and peculiar places.
That's why I'm going to take this opportunity to address a few
Bulletin of the Confederate Knights of America
-2-
words to the group or individual calling themselves "Americans for a Competent Federal Judicial System", which last December introduced itself to the public with a bang. Two bangs, actually.
In doing so, I'm making a couple of big assumptions. The first one I referred to just now, the assumption that eventually some dog-eared, tattered copy of this issue of BATTLE FLAG will find its way into the right hands. I don't have the foggiest idea who these people are. Nobody does, least of all the FBI. But given the fact that each individual copy of any racial or rightist publication is read by at least two dozen people on the average, and the copy mailed to a subscriber in California can end up anywhere from Georgia to Germany, I think it's a chance worth taking.
The second assumption----BIG assumption----is that "Americans
For a Competent Federal Judicial System" exists at all outside the feverish imagination of the Federal creators of conspiracy scenarios. It is entirely possible that those Christmas presents were sent by a lone individual with no connection at all to any Movement group.
It is also a very likely theory that the bombs were mailed by a Federal COINTELPRO type operation gone berserk. They've done similar things in the past. They've never gone quite so far as to take out one of their own judges before, but they did rub out three faggots at the Shelby III porno bookstore in 1987 and try to frame two White activists for the killings. The precedent for the Justice Department informally executing United States citizens within the country was set in Shelby. This sort of thing is perfectly well known to have been occurring for years outside the country where the C.I.A. is involved, so why not internally? Is assassinating a Federal judge and some expendable NAACP nigger in order to gain credibility for some bizarre plot against our Constitutional rights really so utterly incredible for a government which has given us Watergate, Iran-Contra, and Fort Smith?
Then again, it might not even be our lords and masters up on the Potomac involved. Their scruples are thin; the scruples of the Israeli Mossad/Anti-Defamation League apparatus are non-existent. In December of 1988 the Mossad/ADL coldly and brutally planted a bomb in a Pan American airliner which exploded over Lockerbie, Scotland and killed all on board, in order to derail upcoming tentative contacts between dissident elements in the Washington ZOG and the Palestine Liberation Organization by blaming the bombing on radical Palestinians. The Jonathan Pollard spy case indicates that this same foreign terrorist group operates within the U.S. as well as outside the country. Searchers for the mail bomber might be well advised to stop digging up junk dealers' septic tanks in Alabama and start looking at some filthier sewage in New York, Tel Aviv, and Silver Springs, Maryland.
-3-
But for the moment we'll assume that the "official” scenario is correct and that the bombs were sent by a legitimate armed resistance unit. It is now to this group, real or hypothetical, that I'd like to address myself.
First off, let me make it clear that neither Judge Robert Vance nor that nigger NAACP lawyer in Savannah deserve any sympathy, nor will they get any from me. They were not victims, they were victimizers who made their living through depriving White Americans of their right to life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness. They got what they deserved. I deplore the use of violence and murder in politics, but I wouldn't give ten cents to bring either of the sons of bitches back to life.
Secondly, I understand and respect the courage which it took for this person or persons unknown to get up off their knees and physically strike back at the most vicious and evil tyranny in human history. They are risking either death or years of living hell in someplace like Marion or Leavenworth, in conditions which those of us who have not undergone such a fate cannot begin to imagine. For me or anyone else to condemn their decision to stake everything that tyranny might not walk unanswered and unchallenged would be cheap and contemptible. I will not do so.
That having been said, I believe that they are WRONG. They are wrong because as atrocious as things are in this country right now and as quickly as they are deteriorating, the vast majority of White people still are not psychologically or morally ready for armed insurrection. This means that they will not support any such attempt and therefore any such effort must fail. We cannot afford to fail. It is absolutely essential that we in the Resistance start using our heads and not go flying off half-cocked into wild, pointless and self-destructive frontal attacks against a powerful, entrenched, and increasingly desperate enemy.
Brothers and sisters, we have GOT to start learning to live and work in the real world, to accept things as they are and not as we wish they were. This means avoiding tactics and concepts that aren't reality-based, i.e. which don't work. Armed revolt is an idea whose time has not yet come and won't come for an indefinite future. The people of Romania overthrew the Communist dictator Ceausescu only when the conditions of life in their country became literally unlivable. Conditions in America are still very comfortable, not merely livable, for the vast majority of White people. The only result of armed attacks at this point in our development will be more White people in prison and a gold mine of propaganda for our enemies, as well as excuses to being in more repressive and unconstitutional "hate crime" laws.
I'm asking the "Americans for a Competent Federal Judicial System" to STOP IT. Quit while you're ahead. The Feebie stumblebums
obviously haven't got a clue. LEAVE IT THAT WAY. Disband, disperse, and disappear. They may even try to flush you out by framing some obviously innocent White activist. If that happens, don't rise to the bait. That's the occupational risk we all live with.
Because if you can accomplish this-----to strike twice at the
enemy and then NOT GET CAUGHT-----you will have left us a legacy
worth far more than some dead hack in a black robe or a black skin. You will have destroyed the myth of Federal invincibility once and for all. We all understand, I think, that this is what makes a frameup so likely. The FBI simply can't afford to fail; their reputation has been tottering for years and can't survive a psychological defeat like this. The damage to enemy morale will be beyond calculation.
And above all else, I'm going to ask you to SEVER ALL CONNECTIONS you may have with the existing White racialist movement. Because if you are close to any Klansmen, National
Socialists, Identity people or whatever---they're going with you if
and when the Federals come for you. What you have done is your decision, brothers. Don't take anybody with you who doesn't want to go.
Mississippi Grand Dragon Marcus Blanton reports that the city council in Jackson are dragging their feet on granting the parade permit for the April 28th march. Attorney Kirk D. Lyons has been called in to mediate and has contacted the city officials to ensure that the permit is issued in a timely manner. Contact Marcus at P.0. Box 86, Harpersville, MS. 39080 for details on the April march and rally, which will mark the official return of the Klan to the Magnolia State after a hiatus of many years.
On February 10th about 120 people gathered at a Populist Party meeting in Clemmons, N.C. to hear a number of speakers, foremost among whom were Texas attorney Kirk Lyons who is in the process of creating the Patriots' Legal Defense Foundation in Houston to provide legal services for the White Resistance. Lyons' impassioned, humorous, and hard-hitting speech was definitely the highlight of the evening, but also present were a number of key Populist Party figures, including two Congressional candidates from
Non Sibi Sed Anthar
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
MISSISSIPPI UPDATE
LYONS SPEAKS IN NORTH CAROLINA
-5-
Kentucky and New Jersey, North Carolina Klan school board candidate Billy Kottcamp from Sanford, and N.C. Populist chairman A.J. Barker. Halfway through the dinner a bomb threat interrupted the proceedings and Forsyth County deputies came in with sniffer dogs to check for explosives. We again ask that readers contact Kirk D. Lyons at 2323 McCue Rd. Suite #2, Houston, Texas 77056. He is doing what is possibly the most important task in the Movement right now. Give him your support.
ACTIVISM INCREASING IN VIRGINIA
The Virginia state office of the Confederate Knights of America is now publishing a small unit newsletter. An organizational meeting for the state will be held on Saturday, March 10th in a private location near Martinsville. This will be a covered-dish dinner, so please bring something along the line of fried chicken. Cokes, potato salad, whatever. Contact Virginia Grand Dragon Jody Trainham for further details at P.0. Box 836, Ridgeway, VA. 24148.
COVINGTON ELECTION CAMPAIGN ROLLING ON
The candidacy of C.K.A. Publications Director Harold A. Covington for the North Carolina General Assembly is proceeding well. Covington filed on January 17th as a candidate in the Republican primary for 64th District House of Representatives. His opponent in the May 8th will be George Batten Jr., a yuppie 'droid in a three-piece suit employed by Northern Telecom in the Research Triangle Park. Batten ran against incumbent Betty Wiser in the 1988 general election and lost by only 462 votes, even though he ran a virtually non-existent campaign. Batten thus far seems to be a rather lackluster, colorless individual and sources within the Wake County GOP say that he is regarded simply as a "useful idiot", a name they routinely stick on the ballot to fill in the blank and who may be relied upon to do as he is told should he be elected.
"Covington for N.C. House" bumper stickers and 24" X 24" posters bearing the Confederate Battle Flag have now been printed. The bumper stickers will be sent to anyone making a campaign donation; if a poster is desired as well please specify and add a 45 cent stamp.
DALLAS SKINHEADS CONVICTED IN SHOW TRIAL
The bizarre Federal conspiracy trial of five young White men in Dallas, Texas who are accused of being Skinheads has ended in convictions. Sentencing for the five dissidents will be in April, with a possible ten years on each "count".

-6-
The essence of the Federal case was "thoughtcrime". The prosecution tried to show that Sean C. Tarrant and four other young men held unauthorized opinions on such subjects as race, Zionism, etc, and that alleged criminal acts "were the natural and logical consequence" of these heretical thoughts. The government is attempting to establish a legal precedent here, to wit that any departure from authorized thought entails criminal acts as a "natural and logical consequence". This is of course a legal monstrosity, not to mention a moral one, but evidently Federal prosecutors are quite serious about it.
The actual criminal acts which are supposed to provide the proof of this putrescent pudding are arguably the most grotesque, ludicrous parodies of evidence ever to disgrace a Federal courtroom. Most of the testimony came from nigger homosexual transvestite prostitutes who claim that they felt "intimidated and harassed" by the presence of the Skinheads in a public park in Dallas where they conduct their business. [Don/t be surprised if the five defendants end up accused of "restraint of trade". The proceedings were just about that absurd.] The five were also accused of lighting a small cross in the park, calling a nigger a nigger, wearing red suspenders and Doc Marten boots, and shaving their heads.
But in addition the above intolerable five-man crime wave,
there was the prosecutorial piece de resistance---are you ready for
this? They were accused of plotting to gas Jews by pumping cyanide gas into the air conditioning system of a synagogue! ("Oy vay, shades of ze Holocaust already! I had fifty-six of mine closest relatives gassed at a Hadassah bingo dinner for Israel Bonds!") Did the prosecution have any proof of this utterly insane piece of
fantasy? You betcha! They produced----you guessed it!----a genuine
hose-nosed, tattoo-waving HOLOCAUST SURVIVOR! His evidence? That before World War Two some Nazis painted swastikas on his synagogue in Germany! Gad, what pathos! March those five young hooligans straight to the electric chair!
You think we're joking? We wish we were. You'd think there would be some kind of lower limit of blatant, imbecile falsehood below which even the Federal government of the United States cannot sink. Evidently not. Write to Sean Tarrant care of his wife Elizabeth, P.0. Box 741314, Dallas, TX. 75374-1314. I'd say he and the boys need some moral and financial support in a bad way. A special thanks to G.C. White for the above details.
VICTORY IN FAYETTEVILLE
On February 20th, the Confederate Knights of America assisted the White community in Fayetteville, North Carolina in winning a small but satisfying victory against that insidious Martin Luther
-7-
King cult. The Fayetteville City Council voted 6-3 along straight racial lines to reject an NAACP-inspired motion to re-name the U.S. 401 Bypass after Martin Luther King, Jr. Nigger Councilnanny Ida Ross lost her cool and screamed at her White colleagues that they were all racists and that they hated Martin Luther King. Maybe they were——a lot of White people who aren't in the Klan or the Movement are starting to get a bit weary of this idolization of a Communist sexual deviate, and there is no law that makes White politicians immune to ordinary human reactions. Plus they can count heads and nothing concentrates the mind of a political hack more than the prospect of being punished at the polls.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that this victory was won by the C.K.A. Fayetteville unit under the leadership of David Mehus. Our people in Cumberland County handled petitions, knocked on doors, spoke with people in the streets and business owners along the by-pass, addressed council meetings, wrote letters to the editors and the White council members, and made sure that when the issue came to a vote the White opponents of the motion turned out at the meeting. They did not wear robes or other strange garb. They did not scream in the streets waving a sign, getting supporters ID'ed and cataloged in enemy computers and fired from their jobs. They participated in the political process as it is, here in the real world, not as we might like it to be in some fantasy world of our own devising.
Above all, the Klan participation in this event was INVISIBLE. Robert Miles has pointed out, correctly, that the Klan has historically been most effective when it functions as a submarine rather than as a battleship. David and all of his associates would have been absolutely useless had they gotten up and publicly identified themselves as Klansmen. Their views would have been shouted down, their sympathizers on the council would have run for cover, and the motion probably would have been passed in an atmosphere of anti-Klan hysteria.
Instead, our race won a victory. A small victory, to be sure. A victory which may yet be reversed and lost. And yet we did win this one. It's a good sign. The British National Socialist Colin Jordan has said that our Movement generally has a very big heart
and a very small head. At long last----slowly, painfully, and with
much resistance to overcome from those who cling stubbornly to the old ways, there is one organization in the White right who are beginning to use our heads. And we're starting to win these small but significant victories.
NEW ADDRESS FOR RALEIGH UNIT
The address for the Raleigh/Wake County local unit of the Confederate Knights of America is P.0. Box 13211, Research Triangle
-8-
Park, N.C. 27709. The unit phone number is 919-821-2663. Local unit mail should be sent to this address rather than to the Publications Office.
FIRST DIXIE PRESS ITEMS GO ON SALE
One of the main necessities for a successful political organization is a reliable infrastructure of supply and support facilities. Dixie Press is envisioned as the propaganda arm of the Confederate Knights, but much more than that. We hope to reach a level within the fairly near future where we can function as a support body for the Movement as a whole, especially the small independent groups springing up like wildfire all across the country. Some day we want to be in a position to provide at reasonable cost everything that a White political activity group
needs to function-----job printing, basic ideological and racial
books and pamphlets, ancillary items like coffee mugs and T-shirts to order, video and audio tapes, etc.
Even better, we'd like to act as a publishing house for new racialist work by young Aryan authors, and to set up viable distribution networks so that this material gets into the hands of the White public as a whole instead of just re-cycling through the ranks of the already-converted.
In order to accomplish this we are going to have to professionalize and get ourselves on a financially viable footing. We're starting out with a few odds and ends; we hope to expand our range of material rapidly. These are our present offerings:
ESSAYS OF A KLANSMAN by Louis Beam	$3.00	ea.
THE SOUTH SHALL RISE AGAIN by Harold Covington	$5.00	ea.
HUNTER by Andrew McDonald	$6.00	ea.
AGAIN! stickers (high quality vinyl)	$1.00	ea.
TALES OF THE H0L0H0AX (comic book)	$2.50	ea.
BATTLE FLAG (12 issue subscription)	$15.00
The above prices are temporary and may be adjusted up or down as our stocking and ordering procedures get sorted out. We are also now able to provide bulk copies of any of our leaflets you desire. Prices for these are available on request and vary with the amount ordered. North Carolina residents should add 5% sales tax, and please add $1.50 shipping costs to all orders to placate our greedy post office.
Orders should be sent to Dixie Press at P.0. Box 1321, Raleigh, N.C. 27602, C.S.A. Membership and activity inquiries for the Confederate Knights of America should be sent to the National Office at P.0. Box 602, Huntersville, N.C. 28078 C.S.A.