Issue #2
January 30th, 1990
Stop being part of the problem, become part of the solution —
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS - WHITE UNITY IN PRACTICE by Terry Boyce - Imperial Wizard, C.K.A.
The way I figure it, we're about due for another round of calls for "White unity" that periodically occur within the Movement. We shouldn't be dividing our forces and weakening our efforts, so we are told. Uniting all the various groups makes sense, so we hear.
We agree. That's why in the Confederate Knights of America we don't just talk about White unity. We practice it.
We practice White unity where it counts-------on the street
marches and the rally fields and in the meeting halls. By that I don't mean we hold formal conferences and form paper fronts with other organizations that crumple within a few months. We've gone that route and it didn't work. So we quit arguing and theorizing and making big pronouncements about White unity and just started working with White people who feel the same as we do, and not worrying too much about whatever label they were wearing at the time.
Especially since the labels tend to change fairly frequently, but for better or worse the people involved stay the same. And it's the people who count*
Bulletin of the Confederate Knights of America
-2-
There are people in this Movement (or I should say who claim to be part of the Movement) who don't want to work with Klansmen. There are people in this Movement (ditto the above) who don't want to work with National Socialists. There are people in this Movement who refer to Skinheads as punks and weirdos because they don't wear suits and carry Bibles. There are people in this Movement who won't work with Identity Christians because they do (some of them) wear suits and carry Bibles. To make a long and stupid story short, there people who proclaim themselves to be affiliated with the White racial resistance who evidently would far rather that the Zionist Occupation Government continues than see certain other individuals and groups of White people participate in the solution.
The Confederate Knights has a very simple policy. We are in this for the future of the White race, and we will assist and associate ourselves with anv White group or individual who can show us that they are sincerely working to free our people from bondage. If you're White and you want to get in on this fight, then you're OK by the C.K.A.
The only exception we make is with groups and individuals who are actively spreading lies and slander about the Confederate Knights and attempting to undermine our work within the racial struggle. As is to be expected there are a few of those. Matter of fact we'd feel we were doing something wrong if there weren't. But they're all either A.D.L. or else damned fools and crooks we wouldn't have around anyway, so they don't really count.
Naturally, we'd like to persuade the best and most active people in the resistance to join the C.K.A. We think we've got the better mousetrap, and we're looking forward to proving it. If we like what somebody is doing we're going to try to recruit them and we make no apologies for that. But what is important is the overall postive effect that an activity or an idea or an individual has on our own people and the overall negative effect on the enemy.
If you're doing White folks good and ZOG bad, we'll give you any
kind of help we can---and you don't have to sign on the dotted line
before we'll give you the time of day.
********** Ifc&iiSF	*	*	*	*
MISSISSIPPI MARCH SCHEDULED; ACTIVITY LEVEL GROWING
The Confederate Knights of America will be holding a march and a rally in Mississippi on Saturday, April 28th, which is the old Confederate Memorial Day. There will be a street march in the state capital of Jackson in order to inaugurate officially the return of
Non Sibi Sed Anthar
-3-
the Ku Klux Klan to the Magnolia State. We are asking for as wide an attendance as possible at this event; it's important. For years Mississippi has been viciously slandered and abused by the liberal establishment and the entertainment media, most notably in the recent left-liberal cinematic extravaganza Mississippi Burning. It's time that we stood up for the White people of this embattled Southern state. We'd like to see everybody at this street march in
Jackson on April 28th--representatives from every Klan, Skinheads,
Christian Identity, Posse Comitatus, National Socialists, a whole broad spectrum of Movement ideas and involvement.
After the street there will be a rally on an extensive private field in south-central Mississippi. There will be a huge barbecue (two pigs are laid on already for a traditional Southern pigpicking) , speeches and of course the traditional cross-lighting--
the first one in a long time in Mississippi. Some camping facilities will be available; further details will be published in BATTLE FLAG as they become available.
Folks, we've got three months to get this event together. Please, everybody make plans to attend NOW. Organize time off from work, organize transportation, and start putting your loose change into the cookie jar for expenses.
In other Mississippi action, there is now a recorded White Power Message in the Magnolia State. The number is 601-775-3238. Grand Dragon Marcus Blanton is also organizing efforts to resist the NAACP's latest campaign to remove the Confederate Battle Flag emblem from the Mississippi state flag. Contact Marcus at P.0. Box 86| Harpersville, MS. 39080.
CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS MARCH IN TENNESSEE
On Saturday, January 13th the Confederate Knights provided a large contingent for the annual Klan Homecoming event in Pulaski, Tennessee. Every year Klanspeople from all over gather in Pulaski to celebrate the founding of the KKK in a law office in Pulaski in December of 1865; the date is moved forward a month so as not to conflict with Christmas and to coincide with the Martin Lucifer Coon holiday.
This year the Pulaski Town Council, in a hysterical bid to stop the Klan, had decreed a whole passle of new city ordinances directed at halting the yearly parades. All of them except one were struck down by a court, but that one stated that only a single parade per day was allowed in Pulaski. By then some group of niggers and White left-wingers had already booked (or should we say booga-booga'ed?) the usual parade route, and so the Klan groups split into two columns. One marched in the town of Lewsiville, Tennessee, but the C.K.A. contingent paraded in Lawrenceburg.
-4-
One experienced "old hand" stated that the Lawrenceburg inarch was the only street activity he had ever attended in almost ten years where there was no sign of enemy opposition at all. Roughly
600 local people---at least half the town's total population-----
lined the sidewalks in freezing weather to see the Klan force of approximately 250 people, a similar number having gone to Lewisville to march. The local police were cool and professional, and in a rare moment of First Amendment freedom allowed the C.K.A. to distribute literature along the parade route. Over 2,000 pieces of literature were passed out and already the C.K.A. has been approached by a group of local White men in Lawrenceburg about forming a unit.
The only protest of any kind observed was when a wild-eyed and disheveled individual stole an American flag from a nearby building, stuffed it down the front of his trousers with several feet of the flag hanging out, and kept asking the Klansmen and Skinheads in the parade to set it on fire. The police hauled this person away and apologized for his behavior, claiming that this noble anti-racist was "the village idiot" and had escaped from his relatives. No doubt Irwin Suall of the A.D.L. can obtain the address of this heroic battler against bigotry from the Lawrenceburg police and put him on the talk show circuit along with Tom Martinez and Greg Withrow.
The day was capped by a rally on private land outside Pulaski, along with speeches and the traditional cross-lighting ceremony. At the special invitation of Knights of the KKK security chief Ed Novak, C.K.A. Imperial Wizard Terry Boyce wound up the speakers with a rousing call for White unity and solidarity between Klanspeople, Skinheads, and National Socialists.
COVINGTON FILES FOR N.C. GENERAL ASSEMBLY SEAT
Confederate Knights Publications Director Harold A. Covington has filed as a candidate for the North Carolina House of Representatives in District 64, which covers parts of Raleigh, Garner, Cary, and rural Wake County. The seat is currently held by the incumbent Democrat Betty Wiser, who is facing a tough primary against her machine-back Democratic opponent, Raleigh lawyer Robert Hensley. At the time of publication of this issue of BATTLE FLAG, no other Republican has filed to face Covington in the primary.
LYONS TO SPEAK IN NORTH CAROLINA
The Lone Star Barrister Kirk D. Lyons will be speaking at a Populist Party dinner in Forsyth County, N.C. on Saturday, February 10th. The price for the meal is $15.00 and it is worth every penny. Those interested in attending should contact the Publications
-5-
Office at 919-833-0987 or A.J. Barker at P.O. Box 1424, Clemmons, N.C. 27012. Kirk still needs help for his new Patriots' Defense Foundation. If you haven't sent a donation already, do so. The address is 2323 McCue Rd., Suite #2, Houston, Texas 77056.
BEWARE OF TRAITORS IN THE S.C.V.
Many Southern Nationalists and simple conservatives are members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans organization, a group ostensibly devoted to preserving the Southern heritage and honoring our ancestors who fell in the fight for freedom during the First Rebellion in 1861-65. The Sons of Confederate Veterans are allegedly a non-profit, non-political association.
Over the past few years, however, there have been a number of indications that all is not what it should be in the S.C.V. leadership as far as political bias goes. This has culminated in an accusation which, if true I is just about one of the foulest things we've ever heard of. We hope it isn't true, but Michael Hoffman II in his excellent newsletter RESEARCHER has reported that the Sons of Confederate Veterans have been submitting the names, addresses, and biographical information on their current members and on all new applicants to the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai Brith for "screening” to remove any possible Southern Nationalists or other White political dissidents.
According to RESEARCHER, the head of the Tampa chapter or "camp" of the S.C.V., William Hogan, has made statements to several meetings and in private to the effect that this is taking place. To be fair, the national leader of the S.C.V., William Faggert, officially denies the charge.
We want to be fair in this, because the implications here are staggering in their breathtaking vileness. For any group or person who claims to honor and perpetuate the tradition of Forrest, Morgan, and Sam Davis to commit such an act of treachery would be utterly obscene and a new record depth of depravity in the annals of White racial treason. Without being overly dramatic, surely the soul of any descendant of the soldiers in gray who did such a thing would burn in Hell.
We'd like for as many people as possible to write to the Sons of Confederate Veterans, P.O. Box 5164, Hattiesburg, MS. 39401 and demand a full and complete explanation and a flat denial that anything of this nature ever has taken place or ever will take place. Make your letters STRONG. Copies of THE RESEARCHER may be obtained from Wiswell Ruffin House, P.O. Box 1449, Temecula, CAL. 92390. Please enclose $2.00 postage and single copy fee. Hoffman also publishes excellent Holocaust revisionist material, by the way.
m hhjbhih
-6-
CARTO REFUSES COVINGTON AD
While we're on the subject of conservatives who sabotage the racial resistance movement, we'd like to point out that Willis Carto of Liberty Lobby has refused to run a small classified ad in SPOTLIGHT for Harold Covington's North Carolina General Assembly bid. Covington's ad copy and his check for $234.00 was returned by SPOTLIGHT advertising manager James M. Wolfington with the cryptic notation that the innocuously-worded ad offering information on the Covington campaign "was not in the interests of SPOTLIGHT". It is widely known throughout the Movement that no one at SPOTLIGHT or the Institute for Historical Review so much as sneezes without Willis Carto's approval; it may be safely assumed that this decision to freeze out potential "competition" came from Carto himself. Carto is alleged to be extremely jealous of the success of David Duke in Louisiana and desirous of discouraging anyone from following in his footsteps. Be that as it may, our readers might want to drop Mr. Carto a line and request an explanation. SPOTLIGHT'S address is 300 Independence Avenue S.E., Washington D.C. 20003,
INTERESTING NEW MATERIAL AVAILABLE
A number of small entrepeneurs and independent publishers around the country are producing a wide variety of racialist material ranging from books and videos down to stickers, T-shirts, etc. Two of these have come up with some especially good stuff. "Ethical Integrity", 12 Carroll St., Suite #109, Westminster MD. 21157 has a range of two-color stickers featuring such luminaries as John Wilkes Booth, Senator Theodore Bilbo from Mississippi, and the Reverend Jesse Jackson. Drop them a couple of bucks and ask for samples; you'll want to order more.
Jim Hazel has produced several good items including "The Expandable Congress Is a Joke Book." Drop him a buck at P.0. Box 1445, Hillsboro, OR. 97123 and ask him for an introductory packet of his material.
HELP THE INDICTED DALLAS SKINHEADS
As most readers will be aware, ZOG has another Fort Smith-style show trial pending in Dallas, Texas. Sean Christian Tarrant and a number of other Skinheads, nobody seems quite sure how many, are facing their first major court appearance in early February
(unless ZOG diddles them around again, which is likely-------it is
unbelievably difficult to get any concrete information as to what's going on in this case.) The arrested Skins are getting a dose of
"diesel therapy"---being moved from prison to prison to get them in
and out of various court jurisdictions and to keep their lawyers.
-7-
their families, and their mail one step behind them.
This trial is of interest because it is the first time Whites have been charged with a new thoughtcrime dreamed up by ZOG, "conspiracy to commit ethnic intimidation”. The intimidation in question seems to have consisted of appearing in a public park in Dallas with shaven heads while wearing red suspenders and Doc Marten boots, thus causing mental anguish to blacks, Jew, and Hispanics. Evidently one can now be arrested and held without bond here in the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave for the crime of wearing the wrong items of apparel. These young mens' choice of ensemble could get them life imprisonment.
Mail will eventually reach Sean and the other defendants through Elizabeth Tarrant, P.0. Box 741314, Dallas, Texas 75374-1314; also through Steve Hickey, P.0. Box 90082, East Ridge, TN. 37412. This case is still very confused; we will report further in future BATTLE FLAGS.
NO COMMENT ON BOMBINGS
We were originally going to run an extended commentary on the Georgia-style Santa Claus who sent those noisy Christmas packages to the Federal judge in Alabama and the NAACP monkoid in Savannah, but at press time it appears the FBI is planning on framing an elderly Alabama junk dealer who made the mistake several years ago of suing an insurance company in the Eleventh District Federal Court. We presume that the pressure on the Feebies is so intense to get somebody, ANYBODY on this rap that they've picked Mr. O'Ferrell as candidate for the frame. We will therefore hold off until we see what kind of tragi-comic farce these brutal swine in three-piece suits are going to lay on us this time.
TORTURE OF P.O.W.S. CONTINUES AT MARION
Prisoners being held in the infamous Control Unit at Marion Federal Penitentiary, including many top White resistance prisoners of war, are being systematically deprived of every constitutional right and are regularly, methodically tortured in various ways. Due to the lack of any kind of meaningful legal representation these practices will continue for the forseeable future. The C.K.A. Publications office will send inquirers who submit a business envelope bearing 45 cents postage a free copy of a report by Paul Hall of the JUBILEE newsletter detailing among other things the poisoning of the Marion water supply with PCBs.
It is essential that the White resistance movement as a whole standardize and centralize its support for our prisoners of war. There are several excellent prisoner support projects now being run
-8-
by the Aryan Nations and other groups. This Movement has a terrible history of leaving those who have given all for their race hanging out to dry with no support, no letters, and no legal assistance that means anything. It is indeed a wonder that so many of our P.O.W.s have stood up as well as they have done.
As individuals we may agree or disagree with the decision to take up armed struggle against the regime. But we should also bear in mind that the vast majority of our prisoners are either just plain innocent of the ZOG charges against them or else their cases are so badly tainted with perjury, jury-tampering. Federal interference and judicial incompetence that guilt or innocence becomes a secondary consideration. Take a few minutes and a 25 cent stamp, and write to a prisoner today!
SS FORMING NEW UNITS FOR SKINHEAD ACTIVISTS
The Skinhead-oriented Security Service, a uniformed formation for young people, is growing in numbers and expanding its areas of influence. There are now two SS units in South Carolina and two in Virginia as well as the two parent units in N.C. Skins who are interested in getting involved with a disciplined and racially-aware outfit which will give them ideological awareness, direction and comradeship in place of a mere street-gang lifestyle should contact Shelley at P.O. Box 221205, Charlotte, N.C. 28222 or the main SS unit at P.O. Box 1253, Huntersville, N.C. 28078.
BATTLE FLAG IS A HIT
The reception which we have received from our first issue of BATTLE FLAG has been 100% favorable, even as crudely done as it was. As you can see, we have already been able to make some graphic improvements in the newsletter, as well as expand the length. The Publications Office hopes that we will be able to maintain this eight-page, two-color format and continue to improve our overall presentation. We are reasonably confident we will be able to get out one issue per month to begin with and then possibly expand to bi-weekly. We would like to be able to add features such as a letters to the editor column, a humor section, cartoons, etc.
BATTLE FLAG is issued by the Publications Office of the Confederate Knights of America, P.O. Box 1321, Raleigh, N.C. 27602, Confederate States of America. The National Office of the C.K.A. may be contacted at P.O. Box 602, Huntersville, N.C. 28078. Subscriptions to BATTLE FLAG are $15.00 per year, and we would like to encourage support in the form of gift subscriptions to persons whom our readers know to be sympathetic to the cause of the White racial resistance.
#