VROUNA KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN
of my candidacy for the office of State Senator from the 9th District which presently includes the counties of Johnston and Sampson#
announced candidacy of Mr Stephen M. Bufkin for the House of Representatives. I would expect and of course, appreciate an equal amount of free publicity.
I am running strictly on a Ku Klux Klan platform and I will not attempt to camouflage my White Supremacy beliefs.
Both sides of my family have been tabacco farmers back thru my great grandfathers, therefore, the interests of farmers will be uppermost in my mind.
^-2. I will demand that our state proclaim a WHITE HISTORY MONTH just as they have proclaimed a BLACK HISTORY MONTH.
JK* I will form a WHITE POLITICAL CAUCUS in our state General Assembly just as there - is already a BLACK POLITICAL CAUCUS.
of the U.S. Constitution and by the State Constitution.
Jf* I will work to discourage non-white immigration into our state.
I will work to expose active communists in our state.
^ 1£» I will establish a system wherein White parents can call me directly to report
forcement officials refuse to investigate these reports.
}1. Since the Mayor of Washington DC saw fit to present the Reverend Ben Chavis of the Black Wilmington 10 with a key to that city, I will demand that the Mayor of Raleigh present the key to Raleigh to the White Wilmington One, Lawrence R. Little.
12. 1 will work to insure that ALL citizens are free at all times to visit schools and inspect school books and other educational media.
Editor
Smithfield Herfild Smithfield, N. C.
State Headquarters Route 1, Box 386 Angler, NC 27501 (Telt (919-89U-52*))
KKK Recorded Messages
Ebfltttkgbc (919)
Kinston	523-1771
Smithfield	93U-U1*93
Lillington	893-9327
2
CJ/cKK-
This is to inform you and hopefully via your paper, the citizens of Johnston County,
I noted your 19 January edition, wherein you devoted a 1/h page article to the
I will work to do away with racial "quota systems’* in hiring, which discriminates against the White majority.
I will work to restore the Bible and Prayer back into our public schools.
I will work to outlaw abortion on demand.
I will work to protect our right to beqr arms as protected by the 2nd amendment
5.
6.
7.
cases of assault and intimidation against their school children wh^n law en-
2
I will propose an amendment to the State constitution which will require all legislators to state in writing, their belief or non-belief in the divinity of Jesus Christ*
Whereas our public school systems are required to teach Black history. Black achievemonts, and Bluck Culture, 1 will work to require our public school systems to toach White history. White achievements, and White Culture*
My qualifications for this office are as follows:
1*	20 years service in the U.S. Army having retired in 1979 at the rank of
Master Sergeant, £-6*
2*	2 years combat service in the Republic of Vietnam fighting against Communism*
3* 15 years as a U.S. Army paratrooper, 13 years of which were with the elite Special Forces Green Berets*
U. Completed 2 years advanced education in Agricultural Mechanization at Johnston Technical Institute*
I firmly believe that since we of the Ku Klux Klan have the courage and patriotism to openly and proudly stand up for America and against Communism, then the voters of Johnston and Sampson counties should have the courage and patriotism to vote us into political leadership of our state, so that we can work to restore sanity back into our government, and thereafter start our state and our country back on the road to the instauration of our country and our people*
C.K.K.K.K.
Rt 1, Box 386
Angler, NC 27501 (TKL: 09li-523O)
PS* I would prefer an article similar to that given to Mr Bufkin, but should you dream up grounds to disapprove this, you may put this in the form of a letter-to-the-editor*
Sincerely yours, rGLENN
Grand Dragon