MAY
1991
KLAN MESSAGE
(919)
492-700
CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS of the KU KLUX KLAN Bx.4l4. Henderson. N. C. P7«iT^>
THE CHARACTER OF YOUR NEWSPAPER THE MOST EVIL FORCE IN AMERICAN LIFE TODAY.
How about your press, is it honest? The shocking but truthful answer to that question was given by John Swinton, one of the best-loved newspaper men in the United States, the dean of his profession. At the annual dinner of the American Press Association in 1914, John Swinton, the one-time editor of the New York Times, a Jewish-owned paper, when called upon for a toast to journalism and the press of America, responded as follows:
“There is no such thing as an independent press in America, if we except those of the little country towns. You know this and I know it. Not a man among you dares to utter his honest opinion. Were you to utter it, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. Anyone who was so foolish as to write his honest opinion would soon be out on the street looking for another job. I am paid $150 a week for keeping my honest opinion out of the paper with which I am connected. You are paid similar salaries for similar conduct and if you or I allowed your honest opinions to appear in one issue of our papers, before twentyrfour hours had elapsed we would be out on the street looking for another job and our occupation would be gone. It is the duty of the New York journalist to destroy the truth, to lie, to pervert, to revile, to vilify, to toady and fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread or, what amounts to the same thing, his salary. You know it and I know it, and what folly it is for us to be here today toasting to an independent press. We are the tools and vassals of the rich behind the scenes. We are jumping jacks, marionettes. These men pull the strings and we dance. Our time, our talents, our capacities and our lives are all the property of these men. We are intellectual prostitutes."
WORLD PRESS CONTROL
While John Swinton was referring to the New York press and in general to the American press, it is not generally known that virtually all forms of the news media and of general public education such as the press, the magazines, the radio, television, book publishing, textbook publishing, the motion pictures and the theatre are owned or controlled by the Jews, and; that through this control of all forms of the media the mind of the public is controlled. In general, the American public is conditioned to do what the Jews tell them to do, but, of course, that public is too ignorant and stupid to realize it. While that is the situation today in America, and it is the situation as it has existed in the nation for the past sixty years, what is the situation throughout the world concerning the matter of press control? The answer to that question was given at a meeting held in 1897 at Basel, Switzerland. That meeting in 1897, which was held under the sponsorship of Lord Edmond Rothschild of London and Jacob Schiff of New York, Mr. Theodor Herzl, author of the book, The Jewish State, which has been referred to as the Zionist’s Guide to World Conquest, arranged for the World Zionist Congress at which 197 delegates met for world planning. At that meeting Mr. Herzl stated:
“We are neither American nor Russian Jews, but only Jews, and our aim is to establish Jewish power throughout the world, and to achieve that goal it is our intention to obtain and maintain Jewish control of the press of the world and thus of the world public mind."
Mr. Herzl also Btated at that meeting that,
“In the furtherance of that objective, I may note at this time that with a few exceptions that do not figure at all, the entire press of the world is in our hands."
Theodore G. Morgan, Ph D., President, American Citizens Council.
***RACEWATCH is a publication of the Confederate Knights of the KU KLUX KLAN. The primary purpose of this publication Is to promote the WHITE RACE through CHRISTIAN IDEALS. For a free copy of RACEWATCH send SASE to P. 0. Box klh, Henderson, North Carolina 27536* Editor and Publisher, Howard Bobbitt, Grand wizard*
OVER
NOTICE
WE KNOW about the Rockefeller-Rothchild Jewish (Group) which dominates our nation — it has been Studied for years. We know that, the Group intends to enslave all of us and kill some of us, as their agents have done in countries world-wide.
WE KNOW freedom, independence, dignity (racial pride), and the protection of our women are the only things worth fighting and dying for.
WE KNOW that the politicians are not going to save us from the Group. The Jew rented prostitutes (politicians) called Senators and Congressmen of the U.S.A. are not going to save us by acts of legislation.
WE KNOW the last 80 years our freedoms have been stolen from us, our women unprotected, independence and dignity have become myths. The last four wars killed off the young white Americans for the protection of the Group’s expansion and survival.
WE KNOW our forefathers labored and thought, and came up with the three branches of government: Congress, the Executive, and the Supreme Court. But the Constitution did not protect us from the two party system. Once the Group got control of both parties, the voting process became a sham. The three branches of government have okayed the Federal Reserve, the I.R.S., several wars, OSI, foreign aid, Postal Service, an alliance with the Soviet Union, and the protection of the bandit state of Israel, to name just a few.
WE KNOW that the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were to control government — not the People.
WE KNOW that the government servants must fear the People and not the People fear the government. We know that voting the rascals out of office is not the Solution.
WE KNOW that since the negative Amendments (those after the first ten) and the illegal 14th Amendment were fraudulently and unlawfully forced upon the People. That the government OF the people and FOR the people has been usurped and reversed to be people for the government.
WE KNOW that the 2nd Amendment, the right to keep and bear arms, is to protect the people from government. The sheriffs and the police are no longer peace officers; they have become law enforcement agents for the Group.
WE KNOW our borders are no longer protected from unlawful immigration — it is time for Congress or the President to call forth the militia to protect our borders. Since they have refused to do so, We the People must call forth the unorganized militia ourselves.
WE KNOW that there is no authority to regulate the militia. The purpose of the militia is to enforce the Constitutional laws, and to suppress insurrections and repel invasion.
WE KNOW that the Group gives us authority to kill in foreign wars — but what about here at home?
IT IS TIME TO ATTACK THE PROBLEM.