RACEWATCH
The Confederate Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
OUR RACE IS OUR NATION
Hispanics
aslLS.
Census: Population’s virtually tied with African Americans
The End of White People
Join the Ku Klux Klan
Contact one of the listed groups for free information P o. Box414	P.O.Box81
Henderson, North Carolina 27536	Lexington,	Kentucky	40501
Recorded Message: 1-252-492-7000
There exist today within the White Race a special and very urgent need to understand our planned destruction. Sadly, anj regrettably, only a few Whites, up until now, have had the will power, courage, and foresight, and self-motivation to find on the facts which are causing the White Race to self-destruct.
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN IS GROWING AND DEDICATED GROUP OF White Men and White Women who believe in God and Christian Identity and are working tirelessly with racial truths to expose the enemies of our race.
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN is a non-violent, active, and disciplined White Patriots Movement.
The White Race must survive! Greed, love of money, nor lies of our enemies will stop the Ku Klux Klan. We seek a lawful and constitutional victory for the White Race. THE VICTORY MUST BE THE TOTAL SEPARATION OF THE RACES.
The Klan Viewpoint
RACEWATCH IS A PRO-WHITE JOURNAL EXPRESSING KLAN VIEWS ON TOPICS OF INTEREST TO MEMBERS OF THE WHITE RACE. READERS ARE INVITED TO SEN0 SHORT LETTERS WITH QUESTIONS ON RACIAL ISSUES TO THE EDITOR. LETTERS WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION AND WILL BE ANSWERED FROM THE KLAN VIEWPOINT.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED IN RACEWATCH AS A GENERAL RULE UNTIL FINANCIAL SUPPORT IS ASSURED. EXCEPTION WILL BE MADE FROM TIME TO TIME IN THE POLICY FOR READER ENUGHTMENT. RACEWATCH CURRENTLY HAS NO PHONE, FAX FACILITIES OR OFFICE. ALL WORK IN PUTTING RACEWATCH OUT AS A PUBLICATION IS DONE ON THE KITCHEN TABLE. HOPEFULY, WITH THE BLESSING AND DIVINE GUIDANCE OF YAHWEH, FREE WILL DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS, RACEWATCH Will BECOME AN INFLUENTIAL PUBLICATION FOR THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN
RACEWATCH HAS FRIENDS We continue to receive favorable comments on RACEWATCH. Interest continues to grow.
RACEWATCH is published by DIXIE RIVER PUBLICATIONS P.O. Box 414 Henderson, N.C. 27536
Editor & Publisher Howard Bobbitt
RACEWATCH IS A Pro-White journal published four times yearly in the months of January, April, July and October. Subscription price is $20.00 per year. Outside the U.S.A., the price is $30.00. Make all payments in U.S. Federal Reserve Notes (Paper Money) or by U.S. Post Office Issued Money Orders. SEND NO CHECKS OR BANK MONEY ORDERS.
RACEWATCH NEED YOUR SUPPORT SUBSCRIBE TODAY!
SEND CHECKS OR BANK MONEY ORDER! Make all U.S. Money Orders To :	Dixie River Publications P.O. Box 414 Henderson, N.C 27536
NAME___________________________________________
ADDRESS________________________________________
CITY
Howard Bobbitt, Editor
February is Black History Month
(The following is taken from the Official Records, spelling left as written, and reprinted from the 51st VA Co.D Oct/Nov. 2000 newsletters)
(NOTE: U.S.C.T. refers to “United States Colored Troops”)
Catlett Alfred, 20 from Richmond Va, farmer, pvt. Co. E, 1st heavy Art. USCT/Colwell Alexander, 26 framer from NC, pvt. same unit,/Turner Charles,laborer, b VA, Cpl Co. 1,38th USCT/hanged at Brownsville TX 30 July 1865 (Sheppard 13 Oct) for the gang rape of Miss Eliza Harriet Woodson (14) and Mrs. Fannie Crawford near Richmond VA during the night of 11 April 1865. The 38th USCT was transferred to TX where the three men were executed. A fourth was never seized.
Cook (or Cork) John Wesley, 23 B Wilmington, DE, laborer, pvt. Co. B 55th Mass Inf. Colored/Lloyd Spencer, 21 B Wilmington, pvt. Same unit/Smith John M. 21, b Maine, pvt. Co. A same unit/ all hanged 18 February 1864 at Camp Shaw near Jacksonville, FL for the gang rape of Mrs. Sarah Hammonds from Cedar Creek near Jacksonville in the morning of 17 February 1864. A fourth rapist was in the gang.
Grippen, James, 20, SC, pvt. Co. F 104 USCT/Redding, Ben, B SC, farmer, pvt. Co. D same unit/Leaders of a plunderer and rapist gang, hanged at Hilton Head, SC 20 or 21 November 1864 for the rapes of Miss Eusebia Heape in the night of 17 August 1864 at McPhersonville, SC Miss Florence Mew and Mrs. Mary E. McTier on 19 August. The other members of the gang escaped justice.
Jay Henry, 20, b MS, Laborer, pvt. Co. 1,57th USCT, executed 21 June 1865 for the rape of a white woman from Daranelles, AR.
Kemp Lawson, 19, b AL, farmer, pvt. 1st AL Inf. Of African Descent, Co. A 55th USCT. Executed 19 November 1863 for the rape of a young white woman near Pocahontas TN. Perhaps the first colored soldier executed in the Union army.
Friday the 13th of February 1863, Granville, a former slave, was hanged for rape. This native of Thibodeaux, LA was tried in November 1862 for his assault on Louise Leuffene, 12 and half. Lincoln approved the sentence on January 20,1863.
February is Black History Month
Part 2
Below is a letter from the committee of R.A. Claybrook, Sami. L.Straughan, and A.J. Brent:
His Excellency, JEFFERSON DAVIS, President of the Confederate States:
The undersigned, under authority of a resolution of the citizens of Northumberland County, unanimously adopted in public meeting, beg leave to state on their behalf that their situation has become one of extreme peril. Irritated by recent defeats and maddened by stupendous failures, the enemy have suddenly assumed toward us (an unarmed and defenseless people) an attitude of ferocious barbarity... Recently a force of negro troops, with a squad of cavalry, were landed about eight miles above Westmoreland CourtHouse...In addition, the negroes, so far as we could see, were allowed unbounded license in pillage and waste, and in the indulgence of their brutal passions and appetities... houses searched and ransacked, ladies and gentlemen in many cases stripped of all their clothing... But the loss of property and the devestations committed are of minor importance in comparison with the insults and outrages heaped on an unoffending community by these beastly savages. The negroes were suffered to wander about from house to house without control, and wherever they went ladies were insulted, cursed and reviled. The most disgusting proposals were made at some, others were subjected to indecent familiarities or rude and revolting embraces; twelve or fifteen escaped almost miraculously from successful violence, and four at least became unfortunate victims of brutal lust... These are consequences worse than death.
(The above letter to President Davis related instances happening in the hometown of Charles Warren Hutt, while he and his comrades were POW’s across the river in Pt. Lookout)
AND NOW THE BLACKS ARE SEEKING REPARATIONS FROM THE DESCENDANTS OF THESE VICTIMS.
77?UTH
Leftists Promote Mixing
Interracial Mating Threatens Survival of White Race
Advance census figures indicate there may be as many as five million interracial couples and children in America. The figure was only 1.7% of the population in 1960. With the Supreme Court ruling over-turning the South’s Segregation laws in 1967, which forbid interracial marriage, their numbers have steadily climbed.
Most interracial unions are 2nd or 3rd marriages and produce fewer offspring. However, the present trend finds younger, mostly low- class White women, mating with black males. It is estimated there are some 2.5 million multi-racial children in America today. Some 6% of married black men have wives outside their race. Only 2% of black women fall into this category. It is still rare for White men to marry black women. However, it is far more common for White men to marry Asian women.
F •*1	•	*
Hollywood, TV, liberal papers and the NEA teachers union have been engaging in the non-stop promotion of racemixing over the past 30 years. They have consistently worked to instill Whites with a guilt complex for even being White. To be proud of the White race and its contributions to the world is, “racismjaLits worst-!’.	~ f ^
It is a simple fact that the White people constitute “the goose which laid the golden egg of civilization. ” Virtually all of the world’s great scientists, architects, sculptors, musicians, inventors and explorers have come from the genius of the White race. White civilizations of the past which lost their purity of race through inter-breeding, decayed and collapsed. They include: Egypt, India and Brazil.
Education on the importance of maintaining the purity of the White race should be taught to all our children to counter the evil influence of Hollywood.
Communist Program for Race-Mixing
The U.S. Congressional Record of June 7, 1957 carried the following .quote by Israel Cohen, one of the leading Communists in England. It was taken from his treatise, “A Racial Program for the 20th Century.”
“ We must realize that our party’s most powerful weapon is racial tension~ By propounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by the whites, we will mould them to the program of the Communist Party. In America we will aim for subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro minority against the whites; we will endeavor to instill in the whites a guilt complex for their I exploitation of the Negroes. We will aid the Negroes to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions, and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige, the Negro will be able to intermarry with the whites and begin a
process which will deliver America to our cause. ”
For centuries the Jews have complained of “persecution” in every land in which they ever lived. Today, they have come to the conclusion that they will be safer in a multi-racial country. The Jews believe that if the Whites can be reduced in numbers through immigration and interracial breeding that they - the most tightly organized racial body in the world - will be able to wield political control over a racially prostrate nation.
Social Engineering Our Children
One of the best examples of ' Yankee social engineering is the j public school system, with which i we are "blest" in this country. No ! one institution has promoted leftist j bilge as effectively as it has. The t agenda of the Federal Leviathan 1 strikes at the very core of our iden-j tity as a Western society and its i most potent weapon is the public i school. How bad is it? Dr. Thomas Sowell, a senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institute, recently stated that the public schools are carrying on, "...unrelenting guerrilla warfare against the traditional • values of society."
The "great experiment" that | elitist social engineers have performed in the public schools has | lent itself to the creation of a mon-j strosity. Every school day in j America 135,000 children carry : guns with them to class, ten die of gunshot wounds, and six teenagers I kill themselves, (that one is a 600 %
! increase in 30 years).
It gets worse. Jim Nelson Black, in his book When Nations Die, records that teenage pregnancy ! has gone up 500% during the 30 : years of amoral liberation. There has been an 1100% increase in teen-I agers aborting (killing) babies. 1 j wonder why sexually transmitted diseases among teenagers has gone up a hideous 335% in this same > time frame?!
But, you say, "This is the bad ! side." What have the public schools accomplished? Are not children S better educated than they were 30 ‘ years ago? Uh...no! A recent sur-; vcy shows that on average only one in three public high school students could put the War For Southern Independence in the proper century One out of four does not know whether the sun goes around the earth or vice versa. Listening to some public high schoolers talk recently. I came to the conclusion that
English must be taught as a second language these days. They can not do simple geometry, but they can "get in touch with their inner child." They can't do simple geometry, but they can "feel your pain, my pan everybody's pain."
Among teens worldwide ours have the highest self esteem and the lowest academic ability.
Other stellar accomplishments include school curricula which is designed to propagandize for every twisted sexual perversion imaginable, and heaven forbid you should disagree. You will have labels assigned to you, and you will be considered somewhat "unclean." For instance, when shocked parents whose children are in the New York public school system complained about the "Children of the Rainbow" curricula, which includes such puke as "Heather Has Two Mommies" and "Daddy's Roommate," all sorts of simpering sycophants and others of delicate sensibilities were offended. New York Assemblywoman, Deborah Glick, an out-of-the-closet lesbian, pontificated, "Most ofthe parents themselves have tremendous prejudice and bigotry that have been passed on for generations."
No doubt Glick is one of the many advocates for the psychological testing of our children to discover this prejudice and bigotry. She says herself that, "We as a society must provide a counter-balance to what kids are obviously learning at home."
This is not an isolated example. Glick and others ofher ilk are symptoms of a mortally diseased society, one in which children are considered wards of the state rather than belonging to their families.
Dr. Mary Jo Bane, former Assistant Secretary of Admimstra-tion for Children and Families in the Department of Health and Human
Services for the Clinton Admi* tratton satd “That as fanul^ really do not know how to rai# children. If we want to talk about equality of opportunity for children, then the fact that children arc raised in families means there is no equality. In order to raise children with equality, we must take them away from families and communally raise them."
Is this what is meant by the phrase, "It Takes a Village"?
Do you really want people like Glick, Bane, or a bunch of academic elitists who sit with ethically retarded posteriors upon Ivy League thrones, making decisions about what morality, or lack thereof, is appropriate for your children? Then, do you want these social engineers to test your children to ensure that they have accepted this sick mindset, and if they have not, to teach (brainwash) them into acceptance?
In a poem Thelen Paulk asks, "Are there no more values for which you will fight to save?"
The lessons learned in public schools would have our future children believe that no good ever came out of Western European Civilization. In fact, some revisionist history, as it is taught, implies that the great Anglo-Celtic culture is indeed inferior to some other cultures, members of which still squat in the dust of their motherland, and busily gnaw on enemies' leg-bones. I wonder, arc the Tutsi and Hutu included in Black History Month?
- V V vu VI ill Vi I C11
are taught little except to hate their ancestors and to despise their own people and culture if they are of European descent. Incredibly, these schools do turn out some students who excel in spite of everything, but all things considered, they do best at turning out fornicating nitwits.
“I Am Yahweh,
I change NOT!”
Capital Offenses requiring the Death Penalty Under The Laws of God
Deuteronomy 19:20 And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you.
21 And thine eye shall not pity; but life shall go for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot.
IDOLARTY:
Deuteronomy 13:6-15 Deuteronomy 17:2-6 Exodus 22:20
FALSE PROPHETS Deuteronomy 13:1-5 Deuteronomy 18:20
WITCHES, WIZARDS AND THOSE WITH FAMILIAR SPIRITS Exodus 22:18 Leviticus 20:27
BLASPHEMY Leviticus 24:11-16, 23
BREAKING THE SABBATH Exodus 35:2 Numbers 15:32-36
MURDER Genesis 9:6 Exodus 21:12-14 Leviticus 24:17 Numbers 35:16-21, 30-33
HUMAN SACRIFICE Leviticus 20:2-5
ABORTIONIST AND DEATH FROM MISCARRIAGE DUE TO ASSAULT Exodus 21:22-23 Deuteronomy 30:19
ADULTERY Leviticus 20:10 Deuteronomy 22:22-24
UNCHATISE BRIDE Deuteronomy 22:20-21
WHORISH PRIEST’S DAUGHTER Leviticus 21:9
HOMOSEXUALS AND WHORMONGERS1 Leviticus 20:13 Leviticus 18:22 Romans 1:24-28,32
DRUG PUSHERS AND DRUG
ADDICTS2
Revelations 21:8
INCEST
Leviticus20: 11-12,14,17-21
BEASTIALITY OR INTERRACIAL SEX
Exodus 22:19 Leviticus 20:15-16 Numbers 25:
RAPE
Deuteronomy 22:23-25
KIDNAPPING Exodus 21:16 Deuteronomy 24:7
FALSE WITNESS AND LYING Deuteronomy 19:16-21
USURY AND OPRESSING THE POOR Ezekiel 18:12-13
STRIKING OR CURSING PARENTS Exodus 21:15,17 Leviticus 20:9 Matthew 15:4
1	Strong’s Concordance 4205 pomos: a male prostitute
2	Strong’s Concordance 5332 pharmakos: a sorcerer, a drug pusher; pharmacist
An endangered species?
Hispanic population growing fast 1
America’s Hispanic population could become the nation’s largest minority group even sooner than experts predicted. Preliminary census figures for 2000 show more Hispanics than people who classified themselves only as black, and no other race. The Census Bureau warns that these preliminary figures could change.
H Hispanic population H Black population ^ Black and another race*
40 million ---------------------------------------------—------- ,
•People were allowed to chock oft more than one root lor the tint time In 3000.	**	Preliminary
SOURCE: U.$. Geneva Bureau	AP
The End of
White People
By Tom Markin, Pii.D.
Demographic changes in a population are generally considered 10 be slow, even glacial, in nature. So I find most interesting the changes that are going on in the number of people ol
p	i >	•	*
European ancestry in the world.
White people are rapidly disappearing as a sub-species of Homo sapiens. The reason for ibis precipitous drop in ihcir number is simplicity itself; they are not reproducing enough to replace themselves, much less increase their numbers. The numbers are nothing less than startling, particularly since they have changed so dramatically in my lifetime. In 1998 there were 508 million people in Europe. The projections according to The World Almanac 1999 arc for there to be 491 million in 2025, and 407 million in 2050. Undoubtedly, because of immigration, a substantial percentage of these Europeans by 2050 will be non-white.
In the U. S. in 1980 whites were 83.1 percent of the population, and at the present are 72 percent. An even more hard-to-believe figure is that whites are now 66 percent of the current high school seniors in the country. The liberal elites running the country are obviously well on their way to achieving their goal of eliminating the Europeans and their Western civilization in the United States.
One of the biggest reasons for the dwindling number of whites is the obsolescence ol children as a positive financial asset in our society. When I was young, people had children for two good reasons. One was to help on the farm or in the home. In the era of coal-fired stoves and furnaces, hand pushed rotary lawn mowers, hand tended gardens, and with basic food preparation and preservation done by hand, children performed many chores: that added to the well being of
the family.
There was also another tremendously important reason for having
children, and that was to take rani their parents in old age. Prior to J ail vent of Social Security in I9yy A burden of taking care of the old f| primarily on the children. As|
I small Midwest town, I was vri aware that many of the houses hi three generations living in iltetti Parents, grandparents, aging singf aunts, etc., were provided for by in working members of the family. Alcj of the old people were resented. hi the social contract was that young] generations provided lor their old I was considered a great disgrace ij allow your aged parents to go to ill county “old folks home”.
Today children are viewed by ui many as strictly a liability as they col tribute virtually nothing financially I the family. The cost of raising a chi through high school, much less to lege, is nothing less than horrendoia and our young people are very aw» of this reality. They also look at th grief so many adolescents cause the! parents, and potential parents sayj essence, “Who needs this? The resu is the decision is made not to hav children. The possibility that, as pal ents, they may share vicariously in tit achievements of their young, and tha their children may become their he friends does not overcome the pro lems they see in parenthood.
I'll have to admit. I’m a little dr heartened at the prospect of my rad choosing to phase itself out ol lence. I don’t Iccl it shows bias to si] that whiles have taken the species I the apex of civilization, and the thin world minorities rushing in to lill ill vacuum show little promise of bcin| I able to maintain what is relerred ton Western civilization.
Perhaps circumstances will chant? I or a leader arise that will lead us bad! to our former glories. If not, well, all I can say is we were a splendid group* I people who accomplished gal thtngs. If we disappear, so be it. 1
Aryan-Nations
WORLD CONGRESS 2001
Aryan-Nations Renewed!
The following is the scheduled events for Aryan-Nations World Congress 2001
Thursday: July 5th 2001 Park opens up at 2 pm.
Friday:
Friday:
Friday:
July 6th 2001 July 6th 2001 July 6th 2001
Hammer toss at 4 pm. Dinner served at 5 pm. Guest Speakers at 7 pm.
Saturday:
Saturday:
Saturday:
Saturday:
Saturday:
July 7th 2001 July 7th 2001 July 7th 2001 July 7th 2001 July 7th 2001
Saturday:
Saturday:
Saturday:
July 7th 2001 July 7th 2001 July 7th 2001
Breakfast served at 7:15 am.
Flag Salute Ceremony at 8 am.
Aryan-Nations Parade downtown Coeur d’Alene at 10:30 am.
Hatchet throwing contest at 1 pm. (Winner gets a prize.)
Raffle drawing at 3 pm.
There will be many prizes to be given away such as; AN coffee mug, AN Belt buckle, along with whatever is donated to us for the raffle. The main raffle will be for a Romanian AK-47 rifle with the rifle drawing there will be 4,30 round magazines and magazine pouch included. The rifle drawing will be $10.00 a chance and the others will be $2.00 a chance. All proceeds from the raffle will go towards rebuilding another Church grounds for our kindred.
Dinner will be served at 4:30 pm.
Guest Speakers take the stage at 6 pm.
Book burning starts at 8 pm.
Please feel free to bring a corruptive book or nigger music album to throw on the pile of filth. This will immediately be followed by Gammadion lighting. Due to the parks regulations on open fires there will be no cross lighting ceremony at this years Congress.
Sunday:
Sunday:
July 8th 2001 July 8th 2001
Breakfast will be served at 8 am.
Morning Prayer and Church service at 11:00 am. Church sermon will be by Pastor Richard Butler.
SURRENDER NEVER!
The eighth verse of the twenty first chapter of the sixty sixth Book of the law gave us an eternal final rule of conduct to be avoided by Aryan men. Those that are unable to comply with this standard are not of us and must be separated from us.
In this regard there are those who meant to do us evil, but Our Father means it for good. Therefore members who believed the lie that our cause was dead “for fear of the jews” have done our cause a favor by separating themselves from our midst. As Samuel Adams said "may the chains rest lightly on you and may we forget you were ever our Countrymen”.
Therefore any that fear the jew more than they fear their Heavenly Father are invited to leave our company in peace, that we may continue our assigned mission on earth with Honor and Dignity. Our Motto “SURRENDER NEVER’. Pastor Richard G. Butler


i i i
Registration for Aryan-Nations World Congress
(July 6th 7* &	20
IH! I
Church of Jesus	Christ-Chris
P.O. Box 362, Hayden Lake, ID 83835 (208) 772-2408
\\^opy This Registration Form For Any White Patriots Who Wish To Attend
||
B
I
Declaration: I am of the white race. I understand that Aryan-Nations is all organization l )rised of Aryans of Anglo-Saxon, Germanic, Lombardic, Nordic, Basque, Celtic and !jd back rounds. I further understand and agree with Aryan-Nations exclusion of Jews, bes, Mexicans, Orientals, and other assorted Mongrels!

[ acknowledge that the Aiyan-Nations World Congress is a call for the Elite of our >le, to come forward in unity of action for the Resurrection of our Aryan Race.
I will not bring into Aryan-Nations Congress: drugs, alcohol. All firearms must be secured.
I I will not attend if wanted by law enforcement authorities.
I will bring warm clothing for the chilly Idaho days and cold nights, a sleeping bag, sis and toiletries (showers available).
I am enclosing $35.00 Registration fee (for single) or $45.00 for an entire family of 3-5. iderstand the donation cannot be refunded should I decide not to attend. Payment is
tched in the form of	   .
■	(cash	or	money	order	only please)
:e all money orders to Church of Jesus Christ-Christian.
se call to find out if transpiration will be available.
\e	Age
e of spouse	Age
or children		Age(s)	L I -	
	State	Zip	Telephone
NOTICE
Vote Against Homosexual Advertizing
You may have heard about the Anheuser Busch Company running a BUD LIGHT ad in a homosexual magazine featuring two homo males.
Apparently there has been a lot of fallout from this ad and the company wanted to find out how great the opposition is. They instituted a toll-free number for people to call if they dissapproved. This registered a “vote” for disapproval.
The number is no longer in service and the results of the volting have not been published. But there is another way to vote—and this vote will be heard in all the Jew controlled corporate board rooms: Boycott all Anheuser Busch products. Money speaks the language of the Jews.
NCAA REGULATION REJECTED BY COURT
A Philadelphia federal district court struck down an 1986 NCAA initial eligibility rule that requires student-athletes to achieve minimum standardized test scores to be eligible as freshmen at Division I and IE schools. The Trial Lawyers for Public Justice, a "public interest" law firm filed suit Jan. 8,1997. The suit claimed that NCAA initial-eligibility rules discriminated against African-American athletes Tai Kwan Cureton, Leatrice Shaw, Alexander Wesby, and Andrea Gardner. The court awarded each athlete a fourth year of eligibility. Incoming athletes who fail to achieve the minimum scores are ineligible as freshmen and have three years of eligibility remaining. NCAA research shows that half the African-American prospective college athletes score lower on standardized tests than 8% of Caucasian athletes.
Adele Kimmel, co-counsel in the case, says the rules violate Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act that prohibits racial discrimination in educational programs that accept federal funds.
Elsa Cole, general counsel for the NCAA, said the intent of the rule was to increase the graduation rates of student athletes. The NCAA began research last year to examine new methods to achieve this goal.
Reprinted from U. S. A. Today-