RAC EWATC H
Racewatch is a Pro-White Journal Mailed in a Plain Envelope
Vol. 4, No. 2
April - June, 1998
JOIN THE KU KLUX KLAN
Contact one of the listed groups for free information
P.O. Box 414
P.O. Box 81
Henderson, N.C. 27536	'•	Lexington,	Kentucky	40501
Recorded Message: 1-919-492-7000
P.O. Box 263
Sandstone, Virginia 23150
Recorder Message: 1-804-328-4379
only I few Whites, up until now, have had the will power, courage, foresight, and self-motivation to find out the facts which are causing the White Race to self-destruct.
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN is growing and dedicated group of White Men and White Women
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN is a non-violent, active, and disciplined White Patriots Movement.
constitutional victory for the White Race. THE VICTORY MUST BE THE TOTAL SEPARATION OF THE RACES.
There exist today within the White Race a special and very urgent need to understand our planned destruction. Sadly, and regrettably.
who believe in God and Christian Identity and are working tirelessly with racial truths to expose the enemies of our race.
The White Race must survive! Greed, love of money, nor lies of our enemies will stop .the KU KLUX KLAN. We seek a lawful and
THE KLAN VIEWPOINT
SEND NO CHECKS OR BANK MONEY ORDER! Make all U.S. Money Orders to: Dixie River Publications, P.O. Box 414, Henderson, N.C. 27536 - Do not make payments to RACEWATCH. The journal is mailed to each subscriber in a plain snvelope with return address of our P.O. Box number on the left comer of the envelope. Donations large or small are needed to print and distribute RACEWATCH o sympathetic Whites. We must reach the White Masses NOW!
RACEWATCH NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT SUBSCRIBE TODAY!
RACEWATCH IS A pro-white JOURNAL EXPRESSING KLAN VIEWS ON TOPICS OF INTEREST TO MEMBERS OF THE WHITE RACE.
Readers are invited to send short letters
WITH QUESTIONS ON RACIAL ISSUES TO THE
editor. Letters will receive prompt
ATTENTION AND WILL BE ANSWERED FROM THE KLAN VIEWPOINT.
4AME___
VDDRESS
:ity_
TATE
ACEWATCH is published by DIXIE RIVER PUBLICATIONS ,0. Box 414 Henderson, N.C. 27536
ZIP

j
Letters to the editor will not be
PUBLISHED IN RACEWATCH AS A GENERAL RULE UNTIL FINANCIAL SUPPORT IS ASSURED.
Exceptions will be made from time to time
IN THIS POLICY FOR READER ENLIGHTENMENT. RACEWATCH CURRENTLY HAS NO PHONE, FAX FACILITIES OR OFFICE . ALL WORK IN PUTTING RACEWATCH OUT AS A PUBLICATION IS DONE ON THE KITCHEN TABLE. HOPEFULLY, WITH THE BLESSING AND DIVINE GUIDANCE OF YAHWEH, FREE WILL DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS, RACEWATCH WILL BECOME AN INFLUENTIAL PUBLICATION FOR THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN.
ditor & Publisher Howard Bobbitt
RACEWATCH HAS FRIENDS We
continue to receive favorable comments
ACEWATCH is a Pro-White journal published four times yearly in the months of tuary, April, July and October. Subscription price is $20.00 per year. Outside S A., the price is $30.00. Make all payments in U.S. Federal Reserve Notes tper money) or by U.S, Post Office issued Money Orders. SEND NO CHECKS BANK MONEY ORDERS.
growl
Howard Bobbitt, Editor
J
DIXIE WAS FIRST HOME OF KKK By Howard Bobbitt
It is indeed a shame that every white Southern Child is not taught that the KKK saved the Southern White Race. When the South once again becomes a White nation the true history of Dixie will be taught.
Dixie is the first place where the KKK was founded on December 18, in Pulaski, Tennessee. The KKK was founded to save the Southern White Race. And down through the years, the Ku Klux Klan has stood steadfast for white racial survival.
In 1998 the KKK continues to work for the survival of our race. RACEWATCH, a KKK publication will continue to inform White Americans about the effort to destroy our race.
The KKK supports re-establishing DIXIE - THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA as our nation. It is the only solution for survival of the White Race.
US MARSHALL BULLET KILLED SAMMY WEAVER
Ballistics tests show that Deputy U.S. Marshall Larry Cooper shot 14 year old Sammy Weaver in the arm and back in the 1992 siege at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, according to Luke Haag a ballistics expert from Arizona. Sheriff Greg Sprungl of Boundary County, Idaho, said 40 pieces of evidence were recovered from the scene and used to make the determination.
The physical evidence contradicts the sworn testimony to the U.S. Senate by the Marshall's Service. At a hearing before Sen. Arlan Spector's Committee, the Marshall's uniformly testified that they believed the bullet which killed Sammy came from the shotgun of his father, Randall Weaver, who was seen by another Deputy U.S. Marshall several hundred years away when the shots were fired.
It is with regret, that we report Deputy Cooper and FBI sniper Lon Hourouchi, who murdered Vicki Weaver, are still alive and both will apparently escape state criminal charges. All involved were cl^*red 11 I Justice Department investigation.
What Is The New Age Movement?
By I WTMtnm BischaJJ There Is an ecumenical movement of epic proportion sweeping our world lorlnv. II Is called the New Age Movement. Today. New Age thinking has permeated every area of society. Because It Is so broad and diverse It may seem difficult to pinpoint Its baste philosophy, but such Is not the case. The New Age Movemnt Is the emlxxllment of Eastern mysticism and has Its origin In ancient Hinduism and the mystery religions of the Orient.
All of the New Age groups believe In fhe Inter connectedness of all things All ts one and Cod Is all. Therefore, we all have God In us. Man's great need Is to discover the deity within. All New Age groups have some technique whereby one can attain this Inner consciousness. It may be accomplished through positive thinking, meditation, visualization or drugs.
In New Ag£ thinking Cod Is not a personal transcendent Being, but rather a vague force Intrinsically present In creation. According to New Agers. Christ Is not a Person, but a manifestation of this force. They believe there are many "Christs." Jesus. Just like Buddha and others, was Just another man who attained a htgh level of Cod-consciousness.
According to New Age there Is only spirit. The material world around us Is only an Illusion. Only mind or spirt! is real! When man learns to conquer the mind, his deity will be manlfesl and Ulhopta here on earth will be realized.
To Ihe Christian, ihe New Age world view Is nolhlng but the same old anrlriit, occull cosmology that Satan whispered In Eve's ear In the Carden of Eden. All (he concepts of New Age are found In seed from Genesis three: 'Ye shall not surely die* (reincarnation —- all Is spirit), 'Ye shall be as Cod ' (evolution). Your eyes shall be opened' (high con setousnesa}.
New Agers are not content Just to exist as a religious alternative. They seek control of Ihe world Pari of their plan UHo attain pollliraJ power. New Agers have recruited many people of renown In academic, enter-lalnmenl, political, and religious ftelda, Chflallan* need lo be warned. New Age reeks of the auMlety that Scripture associates with (he evil one wl»o peeks our souls!
CIvUKnn News 1'J77 IknueJ fjjthpran flood New Hnutm MO (WOffl 221.1
Liberal Soutnern Democratic senator, Dale Bumpers of Arkansas, explained to columnist Bob Novak why he decided not to run for reelection next year. "He would have had to fight hard for reeleclion in a stale where religious conservatives deeply alarm him," said Novak. Bumpers told Novak, "I think that the religious right is a threat to the country." His aversion ?o traditional Christians runs deep. "Friends say that, in private conversation, he is distraught that a Baptist minister — Republican Mike Huckabee is governor of Arkansas." Novak reported. Bumpers would have been seeking his fifth term had he chosen to run in ’98.
— Human Events
"Gore received money from Communist China, and was warned by the FBI as early as 1995 that Ihe Chinese were trying to influence American politics."
.after all we knew as early as 1961-62 that Hammer was a Soviet agent. ...Gore happily made a sweet-heart deal with this same agent, Hammer."
"...Gore will find out th;.i! pragmatism is a trap. Not only is Gore implicated with Soviet agent Armand Hammer, but now with Indonesian Agent Huang, who just happened to have a Top Secret clearance. Gore is an equal opportunity sell-out. And history will record the truth: That Gore is greedy and a sellout to principle and hypocritica1 enough to claim the title Mr. Integrity."
Dr. Antony C. Sutton, Phoenix Letts’
Martin D. Glnsburg, husband of Supreme Court Jus tice, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, says his wife may have vio lafed a federal law not just once but 21 times by nc» recusing herself in cases that involved companies i| which he owned stock. Mrs. Ginsburg, as might be surmised, is the richest Supreme Court Justice and is alr eady being touted as the no;<l Chief Justice when Rehnqu|jf retires or dies	—	tnstaur&II
PROBLEMS WITH THE GOOD OLD DAYS
The Governor of Virginia pleased no one when he issued a Confederate History proclamation that also included the usual whining about slavery,
Negroes attacked him because they are a race which has been a parasite on America for 133 years; a race who funds its existence by complaining.
Whites spoke up because they are sick of hearing the usual whining about slavery. Slavery had the effect of partly civilizing a savage people - at least they stopped eating their children and it made some Whites economically better -a win-win situation. Once the white man lost the whip, however, the negro went right back to his natural condition -savagery.
The evil of slavery was that it brought together two races that were never meant to live on the same continent.
Some heritage groups like to paint a picture of loyal and contented slaves in a plantation paradise. This happened when the negroes were either in a good mood or under strict control. The reality was quite different. Read the diary of Mary Chestnut, a plantation lady whose husband was a staff officer to Jefferson Davis. She writes of two of her relatives being murdered by slaves in two different parts of South Carolina before the war. These were elderly people living alone, long a favorite target for negroes. I won't go into details of the killings but suffice to say that the blacks were a credit to their race. The point being that blacks were a liability to America from their entrance, and their victims were and remain our people.
Segregation replaced slavery. This writer was fortunate enough to grow up in the South before this sensible institution was swept away. For years afterwards, I thought that a return to pre-1954 days was the answer to the race problem. Being a child at the time; I did not realize the tremendous economic drain the negro was even before the Great Society made them all wards of the state., or the fear which white people held, and justly so, for the times Rastus would cross the tracks to rob, rape or kill.
For these reasons, the White American understands that the issue today is neither slavery nor segregation. History has shown that no political system can prevent our people from being dragged down as long as we are surrounded by a lower race whose standards of conduct are more appropriate to animals than humans. The White man of today will settle for nothing less than absolute physical separation into another country. And none of that nonsense about giving the negro the Southern United States.
2LSX CENTURA BRIDGE TO THE TiUEa WORLD
We are living in a transitional period in America.
While formerly we were a Republic: a government of laws where no man was above that law and our elected representatives executed the will of the people with a government of, by and for the people. We are now like so many third world cesspools ruled by elites who do what is best for us, and. the "consent of the governed” which was a cap stone of our nation; is now only paid lip service by those who run rough shod over us.
Much of Latin America, Africa and the third world are oligarchies? ruled by a small class of robber barons who we refer to in this country as the elites on top of a large class of peasants or the working poor. There is virtually no middle class or only a very small one.
America traditionally had a small group of elites, who were the captains of industry? Henry Ford, Andrew Carnegie, etc. Our elites are now bankers, business; inen and lawyers.
Our new rulers are in the revolving door of Washington: fill a position in government for a few years interspersed with a few years in think tanks or large law firms where they lobby their former co-workers on behalf of their masters, the elites.
Our once broad middle class has been shrinking and is now under attack. Our factories, which provided lifetime jobs at good pay for generations of workers are moved over seas as the workers are laid off. Small family arms are no longer economical for the large scale production methods of modern farming and are foreclosed on by banks only to be purchased by agents of large multinational agri-businesses and with tobacco under attack? the family farm will likely go the way of the carrier pigeon.
These jobs not only made America self sufficient but our workers and farmers as well. Since they could take care of themselves what need did they have for Hillary's village. I do not mean to imply that they were selfish, on the contrary, our level of charitable giving was unrivaled in the world.
In fact the whole world strived to be like America. Our form of government, our standard of living were models for the rest of the world.
Now we have factories closing down as the jobs are shipped to some Asian or Latin cesspool where the workers are paid only a fraction of the wages that were paid here without any corresponding reduction in the price of the goods sold here. Family farms that were in by the same family for generations are foreclosed on because they can not pay the loans taken out at the urging of bankers and USDA agents who encouraged them to buy large equipment so they could farm ••fence post to fence post”.
What of these displaced farmers or factory workers? The elites would have us believe they are retrained for new careers in the global economy. Well, many of them remain unemployed, a few, the luck few, get jobs in the service
THE UGLY TRUTH ABOUT GUN CONTROL
Crime.
The War on Drugs,
The U.S. Leads the Developed World in Gun Related. Deaths
These are the ostensible reasons for the draconian gun control laws which serve to undermine our God given inalienable right to self defense which the Second Amendment states "shall not be infringed". Unfortunately, in the war of competing views on the Second Amendment, as in most wars; truth is the first casualty.
America's crime problem when closely examined is not really one of random violence but of a continuation of African behavior on the American continent. Demographers say black males comprise only 6% of the population of the United States but Bureau of Prison statistics show th£y comprise roughly 50% of our prison population.
Every year that statistics have been kept roughly 10,000 blacks have been murder victims and every year, roughly 92% to 95% of the murders were committed by other blacks.
(Despite what the race pimps would have you believe; there were only 2 blacks killed in bias related crimes last year according to the FBI Hate Crime Statistics, along with 2 whites, 2 hispanics and 2 asians.) In Washington DC, with a population of 600,000 which is 60% negro, roughly half of the males are either in jail, on probation, or awaiting trial.
We are told this is the result of drugs and the intolerable living conditions of the inner city and that is probably true but what do they expect when they burn down their whole neighborhood because a cop hits a criminal suspect in the leg with a night stick?
If we look at the rural areas; we see that this high crime rate still holds true. Mississippi and Louisiana have roughly 7 million inhabitants and approximately 33% are black. In these states there were 1,088 murders last year. When this is compared to the seven states with under 1% black population (Hew Hampshire, Maine, Vermont, Idaho,. Montana, North and South Dakota) with approximately 7 million inhabitants there were only 162 murders, or about 1/7 of the black rate with a similar rural population.
The United States white crime rate is really no higher than that of the European nations whose crime statistics we are told we far exceed while our black crime rate is pretty much on par with Rawanda and Uganda. The United States crime problem is really a racial one and until we address that issue, as painful as it may be for some American's of color and those dependent on their votes; we are 3imply punishing the innocent to spare the feelings of the guilty. Even worse, we are doing nothing to help the true victims who suffer at the hands of black on black violence.
industry, "May I take your order please?" but all of them are now dependent on Hillary's village for help and assistance.
Our elites believe everyone is equal, except them of .course, but that we, the peasants, the workers, the drones 5re all alike whether we live in some fetid jungle near the -equator and have never even seen a picture of a shoe let alone worn one or live in some debris strewn inner city in ^:he USA, spending our days sleeping off the drug induced coma of the night before and awakening only to rob and breed before going back to the crack delirium, or are a productive member of society, working at more than one job to keep a roof over your family's head and food on the table.
Since we are all the same; it is unfair that in America, with only 5% of the global population, we would consume roughly 1/5 of the world's energy out put, or we would have roughly 1/2 of the world's net worth. They can fix that; they will lower America's standard of living to that'.of the third world. To do that it is of course necessary to eliminate good jobs and replace them with low paying ones;; take what used to be the worlds best education system and destroy it. Take the fighting machine that has twice saved the only part of the world worth saving and turn it into an equal opportunity laboratory for women and sodomites.
They on the other hand are our rulers. They know what is best for us. Carl Rowan pontificates in his newspaper column about the evils of gun ownership and yet shoots a white teenager who jumped the fence to go swimming in his pool. The federal police shoot a 14 year old boy in the back, despite the fact that their own rules, not to mention the law of the land, preclude the use of deadly force except in defense of themselves or others, and are not even prosecuted. A federal sniper shoots a nursing mother clutching her months old baby to her breast and is only charged with manslaughter (equivalent to a DUI death) by the state where the murder took place and has his trial removed to the King's Courts where the charge is dismissed.
Our President, El Jeffee: lies repeatedly under oath; permits the transfer of sensitive missile technology to China, likely our biggest threat, in exchange for very generous financial support in the last election. He seems to enjoy the medieval droit du sanguiere - the right of blood or the right of the king to any damsel in the kingdom.
As in any third world country; there are rules which we must follow and from which the elites are exempt. Our rulers have ceased being accountable to us and are instead making us serfs, peasants on the world plantation.
The wanning days of the 20th., century sees an America vastly different from the one at the beginning. As we prepare to cross the president's bridge to the 21st. century, the only question for us to answer is where does it lead; to further serfdom or the restoration of freedom?
As for me and my house we will accept nothing less than freedom.