RACEWATCH
'^mewatch is a^v-White Journal Mailed in a
»TDBBR 2002
KKK
SUPPORTS SOUTHERN NATIONALISM
And
ESTABLISHMENT OF AN
ALL SOUTHERN-DDQECRATIC POLITICAL PARTY^.
THE KLAN VIEWPOINT
RACEWATCHIS A PRO-WHITE JOURNAL EXPRESSING KLAN VIEWS ON TOPICS OF INTEREST TO MEMBERS OF THE WHITE RACE. READERS ARE INVITED TO SEND SHORT LETTERS WITH QUESTIONS ON RACIAL ISSUES TO THE EDITOR. LETTERS WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION AND WILL BE ANSWERED FROM THE KLAN VIEWPOINT.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED IN RACEWATCH AS A GENERAL RULE UNTIL FINANCIAL SUPPORT IS ASSURED. EXCEPTIONS WILL BE MADE FROM TIME TO TIME IN THIS POLICY FOR READER ENLIGHTENMENT.	CURRENTLY
HAS NO PHONE, FAX FACILITIES OR OFFICE. ALL WORK IN PUTTING RACEWATCH OUT AS A PUBLICATION IS DONE ON THE KITCHEN TABLE. HOPEFULLY, WITH THE BLESSING AND DIVINE GUIDANCE OF YAHWEH, FREE WILL DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS, RACEWATCH WILL BECOME AN INFLUENTIAL PUBLICATION FOR THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN.
RACEWATCH HAS FRIENDS We continue to receive favorable comments on RACEWATCH. Interest continues to grow!
Howard Bobbitt, Editor
RACEWATCH is published by DIXIE RIVER PUBLICATIONS P.O.Box 414 Henderson, NC 27536
Editor 8s Publisher: Howard Bobbitt
RACEWATCH is a Pro-White journal published four times yearly in the months of January, April, July and October. Subscription price is $20.00 per year. Outside U.S.A., the price is $30.00. Make all payments in U.S. Federal Reserve Notes (Paper Money) or by U.S. Post Office issued Money Orders payable to: DIXIE RIVER PUBLICATIONS. SEND NO CHECKS OR BANK MONEY ORDERS.
From the Editor....
Southern Baptist, Hinduism
Have you ever sat in Church and wondered, "Where is this preacher coming from"? You may know what he is preaching is not Christianity, so what is it? One Sunday he says he is opposed to the death penalty but the Christian Bible upholds the death penalty. Next Sunday the preacher says he does not see anything wrong with being homosexual, but the Christian Bible says it is an abomination unto God. By the time the third Sunday rolls around he can't see anything wrong with integrating the Church either. But again, our Christian Bible forbids it. Of course all this is his personal belief and the congregation is sitting around soaking it up like a sponge soaks up water. By now even a third grader should know this is not Christianity but most of the so-called well versed members don't have a clue as to what the preacher is really preaching. What we are getting from the denominational Churches today is a combination of Hinduism, Judaism and Christianity in this order. It's time Christians wake up and start reading the Bible and understanding it. Don't let these damnable preachers lead you into the pits of hell.
Howard Bobbitt
WHITE RACE STRUGGLE NOW CENTERED IN THE SOUTH
The race problem grows larger and larger with each passing year.
It is the reason for most of the major social, economic and political problems in America. Yet, no high government official, no political party and no major church group will spread this truth.
The race problem has become quite severe in the South. It has destroyed the public schools, caused costly production problems for small businesses, and is draining white taxpayers for costly welfare programs and expensive prisons for an ever-increasing number of criminals.
It is time for Southerners to withdraw from the major political parties and establish an all Southern Dixiecratic Political Party. There are several Southern groups now at work for this purpose. Let’s give them our support and help build Southern Nationalism in Dixie.
Howard Bobbitt Editor
FALSE “BLACK HISTORY” USED TO BRAINWASH WHITE CHILDREN
BLACK HISTORY FRAUD PUSHED ON WHITES
Part of the conspiracy against White people in America is the increasing glorification of so-called Black History. Fictitious accomplishments of Blacks are held up for admiration and real accomplishments of White and others are falsely attributed to Blacks.
By presidential proclamation, the entire month of February has been set aside as Black History Month in which the impressionable young are force-fed propaganda and lies cleverly designed to shame their heritage while inflaming non-Whites with accounts of non-existent or pernicious “accomplishments.” Celebrations of Black History are virtual carnivals of hate directed against White people. How many hate crimes have been committed against Whites by Blacks inflamed by such material?
WHITE FOUNDERS NOW NON-PERSONS
Those of us who grew up believing that Washington, Jefferson, Franklin and other were great men worthy of emulation are in for a shock with the new heroes held up by “politically correct” educators. Martin Luther King is given homage scarcely afforded to Jesus Christ. Brutal and superstitious savages like Shaka (the Zulu King), or communists are held up as “statesmen.” Real White historical figures such as Hannibal and Cleopatra are falsely described as Negroes to provide “evidence” that the Blacks were building great civilization while White’s ancestors were running around in animal skins or homed helmets.
WHITES’ HISTORY TO BE CRUSHED
The brainwashing of White youth is so thorough that any one of them could answer questions about Martin Luther King or Frederick Douglass but would be hard pressed to tell you anything about George Washington or Patrick Henry. Even important White historical figures are “evil racists, oppressors and colonialists” seeking only to oppress noble non-Whites. Christopher Columbus, in particular, has been the chief target of liberal crackpots who deride his accomplishments while whining about his “oppression of indigenous peoples.”
In many schools across the land, White children are terrorized by non-White students who are fired up by the incendiary message of oppression by “evil Whites.” Children have been attacked by roving gangs of Blacks in their schools who chanted “roots, roots!” Others are terrorized by Blacks incited by the universal “Malcolm X” culture of “fight the power.” These young Blacks are told that their goals should be attained “by any means necessary,” presumably even by violence! Few of these hate-filled young Blacks even understand what their hero Malcolm X even stood for (he was a segregationist).
2
FALSE	“BLACK	HISTORY”USED TO BRAINWASH WHITE CHILDREN
CONTINUED...
REAL BLACK HISTORY A SCANDAL
True Black history would be a shocking indictment of an entire race that continues to wallow in squalor, disease, starvation, anarchy, over-population and ignorance to this day. Despite 100 or more years of the White man’s aid, they are regressing rather than advancing. In fact, it could be said that of the “fashionable” terms used to describe their native lands, the phrase “emerging nations” is but mockery in itself! The truth is that Blacks are rapidly reverting to a primitive state in all of Darkest Africa and were only kept from it by the White colonists.
True history of the Negro race would show that they never had a written language. They never invented the wheel and their only mode of transportation of goods was to balance the merchandise on the heads of their women. The African female tolls and breeds while their mates lounge drunkenly in the shade.
In the richest continent on earth, they walked naked across untold tons of riches in the form of gold and diamonds. In Africa, they never built any structure more sophisticated than the habitat of the American beaver or muskrat. Their numerical system consisted of three numbers: “one,” “two,” and “many.” To attract members of the opposite sex, they smear cow dung on their heads as a hairdo. Their “art” consists of childish sculpture remarkable only for its obsession with mail genitalia. They would rather drink a cow’s blood than slaughter it for food. The universal religion of the Negro is some form of voodoo and they practice slavery and cannibalism to this very day!
That would be a more accurate representation of Black History to our youth rather than the total lies taught by liberal “educators” in our schools. The real goal of their sinister program is the mingling of the races as “equals” so as to increase the rate of interbreeding of the races and with it the downfall of Western Civilization.
—The Truth At Last
ADOLF HITLER ON AMERICA
1
For over 50 years now, every medium of Jewish propaganda has promoted the lie that Hitler wanted to take over the United States in a mad bid for world conquest. This lie has been repeated so many times and with such consistency that millions of our Aryan countrymen have, unfortunately, come to accept it as gospel.
We now present the remarkable, prophetic words of Adolf Hitler spoken on February 24, 1945—less than three months before the combinedforces of world Jewry succeeded in overwhelming the heroic, embattled defenders of National Socialist Germany. These words, faithfully preserved in the Bormann-Vermerke, were confided to Hitler I closest associates. As such, they not only reflect the Fuhrer’s true feelings about our country, but they also reveal an amazing knowledge of American history, as well as a penetrating insight into the American temperament and character, and underscore the tragedy of the Second World War.
This war against America is a tragedy. It is illogical and devoid of any foundation in reality. It is one of those queer twists of history that just as I was assuming power in Germany, Roosevelt, the elect of the Jews, was taking command in the United States. Without the Jews and without this lackey of theirs, things could have been quite different. For from every point of view Germany and the United States should have been able, if not to understand each other and sympathize with each other, then at least to support each other without undue strain on either of them.
Germany, remember, has made a massive contribution to the peopling of America. It is we Germans who have made one of the greatest contributions of Nordic blood to the United States. And it is also a fact that Steuben played a part which decided the issue in the War of Independence.
***
The last great economic crisis struck Germany and the United States at more or less the same time and with the same force. Both countries rode the storm in much the same way. The operation, though extremely difficult, was crowned with success on our side. In America, where, after all, it presented no difficulty at all, the operation achieved only a very mediocre success under the guidance of Roosevelt and his Jewish advisers. The failure of the New Deal is responsible in no small measure for their war fever.
The United States, as a matter of fact, could survive and prosper in a state of economic isolation; for us, that is a dream which we would love to see come true. They have at their disposal a vast territory, ample to absorb the energies of all their people. As far as Germany is concerned, my hope is one day to ensure for her complete economic independence inside a territory of a size compatible with her population. A great people has need of broad acres.
***
Germany expects nothing from the United States, and the latter has nothing to fear from Germany. Everything combines to ensure the possibility of peaceful coexistence, each in his own country and all in perfect harmony.
ADOLF HITLER ON AMERICA CONTINUED...
2
Unfortunately, the whole business is ruined by the fact that world Jewry has chosen that country in which to set up its most powerful bastion. That, and that alone, has altered the relations between us and has poisoned everything.
I am prepared to wager that well within 25 years the Americans themselves will have realized what a handicap has been imposed upon them by this parasitic Jewry, clamped fast to their flesh and nourishing itself on their life-blood. It is this Jewry that is dragging them into adventures which, when all is said and done, are no concern of theirs, and in which the interest at stake are of no importance to them. What possible reason can the non-Jewish Americans have for sharing the hatreds of the Jews and following meekly in their footsteps?
If we should lose this war, it will mean that we have been defeated by the Jews. Their victory will then be complete. But let me hasten to add that it will only be very temporary. It will certainly not be Europe which takes up the struggle again against them, but it certainly will be America.
The latter is a country still too young to have acquired the maturity conferred by age and exaggeratedly lacking in political sense. For the Americans, everything has so far been ridiculously easy. But experience and difficulties will perhaps cause them to mature.
Just think for a moment what they were when their country was bom-a group of individuals come from all comers of the earth hastening forward in pursuit of fortune and finding at their disposal a vast continent to appease their hunger and all theirs for the taking. National consciousness is a thing which develops very gradually, especially in vast territories such as these. Nor must it be forgotten that these individuals had been drawn from a variety of peoples and had not yet been fused by the bonds of a national spirit. What an easy prey for the Jews!
The excesses in which the Jews indulged in our country are as nothing in comparison with the excesses in which they have indulged and in which they will continue to indulge in ever increasing measure on their new hunting grounds.
***
It will not be very long before the Americans realize that the Roosevelt whom they adored is an idol with feet of clay and that this Jew-ridden man is in reality a malefactor—both from the point of view of the United States and of humanity as a whole. He has dragged them along a path on which they had no business to be, and in particular he has force them to take an active part in a conflict that does not concern them at all.
Had they possessed even a minimum of political instinct, they would have remained in their splendid isolation, content in this conflict to play the role of arbiter. Had they been a little more mature and a little more experienced, they would doubtless have realized that their best course in their own major interests would have been to have entrenched themselves firmly with their faces towards a shattered Europe and in a attitude of vigilant neutrality. By intervening they have played once again into the hands of their Jewish exploiters; and the latter are worldly wise and know exactly what they are doing—but, of course, from their own particular Jewish point of view.
ADOLF HITLER ON AMERICA CONTINUED...
Had Fate so willed that the President of the United States during this critical period were someone other than Roosevelt, he might well have been a man capable of adapting the American economy to the needs of the twentieth century and of becoming the greatest President since Lincoln.
The 1930 crisis was brought on by growing pains—but on a world-wide scale. Economic liberalism showed that it was nothing more than an outdated catch-phrase. Once the significance and the potentialities of the crisis had been appreciated, all that was required was the discovery of appropriate remedies. That is the task on which a great president would have concentrated, and by so doing he would have placed his country in an unassailable place in the world.
Naturally a wise president should have fostered among his countrymen an interest in international affairs and should have encouraged them to turn their eyes to the great world at large; but to have flung them into the middle of a dog fight, as this criminal, Roosevelt, has done, was sheer lunacy. He, of course, has quite cynically taken advantage of their ignorance, their naivete and their credulity. He has make them see the world through the eye of Jewry, and he has set them on a path which will lead them to utter disaster if they do not pull themselves together in time.
***
American affairs are no business of ours, and I should be completely indifferent to what happens to them, but for the fact that their attitude has direct repercussions on our destiny and on that of Europe.
The fact that neither we nor they have any colonial policy is yet another characteristic which should unite us. The Germans have never really felt the imperialist urge. I regard the efforts made at the end of the nineteenth century as a fortuitous accident in our history. Our defeat in 1918 had at least the fortunate consequences that it stopped us from pursuing the course into which the Germans had foolishly allowed themselves to be led, influenced by the example of the French and the British and jealous of a success which they had not the wit to realize was purely transitory.
It is to the credit of the Third Reich that we did not look back with any nostalgia to a past that we have discarded. We have on the contrary turned our eyes resolutely and bravely towards the future, towards the creation of great homogeneous entities and a great Continental policy.
It is, incidentally, a policy on all fours with the traditional American policy of not meddling in the affairs of other continents and forbidding others to meddle in the affairs of the New World.
NEW ORDER
yj3E EDGEFIELD JOURNAL
\Ve Have a Crisis In Immigration and Congress Is Doing Nothing About it
Today there are over 329 language spoken in the United States. And we are accepting nearly one million immigrants flooding into our country each year.
It is a historic fact that nothing is more critical to the unity of a country than a common language. And we face many dangers and urgently need a unity in our American culture. To lose it we lose everything. We are a Christian nation and we must protect all the conditions that have formulated it.
It is time to let our Congressmen know that saving the unified culture of America is far more important than anything they can do!
It is very, very strange that great pressure is being brought to bear on all levels of our government to make our country officially multilingual!!
And it is already true that non-English speaking immigrants can...
>	Vote in foreign languages m
over 375 voting districts.
>	Take their driver Vhcgnse
ftxams in a 1angiiage other
than English.
>	Get free (that is, taxpayer-paid) advice, services and even assistance in die language of their choice.
question being asl "
WHAT IN THE IS happening
WORLD TO OUR
Against RACISM at McDonald’s Restaurants
[The McDonald’s Corporation, America’s largest fast food chain says Jthat they are committed to diversity. However, the truth is McDonald’s iCorp. is committed to everyone except WHITES! McDonald’s is currently (pushing a program that celebrates 365 days of black history! Many of [the restaurants have large posters and decals promoting this program!
IThe McDonald’s Corporation has numerous programs for blacks, Asians [and Hispanics including special scholarship and career programs but (not one single program for WHITES! Whites are currently the minority in i48 major cities in the United States. According to the 20C0 Census by the [year 2050 whites will be the minority in the U.S.
[White Americans, how long can we sit back and allow our very existence to be destroyed? How long will you patronize a corporation who feels that! you and your future generations are not worthy of such special treatment? Make a commitment today to help protect the future of white children! We must stand together and let McDonald’s know that discrimination against white people must stop now!
WHAT CAN VOU DO?
Do not patronize McDonald’s Restaurants! Tell your friends and family not to patronize racism! Make copies of this flyer and distribute in your area. Call your local McDonald’s and demand that they stop their racist special treatment programs!
VWite to the address below and let McDonald’s know that until whites are included into their diversity programs you will spend your hard earned money somewhere else
McDonald’s Corporation - McDonald’s Plaza Oak Brook, Illinois - 60523
Fighting to save the future of White Christian America! Mystic Knights of the Ku Kiux KJan National Office - P. O. Box OOOI - Dayton, Ohio - 45434 0001 - www.mysticknights.org
JOIN THE KU KLUX KLAN
Contact one of the listed groups for free information
P.O. Box 414
Henderson, North Carolina 27536 Recorded Message: 1-919-492-7000
P.O. Box 263
Sandstone, Virginia 23150 Recorded Message: 1-804-328-4379
P.O. Box 81
Lexington, Kentucky 40501
P.O. Box 76 Forest, Virginia 24551
There exists today with the White Race a special and very urgent need to understand our planned destruction. Sadly and regrettably, only a few Whites, up until now, have had the will power, courage, foresight and self-motivation to find out the facts that are causing the White Race to self-destruct.
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN is a growing and dedicated group of White Men and White Women who believe in God and Christian Identity and are working tirelessly with racial truths to expose the enemies of our race.
THE CONFEDERATE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN is a non-violent, active and disciplined White Patriots Movement.
The White Race must survive! Greed, love of money, nor lies from our enemies will stop the KU KLUX KLAN. We seek a lawful and constitutional victory for the White Race. THE VICTORY MUST BE THE TOTAL SEPARATION OF THE RACES.
RACEWATCH NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT SUBSCRIBE TODAY!
SEND NO CHECKS OR BANK MONEY ORDERS! Make all U.S. Money Orders Payable tor DIXIE RIVER PUBLICATIONS, P.O. Box 414, Henderson, NC 27536 Do not make payments to RACEWATCH. The journal is mailed to each subscriber in a plain envelope with return address of our P.O. Box number on the left comer of the envelope. Donations large or small are needed to print and distribute RACEWATCH to sympathetic Whites. We must reach the White Masses NOW!
NAME	___________________
ADDRESS _______________________________________
CITY	____________________________________
STATE_________________________   ZIP___________