Is There Such A Thing As
Christian
Justifiable
Homicide?
by
Lt. Col. Gordon “Jack” Mohr, AUS Ret. 800 Napa Valley Road, #197 Little Rock, Arkansas 72211
Many men in the Prison Ministry have asked questions regarding the scriptural right of a Christian to take the Law into their own hands and punish evil doers. Their principle hero in this case, seems to be the Levitical priest Phineas, who is mentioned in Numbers 25, when he killed an Israelite prince named Zimri, and his Midianite girlfriend Cozbi, whom he had brazenly brought into the Israelite camp in defiance of God’s Law. In this account, God praised Phineas’ actions (vs. 10-13). Does this mean that Christian Israelites today have the right to kill a White man, when we see him consorting with a Black woman? Do we have the right to execute a Jewish doctor, who is killing unborn babies in his abortion clinic?
My answer may not sit well with some Israelites, but we MUST look at it from a scriptural standpoint and let the Bible be our guide, rather than be led by emotion. When Pastor Paul Hill recently killed an abortionist, he appeared on CBS “Eye to Eye” with Connie Chung, rather smugly defending the right of a Christian to execute abortionists, and declaring his actions as “justifiable homicide”, as he called it. He stated that it was a Christian’s duty to execute those who were murdering unborn babies. While my sympathies lie with Pastor Hill, and against the Jewish abortionists, (and I say this because the majority of abortion clinics in Canada and the U.S. are owned and run by Jews), our answer, must of necessity be on scriptural grounds.
As a basis for these remarks, I am going to use some scriptural ideas expressed by Jay Rogers, Director of Media House International, as they appeared in the June 1995 issue CH ALCEDON REPORT, P.O. Box 158, Vallecito, CA 95251, plus some of my own ideas.
One of the sad commentaries on the Paul Hill trial was that none of the pro-life leaders interviewed by the national media, were able to put forth a consistent Biblical stance, defending the use of violence in pro-life activism. While many appeal to emotion and common sense which equates abortion with murder, this is not enough. We must have a Biblical-based-right, before taking the law into our own hands.
Those in the Kingdom Movement, in particular, MUST raise the question: “Is it ever right to use deadly force to defend one’s own life, and the life of others?”
From the very beginning, we MUST maintain that it is not within the jurisdiction of the church, or that of individual Christians, to execute Paul Hill type justice! Even when the offenders are openly violating God’s Law.
Kingdom Theology, which should be the theology of Chris-tian Israelites (and I am not referring to the people we now call Jews, but to the White Anglo-Saxon nations of Christendom, who are the only people in the world, who match the fingerprints, which identify “true Israel” in the closing out days of this Age). Along with this “theology”, should come all attempts to reform national laws. (This is called “Theonomy”, which means “laws controlled by God”; refering to the original Law of God, since He is the basic “lawgiver”.) A general principle of Kingdom Theology, is that the laws of God, as given in the Old Covenant (the Old Testament) are still in effect, except where they were specifically changed by Christ, or His Apostles under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. These laws are as binding today, under the New Covenant, as when they were first given to ancient Israel.
We know there have been some changes, for these were mentioned by the Apostle Peter in the Jerusalem Conference spoken of in Acts 15. Certain Judaizers had come to Antioch, teaching that a man had to be circumcized and keep the Law of Moses, before they could be “saved and join the church”. In vs. 10, the Apostle Peter said to them: “Now therefore, why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear. But we believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.” (See Eph. 2:8). In vs. 19, Peter says: “Wherefore my sentence, (judgment) is, that we trouble them not, which from among the Gentiles are turned to God”. (Here he was referring to the Israelite people of Asia Minor, who had lost their identity in Assyrian captivity, and were looked on by the Jews as Gentiles. See Hosea 1:10). But that we write unto them that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood”. (Nothing is said here about the 600 plus laws of Moses, which the ASSEMBLIES OF YAHWEH say MUST be followed if we are to please God).
Some in Identity teach that the old dietary laws have not been changed, while most agree that the saerifical and cer-
2
emonial laws were done away by Christ’s “once for all” sacrifice for sin on Calvary.
“Dispensational Theology,” which is the theology of the Judeo-Christian church world is flawed for the most part, in that it teaches that the Old Covenant Law, the Ten Commandments, no longer applies to Christians. The Apostle Paul quite adequately answers this argument in his marvelous discourse on the Law in Romans 3. In vs. 20 he states that under the New Covenant (Testament) we are not justified in the eyes of God, through our own good works (keeping the law), and that the purpose of the law is to bring us to the knowledge of sin. In Gal. 3:24, he tells us: “Wherefore the law is our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by FAITH”.
When we look at God’s Law, and see where it says: ‘The soul that sinneth, it shall die!” We know there is no way, within our own strength, that we can please God. So we scurry for a way out of our predicament. This brings us: “face to face” with the only solution to our problem”, which is acceptance of Jesus Christ. It is not the Law that saves us; but it is the Law that brought us to the realization of our sin. In vs. 28, Paul sums this up: “Therefore, (because of this) we conclude that a man is justified by faith, without the deeds (ritual) of the law.” Then in vs. 31, to make sure we do not go astray in our thinking, he says: “Do we make void (of none effect) the law through faith: God forbid! Yea we establish the law!” We have a second witness from the Apostle John in 1 John 3:4, where he says: “Whosoever committeth sin, transgresseth (breaks) also the Law; for sin is transgression of the law”. So according to this, if the Old Testament law has been “done away,” then there can be no more sin, and we know how foolish this thinking is, for we see the effects of sin about us every day.
Confusion among those in the denominational world occurs when they often see God’s people, as they execute violence against God’s enemies, contrary to His Word. What they fail to see, is that there has been a “Covenant shift” in the area in which the law operates and that in some instances, it operates differently under the New Covenant than under the Old. It has not been nullified, or done away!
Jesus spoke in His Sermon on the Mount, to His disciples. This message was not to the general public. He had taken His disciples away into the mountains, to give them a discourse on what His Kingdom would be like, and the rules which
3
would apply to it. He was speaking about a “New World Or. der”. Many conservative patriots hate that word, because it has become the “watchword” of the enemy in his drive to enslave Christianity. But I long for it, under His command!
In Matt. 3:38, 39, He refers to the Old Covenant by saying: “You have heard that it was said, ‘An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth’. But I say unto you, do not resist him who is evil”. Here we see Jesus, as the Son of God, legitimately changing the old law regarding personal vengeance. (He was not referring to the Christians battle against sin and evil men!) The Apostle Paul strengthens this in 2 Cor. 10:4, when he says: “For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal (fleshly)” The Christian under the New Covenant, fights with different weapons than his counterpart under the Old. You may not like it, but there it is in the Word!! While old Israel was God’s “Battleaxe and weapons of war, that broke in pieces nations and destroyed kingdoms,” evidently this is not God’s plan for Israel under the New Covenant. (This does not mean that we must give up the fight. It does mean that our methods of warfare have changed! (I know that some in Identity who want to go out and strike at the enemy with carnal weapons will resent this, but I can’t change God’s Word to make you feel good. In fact, I’d be willing to venture, that most of those who call for violence now, will be hard to find when the lead begins to fly. (I say this on the basis of personal experience in combat in two wars.)
Throughout Paul’s Epistles, he negates the right of the church, or the individual to wield the “sword of judgment’*. This is one of the reasons why the “Paul bashers” in Identity hate him.
Do Paul’s writings negate the authority of civil magistrates to execute vengeance on evil doers? Not at all. That is their purpose! According to Romans 13:4, it is the duty of the court to exact vengeance on evil, but it is not an individual right.
Neither the organized church, or the individual has the right, or authority to execute vengeance on murderers, rapists. Sodomites, adulterers, dopesters, etc. They are not authorized to act as a court in determining the guilt of these people. Remember this, before you rashly accuse another brother, of some sin, without having absolute proof, under the old law, if you were a false witness, you suffered the same sentence as the guilty man. We have far too much of this type of accusation going on in the Prison Ministry. I appreciate information regarding a man who is misusing the Prison Ministry, but
4
you MUST bo absolutely sure of your facts, before you bring them to my attention!
No individual, or no church, has the authority under God, to enforce His decrees with violence! While under the Old Covenant, a man could be found guilty based on the testimony of two or three witnesses and could be executed by individuals. Under the New Covenant, this duty belongs to the State or Civil authority. In Romans 13:3,4 Paul explains this: “For rulers (and here we would be in order to insert “Godly rulers”) are not a terror to good works, but to evil. Wilt thou not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid: for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is a minister of God, a revenger, to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil”.
But what happens when we are under evil rulers, as we are now. who often persecute the righteous, and help the ungodly? Paul addresses this in vs. 7 when he says: “Render therefore to all their dues; tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour”. This echoes the words of Jesus when the Pharisees asked Him if it was lawful to pay taxes to Caesar, who the Jews hated. He replied (Matt. 22:21) - “Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar’s; and unto God the things which are God’s”. Then in Matt. 17, when the tax collectors asked Peter whether his Master paid taxes to Rome, He replied “Yes!” (vs. 25). In verse 27 Christ told Peter to go Fishing, and the first fish he pulled in, would have a coin in its mouth: 'Take that and pay the tax collector, lest we offend them”. Why? could it be because He wanted them to “avoid the very appearance of evil?” Possibly some of our tax protestors who brag so loudly about not having paid taxes in umpteen years, should think about this! Nowhere do I find any teaching of Jesus that says His followers should not pay taxes. (Remember, the government of Rome at this time was exceedingly wicked).
One of the reasons for Christ’s execution was that he taught “civil obedience” to the Roman government. He was not a revolutionary as many say.
However, we must use much care, for there are instances when individual responsibility to defend one’s own life and that of their family, becomes a separate issue, Frederick Bastiat, the internationally famous French lawyer, in his book THE LAW, states that man has the “natural right from His
Creator, to defend himself, his family and his property fr evil men”.
While under the Old Covenant, a	man could take per^	(
vengeance if he or his family were	harmed, under the Nk	1
Covenant, there were only specific	instances when this ^	i
allowed. Under both Covenants, if	a man breaks into y0lJr	i
home and attempts to harm you or your family, you havethe : right to kill him. This is known as “justifiable homicide”.it^ mentioned in Ex. 22:2, 3.
According to this scripture, the defender has the scriptural right of self-defense, and defense of his family and property.
If the thief breaks in at night, and is killed, there is no blood guiltiness. But if the crime happens during the daylight, the householder cannot turn himself into a vigilanti and hunt down and kill the intruder.
The “pro-lifers” may ask this question: “If abortion is the wanton destruction of human life, (and we know it is), and we defend life violently in our home, then why don t we have the right to do the same at the abortion clinic”. This is a good question which needs an answer! If we really believe the “fetus” is a human being, then why should we not defend it in any way possible? Is it contrary to God’s Law to use violence in defense of the unborn? Another good question!
I believe there is a fundamental difference between the case of the man who defends his family against an intruder, and that of taking it on himself to become jury, judge and executioner in the case where murder is about to be committed, or which has been committed by abortion. Under the New Covenant, this authority belongs to the civil authorities only.
In Matt. 26:52, when Peter struck off the ear of the High __ *-*■*.*'■ &
Priest’s servant, as he attempted to defend Jesus from the Jews ... our Lord told him: “He who lives by the sword, shall die by the sword”. Christ was on His way to the cross. He was about to suffer the greatest act of violence the world had ever, or would ever see. He was clearly indicating that the Kingdom of God, and the plan of God, was not to be advanced by violence.
The so-called Christian Crusades of the Middle Ages, were Christian in name only, since they were not for the purpose of advancing the Kingdom of God, but for the enrichment and glorification of world rulers. God’s Kingdom is to be advanced by His Word alone, never by violence! This is an important
6
lesson that many of our Identity people need to learn. Probably it's MOST important lesson is that OBEDIENCE TO GOD MUST ALWAYS COME BEFORE WE CAN HAVE VICTORY! We have two options available: (1) the “easy way” God's way, (see Matt. 11:29, 30); or (2) continue “doing our own thing", and learn that “the way of the transgressor (he who bucks God), is indeed very hard," and always leads to disaster.
But violence used in self-defense is another matter, and in Luke 22:36, we see where Christ tells His disciples that if they didn’t have a means of self-defense, they were to sell their garments and buy one. He told them this, after He had sent them out to preach the Word, and they had come back saying: “Lord, we had need of nothing!" In vs. 36, He makes this cryptic statement: “BUT NOW . . ." These words indicate a changes of status. It was as if He was telling them that they were about to go out among their enemies, and were to have a means of self-defense. So when a Christian believes in the 2nd Amendment and in providing a means to defend himself and his family from evil men, by buying a gun, don’t fault him, he is following the King’s orders.
We can’t advance the Kingdom of God by using the 2nd Amendment as the basis for our defense, but it gives us the scriptural right to have firearms to defend ourselves, not only from evil men, but more specifically from a government that turns from being the “servant of the people, into a monster that seeks to enslave them". This is the same thing that was taught in the Old Covenant.
The Kingdom view of authority includes the individual, the family, the Church, and the State. The strategy of the Christian must be to use all methods short of violence, to stop evils such as abortion. Of course the main weapons we must use are the spiritual one’s of prayer, and scripture teaching, which will change the hearts and lives of those who condone the practice of child murder, both in the lives of the mother who allows it, and the doctor who practices it.
Here, the blame must fall on the shoulders of the pastors in Canada and the U.S. who have “fallen down on their task of preaching the whole counsel of God’s Word," (see Jer. 23:22).
This scripture clearly indicates that if the pastors were doing their job, the people would “turn from their wicked ways". (This would include their backing for child murder).
7
There was a lime, within my lifetime, when America closer to God, and when abortion was an unthinkable crin* Today it is condoned by many who go by the name of Chris tian, because apostacy has entered the church, and the people are not being told the truth by their religious leaders. A good description of these leaders can be found in Isa. 56:10, H. “His (Israel’s) watchmen are blind: they are all ignorant (of God’s Word), they are all dumb dogs, they cannot bark; (a watchdog that cannot or will not bark is useless) sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber. (They sleep while the enemy destroys our people). Yea, they are greedy dogs, which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand; they all look to their own gain . . .” (If you don’t want to believe this, look at the TV evangelists. Recently I saw what was called a PRAISE THE LORDATHON! onTrin-ity Broadcasting System, where the President’s wife, whirling around like some heathen priestess, literally screamed; “Praise the Lord, we have raised over four million dollars!" Over and over the emphasis on these TV spectaculars, is raising money. The Bible says: “Doing everything for their own gain!’’ When the leadership of the church is engaged in this kind of activity, how can they expect their people to take a stand against evil?)
Because our preachers have fallen down on their responsibility to preach the “whole counsel’’ of God’s Word, America and Canada are overrun with evil, which allows such practices as the sanction of murder of 2-million unborn every year. Our countries are going to pay a heavy price for this evil we have condoned!
Christians who advocate violence as a legitimate tactic to force people into obedience to God’s Word, are “lawless covenant breakers’’ themselves.
Whether you want to accept it or not, there has been a Covenantal shift in how God’s justice is executed, since Jesus died and rose again. The Law still remains, it has not changed, but the manner of executing it has changed. Under the Old Covenant, God’s people warred according to the flesh. Under the New Covenant, we MUST war after the Spirit.
Kingdom Theology provides a response to all sin. The Old Testament (Covenant) provided examples of what we must accomplish in the New. In I Cor. 10:11, the Apostle Paul, speaking about things which happened under the Old Covenant, said: “Now all these things happened unto them for examples; and they were written for our admonition.” (The
8
English word for ADMONITION, is “nouthesis” (3559) and means: “attention; warning; rebuke”. For example: “Natural Israel" followed a man named Joshua into the Promised Land; “Spiritual Israel", follows a man named YESHUA (Jesus) into the Land of Promise. Everything the Old Testament Israelites experienced in possessing the land of Canaan, has a direct New Testament application.
Israel was commanded to destroy the detestable idolatrous act of “child murder” in Canaan. Under the New Covenant, in our day, Christians are commanded to drive idolatry from the land. How do we accomplish this under the apparent restrictions imposed by the New Covenant? Should we, like ancient Israel, attack the individuals responsible for this idolatry and kill them? These are questions which demand scriptural answers!
Under the Old Covenant, the Holy Spirit had not yet been given to Israel, as we know Him today. Man had neither the anointing, or the power, or the authority to confront demonic powers. There are no scriptural examples of the exorcism of demon spirits under the Old Covenant. In order to defeat the forces of wickedness, there was no solution other than to destroy the idol worshipers, or drive them out of the land. This accounts for God’s order to Israel, to destroy the heathen nations it encountered in Canaan. This.order is the source of much embarrassment in the modem church, who do not want our people to look on God, as anything but a “God of love!” Yet wherever Israel disobeyed God, these heathen became “thorns in their sides”. In Numbers 33:55, we read: “But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which he let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell”.
But when Jesus, the Son of God arrived on the scene, the scenario changed. For the first time in recorded history, “saved” men and women, were given full authority to control their lives. These “spiritual warriors” were given authority to directly confront the forces of demonic power which the Apostle Paul called “spiritual wickedness in high places,” (Eph. 6:12) and overcome them. (Here I need to explain what 1 mean by “saved" men and women. I am not referring to the vast majority who accept Jesus as Savior - a sort of Celestial Fire Insurance Policy to keep them out of hell. Few of these want Him as King, for when they accept Him as King, they can no longer “do their own thing", for He is now in complete control of their lives. These are the OVERCOMERS,
spoken of in Rev. 2 and 3, who will “rule and reign” with the King in His Millenium Kingdom.)
Paul went on to explain this “spiritual warfare” in Ephesians 6, when he said: “For we wrestle not against flesh and blood (human beings), but against principalities, (Gk. -“archi” [746] meaning: “magistrates; rulers”) against powers (Gk. - “exousia”, [1849] meaning: “delegated influences; potentates; super-humans; jurisdiction”) against the rulers of the darkness (Gr. - “skotos” [4655] meaning: “obscurity or shadiness”) of this world (order), against spiritual (demonic powers) wickedness in high places”.
This is the same demonic power that was present in the Garden of Eden, as recorded in Gen. 3:4, when the serpent told Mother Eve: “If you disobey God, and eat of the forbidden fruit, ye shall not surely die!”
In Luke 11:20 Jesus defines the ability to “cast out demons”. as one of the primary signs that the Kingdom of God has arrived. He said: “But if I (the Son of God) with the finger of God, cast out devils, no doubt the Kingdom of God is come upon you”.
God’s people are now in a position to confront the real problem. Instead of destroying the adversary, we work for his salvation. When they accept the King, they are no more enemies, but brethren in Israel. (I suspect that this is one truth which disturbs some in Identity, who do not want any but White folks to be in the kingdom).
When Joshua led Israel into the Promised Land, they began to obey God’s command to destroy all idolatry and in some instances this led to the complete annihilation of entire cities, much to the embarrassment of some churchmen today, who want God to be always pictured as a “God of love”, never as a “God of wrath against evil doers”. God wants us to be as ruthless as Joshua and his armies in destroying the forces of heathen idolatry in the land, only now we can direct our energies against the evil forces behind this idolatry - the real enemy - the spiritual forces of wickedness in heavenly places. Jesus commanded us, as His followers, to go into all the world, wrenching it from the control of Satan and His forces. That is our Kingdom task!
When Jesus talked about John the Baptist, in Luke 7:28, He said: “For I say unto you. Among those born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist; (but no-
10
tice carefully now). But he that is least in the Kingdom of God, is greater than he". Jesus is telling us that the least Christian has more spiritual authority than an Old Testament prophet.
On another occasion, in John 14:12, Jesus said: “He who believes in Me, the works that I do shall he also do; and greater works than these shall he do, because I go on to the Father". He was not speaking about the phony display we see, put on by the TV evangelists, as they touch people on the forehead and have them faint away. He was speaking of “spiritual power" that would defeat a supernatural enemy, and 1 have seen very little of this power within our Kingdom Movement. It is almost completely missing in the compromising Judeo-Christian church world.
Our King, Jesus the Christ, expects us as His followers, to manifest the same authority over evil that He did, but we cannot use violence to accomplish it. We would be playing into the enemy hands if we did. Anytime something shocking takes place, the first question we should ask is: “Cue bono? (who benefit?) In the recent Oklahoma City tragedy, most certainly the Christian Patriot Movement did not benefit, no matter how hard the media tries to prove otherwise. Only the New World Order received any benefit from it. The same thing happens, when Christians use violence to bring about spiritual results. The enemy benefits!
There is a wide divergence of opinion in Christian circles, ^ about the issue of abortion and the Law of God. On one side B we have those who advocate violence, while on the extreme, w are those who do not believe God’s Word when it says: (Gen. 9:6) - “Whoso sheddeth man’s blood, by man shall his blood be shed ..." These oppose capital punishment as being un-k Christian, when it is God’s proper retribution for murder.
We have already discussed how the Kingdom Law will not allow us to commit violence. Now we shall look at another error, which is common, and which is based on the “natural law theory". This theory was held by the renowned Roman Catholic scholar Thomas Aquinas, and was later developed by the rationalist philosopher John Locke.
“Natural law" is the idea that inherent in all men and women, is 1 sense of “divinity," of “good and evil". In other words, that natural men, deep down inside themselves, know that murder, and rape, and Sodomy are wrong. But the idea of “natural law", cannot be found in the scriptures, which
II
plainly tells us that the heart of natural men and women is “desperately wicked and deceitful.** not to be trusted. (Jer. 17:9).
“Natural law”, is distinguished by “natural revelation” that the Apostle Paul discusses in Rom. 1:18-21.
This states that while “natural men” and women recognize the existence of God, they do not know what the Bible has to say about it. The problem arises you see, when “unsaved men and women”, lake the idea of “natural revelation" and attempt to build a system of “natural law, or natural theology” on it. It does not work!
The Kingdom view, which is the scriptural view does not deny “natural law”, since it is one of the bases on which lost men will be judged by God. But listen closely to what the Apostle Paul has to say in Rom. 1:18-21 - “For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men. who hold the truth in unrighteousness. Because (for this reason) that which may be known of God is manifest (made known) in them; for God hath shown it unto them. For the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead: (the Psalmist said, Ps. 19:1 - “The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firmament (earth) showeth His handiwork”) so that they are without excuse. Because (as a result of this) that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God; neither were they thankful; but they became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened, professing themselves to be wise, they became fools”.
It is for this reason, that “Natural theology, or a workable natural law” cannot be employed. Unregenerate men and women do not instinctively know “right from wrong, or good from evil”, because the natural heart of human beings is wicked. Man hates to admit his inherent wickedness, so he naturally supresses any truth dealing with it.
“Natural Law” can never work, because men will never agree with it’s truth, even when they know it. Paul says that this is the basis for “homosexuality,” (Rom. 1:24)- “Wherefore (because they will not accept God) God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature; and likewise the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust, one towards another: men with men, working that which is unseemly” (disgraceful; indecent).
, R,rates God’s judgment for this sin: "Who knowing Hi of God. that they which commit such things are 2y0f death. not only do the same, but have pleasure (con-||| jn them that do them .
H becomes quite obvious that “natural law” teaches that |H “abortion and sodomy” are wrong, yet such is the preversity of “natural man”, who is “basically evil,” that they •sear their conscience”, so that they will not worry when they flout God’s Law, even when it calls for death.
Natural revelation in itself is not sufficient, so we must seek something with authority, and this brings us to God’s Word, as the only source for this authority.
This is why the Bible was written. As an example, “natural law teaches us nothing about “salvation”, and the only ^Mgccan know how to be saved, is from the written Word.
The only way we can escape from the penalty that says: “The I ^8es°fsjn is death”, (Rom. 6:23) and ‘The soul that sinneth,
• (Ezek. 18:4), is found in John 3:16- “For God so HBIlf worJd; that He sent His only Begotten Son, that
K?oe# ^lieyeth in Him, might not perish, but have everlasting life”.
We should not oppose abortion on the grounds of the “sanc-»or “life is precious in the eyes of God,” and I B1 these statements are true. The reason we MUST op-If H because it violates the moral law of God. If we do Bprecognize this, we fall into the moral trap of being against Blpital Punishment and service in the Armed Forces of our ^Mltry. (As most of you know, I spent a considerable part of |iny life in the Army, serving during three wars, with combat duty in WWII and Korea. Yet I can not counsel young men to join the military today, since they would not be defending the United States, but the Anti-Christ United Nations. I am not against defense of this country, and believe I have proved it.
But I am against the taking of human life, in order to promote the evils of One World Government, and line the pockets of evil men. My conscience sometimes bothers me because of my service in WWII and Korea. I went overseas, as most of our men did, filled with love of country and devotion for our cause. I did not know then, as I do now, that both those wars, and Vietnam, were fought for the benefit of the International Bankers who now control our country. It is wrong, to take human life for such as these.
I MR Mg "natural law” is applied to society, it leaves open H B|||"human autonomy”, (self-government). It has been
proven over and over again, during 6.000 years of written history, that unregenerate men and women are not capable of governing themselves, and that when the Law of God is left out. chaos results. When men stand up and decide what is “right” and “wrong”, without taking into consideration what God says about it, “all hell breaks loose!” This inevitably leads to the conditions described in Isa. 5:20 - “Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes, and prudent (have understanding) in their own sight.” (In other words, this is speaking of those who believe they know better than God, how to run His earth).
As adherents of the Kingdom Movement, we MUST look into the future and ask ourselves: “What will be our vision of America in thirty, forty, or fifty years?” Will we be living under God's rule, or the dictatorship of man. These are the only choices we have.
Our vision must be, not only the eradication of evils such as abortion, sodomy, dope, and all evil, but the complete rehabilitation of mankind through the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and under His leadership.
A revival of the Law-Word of God will affect many more than just Christians and the church; it will change our society. This is why we, if we are to survive, MUST adhere to the provisions of the only FORMULA FOR SURVIVAL that will work. We KNOW it will, for God has said so. It is found in 2 Chronicles 7:14. Many of you know it from memory, as it is a favorite in many churches: “If My people, which are called by My name (Christian), will humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; THEN will I HEAR from heaven and will FORGIVE their sins, and will HEAL their land”. (Emphasis mine!) But we MUST give this more than the “lip service” it has received in the past.
Too often, in spiritual apostacy, we have fulfilled the words of Isa. 29:13-14 - “... Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouths, and with their lips do honour Me. but their fear (reverence) towards Me is taught by the precepts (doctrines) of men. Therefore (because of this), I will proceed to do a marvelous work among this people; even a marvelous work and a wonder; for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men (leaders) shall be hid”. We are in those days now! This is why we see evil rather than good in our Government. This is why we
14
see “compromise with evil” in our churches. This will not change, until our people change, and are willing once again to be obedient to God. Must we first be driven to our knees, and have our nose rubbed in the dirt, before we are willing to “Listen to God, OBEY, and be saved, both spiritually and physically?** May God forbid!
When our people wake up to who they are, and their responsibility to God, and begin to OBEY, then once again, America and Canada will become “twin beacons of righteousness in the world”, and our people will live in peace and prosperity!
This message was written specifically for men in the gulag, but I believe it is a message all Christians should understand, feel free to recopy, since being short of funds, 1 am having only 1,000 copies printed. I will supply them at cost, plus shipping charges, as long as they last.
Jack Mohr