Jrom the Watchman’s Corner!
Have American Christians Come <Un6er H Zionist Control?
By
Lt. Colonel Gordon ‘Jack’ Mohr
CRUSADES FOR CHRIST
Lt. Colonel Gordon ‘Jack’ Mohr, AUS. Retired 400 Harper Lane North Little Rock, Arkansas 72118
Jrom tfle Watriunan’s Comer
Have Most American Christians Come riln&r Zionist Controf?
■I
Lt. Colonel Gordon ‘Jack’ Mohr
The above shocking title was asked in a recent issue of “Criminal Politics” published by the Patterson Strategic Organization, P O Box 37812, Cincinnati, Ohio 45222
In the face of much religious and political activity worldwide, this is a legitimate question for genuine Christians to ask, especially White American Christians, since we have been under the 'Death Threat ' of World Jewry, since our Savior, Jesus Christ, exposed their hypocrisy and hatred of Him, His followers, and the truth, over 2,000 years ago.
In John 8:44, we listen as He accused the Jewish leaders; "Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it. ” This accusation, plus many more, earned Jewish hatred, for the King and we His followers. If you check Jewish writings, over and over they repeat this threat: "We will banish God from the skies, and wipe out White Christian civilization. ”
On the basis of this threat alone, and the murder of millions of Christians under Jewish led Communism, it would be reasonable to believe that intelligent Christians would recognize Jewry, especially militant Zionism, as their bitterest enemy.
There is a small remnant of Christianity, who still takes God’s Word at face value (which means literally), in spite of Jewish efforts to fool them through such hypocritical organizations as *Jews for Jesus', the *Messianic Jews , and the American Council oj Christians and Jews These are all Zionist fronts, used by Zionism to further their control over ‘brainwashed* Christians.
1
ionist Control
An easy test will prove this: Ask almost any Judeo-Christian or Fundamentalist Christian if they love Jesus and you will get a resounding ‘YES!’ Then ask them the status of the Jews in their belief, and they will undoubtedly say, “My pastor and my church teach that they are God Chosen People, the seed of Abraham.” Then ask them if they believe the Bible is God’s Word? For that is also taught in most of their churches, and they very well may react with anger. Then turn to John 10:26, where Jesus speaking to their religious leaders said, "But ye (Jews) believe me not, because ye are not of my sheep!”
How could this clear statement be misunderstood? Then if you are real brave ask: whom are you going to believe, your pastor and church, or your Savior? Then get ready to duck, for Christians love is often forgotten at this point.
If you want more ammunition to back your point there is much available - John 8:19, 23, 24, 33, 47, & 55; Matthew 15:13, 14; 21:43, 44; 23:15. Not one of these verses, or any others in the Bible, indicates that the Jews are God’s Chosen people.
So why do we find this phenomenon that the people who hate God and His Son, our Savior, can possibly be called His Chosen?
Is it possible, that the question I raised in the first paragraph of this message is true? Could it be that the vast majority of the church world has fallen under the evil spell of Zionism?
Could this be the reason why some dedicated Christians who have studied this problem in depth, and recognize it’s evil, refer to our government and church hierarchy as being ZOG (Zionist Occupied Government)? There are many daily issues, which prove this.
There are many reasons for this among Christians, one of the most often used is: “Don’t be so negative!” Yet a good deal of the Bible, including the New Testament is 1negative ’, in that it deals with sin and it’s consequences.
The Christian message in itself is a message of hope, not fear. and we are told in 2 Timothy 1:7-
|For God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. ”
Yet we are told in Jeremiah 32:40
"And 1 will make an everlasting covenant with them (Israel, no the Jews), that I will not turn away from them, to do them good; but I will put fear in their hearts, that they shall not depart from me. ”
1 Samuel 12:18 - "So Samuel called unto the LORD; and the LORD sent thunder and rain that day: and all the people (Israelites) greatly feared the LORD and Samuel. ”
There is a great deal of difference between Godly fear of the Lord, that keeps His people obedient to Him, and the fear generated by a guilty, sinful heart.
The modem church spends so much time speaking about the love of God (and He is a God of love), that they often forget He is also a God of wrath against evildoers.
How long has it been since you heard a sermon about God’s anger against sin? It’s not heard often even by evangelists, as people generally do not like to be reminded of their responsibility towards God. So they flock to hear a preacher like Oral Roberts, who will tell them: “Something good is going to happen to you today (especially if you leave a generous offering).” It’s amazing how a preacher promise of God’s blessing, often goes hand in hand with what you put in the offering plate.
This becomes the easy and worldly way to worship, when a pastor and his church come under Zionist domination. This leads to the Laodicean church of Revelation 3:15-17, that is neither ‘cold nor hot, but lukewarm' and is discarded by Jesus.
This deception is mentioned by the Apostle Paul in 2 Thessalonians 2:3 -
“Let no man deceive you in any means: for that day (the Second Coming of Jesus) shall not come, except there be a falling away first, and that man of sin (the Antichrist) be revealed, the son ofperdition;"
Verse 4 tells us that this world leader will oppose God in every way, exalting Phimself as God, as he sits in the temple of God. There is no temple now and it must be built on the mins of the Moslem sacred Mosque, which is now sits there. Plans have been on the drawing board of the Israelis for decades for this destruction, which surely will precipitate a war between the Arab world and the Jews. It could very possibly be tied in with the war now going on in Iraq.
It will be from this Temple, backed by Zionist nuclear power, that the Antichrist will temporarily rule the world.
In verse 9 we are told that this leader will appear, "with the working of Satan, with all power and signs, and lying wonders, ”
In verses 10-12 says he will deceive the
I . . unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: That they
3
tontst Control
all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. ”
There are some who go by the name of Christian, who because of their ingrained stubbornness would rather believe Satan than God. You may say, “but they profess to be Christian, and we must not judge them”, and the Word of God shouts back, “By their fruits shall ye know them (Matthew 7:20).”
The Bible is filled with negative warnings that stand like road signs, which says DANGER-DETOUR-BRIDGE OUT! It would take a mighty stupid individual who would ignore the signs and drive forward to their destruction. Yet in essence that is what our Israel people have done. In the days of the prophets, they often killed the messenger because they did not like God’s message of repentance.
Listen to Jesus as He condemns these religious rulers of our Israel people. In Matthew 23:30 they said,
“If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. ”
Jesus answered them in verse 31-33 -
“Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers. Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers (poisonous snakes), how can ye escape the damnation of hell? ”
The negative warnings in the Bible are to keep Christians from falling away from the faith and we must not shy away from them, because they are negative and unpleasant.
From a careful study of the Bible, one can know that the Israelites, not the mongrel people the world calls Jews, are God’s Elect. His Word proves this on many occasions. Tum to Isaiah 45:3 & 4, and listen as the prophet speaks these words from God.
|And I (God) will give thee (Israel) the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the LORD, which call thee by name, am the God of Israel. For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine elect, 1 have even called thee by thy name (Israel): 1 have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me. "
I challenge you to show me anywhere in Scriptures where the Jews are ever known as God’s people! He does say to the minority (less then 15%), who can trace their bloodline back to Isaac and Jacob and his elder son Esau. God says of Esau in Malachi 1:2-4-
h
Zionist Controf
“ # t was not Esau Jacob’s brother? saith the LORD: yet I loved Jacob, and I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness. Whereas Edom (Esau) saith, ‘ We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places (what they are trying to do today in Palestine)', thus saith the LORD of hosts, They (Esau/Edom/Jewry) shall build, but I will throw down; and they (Israel) shall call them (Esau/Edom/Jewry), The border of wickedness, and. The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever.
There is no place for any Jewish Chosen People here!
The majority of people, who call themselves Jews, come from a heathen, Turkish-Mongolian people called Ashkenazi. Their ancestors never set foot in Palestine, yet they falsely use God’s promise to Abraham, a Hebrew, as the basis for their conquest of Palestine. Every Prime Minister of this Israeli mini-state, beginning with Ben Gurion, has come from this heathen background.
Why with the overpowering evidence of Scripture against them, do the majority of those who call themselves Christian, support them? Irrefutable evidence shows them to be God’s worst enemy, and thus an enemy of all who bear His name.
We find the Jews of Jesus day, admitting they were not Israelites. In John 8:32 when Jesus told them - “And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. ” They indignantly replied — We be Abraham s seed, and were never in bondage to any man. ”
This statement speaks for itself for any Sunday school student knows that Israel was in bondage, both in Egypt and Assyria. So the only thing this statement can mean is that they were related to Abraham through his grandson Esau.
The proof millions of professing Christians call God’s worst enemies His Chosen, and support them with money and prayers, and are even willing to sacrifice their sons and daughters, to the Zionist god of war, is proof of Zionist control.
The Bible prophecies a time when Esau shall shake Jacob’s yoke from his shoulder and would have dominion over Jacob (See Genesis 27:39 & 40). The prophet Jeremiah foresaw this conflict and in Jeremiah 30:7 said,
“Alas! For that day is great, so that there is none like it: it is even the time ofJacob *s trouble; but he shall be saved out of it.
I believe we are living in that day now, and that Jewish persecution will become worse and worse, until it culminates under the rule of the Antichrist. Jesus also o this happen when he said in John 16:2 -	.. the time cometh, that w osoever, i et i
you will think that he doeth God service."
ionist Control
So in spite of the efforts by the modem day church to make it’s members happy and care free, I believe the day is coming soon when in their fear (Luke 21:26), Christians will once again seek God, and put Him first in their life.
Zionist control, over America began when a gutless Congress and a thoroughly Jewish ‘brainwashed’ and controlled President (Woodrow Wilson), signed the Federal Reserve Bill into law, thus giving control of American currency into the hands of eight mega banks, seven of whom were Jewish owned and controlled.
With control of the currency, it was relatively easy for Zionism to move into position of leadership and control in many other important areas. One of the first things they sought to control, was the press, for with a pro-Zionist press, they could control the thinking of large percentage of the American people. Of course along with the press, went control of the television, the movies, and the theatre.
Another most important area was public education, so they proceeded to place their agents in the most important positions in education, until today they control the most important positions in education societies, teacher’s unions and in the teaching profession of education itself. Realizing that it was essential to control the thinking of the American people, their two major targets became the church and the public schools. This is where Satanically clever, trained educators, to a new set of morals, molded young minds never before seen or practiced in America.
Nowhere were they as successful as in their attack against the church, where their Guide Book, the Holy Bible, which had been the mainstay of Protestant Christianity for hundreds of years, was gradually placed on the shelf to gather dust in many churches. Instead they began to teach and preach a twisted theology, which would change the thinking of American Christianity as a whole, to where they would accept moral changes, which were never, dreamed possible.
The majority of Christian Seminaries and Bible schools, which had for decades been fundamental in their Bible teachings suddenly found themselves rubbing shoulders with Jewish Professors, many of who claimed Christ and the Gospel, while ‘denying the power thereof. Gradually these insinuated the Marxist ideology of Judaism into the minds of Christians.
One example is Dr. Harry F. Ward, who was President of Union Theological Seminary in New York City. Dr. Ward was a ‘card carrying Communist' and in the years he controlled Union it is estimated he sent over 40,000, Jewish/Communist pastors into Protestant pulpits.
As this thinking began to take effect, we saw a radical change take place, as the morals of generations, that had made America the Great Christian Republic, gradually
Zionist Control
changed us into a Social Welfare state with an 'Anything goes philosophy, as long . makes you feel good
Immoral practices such as homosexuality, lesbianism, and interracial marriages, which were banned by law a few decades ago, suddenly became the in thing for young Americans. The sanctity of marriage, for the most part became a joke, with almost 50% of all marriages ending in divorce. The moral and spiritual filthiness of homosexuality and lesbianism has been laughed away until we see these reprobates pasturing gay churches.
With all this planning, one main goal has not been forgotten. The Ages old desire to ‘destroy White Christian civilization' is as strong as when it was first concocted in the Jewish mind. Today we see this idea being pushed on television, in the schools, and now in churches that know that God’s Word forbids it (I’m not speaking about non-whites attending a church service. I’m speaking about churches that mix blacks and whites in their gym classes, at summer camp, in swimming parties and church dances). The enemy know that the best way to destroy the White Race is through miscegenation and in the Zionist New World Order, men and women will be forced into intercourse with an opposite race.
J*1 j^s waY> within a few decades there will no longer be a White race, but an intermingling of many races, the thing God forbids in many places. These mixed people, like those in Brazil are much easier for a conqueror to control. The sands of history are covered with the bleaching bones of great civilizations that ignored this law and were destroyed. Possibly one of the most startling was the country of Portugal. At one time it was a world power, whose navigators were the first to sail around the world. Then the easy going Portuguese began to intermarry with Black slaves who had been brought to their country. Within a few decades Portugal became a Third World Nation. The same thing happened to Greece and Rome, with the same results. God had a good reason to command: “Like kind shall produce like kind”, even to His created animal, vegetable, and aquatic creation.
The picture on the front page of this message as taken from “Criminal Politics”, February 23, 2003, shows the contents of this message, as President Bush, and major American Christian leaders march together under the Israeli flag.
The purpose of the war in Iraq is not the protection of this country from Iraq, which has never been a danger to us. It is not primarily for oil, although our industrialists will benefit from it. We are in Iraq, first and foremost because we offer protection for the Israelis. This war could not be fought, if we were not under control. Once again we find America 'pulling Jewish chestnuts out of the fire \ as we did in 1914 and . cannot help but wonder how badly we will be burned this time? We s	M	*
it has taken us deeper and deeper into the Zionist quicksand, whic wi en in World Order, and death or slavery for American Christians.
ionist Control
There are so many angles to what is taking place in the Middle East that this message will not be a continuous narrative, but will be in segments which will show you what is happening and it’s scriptural significance.
It has become abundantly clear that this ‘ever persecuted minority ’ (according to their statements), who would, ‘never hurt a fly ', have been the world’s worst criminals.
Our Lord Jesus accused them of being guilty of all the innocent blood shed on earth, from the time when Cain killed his brother Abel, in Genesis to His time.
We know that they have murdered more Christians in the past 2,000 years; beginning with the Jews instigated Roman persecution, to the Jewish led Communist massacres in this last century, where millions of men, women and children were tortured to death. I saw their handiwork in Korea in 1948, where in ten days they murdered over 3,800 of their own people.
They have been the instigators of the most costly wars this country has ever fought. Their leaders have bragged about Jewish massacres down through the years. In 1856, a Rabbi Reichom, at the funeral of another rabbi in the Hague said, “Wars are the Jews harvests; with them we kill off Christians while we gain control of their gold; we have already killed 100 million of them, and the end is not yet.” This is a typical remark by the Christ haters, when referring to Christ and His people.
This penchant for shedding blood can be seen in a recent statement made by a high-ranking Israeli official, as reported by the “I.A.P. News”, February 1, 2003. “We can destroy every European capital, if we desire.”
An Israeli professor and militant historian, speaking in an interview with the “Jerusalem Post” said, “Complete deportation of the Palestinian people is the Israeli strategy, and before we bow to the Arabs, we will destroy the world.”
With the exception of very small faction in this troubled little country, their overall policy is to hate anyone who is not a Jew. This is a teaching from their “Talmud”, that only Jews are human, and that all 'goyim | (you and I), are fit only to be slaves or be destroyed, and that when the Jews come into their kingdom (the New World Order), every Jew will have 2,000 goyim slaves. Is this what you want for your children and grandchildren?
Yet in the face of these Jewish threats, and actions, it is amazing how many 'brainwashed' professing Christians consider them to be God’s Special People. They are special, in that they have been set aside for Godly destruction (See Malachi 1:4).
Out of the book of Obadiah verses 8-10 says, “Shall not I in that
day, saith the LORD, even destroy the wise men out of Edom, and
understanding out of the mount of Esau? And thy mighty men, O Teman,
8
Zionist Control
shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter. ” WHY? Verse 10 - “For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever.
Still in the same passage verse 18 - “And the house of Jacob (Israel) shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them (Esau), and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau: for the LORD hath spoken it. ”
Dear ‘Bom Again Christian5,
Isn’t it about time that you listen to the Word of God, instead of some Zionist propagandist like Jack Van Impe or Jerry Falwell? God will not hold you guiltless, if you support His enemies, when His Word gives you plain warning as to who they are.
Cry Havoc an6 Jut $(jp the Dogs ofWar!
As I wrote this message, the Holy Spirit led me to some material published by Pastor David Meyer from Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. Brother Meyer has an interesting background that makes his comments even more worthy of our attention, as before he was saved, he was deeply involved in the occult. I will not use his entire bulletin, just those parts that tie in with this message. “THE LAST TRUMPET NEWSLETTER”, of February 2003, editor David Meyer (P.O. Box 806, Beaver Dam, WI 53916).
The unusual title “Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war”, was taken from William Shakespeare’s “Julius Caesar”, Act III, Scene I, written in 1608. The unholy Illuminati, Zionist in background, have been chosen to launch the year 2003 with these words. To show you this information was divinely revealed; notice that this Bulletin was published before President Bush launched his war against Iraq.
I believe Brother Meyer was divinely led to make these remarks, before this war began. He said, “I believe that 2003 will be a year of war, unless the Lord intervenes.”
Other things are happening worldwide, which pointed to this war, and the terrible events, which will follow it.
One of Brother Meyer’s readers in Australia, who lives near Sidney, sent him a FAX on New Years Day, which evidently was a forecast of the Iraqi War. This is a word for word quote from the message he sent: “Last night on New Years Eve, we had the usual ‘bread and circus1 activity in Sydney Harbour, with multi-million dollar fircwo If I could summarize the scene as it has a close connection with your January News etter, which I received in yesterday’s mail.
9
ionist Control
“I refer specifically to page two of your newsletter in which you discuss the war spirits, the ‘dogs of war'. Sydney Harbour is indeed magnificent, and the evening was clear and warm, although oddly, three hours earlier, strong winds had caused a cancellation of the 9 P.M. fireworks. We live about ten miles from the city, and there was only a mild breeze. At midnight the fireworks began going off and then a man-of-war style boat started sailing from the east towards the Harbour Bridge, firing off red fireworks such that the water and air around it turned to an orange/red. An amplified male voice then boomed over the harbour: “Cry havoc and slip the dogs of war! ” It was very 'arty\ and I presume the organizers were enacting a mock war scene (which was very unusual as this was family entertainment). The action gradually changed to white fireworks replacing the red, and then a white neon dove was illuminated on the Harbour Bridge. It faded to black and then the word PEACE appeared below (in Roman-Latin style capital letters). I can assure you that after reading your reference to the dogs of war earlier in the day, I was on a spiritual alert. Sydney is on the 33rd parallel south; dominating archetypes are Nimrod (Freemasonry) and Bacchus (alcohol - our first currency was rum). No doubt you recall the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in 2000. Given that Sydney is the main time zone of the New Year (after New Zealand), have we possibly witnessed the direction of 2003 conveyed by the Satanic imps who rule this world?”
Without a doubt, a. war of mammoth proportions is looming on the horizon, and the description of what happened in Sydney Harbour on New Year’s Eve is indeed ominous.
Have the Illuminati, and their allies in Zionism and Communism, chosen the year 2003 to be the year this war begins? It could very well be, unless God intervenes.
President Bush has barely been able to conceal his lust for war, and recently on the front page of the “New York Daily News” there was a picture of Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, sometimes referred to as Reich Marshall Rumsfeld, as he held up the index finger of both hands while he assured the American people that we could fight North Korea and Iraq simultaneously if necessary. Now it is being proven on the battlefield, that little Iraq is not the ‘pushover’ many of our people thought she would be.
Down through history, God has humbled many mighty nations who have become ‘too big for their britches' and forgot Him.
I personally believe there are two prophetic events, which must take place before Jesus returns - the Gog-Magog invasion of Ezekiel 38 & 39 against Israel, not the Israelis, as most prophetic preachers teach. The land description for this battle in chapter 38, does not fit Old Palestine, but is a perfect 'wordpicture' of North America.
There are many portions of Scripture that describe those terrifying days. Nahum 3:1-6 describes this time:
;o
2ioni6t Control
"Woe to the bloody city! It is full of lies, and robbery; the prey departeth not; the noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of wheels, and the prancing of horses, and of the jumping chariots. The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword and the glittering spear: and there is a multitude of slain, and a great number of carcases; and there is none end to their corpses; they stumble upon their corpses: because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the well favored harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts. that selleth nations that through her whoredoms, and families through witchcrafts. Behold, 1 am against thee saith the LORD of hosts; and I will discover thy skirts upon thy face and will show the nations thy nakedness, and the kingdoms of thy shame. And I will cast abominable f ilth upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock. ”
Romans 13:11 & 12 — “And that, knowing the time, that it is high time to waken out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer then when we believed. The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light. ”
These two quoted verses, plus many more, show us signs we should watch for, that are now coming to pass before our very eyes on a daily basis.
The Nahum passage foretells a great war fueled and fired by the occult powers of witchcraft. They tell how families and nations are sold by the powers of witchcraft, which is the driving force that currently is controlling all nations of the world, under the* driving force of International Zionism, as they drive towards their One World Government.
The force of the occult which effects all nations, is merging them politically, economically and spiritually, into one government, presided over by Satan himself, in the form of a man.
They are reshaping the present international order to bring forth this ‘New World Order ’ and we are, living in a time when we see this taking place. It will bring the world to the point where the Antichrist, as an emissary of Satan, will return to the scene of the original crime, which began Adam/man’s trouble. According to 1 John 3:4, “Sin is transgression of the Law ” This shoots down the modernist teaching that “Jesus did away with the Law, when He died on Calvary.”
There is doubtless an agenda on the calendar of the Illuminist/Zionists, who now control Washington, DC that World War III must begin in the Middle East and Iraq may well be the first stage in this war. It will bring peace after a terrifying war that will weaken the nations. Zionism says, “We will be ready with our Peace Commission to step in and stop the war. The nations will be so exhausted they will be willing to do anything to have peace, even to giving up their freedom. Then with our man in charge, we will
begin the Ten Thousand Year reign of PAX JUDICA, where every Jew will have 2,000 goyim (you and I) slaves.”
The Israeli State is bracing for this war, although I would not be at all surprised if she sat back and let the nations of the world, including ours, destroy themselves.
It is interesting to note use of the occult that goes into their planning.
In 1991, during the Desert Storm, exactly 39 SCUD missiles hit the Israeli. The number ‘39’ is sacred to the occult since it is made up of three thirteen’s. The Israeli Defense plan now in operation has been named ‘OPERATION RED HAIL 9 (New York Times, December 22,2002).
When Bible students think of ‘red hail', they are apt to think of hail mixed with fire as mentioned in the Bible.
There is something different and strange about this war, and many Christians show anxiety over it, while still supporting those who caused the problem.
On some military bases strange illnesses have broken out. At the Marine Corps Recruiting Depot in San Diego, 100 Marines became ill and one died from flesh-eating bacteria, which required the other 6,000 Marines to receive antibiotics. Why does the media keep these things from public attention? (Newsday, December 17, 2002, Reuters News Services, San Diego, CA)
Many strange and clandestine things are going on, as occultist and satanic forces are unleashed on this world.
“The New York Times”, December 2, 2002, reported that the White House has been turned into a ‘Power Centerand there is general concern because President Bush “commands an unusual level of authority. ”
Here we have a man who insists that the flower of American youth go to war not to protect the country, but for the protection of the antichrist Israeli, who have stabbed us in the back, over and over again.
He does this, when (shades of Bill Clinton) he had a deplorable military record. With the help of his rich daddy, and a wealthy Houston Congressman, George the ‘rich kid' was able to finish the Vietnam War without seeing combat duty. This is the man who has been *chomping at the bitto get our military into a war with Iraq.
12
2ioni$t Control
Bust an Jtt6-tfme man ofMigion!
President Bush’s, 'Skull and Bonesman' of Masonry, and a man of war, has won the hearts of much of the religious right by giving them money and publicly proclaiming himself a ‘born again Christian* (Those with knowledge of the oaths a man must take to become a high ranking Mason, know it is impossible for them to be Christian, for their Masonic oaths pledge loyalty to the Lodge above all else, and Jesus said, “A man cannot have two masters *').
Mister Bush has sufficiently fooled the religious right and by offering them tax incentives has won them over to approval of his war efforts. Sadly, many religious leaders gravitate towards money like hogs around a feed trough. In Isaiah 56:11, the prophet describes Israel s religious leaders as:	.	.	greedy	dogs	which	can	never have
enough . . . they look to their own way, everyone to his gain . . .** The 'faith-based initiative ’ has been stalled in Congress, so the President has by passed Congress through the use of Executive Orders to get money to the religious.
He has even established a Faith based* office in every cabinet department. You will never hear television evangelists like Van Impe or Falwell; criticize the President’s war efforts in any way (See “U.S. News and World Report”, December 16 2002 naee 4) 9 ’ ™
By a like token he has the heart of the Judeo-Christian and Fundamentalist church world in his pocket, because of his subservience to the Israeli.
Those of you, who believe in a Satan, must remember that Satan is very religious. He quoted scripture to our Lord during His wilderness temptation in Luke the fourth chapter. He is so religious that he wanted to be like God (Isaiah 14).
Shortly after the 9-11 attacks. President Bush stated that Islam is a religion of peace and that the word Islam, means peace. He should have done his homework and learned that the word Islam, in Arabic means 'submission *. The word Muslim means “one who has submitted”.
On September 17,2001, President Bush removed his shoes and entered a Mosque in Washington DC where he gave a speech in which he said, “We think of Islam as a faith that has brought comfort to over a billion people around the world.”
President Bush is so religious that for the past two years he celebrated the Jewish Hanukkah at the White House. Then there was an incident in Japan on February 17,2001 where the President entered an ornate Shinto Temple erected to house the spirits of the late Emperor Meiji. You should know that the Prime Minister of Japan waited outside.
Zionist Controf
because it is forbidden by Japanese law to enter such a temple because it was considered to be Emperor worship that led to World War II.
Thus we see that our so-called Christian President clapped his hands once to awaken the demon and bowed in apparent worship before signing the book of worship. Kiyomasa Akaski of the *Logos Ministry9 in Tokyo said, “It was an act of idolatry. Even worse it was an official, public worship.”
Is Bush’s strange conduct as a professing Christian, another sign of the rapid changes taking place in this world?
As we look at the world picture, we see 'spiritual hot spots ’ around the world. The leadership of the Communist giant. Red China, recently changed hands, and at the opening ceremonies there was a huge red banner with a large hammer and sickle in the background. The caption under this banner said, “The East is Red!”
Yet with all the menace Communism has been and still is, we have battleships in the China Sea, flying the American and Chinese flags. I realize that many of our people will disbelieve this! The information came from a mainstream Australian newspaper. A U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officer, who took offense at this information, wrote back later to say, “I must apologize and eat crow at the same time. It took some doing, but I found photographic evidence of what you said. I have never seen anything like it and I am ashamed.”
It appears that the entire world is trying to unite, and that unification will come about in a universal cry for peace and unity, no matter what the cost. In Russia, Mr. Putin has revived the Red Star as the official emblem. It is a new kind of Communism. The United States of Europe will have 25 nation-states at that time. It is well know that this union is pushing for England to join.
This is of importance for witches throughout the world who consider England to be the ‘Holy Land ’ of witchcraft, where the 'oak god' is worshipped at such places as Stonehenge and under the sacred oaks of England. It is noteworthy to see that changes in the European Union, always seem to fall on May 1st, which is the highest sabbat in the calendar of Druid witchcraft, and the birthday of Communism.
In addition, the European Union has been given it’s own army and now commands a force of 60,000 to enforce NATO directives (“The Air Force Times”, January 6, 2003). Let it be noted here, that the rapid changes made here to facilitate this change into one world government and religion, are all being pushed in the secret chambers of the Grand Orient Lodge of Masonry, which means under Zionist control. It is in the upper levels of Freemasonry that this satanjc work is being done. There is a secret *Order of the Rose', which is an offshoot of the Masonic Order of Rose Croix \
14
ionist Control
There is a Latin phrase, “sub rosa ”, which means: “under the rose”. It refers to ‘secret, not for publication*. It should be remembered that Dr. Adam Weishaupt, the Jesuit trained son of a Jewish Rabbi, chose this as his secret password, when he founded the Illuminati in 1776.
As we watch the realignment of the world through imminent war and the uniting in Europe, we are reminded of Revelation 13:17 - where no man may buy or sell, unless he has the mark of the Beast, or his name, or his number.
To a student of modem history, it becomes evident that astrology and numerology are constantly being used in the United States government, and in governments worldwide. I know of no nation today that is not under Zionist control.
Wfrat lias fiaj>j)eneti to Our Once Christian lejmfiftc?
We know the economy of this country is in a mess. Those of us who have the spiritual eyes to see, and ears to hear, know that our sins have surpassed those of Sodom and Gomorrah and brought the curse of God on this country. We have gone too far to be turned back by the pitiful efforts of our Zionist controlled government and only God’s intervention can save us now. This intervention will not come, until we leam to obey God and do things His way. Look to 2 Chronicles 7:14, for the answer to our problems.
The signs of the coming of our Savior, Jesus Christ are everywhere. The ‘widdershins’, who are part of witchcraft, say they have a message from extraterrestrials, “Let us create man in our image”, and that is why they are making such strong efforts to clone human beings {“The New York Post” December 29,2002).
We know that the Almighty is still on the throne and still in control of all things, yet man in his efforts to capitulate with God’s enemies, is destroying himself and his world.
Yet the Eternal One is allowing everything to run its course, so that prophecy might be fill ft lied. He is empowering His Elect, to do exploits in His name.
While earthquakes continue to shake the earth, and weather records are being broken everywhere, the day of Final Judgment grows closer and closer and we see God working through His people.
I will leave brother Meyer here, thanking him for his help.
I will go on to give you some concrete examples of how Zionism has taken control of a majority of the so-called Christian churches.
15
Zionist Control
from the Horse’s JHouth
The following statement, made by Rabbi Rabinovich, to a large Jewish gathering. His speech is taken almost point-by-point from the “Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion", which Jewish authorities and those of Judeo-Christianity call a forgery:
“Within five years our program will achieve it’s objective, and the Third World War which will surpass in destruction all previous contests.
Israeli, of course will remain neutral, and when both sides are devastated and exhausted, we will arbitrate, sending our Control Commission into all wrecked countries. This war will end for all time, our struggle against the Gentiles (Goyim non-Jew animals, you and I).
“We will openly reveal our identity with the races of Asia and Africa. I can state with assurance that the last generation of White children is now being bom. White women must cohabit with members of the dark races, and White men with black women. Thus the White race shall disappear, for the mixing of dark with White means the end of the White man, and our most dangerous enemy will become only a memory.
We shall embark on an era of ten thousand years of peace and plenty, the PAX JUDICA, and our race will rule undisputed over the world. Our superior intelligence will easily enable us to retain mastery over a world of dark peoples.”
QUESTION FROM THE AUDIENCE:
“Rabbi what about the various religions after World War III?”
RABONVICH:
“There will be no more religions. Not only would a priest class remain a constant danger to our rule, but belief in an after-life would give spiritual strength to irreconcilable elements in many countries and would enable them, to resist us. We will, however, retain rituals and customs of Judaism as the mark of our hereditary ruling caste, strengthening our racial laws, so that no Jews will be allowed to marry outside of his race, nor will any stranger be accepted by us. (NOTE: Protocol No. 17, paragraph 2 states: ‘Now that freedom of conscience has been declared everywhere [as a result of Jewish efforts], only years divided us from the moment of the complete wrecking of that hated Christian religion.”) As to other religions, we shall give less difficulty with them.
“We may have to repeat the grim days of World War II, when we were forced to let the Hitlerite bandits sacrifice some, of our people, in order that we may have documentation and witnesses to legally justify our
16
iouist Control
trial and execution of the leaders of America and Russia as war criminals, after we have dictated the peace. I am sure we will need little preparation for such a duty, for sacrifice has always been the watchword of our people, and the death of a few thousand lesser Jews is indeed a small price to pay. To convince you of the certainty of that leadership, let me point out to you how we have turned all the inventions of the White man into weapons against him. His printing press and radios are the mouthpieces of our desires, and his heavy industry manufactures the instruments, which he sends to arm Asia and Africa against him.
“Our interests in Washington are greatly extending the Point Four Program for developing industry for backward areas of the world so that after the industrial plants and cities of Europe and America are destroyed by atomic warfare, the Whites can offer no resistance against the large mass of the dark races, who will maintain an unchallenged technological superiority. And so, with the vision of world victory before you, go back to your countries and intensify your good work, until that approaching day when the Israeli will reveal herself in all her glorious destiny, as the Light of the World.” (UNQ.)
(Note that every point Rabinovich makes is in the PROTOCOLS.)
Wfro Will ^011 Relieve?
1934 & 1945 WORLD ALMANAC and BOOK OF FACTS
Jewish Population, Worldwide, by Religious Beliefs:
By the American Jewish Committee and the Jewish Statistical Bureau of the Synagogue Council of America. H. S. Linfield, Director.
1934 Almanac: When Hitler took power 15,630,000
1945 Almanac: When Hitler left power 15.688.259
58,259 Increase not 6 million!
lr
ionist
Jewish Population in Germany and United States:
Germany
United States
1934 Almanac: 564,379	4,229,401
1945 Almanac: 240.000	4.770.647
324,379 Decrease
541,647 Increase
Jewish Church Membership, in the United States: By Bureau of the Census.
1934 Almanac: 4,081,242 1945 Almanac: 4.770.647
689,405 Increase
Jewish Population worldwide:
	1938	1945
Europe: Africa:	9,282,079 542,609	8,939,608 = 342,471 Decrease 598,339 = 55,730 Increase
Asia:	572,055	839,809 = 267,754 Increase
Australasia:	24,783	27,016 = 2,233 Increase
Americas:	4,623,115	5,283,487 = 660,372 Increase
'Cfte ■ Peril 1 Wdat Part Does Ie6 China Pfau?
We have covered Zionist occupation of the Free World, but another peril faces the so-called Free World.
While President Bush and this country’s military are supposedly fighting a war against terrorism in the Middle East, and we have been using up military equipment and ammunition at an alarming rate, against two little countries, the ‘bugaboo \ of the Yellow Peril, has once again raised it’s ugly dragon head in the Far East.
I have before me a letter sent out to alert Americans, of a Red Chinese invasion of American soil, without a shot being fired. It pinpoints the fact that for several years. Red China has been stealthily strengthening their military presence in North America. Many of you know that they have for all intents and purposes taken over our Panama Canal, which is a vital defense area in case of war in the Far East. Many of you know that they have taken over our Island Paradise of Hawaii and run it’s political machine. A few of
18
ionist Control
you know of Chinese troops in large numbers, with their heavy military equipment in Mexico and the Northwestern Canadian border.
Few Americans know that they are building military enclaves along our western seacoast, and have a large leased installation on Pier ‘J’ in Long Beach Harbor, California.
Every morning President Bush meets with National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice. It’s at these meetings the President makes decisions regarding our National Security.
A national drive is now underway to put Pier ‘J’ on her agenda.
We know that Red Chinese strongman Wei Jiafu has been expanding his secret operations at Pier ‘J’ on American soil:
He has doubled his capacity in Long Beach Harbor by moving into at least nine new berths at Pier ‘J’.
He now has over 500 ships at his command that provide a cover for Red Chinese spying operations and smuggling worldwide.
He operates a fleet equipped with electronic intelligence gathering devices.
His COSCO Shipping Company has been caught by U.S. Customs, attempting to smuggle AK-47 assault rifles to Chinese who operate street gangs in Los Angeles. To date, under pressure from the White House, they have gone unpunished.
It’s dangerous to turn your back on the Communists, because as soon as your back is turned, they will stab you in the back.
A few years ago, USIC worked with our few friends in Congress to stop the surrender of Long Beach Naval Station to Wei Jiafu’s COSCO Shipping Company. Now in a back room deal that defies Congress and ignores the will of the American people, Wei Jiafu has seized control of Pier ‘J’ in Long Beach Harbor, an is now moving other shipping companies, realigning roads, and dredging new berths for his fleet.
They have surrounded the area with razor barbed wire, and have uniformed guards ready to stop any American who gets too close.
Have you ever wondered how the battle of Gog-Magog starts in Ezekiel 38 & 39? Think about the situation as it is now developing in the Middle East. I know that most prophetic preachers will tell you that this attack will come against the Israeli in old
19
ioni&t Controf
Palestine. 1 do not agree, as the description of this battle area, could not possibly fit Palestine, while giving a ‘wore/picture ’ of North America.
Note specifically Ezekiel 38:8 - God is speaking to the Gog-Magog Confederation that will be made up of Persia, Ethiopia, Libya, Gomer and all his bands, and the house of Togarmah of the north quarters. Most Bible scholars believe this has reference to Russia.
“After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shall come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains (nations) of Israel, which has been always was7e:(North America was waste before our ancestors settled here. There were only a few tribes of wandering Indians who probably numbered less than a million.) NOTE: but is brought forth out of the (Israelite) nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them. ”
Certainly this does not describe the Israeli mini-state in Palestine.
Continue in verses 11 & 12:
“And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled villages;
I will go up to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars or gates (Surely you can see that this does not describe the Israeli), to take spoil, and to take a prey; and turn thine hands upon the desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the people that are gathered out of the (Israelite) nations, which have gotten cattle and goods, that dwell in the midst of the land. ”
How much spoil of cattle would an invading army get if the Israelis were their target? From recent Israeli agriculture reports there are less cattle in this tiny country than you can find in most counties in the United States. So following the rules of intelligence, if you are an honest Bible student, you must conclude that the Gog-Magog attack will be against the Israelite nations, living in their new land, in relative safety.
You might raise the question, “What part will Communist China play in this? So in conclusion, let’s take a short, quick look at the part played by the Red giant.
iouist Control
2s ItRere a le6 Peril?
TOat Part Will Communist China Play in Pn6 tOme fvents?
Some of the information I give to you will be indeed shocking, for very few Americans, including Christians, have been let in on what has developed in mainland China. As a result little is known about this huge country, other than the fact that most of the items you buy in clothing stores or from huge combines like K-Mart, have the label, ‘Made in China’. This means they are made by slave labor at vastly reduced prices, which the free countries cannot compete with.
Ever since the Zionist element has taken control of Washington, we find nations like Red China, who have been given 'most favored nation status \ and the Free world cannot compete with them.
So strong is this urge to make money at any cost, that many American companies have sold out our people, by moving their factories to places like Mexico, and Central America. Thus overloading our economy, not only with unemployed Americans, but also with millions of immigrants, many of them illegals, who can milk many kinds of help from a stupefied Uncle Sugar.
The information I am about to give you comes from a Talk Show hosted by E. Thomson. A correspondent asked:
“What are Beijing’s goals and what will Beijing go to war for?”
The great Chinese General of another age. Sun Tzu, and Clausewitz another expert on warfare, would answer without hesitation:
“A nation is always at war, and will use every means available to further its national interests. It is superficial to define wars in terms of shooting. Sun Tzu advises that the superior leader wages war by such means as to stage the shooting part as the victory fanfare, signaling defeat of the enemy. This Chinese military strategist said the object is to defeat the enemy before he commits his forces to battle.”
United States objectives are most complex, since we are no longer a free state, but a Zionist/dazed, Zionist/controlled Babel State. This is why our government behaves like 'mad bandits'■ on the stage of history. Sun Tzu observes that ‘mad bandits’ are doomed to defeat, by their own crazed desperation, so their future must be bleak and brief.
21
2ioni8t Control
China and its people know who they are, so they have simple goals: to populate the earth with people who look like them, behave like them, and think like them (All sane living organisms pursue this simple logic). This means they will replace their competitors from their chosen living space, by killing them, absorbing them and/or by driving them out.
The Chinese have three weapons, which the mad bandits of ZOGUSA (Zionist Occupied U.S.A.) can only envy:
1. )	Identity that gives them steadfastness of purpose. (Our
one time Christian Republic had this goal, but it was choked by Zionist pressure so that now if a White man or woman speaks about their Israel heritage, they are labeled as ‘racist’, or ‘hate mongers’, by the ZOG controlled press.)
2. )	This plus another blessing handed to us by the
antichrist’s, the open door immigration policy we have followed under Democratic ZOG control, has flooded us with aliens, whose objectives in life are often contrary to those pursued by a Christian nation. An overwhelming number of Chinese in Mainland China, maintains their identity while in the U.S. under liberal pressure, we are gradually becoming a non-white country. (Already in the West and Southwest, many areas have been taken over by foreign, alien elements).
3. )	Beijing’s goals will remain steady and consistent as
along as Beijing remains Chinese. In contrast, ZOGLANDUSA has become a demographic kaleidoscope of growing darkness, amid flashes of chaos. This is what happens when a nation sells its birthright, like Esau, for a ‘bowl of red beans and rice
With the willing help of ZOGLANDUSA China is getting everything it wants to increase its domain over the globe. Food, credit, technology, markets and new lands to colonize. The West Coast of the United States has become, a huge Chinese enclave, with a rapidly growing population. The State of Hawaii is already Chinese owned, and the State of Washington, has its Chinese Governor, emblematic of Chinese economic and political clout.
iouist Control
In obedience to Sun Tzu’s advice, Chinese are invading North American schools and colleges, one wise observer said, “The Japanese are the White men of Asia, while the Chinese are the Jews of Asia.”
If we examine Chinese invasion tactics we see the same insidious methods being used on a massive scale: not only do the Chinese in America have the candidates, they also have the political clout to put them in office. Not only are the Chinese keen on physical and technical sciences, but also they appear to be filling lots of slots as pilot-trainees.
The Chinese are different than the usual Judeo-American denizens, because they have their own skilled labor, their own capitalists and their coolies to do the dirty work, and their own market. A Chinese rock group performed to a crowd of over 300,000 in British Columbia, and many towns in western BC you must be able to speak Mandarin and Cantonese in order to do business.
Some of these cities look like Hong Kong, with no signs in English. One man remarked after a visit, “the only White person we saw was a cleaning woman.”
Beijing already deems North America to be within its sphere of influence, similar to India under the British East Indian Company. China would not like to see interference with its North American raw materials and food, nor resistance against its colonial occupation of the Continent.
When the Brits were in China, they wanted good railroads to increase their control and access to Chinese markets. It appears that this is what the Chinese have in mind for North America.
With the present trend in our government in Washington, DC it appears likely that China will not need military means to conquer America. Under President Clinton, we lay the groundwork for our present apathetic government. As a ‘bandit nation \ we have been quick to jump into wars with countries smaller than many of our states, but have never had the courage, to challenge world powers when they became a menace.
In ZOGLANDUSA Chinese banks loom large from coast to coast. Chinese goods are everywhere, as well as Chinese people. They are infiltrating communications, schools, and the military. It is conceivable that in the next ten years, many of the Air Force ‘top guns \ will have slanted eyes, along with scientists, doctors, and gangsters.
North America’s Eurasian population is merely preparation for events to come, and the Chinese are winning this war, while Whitey sleeps on.
It is a mess, especially if you love America and want to see only the best for her.
iontst Control
■
1$ TEere an Answer B 0ur FroBfems?
Assuredly, for God never leaves His people without a way of escape, if they are willing to do things His way.
Many of you may be disturbed by this negative report. Especially if you attend a church where only the 4pabulum gospel' is preached. Christianity is an active process that causes men and women to oppose sin. I do not believe you can please God by hiding in a spiritual foxhole, while the battle against sin is going on outside. God does not intent for His people to be frightened every time the enemy snarls at them. In 2 Timothy 1:7 He tells us:
44For God hath not given us the spirit of fear: but ofpower, and of
love, and of a sound mind. ”
There is nothing wrong with fear, if you do not allow it to control you. It is only when you give into fear that it causes problems. While most Christians do not like negative news, since it causes fear, they say, it is important that our people know the worst and prepare for it.
A Christian who is afraid to face the truth becomes a danger to himself and everyone around him.
A teenager who drives a high powered car at ninety miles an hour, as he plays 1chicken' with his life and that of others, may be brave, but his bravery becomes a danger not a blessing. A Christian who plays 4chicken' while hiding in his spiritual foxhole while the battle rages outside, is a danger to everyone connected with him. His Lord’s orders are to "Go forward! Occupy until I come! ”
Overwhelming odds mean nothing to the dedicated Christian for one on God’s side, has the enemy outnumbered. God’s Word has much to say about fear. The reason so many Christians are afraid in these chaotic days, is that they want to 4do things their way, instead of obeying the Kingand disobedience always leads to fear, which leads to disaster. I’m convinced that the reason so many Judeo-Christians and Fundamentalist Christians refuse to accept the Kingdom Identity message, which makes up 75% of our Bible, is that they are afraid.
We are much like our Israel ancestors who had just escaped from Egyptian bondage. We face the Red Sea on one side, and the host of pursing Egyptians on the other, and we are afraid. We become more fearful when we pray and our prayers are not answered, and God’s Word gives us the answer. We leam that God has not lost His power, or His sense of hearing.
24
ioniet Control
Isaiah 59:1 & 2 - “Behold, the LORD'S hand is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear: But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear. ”
National Days of Prayer will mean nothing, until our people are willing to get their hearts right with God.
You wonder why Christians like this go off on a tangent when the stock market drops 500 points? You wonder why the suicide rates soar, when “men's hearts fail them for fear”, as they see what is happening on the earth (Luke 21:26). You may wonder why so many Christians seem to pay no attention to verse 28 of the same chapter.
“And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up you heads; for your redemption draweth nigh. ”
So why should we be afraid, when we are on the winning side?
A few years ago, General Albion Knight, (Retired) from the American Security Council, was lecturing on the dangers we faced from Godless Communism. After he finished, an old North Carolina farmer in overalls came up and said, “General I ain’t all that afraid of Communism. I am afraid that the Lord will return and say: ‘Ladies and gentlemen, you have failed, it’s time for me to close up the store.’”
That old fellow had learned the answer to the majority of our problems, and that it is Christian apathy for the truth. The reason the U.S.A. is under ZOG control today, is because many Christians have given up without a fight.
Wishing you God’s best for the stormy weather ahead, and Victory in His name!
klan watch
Jack Mohr