Crusade for Christ
COL. GORDON "Jack" MOHR, AUS RET.
Author — Lecturer 800 Napa Valley Rd., #197 Little Rock, AR 72211
FIFTEEN YEARS ON THE FRONT LINES!
This summer, I am celebrating my 15th year in the Kingdom Identity Movement. It has been a time of wonderful fellowship and enlightenment, with some of the finest people in the world.
I would never go back to the "weak and beggardly elements" of Judeo-Christianity, for anything anyone could offer!
During these years I have learned that I am not to be a PERSUADER. That is the task of the Holy Spirit. For some reason, which I cannot fathom, Almighty God has chosen an "old reprobate rebel" like me, and made me a WATCHMAN on the walls of modern Israel America. It has not always been a pleasant task, for the vast majority of our people do not want to hear the unpleasant truth. But I also learned, that once I had given them this truth» it immediately became a personal matter between God and them, and He will hold them accountable for the truth they have heard! (Ref. Ezekiel 3 and 33).
I have never pretended to be a prophet and do not believe that God ever called me to that exhalted position. The genuineness of	a prophet	can be seen	in Deut. 13:1-5, which	clearly states
that if	any man professes	to	be a prophet, but prophesies
contrary	to God's Word, we	are	not to listen	to him, even if
his	prophesy	comes true.	In other words, GOD’S	WORD MUST have
priority	over anything said	by	man. Nothing	MUST be allowed
to take	the place of His Word.	Not PROPHESY!	Not EMOTION! not
oujtward	signs, as seen in	the	case of men	like Benny Hinn
or the Toronto "laughing" phenemenon!
Under the old Mosaic law, a prophet who tried to lead Israel astray, was put to death! This penalty has not changed with the years. It is still God’s judgment against false prophets.
Today, in our enlightened (?) society, the false prophet is apt to be praised, especially if he predicts good things which tickle men’s ears and make them feel good.
In Deut. 18:20, we are told:	"If a prophet which shall presume
to	speak in	My (God’s)	name, which I have not	commanded him
to	speak, or	that shall	speak in the name of other gods, even
that prophet shall die!" Vs 22:	”When a prophet speaketh in
the name of the Lord, if the thing follow not nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously". (Heb. " zadow", meaning:	"with
pride, or arrogance") Thou shalt not be afraid of him". (In other words, "don’t listen to him").
Where does this leave such men, as the Baptist preacher who a few years ago predicted that Christ would return and Rapture the church in 1988. He sold millions of his books to foolish Christians who were taken in by his arguments. When Christ
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR
2

did not return, he made eacuses about making Sq^ miscalculations I and sold more books to the same dim wits1,6 He did not make mistakes, he was a ”false prophet ! "
Today 9 we are living in the age Jesus predicted in Luke 21 :8 I |Take heed that ye be not deceived:	for many shall come in
My name 9 saying, I am Christ:	and the time draweth near; go
ye not after	them”. Then in Matt. 24:24	-	"For	there shall
arise false ChristS9 and FALSE PROPHETSt and shall show great signs and wonders (listen to Benny Hinn on TV sometime if you don't believe	this), insomuch9	thatt	if it	were possible (maybe
it will be and maybe it won't)9 they would deceive the very elect ”.
Today we see false prophets on every hand 9 as they parade themselves on	the TV extravaganzes,	deceiving millions of so-
called Christians, who consider themselves to be the Elect.
Will these be the one's Christ mentioned in Matt. 7:21-23 when He said:	"Not	everyone that saith	unto	me 9 Lord!	Lord! shall
enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will (obeys the Laws) of my Father which is in heaven. Many shall say to me in	that day, Lord,	Lord,	have	we not PROPHESIED in
Thy name? and in Thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, 'I	never	knew	you! Depart from me,
ye workers of iniquity'”. (You who refused to obey Me and continue ”doing your own thing”).
So with this as an introduction, and remembering that I am not a prophet, nor	ever pretended to be	one,	let ' s look	back fifteen
years and see	what I have written	and	spoken of,	(not what I
predicted, but what God's Word said!).
In 1965, long before I learned the Israel Identity truth, I was warning America about the things I had seen when I was a prisoner of the Communists in Korea, in 1948, fifteen months before the war began. During those terrible days, when I though I was going to die, I promised God that if He brought me out of that ordeal, and back to the people and country I loved, I would do everything within my power to see that what happened in Korea would never come to our shores. This has been my ”driving force” ever since. I began this mission, a year after I retired from the Army in 1965 , For several years, I was on the American Opinion Speaker's Bureau of the John Birch Society, and as a Baptist lay evangelist, spoke in over 3,000 communities nation-wide, in every state but Maine.
Since 1965, I have seen vicious crimes and murders occur in the streets of America, which make Korea pale by comparison.
I have seen nations in Africa, which were supposedly (Christianized by missionary activity, (so Benny Hinn claimed),
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 3
as they chopped themselves up with their pangas,
Today America is ripe for the same violence we have seen in Bosnia and Rwanda, This is not a prediction, but common sense fact, not a possibility, but a probability, because White Christian Americans have refused to obey God's Law!
Today, with vicious crimes accelerating at an unbelievable rate, America, the "land of the free", has the largest gulag population in the world, We are seeing Jesus' predictions of Luke 21:28 come true , when He said that "Men's hearts would fail them through fear, as they saw the things coming on the earth". That time is already here, with suicide caused by fear, one of our nation's top killers.
Today i the danger of a racial war that would make Korea look like a Sunday School picnic by comparison looms larger and larger, as the minorities are being groomed deliberately $ by our mutual enemies , for this move which will sweep them into power,
I said then, 1965, and I say now:	"I get furious when I see
the deliberate way this Ration is going down the road to chaos and destruction, at the direction of unscrupulous leaders, who use atrocities and terror as a means of bringing about their control, Now we have reached the point where terrorists, either government or otherwise, are out of control and are willing to murder thousands to get their way. But is this so strange, when we see what Jewish led Communism did in Russia? We are fed a constant diet of Holocaust stories, why does the media never mention the over 100-million murdered by Jewish Communism?
No matter what government investigators tell you about the Oklahoma City bombing , I can assure you that it was not done by an ammnonia nitrate (fertilizer) bomb. As a trained demolition man from WW II, I KNOW this to be impossible. Fertilizer was used in OC all right, but it was not in the bomb, but in the media reporting, and the present government investigation which is for the purpose of covering up the truth!
When I carried my message of physical and spiritual warning to the church folks, I was often met by people like one dear old sister who said to me: "I believe what you said! But I m born again, you know, I don't have to worry about things like that, for Jesus will come back and Rapture me out of this mefs before it gets all that bad!"	Talk about being wrapped up
in a "sheet of self-righteousness", that old girl was wrapped in a "shroud".
Yet here is a good example of a professing Christian
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 4
UJ 0] I
X, -c , •u r ^ c .
CtJ o = c*j e
t-i
H o
^ Cxh
who believes she does not need to become involved, because Jesus is going to handle the dirty work He gave her to do. How very
sad!
Today, in the face of unparalled calamity and disaster, the Christian church for the most part has retreated into their comfortable, air-conditioned spiritual foxholes, while the battle for survival rages outside, hoping and praying that Jesus will come back and rescue them from the results of their Christian apathy. A little seriogy study of the scriptures will show you that no such Rapture is taught in the Bible. This Satanic inspired	doctrine, which was	never	taught	in the Christian
church before 1850, is today, neutralizing millions of Christian soldierst	from being "front	line heroes",	into	complacent
"foxhole"	dwellers who are worthless	in the	fight	for right,
in fact,	in many instances	they	hinder	the	forces of
righteousness.
As many of you know, I was a member of the John Birch Society in the 1970's, and was on their American Opinion Speaker's Bureau. I resigned in the fall of 1979, when the head of the Society, Robert Welch (deceased), and John McManus, now head the Society, refused to let me answer questions relating to Jews, Zionism, or Judaism. I felt that if I was not allowed to speak the whole truth, my presence was needed elsewhere.
In the spring of 1980, something happened which broke up the "hardened Baptist denominational cement", I had allowed to harden around my brain for sixty years. I like to call it the "dynamite of God", for it literally blew apart some cherished teachings which had been ingrained into my soul, and woke me up to the truth in God's Word. It took a traumatic incident to blow away this accumula&ted falsehood, where for the first time I could look at the Bible and see what it said, not what my pastor said«.
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 5
For months prior to this incident, common sense made me question the "blind allegiance" that the Judeo-Christian church paid to Judaism, Even the very name Judeo-Christian seemed a misnomer, when I saw how they were headed in different directions and realized that "never the twain shall meet!" Yet when I questioned church leaders concerning Christ*s remark in John 10:26, to the Jewish leaders:	"Ye	believe not, because ye are NOT OF MY
SHEEP, " (Emphasis added,) which seemed mighty plain to me, I was either told to "sit down and shut up: don't rock the boat!" or	was accused of	standing	on	the edge	of apostacy. When	I
asked how the Jews could be God's Chosen, when Jesus clearly said (Matt 23:15) that they turned their converts into "two-fold more a child of	hell than	themselves",	which didn't seem	an
attribute of God's Chosen, yet I was never given an answer, In fact, in the fifteen years I have been in the Kingdom Identity Movement, not one of the Baptist ministers who has criticized me and consigned me to hell, has ever had the courage to try and show me where I was wrong, which should speak for itself!
My	reasoning was,	"How could	a sincere	Christian support	an
anti-Christ people who were dedicated, according to their own ^public statements, to the destruction of everything we held mdear as Christians? It didn't make much sense! Even when Jerry W Falwell stated that God had	been good	to America	because we
had been kind to the Jews, I could see the hypocrisy of this statement, for the time of America's greatest debacle, morally, spiritually, economically, and militarily, has been since 1948, when we recognized that little "bastard mini-state in Palestine, called Israeli, " Then for the first time, I became aware of a verse I had never heard quoted in sixty years as a Baptist: " , • • Shouldest thou help the ungodly? and love them that hate the Lord?	therefore is wrath	upon thee	from before the Lord,
(2	Chron 19:2b),	Could it	be	possible,	do you suppose, that
God is punishing Israel America, for "giving aid and comfort to His enemies?"
That summer I began an in-depth study into why Judaism without fail was the strongest supporter of anti-Christ Communism, and why their	leaders indicated	a virulent	hatred of	Christ and
everything pertaining to Him, I used as my source of study, the Holy Bible, King James Version, and books from Jewish authors, including their holy book, the Babylonian Talmud, which their leaders claim is the "heart blood of Judaism today", and is a direct continuation of the Pharisseism that was Christ's major opponent when He walked the roads of Palestine, As I studied, I began to more fully understand the falsity of Jerry Falwell's statement when he told Menachem Begin, the terrorist leader of	the Israeli:	"The	fundamental	Christians	of America
will back you, no matter what you do, for we know you are God's Cttosen peopl£p!"
Falwell even went so far as to publicly proclaim that he Was nproud to be a Christian Jew!" (Reading Christ*s statement about them in John 8:44, I don * t believe I*d want this distinction!).
Like the majority of Baptists, including the pastors, I didn't know very much about Jews except what I read in the media or heard from the pulpit, or	what I read	in	my Scofield Bible
footnotes, which most Baptists take as almost on a par with Holy Writ. From my experience with them in the mi 1i tary, I had found them for the most part to be an arrogant, boastful, filthy mouthed people, who considered themselves far above others, and who would	take advantage of you at	the	"drop of	a hat .
In fact, I found that they gloried in making Christians look bad. I didn't know at that time, that they considered non- Jews, as ”goyim",	which is a	Yiddish term	of	contempt,	meaning
literally:	"non-Jew	animal", The orthodox Jew, literally spits
when he hears the name of Jesus mentioned!
It was not hard to find, from a study of Jewish authors, that Jewish Zionism (the political arm of Judaism) is the worst enemy of Christ and His church, and their leaders openly brag how it was Jewish	brains, and	Jewish moneys	that made the	Russian
Revolution a success, One of the largest Jewish newspapers in America, THE AMERICAN HEBREW had a front page article in a 1919 edition which stated; "What we did in Russia through Jewish brains and money power, we will accomplish in the United States",
While we are continually plied with media hype about the Jewish holocaust which was supposed to have taken place in WW II Germany, the same media (most of which is under rigid Jewish control)	says hardly a word	about	the much greater	holocausts
of Communism, in which over 140-million people were brutally murdered	by Jewish led Communism, Many millions of	these	were
Christians, Yet seldomn will you hear a Judeo-Christan pastor, with the courage to point this out!
Are our	preachers today so	naive	and uninformed,	that	they
believe the Jews of today are a relatively pure blooded people who can trace their ancestry back to Abraham? Even in Jesus time, by their own admission, (John 8:33), they admitted that their connection to Abraham was through Esau/Edom, whom God said He hated. (See Mai, 1:2-4), for the outcome!
The renowned Jewish writer and statesman, Alfred Lilienthal, in his book WHAT PRICE ISRAEL, on page 215 said:	"The Jews have
mingled most. Until the middle of the 5th Century B.C,, intermarriage was a normal phenemenon in Jewish life, and the ensuing	Judaist proselyting	over	the globe, brought	many
different peoples into Judaism of all races". He went on to say:	"Here is a paradox, a most ingenious paradox. In
anthropological fact, many Christians have more Hebrew-Israelite blood in their veins, than their Jewish neighbors".
I took these facts about Jews and Judaism to the pastor of the Fundamental Baptist church I attended. He and I had been very close friends. and I had helped him financially on a number of occassions. I asked him to sit down with met and let me show him what I had gleaned from several hundreds hours of intense study. But when he found that the facts I had uncovered condemned the Jewst he became furious and literally screamed at me:	"You can't show me anything in the Bible about the Jews.
I already know it!" There is no way you can reason with a man in that state of mind, and needless to say, I left his church. Within two weeks, he had spread lies and half-truths about me among the Baptist ministers in Mississippi* so that the doors of every fundament 1 ist church were slammed in my face. Men I had known and loved* and in whose church I had held successful revival meetings» would no longer speak to me» and would avoid me as though I had the plague. As I mentioned earlier* in the fifteen years I have been in the Kingdom Movemen t * not one of these brethren has attempted to show me where I was wrong.
One of the most prominent men in Moral Majority told me:	"I
can't understand	why. after all my	support	for	them» that the
Jews are my strongest opponents in this city". When I asked him why he didn't tell his people about this» he replied: "While there is nothing I can say to refute what you say* I can't go against the teachings of my church. Besides» I owe over $1.5-million on my church property and the Jewish bankers hold the notes for it. If I exposed them» I'd lose my church property". An old. old case of:	"For	fear of the Jews!"
(Scr iptural ly it goes back to at least 510 B.C. as recorded in Esther 8:17)..
After completing my study in early 1980» I sent a letter to 200 fundamental leaders» explaining what I had discovered. Within a months fourteen week long	revivals	scheduled for 1981
were cancelled.	Not because I had	changed	my	doctrine or my
preaching» but because I now refused to accept the Jews as God's chosen.
Typical of the response I received are the following two letters. Onfe came from Pensacola Christian College» Pensacola» Florida» and said:	"Recently I received information concerning your
position regarding the Jews (I had sent it to him). Unfortunately» this position is one we most def inately cannot support. Therefore we are going to have to ask you to cancel your fall meeting". Signed: A.A. BAKER. VICE-PRES.
Another was from Fairhaven Baptist College• Chesterton. Indiana: "I received your	letter regarding	the Jewish	Question. I am
going to have to ask you to cancel your meeting scheduled for November 15-20. Although I realize that you would do nothing to embarass the church or school. if you believe it as strongly

FIFTEEN YEARS J MOHR - 8	^
as it came over in your letter, you are going to preach *h you believe to be the truth regardless . Signed:	BILL BEHRENs,
VICE-PRES!
Notice something similar about these two letters . Nothing is said about the truth of my research. Their refusal is based solely on whether I am willing to accept God's worst enemies as His Chosen, or whether I accept His analysis of them, when He said: "Ye are not of my sheep", (John 10:26), Somehow the statement of the King means more to me than the beliefs of some "brainwashed" preacher, who in spite of all the evidence to the contrary, still is willing to accept a Jewish lie!
Because of my unbending stand, people who were once my friends now attack me and call me an "apostate". This is to be expected of one who follows the King without question. In Micah 7:6, we are told that "a man's enemies are those of his own house", and in Matt.	10:21,22, the Master prophesied that "brother would
deliver his brother to death, and a child their parents and ye shall be hated of all men for My name's sake". We have already seen this happen in Communist countries, and our children are being educated in our Public Schools to become spies against their own parents,
^ ® i eve flan j| ;■ hones £ question to ask would be this:	"How many
of you who are reading this message, have ever bothered to see what God's Word says about the Jews?" Or does your knowledge come, as mine did for many years, from what my pastor told me?
For the most part, American Christians are a lazy people. It is so much easier to go to your pastor when you find a difficult passage in the Word, and ask him what it means, rather than study on your own and find what the Word says. Most Christians do not realize that the answer they get from their pastor, will probably be what he received at the seminary:	not necessarily
what God's Word really says!
Can you explain to me, how a religion that is violent y anti-Christ can be the source of Christianity, as we are often told?
Of course you can't! Can you explian why the Apostle Paul warns Christians against Jewish trickery in Titus 1:10,11? Here he mentions:	"vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the
circumcision (Jews),..who subvert (brainwash/trick) whole houses, teaching what they ought not, for filthy lucre's (money's) sake).
The Apostle John clearly defines an "anti-Christ" in 1 John 1:22,23	- "Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the
7ather.,.he is anti-Christ". (There are no people anywhere in :he world who fit this definition as do the Jews).
''hen in 2 John 10,11 he tells Christians how they MUST react owards ALL anti-Christ's, (not just Jewish ones). If we give

FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 9
them "aid and comfort" in any way, we "become partaker in their evil deeds*. Think about that f Christian. Will you be willing to stand before God some day and answer for the 2-million unborn babies who are murdered every year in America* in mostly Jew run* Jew	owned abortion clinics? If you	support	them	in any
way$ the Word says you will be held responsible!
Or how about the millions of American youth» who are sent on the path	to hell through	prostitution *	pornography»	dope*
alcohol»	rock music* etc,,	all strongly	promoted	and	headed
up by Jews. (Rather than argue with me* check and see for yourselves!) God saya He will hold you accountable» if you help His enemies in any way!
Ask	yourself 9 who	is	it	that blasphemes God	on the	TV shows,
and	in the media?	Who	was	it that exhibited the image	of Christ
in a bottle of his own urine? who spreads lies about Christians who love their God» their people, their families and their country» strongly enough that they are willing to die for these Christian	ideals? For the	most part it comes	from	Jewish
sourceSf whether	you	are	willing to accept	it or not. Check
for	yourself and	see	who	owns and controls	most of	the media
which daily lies to the American people.
A number of years ago» Walter Cronki t e, the guru of the media, was asked on a TV show what he thought about truth in media reporting. His sarcastic answer was: "My task is not to tell the truth. I am an opinion molder".
Use your head and think for yourself for a change» without letting you pastor do it for you. You might come up with information that would save your life. I'm not saying that all pastors have been 1brainwashed" by the enemy» but in Jer. 23:22* we are told that if the pastors of the land would preach the "whole counsel of God's Wordt the people would turn from their wicked ways". This hasn't happened in America, which indicates that there is something terribly wrong with the preaching coming from our pulpits.
Taking a stand for God and righteousness will make you enemies on both the "right" and the "left". In the KINGDOM COURIER of Sept. 1988t you can read this statement about me: " yThey (Identity) claim the Jews are the children of the devil (Jn 8:44)t but they do not have the intellectual capacity to discern who Saul of Tarsus (the Apostle Paul) is. Then there are the likes of JACK MOHRf the Baptist reject» who authored THE HITLER CULT. In my understanding this 'phony' General is an 'establishment glitch' (a Yiddish term - I wonder?) designed to derail the Identity Movement! Beware! We have a wolf in sheep's clothing in our midst". Signed: DR. H. GARBER of the CHURCH OF Christ in Israel. (Those of you who know me well can chuckle over this diatribe!) (It appears that this diatribe
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 10
was written by Dr. Garber* because he was incensed with the truth I had written in THE HITLER CULT, concerning his hero Adolf. I received a number of "hate letters11 $ and even a few threats, from the Neo-Nazi element in the country).
Here is one letter I received in April 1986:	"I have your little
flyer THE HITLER CULT. You must get your information from either the ADL or the JDL.
"Let's look at Jack (me ) , 25 years in the service of ZOG (he says so in his book). (Is every service-man a Jew flunkie, just because our government sent us into several wars fought for International Jewish interests, with no good coming to America? Like millions of other good men I believed our leaders when they told udwe were fighting for the welfare of our people. Now I find o\it from this diatribe that I was serving ZOG). But back to the letter:	"Who's horn will he blow? It's not hard
to figure this out! (It's very possible this character never served in the Armed Forces of this country).
(Now here's something I never knew). "First you become a Christian, then after you study you become a Nazi. I have known many military officers and worked with them. You would think they would speak the truth, yet 90% of them are liars". (I sincerly doubt he would have said this to the face of any man who had fought in WW II or Korea). Signed by a GLEN NOWLIN.
In 1988, after I had spoken at the Aryan Nations Conference at Hayden Lake, Idaho, exhorting our people to accept the truth that OBEDIENCE TO GOD MUST COME BEFORE WE CAN HAVE VICTORY!
I received this gem:
"I understand	you	gave	a brilliant speech	at the	Conference.
So you still have credibility as a champion of our cause, on the one hand, while those who invited you to speak still offer the poison from the other side of your character, for a nominal fee. (I did not even receive travel expenses - JM).
"This makes as much sense as paying heed to the ADL's list of most dreaded enemies of the Jews, which is put forth to enhance the credibility of their agents". SIGNED:	DON ZINN, the Elijah
Foundation.
As if to back	him	up,	this is what the ADL says	about me in
their Special Civil Rights Edition, Oct, 1990, under the title COLONEL GORDON "JACK" MOHR, AN OFFICER AND A HATE MONGER!
"For mphny years he has been a strident promoter of anti-Semitism, anti-Zionism and White Supremacy". (Anyone who has ever heard me speak, or read any of my books knows this is a lie - JM).	"At	the Aryan World Congress,	Hayden	Lake, Idaho,
July 14,	1988,	he said:	'There's is a false	Israel	in the world
today... those who	say they	are Jews,	and	are not, but are of
the synagogue of Satan". (The ADL does not tell you that this saying was not original with me, but was spoken by the risen Christ, as recorded in Rev. 2:9; 3:9).
They quote me as saying in Feb. 1988: "Do you suppose God had a reason for banning inter-racial marriage." (They did not go on to state how I had proved this from the Bible).
Then they quote me truthfully, when they say that in my Christian Patriot Crusader, of Sept. 1989, I said: "There are probably no other people in the world today who would be successful in pulling off such a gigantic hoax as that of the Holocaust. They have milked the	Christian	world out	of hundreds of billions
of dollars over the years", (I didn't deny that Jews were killed in Nazi Germany, but that the six million mark was a gigantic fraud. Jewish census figures for the war years showed less than 4-million Jews living in Nazi occupied territory, and hundreds of thousands of these escaped, many to the U.S.).
In	the June issue of the	Crusader, they	accuse me of taking
the "conspiracy theory" to hysterical heights, by stating: "...Socialism is Jewish! National Socialism is Jewish! Communism is	Jewish! It is all part	and parcel of	the Zionist	plot to
control the world, which is clearly taught in their Talmud".
If this statement is not true, then why do Jewish authorities openly admit that this is their goal - world domination and the destruction of White, Christian civilization?
I even received	a threatning letter	from	some neo-Nazi group
in Georgia, who	threatned	to send a	"hit	squad" down to deal
with me as a race traitor! I'm not so sure it didn't come from Maurice Dee's group in Atlanta. It had all the ear marks of his way of doing business.
It	should be obvious to any	thinking man or	woman, that	whenever
an	anti-Christ issue raises	it's ugly head,	whether it	is Bible
reading and prayer in school; immoral textbooks; immoral sex education replete with handing out condums, almost 100% of the time, you will find Jewish pressure behind it!
The Jews do not want to destroy holidays such as Christmas and Easter, they make too much money off the "goyim". But they have done everything possible to take Christ out of these holidays. So Christ has been replaced for the most part by Santa and his elves in Christmas, while in Easter, He has been replaced by a bunny who lays colored eggs.
In the summer of 1984, after speaking at the Aryan Nation Congress at Hayden Lake, Idaho, I was scheduled for a three week lecture tour in	British Columbia. It began rather
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR
12
buspicious1yt as the Canadian Border Patrol confiscated over $5,000 worth of my tapes, pamphlets and books, under the accusation that they were "hate literature".
This lecture series, sponsored by the CANADIAN LEAGUE OF RIGHTS, was harassed at every stop by a combination of Jews from the Jewish Congress, and Communists. In several instances they had pressured motels to cancel reservations at the last minute, making our lives miserable. In Vancouver, we were met by a motley mob of over 200 protestors, mostly aliens, who tried to force their way into the meeting. They were led by the Number One Communist in Canada who exhorted them via bull horn. They were prevented entry by police action.
The closing meeting in Victoria had to be cancelled because of threats from the Comft'munist Longshoreman's Union, who threatned to march on and break up the meeting. Doris and I left Canada just hours ahead of an arrest warrant, that had been secured by Jews from Ottowa, accusing me of "disturbing the peace". In every instance, they were backed by churchmen from the Anglican and United Church of Canada.
Maurice Silberberg, executive director of the Canadian Jewish Congress was able to get into the meeting, he was quoted in the Vancouver SUN, Tuedsay, Aug. 7,	1984, as saying:	"Mohr
is a specialist in twisting anti-Semitism into a patriotic duty. He did it, and he did it well, and he did it with the blessings of the Canadian League of Rights". (Of course he didn't bother to inform the readers that at least 90% of those who call themselves Jews, are not Semites, but are of Truco-Mongolian blood. Their ancestors never set foot in Palestine, the land they now claim as their birthright!
They quoted from one of my pamphlets, THE BRAINWASHING OF CHRISTENDOM, which was a message I delivered to the INTERNATIONAL LEAGUE OF RIGHTS, in Calgary, in October 1983:	"White Christian
nations, those known as Christendom, especially the English speaking nations, are under a vicious mental attack which threatens White Christian civilization and the White race. These are the only people in the world, who have openly accepted the teachings of Jesus Christ."
Silierberg, like the neo-nazi Dr. Garber, called me a "wolf in sheep's clothing", because of the way I preached "racism" in the guise of Christianity. Nothing was said in the newspaper about Silfcerberg's Jewish hatred of Christ and Christianity.
It is not as though Christian America has not been warned, as early as 1789, the elder statesman of America, Benjamin Franklin warned the Continental Congress in Philadelphia, that if they allowed Jews to enter the country in any number, within 200 years they would be controlling us. His predication has become fact, and America can rightly be called a ZIONIST OCCUPIED COUNTRY (ZOG).
Most Judeo-Christians believe that Jews follow the Old Testament teachings of Moses, but if this is so, why did Jesus tell their I
yea rs
MOHR

\sff
in (John believed Mes
- 13
5:46)	- "If ye had
for he wrote of Me* ?"
believed Mose,
ye would
Listen to this quote from the Emil Hersch:	"They tell you[
(agree). If they tell me that are mythology9 I will no t\ ■
1 i ps Moses
the stories protest/ It is
of the prestigeous Rabbi never lived/ I acquiesce that came from Egypt mythoiogy! n
,	,	® ^"ciigioL/s leaders of Judeo-Christini ty, have beeo so
6 " around in "Jewish mind deter ren t - a mixture of an ounce fsct 9 dissolved in a gallon of hogwash"t that they believe Jews follow the Old Testament, Jewish leaders will tell you that the "heartblood of modern Judaism" 9 is not the Torah, (Mosaic Law), but the Babylonian Talmud, which Jesus called the "traditions of the elders" , He said in Matt,	15:9	- "In
vain do ye worship Me (God), teaching for doctrine the commandments of men",:
Dr, Joseph Kastein, another well-known Jewish religious authority says regarding Jewish history (this should really say Isaraelite history, since there were no people known as Jews at this time) , "The Egyptian %aptivity, the slaying of the firstborn* the exodus from Egypt 9 and the conquest of Canaan* (all carried out by Israel» not Jews) are all myths. He goes on to say that ancient history was invented by Hebrew priests• and the messages of vengeance against the "goy" were for the purpose of effecting their dealings with the Gentiles forever ,
The Encyclopaedia Brittanica says that Judaism developed after the Israelites merged with mankind. The first time they are mentioned in the Bible is in 2 Kings 16:6, where we find them fighting against Israel, This is some 1200 years after the time of Abraham, yet most Judeo-Christ ian preachers say that Abraham and Isaac were Jews,
It is interesting to note that the ancient Israelite prophets• like Jesus to come after them, were constantly concerned with the injustice and cruelty that had developed in Judaism, The worst enemies of our Savior, when He walked this earth, were the religious leaders of Judaism, the scribes and Pharisees, He used His bitterestjdenunciations against them. No wonder they hated and killed Him!
An enlightening look into Judaism can be found in the book JEWS MUST LIVE! written by Jewish author Samuel Roth in 1934, Here is what he says about his own people:
IOur major vice of old, as of today, is parasitism. We are a people of vultures, living off the labor and good nature of
the world• But despite all our faults, we would never have done so much damage to the worl d\	“
our evil leadership,, .The \
for the
• if it had not been shame of Jewry comes
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 14
not from being bankers and old clothesmen of the world. It comes rather of the stupenduous hypocrisy, and cruelty, imposed by us by our fa$uml leadership.
"Read for yourself the progress of Jewry throughout Europe and America. Wherever Jews come they are welcomed,	and	join	in
the general business of	the community. But one by	one,	the
businesses close to them because of their unfair practices.... until it is	impossible to longer	hold	in check
the w&Fath of a betrayed people. There is violence and invariably, an ignominious rejection of the whole race from the land. There is not	a single instance when	Jews	have	not
fully deserved the bitter fruits of the fury of their persecutors.
"Their disease is a sort of moral gonhorrhea known as Judaism and it seems incurable. The results...are 1Variably treacherous and unhealthy.
"If you are in doubt, take a look at any Jew ridden country in Europe. If you need further convincing, take a look at what is happening in America. (Rememebr, this was written over fifty years ago).
"It is my belief essential for it's what the American interests ", (UNQ).
Even the pro-Jewish Judeo-Christian church leaders will be forcedl into admitting this, before this country comes to an ignominousl end. (The one we are headed towards under Jewish control!)\ Christians cannot support both Christ, and the anti-Christ of Judaism. They MUST make a decision soon, one way or the other!
We have been sold the idea in America that a good education is "all important!" Yet an informed people, are not alwaysl an enlightened people! There is a great difference between "education" and "knowledge". The Hebrew prophet Hosea knew this, when he wrote of Israel, in (4:6) - "My people are destroyed for lack of KNOWLEDGE".
Today, with the major sources of KNOWLEDGE in America in Jewish hands, and under their control, the statement of an old hillbillyl is becoming more and more true. He said:	"It ain't so much from
not knowin' that causes the trouble:	as	it is from knowin 1 so
much that ain't so!” This is why it is so vitally important for the Christian to follow the teachings of God's Word, rather than what their churchmen tell them!
What will change this condition of fear and chaos which today
that nothing the Jew does in America is welfare! On the contrary, a great deal of Jew does is subversive of America's best
MOHR
<Ct£*t
YEARS "
strength
- 1 5
the
" savor 1 ess
of sal t back
become
ability to hold i s good for bring to the forefront
America 's "* (Matt 5
corruption ,
citizens, to where they have 13)* (Salt that has lost it's and according to the Master, nothing but the garbage heap?) What is
White Christian leaders of and moral strength, and righteousness, of our people back in OBEDIENCE to God forces of evil which
who
and
now control us?
needed to spiritual will lead millions to victory over the
come, when Christian leaders have the "intestinal fortitude" to "preach the whole counsel of God's Word, rather the "sweet stuff" that pleases the ear, fills the pews puts money in the collection plate. If fingers are to be pointed and names named, and they need to be, then America's spiritual leaders must be indicted first, for if our people are given the "whole truth", by leaders who seek to please God, before man, once our people understand and accept God's plan for our survival, then they can truly become the "light bearers the world" which made us great in the first place. God's plan for His Israel people, (not Jews) is found in 1 Peter 2:9 — "But ye (Israel) are a chosen generation (bloodline), a royal priesthood . a#) holy nation, (notice, not a church, but a nation), a peculiar (set aside for a special purpose) people...
This is our calling/ Is it to be Racial Supremists? No indeed!
it to rule others with a "rod of iron"; hardly! The last part of this verse shows our responsibility and reason for existing:	"...that	ye (Israel) should show forth the praises
of Him who hath called you out of darkness, into His marvelous light". (Compare this with Hosea 1:10, also written to "true Israel":	"Yet	the	number of the children of Israel	shall be
as the sand of the sea, which cannot be measured, nor numbered: (the Jews certainly do not qualify here) and it shall come to ss, that in	the	place	where it was said unto them. Ye are
not My people (our church leaders and the Jews call us Gentiles), there it shall be said unto them. Ye are the sons of the living God (Christians)". This is our Abrahamic heritage, the heritage which the imposters, "those who say they are Jews and are not; but are of the	synagogue	of Satan", (Rev. 2:10), with	the help
of traitors in our ranks, seek to keep us from obtaining. We have not "shown forth His praises", as we should, and that is the reason	the	world	is in darkness, going into	the camp
of God's enemy. When we raise up in the strength which God can give us, and are true to our heritage, once again we will be victorious *	*
We MUST remember, as much as the JEW and ALIEN have been "thorns in our sides", they are not the CAUSE of our problems. They are the EFFECT of our DISOBEDIENCE! (Study Deut. 28 for confirmation 1) If you see a complacent Christian, who is content
comfortable spiritual foxhole, while the battle for righteousness rages outside, you are looking at the problem!
FIFTEEN YEARS - MOHR - 16
In Isaiah 54:4* we are told clear 1 y * that if we accept our responsibility and OBEY God* rather than "doing our own thing" * then:	"In righteousness shalt thou be established; and thou
shalt be far from oppression: for thou shalt not fear: and from terror* for it shall not come nigh thee!"
As I enter my 16th year in the Kingdom Movement* I am approaching eighty (1/1/96). This old "chassis" has had many hard miles on it9 and often times seems ready for the "junk heap". But for some reason» unknown	to	me *	God has called	me back into
"activity duty", after sitting on the sidelines for almost two years. I'm "back in the saddle again!" and praise God for it! Will you join me in this Crusade to bring truth to our people* and America back to God?	We	have a FORMULA FOR	SURVIVAL that
will work. We know it will for the King has said so. It is found in 2 Chronicles 7:14	-	"If My epople, which are called by My
name (Christian)» will HUMBLE themselves and PRAY» and SEEK My face9 and TURN from their wicked ways, then will I HEAR from heaven» and will FORGIVE their sin * and will HEAL their land", (Emphasis added). But we MUST be willing to give this Formula more than mere lip service. It is up to us what will happen. Can we say with Patrick Henry:	"Is	life	so	dear» and peace so
sweet 9 as to be purchased	at	the	price of chains	and slavery.
FORBID IT t ALMIGHTY GOD!	I	know	not what course others may
take but as for me, GIVE ME LIBERTY, OR GIVE ME DEATH!" With us on the side of God» it will be VICTORY!
May Yahweh God* the God of our fathers Abraham * Isaac and Jacob* give you the courage and strength» to take the stand which will make our cause survive.
J	ant	as Ambassador for the King»