The Psychopolitical Indoctrination of America!
(How the Talmudic/Communist Blueprint for America'a subjugation has taken place).
by
Lt. Col. Gordon (Jack) Mohr, AUS Ret.
Therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. No man that warreth entagleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please Him who hath chosen him to be a soldier”.
(2 Timothy 2:3, 4)
FOREWORD
It is an honor for me to write the foreword to this book. I first met Colonel Mohr in January of 1984 when I invited him to come and speak at my church, the LaPorte of Christ, in LaPorte, Colorado. He spoke on a Saturday and Sunday and on Monday, the media attack by the local newspaper began. Because Jack Mohr dared to tell the truth about such subjects such as Jews, Communism, and Treason (in both the government and church pulpits), the Jewish community and the local ministerial alliance and newspapers from Fort Collins, Colorado to Denver Colorado did their assigned jobs, i.e., to vilify a Christian man brave enough to speak the truth.
I	have since witnessed how our Lord used it all for good (Romans 8:28) and how no one can frighten Colonel Mohr or stop him from speaking the truth. He is and has been a Jeremiah of our day.
Colonel Mohr is one of the bravest men I know. He has endured the torture chamber of Korean Communists, survived a Korean Communist firing squad, fought the Korean conflict where he emerged one of the most highly decorated soldiers of that war. Since that time, he has faithfully served as a prophet of sorts to America both as a well-known fundamental Baptist Evangelist and as a speaker for the American Opinion Speakers Bureau.
In his love and quests for truth, he discovered the truth concerning who God’s Covenant people really were and who they were not. The imposters (Revelation 2:9; 3:9) and their allies (preachers) have persecuted him for it Colonel Mohr is a man who seems to get stronger rather than weaker under persecution.
Since I first met Colonel Mohr, my life has never been the same as it has been for the better. Life in America will be for the better when her citizens understand the nature and tactics of the antichrist forces residing in the land. This book does much in aiding that understanding. After reading it, give it to a preacher who is still trying to call America's antichrist Jews, God's chosen people and ask him to read it. Above all, follow the Formula for Survival Colonel Mohr writes about.
Peter J. Peters
Pastor of the LaPorte Church of Christ
THE PSYCHOPOLITICAL INDOCTRINATION
OF AMERICA
A number of years ago, I set out to para-phrase a Russian Communist textbook titled PSYCHOPOLITICS; (the art of controlling the mind of an entire nation, in order to subjugate them). It was the Zionist "blueprint for the Communist conquest of Christendom, which means primarily the White nations of the Free World and the United States in particular.
This book was introduced to a hand picked group of 48 American college students, who were attending the Lenin School of Psychopolitical Warfare, at the University of Moscow, as the first step in their training to become the cadre for the Communist conquest of America. 45 of these young people were Jews. The book was introduced in 1934, by Laventria Beria, who at that time was the Jewish head of the Russian Secret Police. Beria confidently predicted that Jewish Communism would eventually "have dominion over the minds and bodies of every important person in America", and would "bring about the quiet Communist conquest of the United States".
The purpose of this message is to review the contents of this book, while taking a close look at the progress that has been made in America, by Communism, over the past sixty plus years.
Many of you, reacting to the information put out by our controlled press will immediately say. "But Communism is dead! Even the Spotlight says so! Russia is a fragmented country which is no longer a danger to the Free World". But may I submit! Communism is not dead! It has merely changed it's name. It is now known as the New World ORder! If you look closely, you will see that the leadership of every breakway country on the continent, is a "hardnosed Communist Jew" who hates America and Christianity and who has the nuclear ability to destroy us with the push of a button. We are far from being "home free!"
The Holy Bible has many warnings concerning these days, which are sometimes referred to as "the end of this Age". In Psalm 37:12, 13 we read: "The wicked plotteth against the just, and gnasheth upon him with his teeth. The Lord shall laugh at him, for He seeth that His day is coming".
In 2 Timothy 3:122, 13 - "Yea, all that will live Godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. But evil men and seducers shall wax (become) worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived".
2	John 7 | "For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an anti-Christ".
In vs. 10,11, he tells what the Christian attitude should be towards these "anti-Christ seducers" i "For he that biddeth him God speed (helps him in any way), is partaker in his evil deeds".
Of necessity, I will leave out parts of this Communist textbook which do not relate specifically to our American problems today, and concentrate on those which are being used against us.
This textbook was brought to America in 1936, where it became the central teaching tool of the Communist Indoctrination Center, located in the Eugene Debs Labor School, located at 113 East Wells St., Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The greater part of this book is concerned with the matter of "psychopolitics", which is the subtle art of capturing the minds of a nation which is being set up for conquest.
During the Korean War, I had a "front row" seat in the horrors which took
place under the name of Communism. 1 did not Know about it's Jewish connection for my mind was still locked din the "hardened cement of fundamentalism", which taught that the Jews were God's Chosen, who must never be criticized, no matter what the cause. It was many years, before the "dynamite of God", through a traumatic experience, blew this road block away, to where I could read my Bible and see what it really said, not what my pastor said it said.
This is what I'm concerned about today, as I see most of the so-called Christian world, as they are under the bondage of anti-Christ Judaism's "mind control", headed for disaster! During the late stages of the Korean War and following it, I had the privilege of working with American servicemen, (POW'S) who had been subjected to what became known as "Brainwashing". The Chinese had a more appropriate term for it, calling it "mind control!".
From the hectic days of that war, I have followed with something akin to horror, the success of Zionist brainwashing in America, through their use of the controlled media, the Public Schools, and in many cases the Christian church.
Because of my personal interest in this subject, and because I have been outspoken in warning our people against it, I have been the subject of harassment by the controlled government, the media, and the Christian people I love and for whose safety I am concerned. It is difficult for decent, Christian people, to understand that our government, Republican and Democrat alike, has been under alien, anti-Christ control, since at least 1913 and which accounts for most of the attacks against Christianity and the decadence of our society in general. This difficulty is exaggerated by church leadership which has often backed the enemy for political reasons, anything to protect their "tax exempt" status with the enemy government, even if it means twisting the Word of God to suit their purposes. This is more reprehensible that the TREASON of the government!
Many laws have been passed in America which can and have been used to imprison and torture Christian Patriots, who dare take a stand against evil in government, . (These are the men and women who love God, their people, their country, and their families, who are armed and willing to take a stand to protect their "God given rights". Fifty years ago, they were considered to be the "cream of the crop" in America. Today, under the lying propaganda of the controlled media, they are painted as "hate mongers. Fascist, neo-Nazi, and worst of all "Anti-Semites'", who are a menace of our country. They are setting the foundation for Christ's predication in John 16:2, when He said that a day would come when they (the "politically correct good guys") would believe they were doing God a favor, by kicking us out of the public places and killing us. We are close to that time now. Pastor Peters, and others, have had meetings cancelled, because Christians were afraid to have them speak the TRUTH in their neighborhood. I had it happen to me in British Columbia a few years ago, when Canadian Custom officials, under severe Jewish pressure from Ottawa, confiscated over $5,000 worth of my literature at the border, and where we were harassed for a month, by Jewish agents who hounded us from meeting to meeting, with the full approval of the Church of Canada. Numerous meetings, which were contracted for, were cancelled, because of Jewish and Church pressure against motel owners. This is indeed a strange combination, when you find professing Christianic, cooperating and aiding their bitterest enemies, against another Christian group, in an attempt to hinder them from telling the TRUTH!
As we skip through this Communist textbook, we will only be able to hit the "high points", which actively effect us today. But there will be enough for you to see a diabolical plot, as it unfolds against God, the Christian church, and decency. It is
promulgated principally by World Zionism, which seeks their control and ultimate annihilation. (This according to their own open declaration!)
My appeal to you as decent, God-fearing, God-loving, patriotic Christian Americans, is to open your heart to the TRUTH, so that you may remain free of this Satanic control. Jesus once said (John 8:32) - "And ye shall know the TRUTH, and the TRUTH shall make you free". This is as true today, as when He spoke it almost 2,000 years ago.
When Christian Americans, of all races and colors, fall down on their God-given duty of being the "salt of the earth", and lose their ability to stop corruption, (which is the major quality of salt), they are good for nothing but the city dump! If this happens, we will take Free America to the graveyard, bury her, while over her grave we will erect a headstone with this epitaph: "America's freedom died, because White Christian people didn't want to be bothered!"
BERIA'S SPEECH TO AMERICAN UNIVERSITY STUDENTS!
Here are some important excerpts from the welcoming speech given to these Communist students by Laventria Beria in 1934:
"American students at Lenin University, I welcome you!"
"Psychopolitics is an important, if less known division of geo-politics. It is less known, because it must, of necessity deal with highly educated personnel, who are the top strata of society.
"By Psychopolitics our chief goals are effectively carried forward. This is to produce a maximum of chaos in the culture of the enemy. This is our first and most important step".
Why do you think that almost all racial riots in America can be traced back to Jewish agitation? Why was it that Israel Cohen, a Jewish British Communist leader was able to state in the early nineteen hundreds: "We will use the Negroes of America as 'cannon fodder' in a racial war which will sweep us into power?" Why did he write in his book A RACIAL PROGRAM FOR THE TWENTIETH CENTURY, written in 1921, with excerpts available in the Congressional Record of 1957, page 8559: "We must realize that our Party's most powerful weapon is racial tension. By pounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by the Whites, we can mold them to a program of the Communist Party. The terms Colonialism and Imperialism must be featured in our propaganda. In America, we will aim for a subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro minority against the Whites, we will endeavor to instill in the Whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negroes.
"We will aid the Negros to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions, and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige, Negros will be able to inter-marry with Whites, and begin a process which will deliver America into our cause!" If you can't see how this is happening, it is because you have deliberately closed your eyes to the truth.
Recently the Southern Baptist Church, offered an apology to America's Blacks, for having had a part in their slavery 200 years ago. But they were careful to leave out the fact that Black slaves were sold to Jewish slave buyers, by Black chieftains, who traded them for rum, distilled in Jewish distilleries in New England. That they were shipped in inhuman conditions on Jewish owned ships, and sold in Jew owned slave markets in America, by Jewish auctioneers. The slave business from start to finish, was Jewish controlled. The SBC was careful to leave this Jewish

connection out of their statement. (This is typical of the "double-mindedness" of the modem Judeo-Christian church.)
The extent of Jewish leadership in pro-race mixing propaganda can be seen in I a statement made by a prominent Canadian Rabbi in September 5, 1967. This state-1 ment was made by Rabbi Abraham L. Feinberg, to MacLean's Review: "Until we 1 leam to fight our ingrown fears of sexual relations between races, the end of the race problem will not be in sight. Only when we no longer raise our eyebrows at the sight of a Negro holding hands with a White girl, will the West begin to tear itself away from the racial poison in its vitals. This means an inside-out remodeling of the White psyche, for our fear of mixed marriages is deeply rooted". (It should be, since it is forbidden by our God!).
Feinberg goes on to say: "Legislation cannot change the human heart. The only way we can accomplish this, and the only way we can achieve a Final Solution to racial prejudice is to create a melange (mixture) of races so universal that no one can preen himself on his racial purity or practice the barbarism to safeguard it.
"The deliberate encouragement of interracial marriages is the only way to hasten this process. And the time may be growing short. The dominance of the world is beginning to shift, like cargo on a listing ship... We will never completely eliminate racial prejudice, until we eliminate separate races". (It is rather interesting to note that while the Jews wish for inter-racial marriage for Whites, they abhor it for their own people.) It might be advisable here to ask ourselves this question: "If God wanted us to be all one big chocolate mass, why didn't He create us that way in the beginning?" Obviously He had a reason for creating different races, and the Jews want to change that to suit their own nefarious purposes.
But back to Beria, as he states: "Our fruits are gown in chaos, distrust, economic depression and scientific turmoil, until at last, a weary populace will seek the peace offered only by the (Talmudic) Communist STate".
At this point we need to point out that "Communism is not dead!", no matter what you may have heard from the controlled media, and even some conservative newspapers such as the SPOTLIGHT. It has merely changed it's name to the Zionist NEW WORLD ORDER! Beria said: "We MUST labor until we have dominion over the minds and bodies of every important person in the nation under conquest". (This may account for the fact the President Clinton has appointed over 60 anti-Christ Jews to high positions in our government, even though he claims to be a "born-again" Christian.
Our new Secretary of State, Madeline Albright, is a Jewess, as is the new head of our Intelligence apparatus. (Both are New World Order adherents). All these Jews in the Clinton Administration, are "dual citizens", whose first loyalty is not to the United States, but to the Israeli nation in Palestine. This can be seen by their actions.
Beria continues: "You MUST dominate as respected men the fields of psychiatry and psychology. You MUST dominate the hospitals and the universities. .. Psychopolitics is a solemn charge, for with it, we can erase our enemies as insects".
These statements are not new in Jewry, for they have been made in Protocol after Protocol down through the ages. (A PROTOCOL is a draft, or a record of a document or negotiation: an original draft of an agreement).
In 1289, the head Rabbi in Europe, urged his Jewish people to:
1	I Make of your sons merchants, that little by little they may despoil Christians of their possessions:
2	I Make of your sons doctors and apothecaries (druggists) so they can take away Christian lives. (Notice that there is a predominance of Jews in the pharma-
ceutical profession, and that they always fight any cheap means of obtaining health products, other than what they sell.)
3	- Make of your sons canons and clerics, so that they may destroy the Christian church from within." (They have been eminently successful in is area).
4	- Arrange for your sons to become advocates and lawyers. . . in order that by putting Christians under your yoke, we may dominate the world and be avenged on them. (There have been several other Protocols since then, all similar.)
Beria stated that in a Capitalist nation, aided by the corruption and philosophy of man, in time, "by the use of mental healing; we an be rid of our enemies."
He goes on to encourage his people to: "Use the courts, use the Judges, use the Constitution of the country, and it's law to further our ends. When you have been successful, (and they are very close to it now), you will discover that you can effect your own legislation at will and can be careful organization. .. make the Capitalist (Christian) by his own appropriations, finance the Communist (Zionist) conquest of his nation". (This is what they have been doing in America since 1913, as a large portion of our National Debt, has been brought about by Christian support for the anti-Christ's.)
In Chapter One, the history and definition of Psychopolitics is explained: "Psychopolitics poses no ethical problems, since it is evident that man can be coerced (tricked; seduced against his will) for the greater good of the State.
"Basically he is an animal. An animal with a civilized veneer, who groups together for his own protection before the threats of the environment".
It is interesting to note how much the New World Environmentalists have achieved in America, in e past twenty years, to the point where our Vice President Gore, has become one of it's most prominent leaders. Under their pressure. Congress has usurped Constitutional authority and is illegally giving American sovereignty into the hands of The United Nations, which is the "whipping boy", for the New World Order. They expect everything to be in place by 2000, which is their "target date" for world takeover.
The following article appeared in the Nov/Dec 96 issue of THE JUBILEE, P.O. Box 310, Midpines, CA 95345:
"Many Americans do not realize that there are now 20 sties on American soil, that have been declared World Heritage Sites and 47 Biosphere Reserves by the United National Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESQ.
In September 1996, Rep. Dan Young, (R-AK) convened a hearing under the auspices of his House Research Committee, to air concerns and greivances about this creeping United Nations (meaning Zionist) control. Citizens and local officials from Montana, New Mexico, Wyoming and Colorado, testified at the hearing that the U.N. World Heritage Site designations have been declared near their communities, without their knowledge or consent. Such designations threaten private property rights and local sovereignty.
"In response to this threat, Young sponsored an emergency American Land Sovereignty Protection Act Bill to require congressional approval before Federal bureaucrats could seek U.N. status and control over American parks and public lands. Despite a 264 to 178 vote in favor, it failed to gain the necessary 2/3rds majority needed". What does this mean to you and me? It clearly shows that at least 178 of our Congressmen have forgotten or deliberately ignored their "oath of office", probably the latter, and have voted in favor of the New World Order over the rights of their constituents. Could Psychopoliticians have had a part in this? Listen to this definition of "Psychopolitics" "straight from the horse's mouth!"
"Psychopolitics is the art and science of asserting and maintaining control overthe thoughts and loyalty of individuals, officials, bureaus, and the masses, and the effecting of the conquest of enemy nations through the "mental processes of Psychopolitics".
There you have it! And that's what is being done to our elected officials, our press, our educators, and sadly to many preachers. A legitimate question to ask at this point would be, "What right does UNESCO have to operate on American soil?" and the answer is, "none, except that which our government gives them". It has been the TREASON among elected officials which has allowed this World monstrosity to control our nation and our people.
The strength and power of Psychopolitics cannot be over estimated, particularly when it is used on a nation which has become decayed from within by pseu-do-intellectualism, such as is the case with America.
Under Jewish tutoring, Christian Capitalism", which should be used for the benefit of all it's citizens, has degenerated into the Jewish idea of "the gelts the thing". Not "what can I do for my country', but "what can I get for the least amount of effort!"
Many of you can remember back to the time when Americans put out the best products in the world, and were proud of it. They would often work for less, in order to maintain this high standard. But as Jewish thinking began to take hold, under the Satanic influence of Psychopolitics, the idea has become: "What can I get from life". No wonder we are in trouble, especially when this has infected the Christian body. Christians have been "sucked in" by this Satanic philosophy and from following Christ's example as a "servant of God", we have developed a generation that cares very little about God, or their fellow men. Under this system, the general welfare of the world is placed above everything else, as long as it benefits the pocketbooks of those in charge.
They believe, so they say, that "The putrescent illness of Christian States, (an illness they never mention which was caused by Zionism), has spread it's pus and bacteria into healthy nations, (those already under Zionist control) and will bring about the death of Earth." They are not so much interested in the "death of earth," as they are anything that causes them to lose wealth and power.
The enemy knows that if we follow the Laws of God and are in OBEDIENCE to His will, the Zionist/Communist New World Order would collapse. This is why we have seen in American in particular, an overpowering program to seduce and mislead our youth. They have used every illegal, evil means to do this, whether it was dope, alcohol, pornography, rock and roll, prostitution, or race mixing, all of these evils, headed by Jewish interests. Don't argue with me, look at their names!
They go on to explain how "the tenets of rugged individualism, personal determination, imagination, and creativeness are antipathetic to the good of the New World Order State". They explain in detail how man's thinking can be easily and thoroughly changed to positive control by the State. In Romans 1:22, the Apostle Paul tells us about those who "professing themselves to be wise, have become fools". In vs 23, he explains how they tried to change the glory of the uncorruptable God, into the image of corruptible men and beasts, which led to such heinous crimes against God and man, as Sodomy, about which Paul said in vs 32 - "Who knowing the judgment of God, that those who do such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them". (Again, you will find the Jewish element in the forefront of pushing Sodomy as a "alternate way of life".)
The mission of Psychopolitics is to align the obedience of human beings, not
to God and decency, but to the power of the State. They call Christian efforts to better mankind, a "spiritual Alice in Wonderland voyage" into me sub-conscious, under the guise of making the sick human mind well!
We who have a personal knowledge of Jesus Christ, KNOW that it is only as our people OBEY God and His Laws, that we can live in PEACE and FREEDOM!
Beria stated something in 1934, which is now an established fact in Washington, D.C. He predicted that the time would come when "we will best succeed if at the side of every rich and influential man, we can place a psychopolitical operator, who will control him through the medium of their family". Most of our top politicians have a personal psychologist and there are very few politicians in our Nation's Capitol, who do not fear for die safety of their families, when they buck the Jews.
We will skip Chapter IV in this discussion, as it has little to offer. In Chapter V we will examine the loyalty of individuals and show how under Psychopolitical control, an experienced operator can change the loyalty of an individual and do it so deftly that his closest companions will not know it is taking place.
By the use of drugs and hypnosis, the Psychopolitical operator can cause severe neurosis or actual insanity in a leader, or his wife and children. Then in the privacy of his laboratory, the operator, almost always an "amoral" man, can use any means, sexual or mental, to degrade them. They can cause a man's wife and children to act in such a manner as to bring discredit on him. We have seen it happen, without knowing the cause.
When they run into that rare individual who cannot be changed, and who stands firm against their evil plans, they are careful to dispose of them through what appears to be suicide. I am sure you have heard about the large numbers of people connected with President Clinton, who have had mysterious deaths.
The case of Admiral Michael Borda, U.S., Navy, is a good example. He was supposed to have committed suicide over the dishonor of wearing a few minor service ribbons to which he was not entitled. Now more and more evidence is cropping up that he was eliminated because he refused to cooperate in high level plans the New World Order had for his beloved Navy. His closest friends say that he was not the type who would commit suicide over anything, much less such a minor problem. The same thing took place a few years ago when Secretary of the Navy Forrestahl was supposed to have committed suicide by jumping from a hospital window. The evidence showed that he was overpowered, and thrown out by C.I.A. operatives, because he was outspoken against the so-called "establishment".
One thing, you as a Christian need to know is this. We are dealing with individuals who are under Satanic control, they are "playing hardball". They do not care about your life or mine, or about what is right or wrong. To them "The end always justifies the means!" no matter how horrible or evil it may be, as long as it gains them what they want!
On page 27, we listen to their own advice about how to bring about this Satanic control of our children. "Under the saccherine guise of assistance to them, vigorous child labor laws are the best means to deprive the child of any rights in society. By refusing to let him work; by forcing him into unwanted dependence on a grudging parent; by making sure that in every channel the parent is never in any other than economic stress, the child can be driven in his teens, into revolt and delinquency ensue. Then by making readily available to him drugs of various kinds (and our government is the biggest drug dealer in the country), by giving the teenager alcohol, by stimulating his wildness, (note the direction of the TV shows) by stim-



ulating him with sex literature and sex education (note that you can't read the Bible in school, but you can provide the students with condoms), the psychopolitical operator can create the necessary attitude of chaos, idleness and worthlessness, into which can be cast the perfect solution of Talmudic Communism".
Some of you naive Christians who read this, no doubt will say: "This will never happen in Christian America!" It has already happened! Why do you suppose we have teenaged gangs, where boys and girls alike kill brutally, in cannibalistic, Satanic glee, without any remorse whatsoever? Explain if you can the following true facts, as presented by Pastor Austin Miles, in his newsletter THE CONNECTING LINK, P.O. Box 685, Oakley, CA 94561:
"Parents effectively lose their right to direct the upbringing of their children, when they drop them off at a Public School." You may say: "Impossible!" But this was the ruling of Texas Judge Melinda Harun, a political appointee of One World Architect, the former President George Bush. She ruled that the Katy Independent School District in Texas did not violate parental rights by allowing the Child Protective Services to interrogate students without first notifying their parents, and then instructed them to lie to their parents about it."
The move for total State ownership of our children becomes more blatant every day. A few years ago, when some Christian parents in nebraska were jailed for refusing to send their children to Public Schools, where they would be taught the religion of Secular Humanism, the State religion of the Talmudic New World Order, a mother tearfully pleading for her rights to teach her children the truth was asked by the judge: "Lady, do you have a marriage license?" When she answered in the affirmative, he stood up, and pointing his finger at her literally screamed: "When you signed that license you have up all rights to your children. They are wards of the State and we will do any damn things with them that we want". In my opinion, that man should have been tarred and feathered; rode out of town on a rail, and then hung from the closest light post, as a warning to other TRAITORS, for he was a TRAITOR to his office as a supposed governmental instrument of Justice and right!
This is the "power of the STate," as shown over an over again in PSYCHOPOLITICS.
State workers in East Stroudsbury, Pennsylvania had a class of sixth grade girls strip naked, then lie spread eagled on a table, while a male doctor probed their genitals. (I'm afraid if I had been a father of one of those girls, Christian or not, 1 would have visited that doctor and seen that justice was down for his violation of my daughter.) The Christians in the town did very little about it! You say: "That's a hateful, un-Christian attitude!" In God's name, what are Christians to do? What do you suppose the Apostle Paul meant in 1 Timothy 5:8, when he said: - "But if any provide (Greek - PRONEO, meaning: "look out for; protect") not for his own, specially those of his own house (family), he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel"? In other words, if you refuse to stand against evil that is destroying your family, you should be "beneath the contempt of decent people."
The time is long past, my Christian friends, when we should stand up like men and tell the State: "No! You may not experiment with my children; you may not lead them away from our God!"
Social workers intruded into the home of the MacDonald's in New York, who were "home schooling" their children and demanded to strip search the children. When the parents refused, more officials, including local police, Emergency Medical Service workers and a SWAT team stormed their home. The father and mother were charged with "failure to cooperate" in the molesting of their children
by government workers and were jailed.
Near Houston, Texas, which as an incredible 2,000 Child Protective Service Agents, police grabbed a 13 year old boy in a government school, forced him to strip naked before several women in the CPS office and then told him to lie to his parents about it. This is what would have happened, if he had been attacked by a pedio-phile.
In Clarksburg, West Virginia, middle school principal Pamela Carson-Legett ordered a strip search of 8the grade girls, because of one missing ring. These are some of the bizarre things which are taking place in Free America, where agents of the Public School System and the Social Services are free to molest our children under the guise of helping them.
The Communist textbook clearly states that in case a strong leader shows up in a youth group, the psychopolitician, in the guise of a school official, can work in many ways to destroy his leadership. When it appears that all threats and persuasions fail to change him to their desired ends, they are free to destroy him in any way possible, as long as it does not bring discredit on the Party. As a result, no pain must be spared to direct the attention of the authorities against such a one, and he MUST be brought into the hands of juvenile authorities. They state: "In Juvenile courts, can always be found people with strange appetites, whether they be judges, policemen and women, or attorneys. By making available to them young girls and boys, in the security of the jail or Detention Center and by appearing with flash cameras and witnesses armed with whips, they can direct all future decisions regarding that child". (If this doesn't make you angry, it's because you have lost all "sense of decency".)
What about Government Foster Homes into which children, kidnapped by the State are placed? Here is an example of thousands which take place in the Untied States. This one was in Greenville, S.C., "No charges will be filed in the drowning of a disabled nine year old boy in a tub of scalding water at a Foster Home earlier this month. Prosecutors say there was no evidence of neglect". (U.S.A. Today, 8/29/96). This happened after the child had been strip searched and molested by social service officials. (What a place for a pediophile to work.)
The seizure of children from parents, who are then place din foster homes, not only gives pediophiles unprecedented access to our children, but generates considerable income. The Federal Government pays each local agency, for each child seized and the State profits from this seizure through government funds.
When Social Services officers refer to a child as "psychologically or psychi-atrically firm", they actually pay a "referral fee" which is in all reality a "per head bounty" to the Social Services Office. The Psychiatrist or psychologist then bills the government heavily for their services, while often experimenting with them sexually, or by the use of drugs.
It has been proven that drug companies spend millions of dollars every year, to have hospitals and Social Services supply them with human guinea pigs. The parents are given no choice in this horrible practice.
Probably one of the most important chapters in this book, is Chapter VI which deals with OBEDIENCE. They believe that "Obedience is the result of force, and that concurrent with force is brutality. (This fits in well with the teachings of the Talmud, that looks on all non-Jews as lower grade animals. To the Jewish man, a Gentile (non-Jew) woman is nothing more or less than a "piece of raw meat", to be used in any way he sees fit). If you study the Talmud, you will easily see it's connection to the brutality behind Communism. In fact the leading Jewish newspaper
in America, statecjin 1919: "The ideals of Boleshvism are consonant (in agreement) with the finest meals of Judaism". (No wonder, then they came from the same Satanic source.) This Jewish religious book states; "When our Messiah (Jewish victory) comes, every Jew will have 2,000 goyim (Yiddish for "non Jew animat'7, you and I) slaves". Yet these are the people that some of you uphold as God's Chosen!
The Talmudist teach in this textbook, that: "Any organization which has the spirit and courage to display inhumanity, savageness, brutality, and an uncompromising lack of humanity will be obeyed." The continue o page 30 - "If you would have obedience, you must have no compromise with humanity. If you would have obedience, you must make it clearly understood that you will have no mercy. Man is an animal and in the final analysis, understands only the things that a brute beast understands".
I know something about PSYCHOPOLITICS, for I have seen it's "leering face", close up and have had it practiced on my screaming body. I sincerely doubt if any of you have any real comprehension of what I'm trying to say, unless possibly it is some of you who had combat duty in Vietnam. You too have seen this enemy "face to face" and may understand.
Because this is a family gathering of men and women, it is impossible for me to describe the awfulness of the enemy's actions. I doubt that any of you have seen a man impaled alive on a sharpened pole set in the ground, and while he writhes and screams his life away, have his nine months pregnant wife is stripped and raped before his eyes and that of the leering mob. Then see her as she is chopped to pieces with the bayonets of the soldiers and runs screaming through the streets, with her breasts chopped off.
I doubt that any of you has ever seen a baby snatched from it's mother's arms and swung against the trunk of a tree or a stone wall; or a beautiful young woman, stripped, and nailed to the branch of a tree with spikes driven through her breasts, while a bundle of rice straw, soaked in oil, is bound between her bare things and set on fire. This is the face of Talmudic/Communist PSYCHOPOLITICS in action, and is the reason why I, as a Christian can say with King David, in Psalm 139:21,22 -"Do not I hate them, O Lord, that hate Thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against Thee? I hate them with a perfect hatred; I count them mine enemies!" I know some of you will quote Jesus' words to me: "Love your enemies!", but no where, at any time, or in any place did He say "Love God's enemies; or those who are trying to destroy your people". In fact it was He who spoke to King Jehosophat in 2 Chronicles 19:2, when He said: "... Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the Lord? Therefore is wrath upon thee from before the Lord".
He also told His disciples that the time had come, when if they did not have a means of self protection, they should sell their clothes, if necessary and buy one. (Luke 22:32) and He indicated in Matthew 10:34 that his purpose on earth was not to bring "peace, but a sword". For He knew, that when men or women take a stand against evil, it will bring conflict and his enemies will often be "those of his own family", (vs 36). In all my years in a Judeo-Christian church, I have never heard this verse of Scripture used as a text, although it is a "fact of life", more serious now than ever before.
A good Christian slogan for use to have in 1997, would be: "We must secure the existence of our people, and a future for our White children, by teaching that OBEDIENCE TO GOD MUST COME BEFORE WE CAN HAVE VICTORY!
IS THIS HATE?
Today, the White ADAMIC race makes up only about 8% of the worlds pop-
ulation. We are the minority people, although the Communist press would have us believe the other way around. The life of our race and our belief in Ood, lies in the wombs of white women, . That is why under government pressure. White women, contrary to God's Eternal Law against "miscegenation", are being seduced into mating with non-Whites. These are demographic facts!
IS IT HATE TO WARM OUR PEOPLE ABOUT THEM?
If we do not take immediate steps to protect our White women, they will soon cease to exist, along with those who have been in the forefront of carrying God's message of salvation to all mankind. At no time in the world's history, has any country of color, openly accepted the Gospel message. They are only reached with a lot of hard work, immense expense, and often real danger on the part of God's White messengers! Because the White nations of Christendom have been the one's that accepted Christ and His Gospel, I KNOW they are "true Israel," for that is one of the strongest fingerprints" which identifies them in these "closing out days of this Age". Today our people are being "brainwashed" into stopping the extinction of Spotted Owls and baby seals in Newfoundland, but it 8is considered RACIST and HATEFUL to protect our own from extinction!
CAN YOU SHOW ME IN SCRIPTURE WHERE LOVE OF ONE'S OWN IS HATRED! OF COURSE YOU CANT! In fact the Apostle Paul taught us in 1 Timothy 5:8, that any Christian who refuses to take care of and protect his family, "has denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel!:
Is it HATRED to OBEY the First Law of God, found over and over in Genesis One, that "like MUST produce after it's own kind".
Those who now control America, The Talmudist/Zionist/ New World Order, seek the amalgamation of all mankind into one big chocolate blob which can be more easily controlled on their New World Plantation. This heathen religion MUST be exposed and defeated. Am I a HATER BECAUSE I TELL YOU THE TRUTH? The last hope for our White people, lies in the TRUTH of the Scriptures, which is being deliberately suppressed in many of our churches. The enemy KNOWS, that WHEN our people begin to OBEY God, then His marvelous power will come into play on our side, and there is nothing that can stop His Kingdom from conquering and filling the earth. Their hope for complete power will be gone forever!
CHAPTER Vn - MAN AND STIMULUS RESPONSE!
The Talmudist believes, like the Communist, that since man is a "stimulus-response" animal, (Goyim" - non-Jew animal, they contemptuously call us) his entire reasoning process, even his ethics and morals depends on his stimulus response machinery.
One example they use is that if a man is beaten and told during the beating that he MUST obey certain officials or suffer, the installed pain becomes a policeman, so to speak, wh’V.h hurts him if he disobeys in the future. This same process is being used today in the prison systems of this country which are erroneously called "rehabilitation centers". They are not "correctional" at all! They do seek to install fear of authority!
The Communist teacher points to the fact that parents who are lenient with recalcitrant children are seldom obeyed. They believe the Kossack method of breaking wild horses will work with men. When the horse of a Kossack refuses to obey it's rider, they obtain a bottle of vodka, and when the horse bucks, they smash it between the horse's ears, knocking him to his knees, while the bottle breaks and the stinging liquid gets into the animal's eyes. The horse, mistaking the dampness for it's own blood, instantly stops bucking and thereafter gives full attention to the com-
mauds of it's rider.
So the PSYCHOPOLITICIAN, through hypnosis, and brain surgery known as "lobotomy", which was developed in Russia by Jewish scientists and is being used today in American prisons, and hospitals, ensures absolute obedience of the one on whom it has been performed.
The Russian scientists also found that "sex" was a powerful motivation and these beasts became adept at using sexual lusts and maschocism to benefit the end results of the PSYCHOPOLITICIAN. Remember their slogan: "The end justifies the means," which results in actions which are evil beyond the scope of decent imagination.
These things are being used against our boys and girls in the Secular School System of America, which is controlled by our enemies.
On page 39 of their textbook we are told: "Sex in all animals is a powerful motivator and is no less so in the animal man". (Remember that to the Talmudic Jews, who are the motivators of Communism, you and I, are called "goyim", which in Yiddish means "non-Jew" animal.)
They go on: "The occasioning of sexual liaison between females of a target family (very possibly yours), and indicated males (probably Blacks, since this is in their openly proposed plan), under the control of the psychopolitical operator, must be demonstrated to be possible with complete security for the agent, thus giving into his hands an excellent weapon for the breaking down of familial relations, and consequent public disgrace for the scientific target".
Think about this for a moment. These operatives, working under control of the sordid teachings of the Jewish Talmud, have no guilt feelings about degrading your wife or daughter, if it can be used to their advantage. If you are a politician, or an important person, this can and will be used against you as a weapon of "blackmail". I'm sure many of you have wondered at the actions of some youth, whose fathers have been in high positions, and who have committed actions which disgrace them.
Most of you who have been brought up under the false teachings of Judeo-Christianity, will probably refuse to believe that these evil things come directly from the Jewish Holy Book, the Babylonian Talmud, which according to Jewish leaders is the "heartblood of Judaism". It is taught to Rabbis in the Jewish seminaries. To clear your mind of all doubts, here are a few quotes from these books, showing the moral sickness which is Judaism. I quote chapter and verse in case you want to investigate and see for yourself. These come from the book THE EFFECTS OF THE TALMUD ON JUDEO-CH RISTIANITY, and are available from Scriptures for America, P.O. Box 766, LaPorte, CO 80535, for a donation of $12.50, plus $2.50 for postage and handling.
One of the major parts of the Talmud can be found in what is called the CABALLA. According to the Jewish Encyclopedia, the Caballa teaches the: "exalted position of man, which is the true Jewish view of life and one appealed to over and over again in the Talmud. It was the Cabalists of Judaism who developed Jewish magic' the casting of lots; necromancy; exorcism and astrology. These were all legitimized by the Talmud, although God's Law demanded the death penalty for anyone who practiced them, (See Lev. 20:276; Deut. 18:10-12).
In scathing manner, our Savior, Jesus the Christ, linked the Jewish Pharisees of His time with the Babylonian Red World Power to come and which His Kingdom would ultimately destroy. (Read Matt. 23:13-15; 31 -35). Christ went so far as to say that the converts of Judaism became "two*fold more a child of hell", than those who converted them, (see Matt. 23:15). You who are "hell bent" on defending Judaism
at all costs, think about this, for some day you will be held accountable before God, for defending His enemies. In fact, 2 John 10,11, indicates that if you help them in any way, you become "partaker in their evil deeds". Think about this the next time an abortion is performed by a Jewish doctor, in a Jewish owned abortion clinic.
The Talmud is probably one of the most pornographic sets of books in existence and under American Law, may not be sent through the mail. One of its books the SEDER TOHOROTH (meaning cleanness), deals exclusively with the (menstu-rant woman) and devotes 509 pages discussing smell, color, and examination by the Rabbis of menstruation, without any apparent medical or spiritual reasons. It deals with such things as "urinating off the roof" and illustrates Christ's accusation to the Pharisees in Matt. 23:24, that they "make clean the outside of the cup and the platter; but your inward part is full of ravening and uncleanness".
Keep in mind, that the TALMUD is supposed to be a religious book, and according to the dictionary "religious in the sense of defining and setting moral and character values". As you glance through it, you will see why Jesus characterized the Pharisees as Hypocrites".
The KETHUBOTH volume, which makes up two books of 728 pages, is filled with typical Talmudic sex-filth, going so far as to instruct a grown Jewish man in his right to have sex with a baby girl under three, and a Jewish mother to have sex with her son, under the age of nine.
The NEADARJM is 282 pages of further silly dirt and immorality.
The GITTIN covers divorce proceedings, while taking time out to consign Jesus and all Christians to eternity, standing up to their necks in "boiling excrete-ment".
The SEDER NEZIM, contains rabbinic ramblings on general Jewish law, which has as it's essence the legal permission for Jews to harm Gentile property while asserting that Gentile injury to a Jew, is a special insult to God.
The SANHEDRIN, made up of 781 pages, forms the chief repository of the criminal law of Jewry, including the choicest slanders against Jesus Christ and Christians. Such as that He "deserved stoning to death"; "He should be strangled in dung"; not because of any sin against God, but because of His blasphemy against the Pharisees. This is why Jews hate Him!
In the volume A BOD AH ZARAH, the rabbis teach that while adultery between grown persons is punishable by death, this excludes the minor, or the wife of a minor and he may commit adultery with his neighbor's wife.
Young children in Judaism may be the legitimate target of the pediophile, for the Talmud teaches that until a child reaches sexual maturity, capable of sexual intercourse, they do not rank as a person. Hence Biblical laws against sodomy (pederasty) do not apply if the boy is below nine years and one day old. It likewise teaches that under this age, intercourse with the mother or any grown woman is harmless. In SANHEDRIN 69b, the age is lowered by Rabbi Shammai in some cases to eight years.
The foul mother is regarded as pure in Jewish eyes, depending on the age of the child. Such degrading of children was typical of paganism throughout the ancient world.
In KETHUBOTH lib, we read: "When a grown up man has intercourse with a little girl it is nothing, for when the girl is less than three years old - it is as if one puts the finger in the eye - tears come to the eye again and again, so does virginity come back to me little girl under three years".
In SANHEDRIN 55b, we read: "A maiden aged three years and one day, may
be acquired in marriage by coition. .(Sexual intercourse).
In YEHOBOTH 60b, in the case of a baby girl who is not Jewish bom, she may be married to a grown priest; "one is fit for cohabitation who has attained the age of three years and one day" (YEHOBOTH 60b).
Although Moses was most specific in forbidding Israelite women to have intercourse with beasts, (see Lev. 20:16) and that priests may not marry women who have been prostitutes (Lev. 21:7). The Talmud puts it's seal of approval on this act by stating: "Unnatural intercourse does not cause a woman to be forbidden to marry a High Priest, since then, you would find no women eligible for marriage".
It teaches that intercourse with close family members is all right under certain circumstances, as is sex with a dead woman, which in most civilized countries today is considered as a crime.
You may feel that no one in your family who has been brought up under Christian teachings, would have anything to do with this rottenness. This shows how naive you are, for as they truthfully write: "Just as a dog can be trained, so a man or woman can be trained. . . Sexual lust, masochism (the obtaining of sexual pleasure through the inflicting of pain on your partner), and other desirable perversions (such as Sodomy), can be induced by pain-drug hypnosis, to the benefit of the Psychopolitical operator". Don't be so naive as to believe that you will be able to withstand the use of pain-drug-hypnosis, which could be used against you and your loved ones. It takes a special commitment to Jesus Christ as Lord and King to withstand the wiles of the "evil one", and the majority of Christians I have met during my travels would, I believe, take the "easy way out", and cooperate. That will happen, I'm sure, when the "Mark of the Beast", spoken about in Rev. 13:16 is brought into effect.
As Christians we have this clear warning in Rom. 12:2 - "Be not conformed I (shaped) to this world (order); but be ye transformed (changed) by the renewing of Ik your mind, that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable, and perfect will of I God". If you don't have the courage to stand up for Christ now, when you still have W some protection from the law, don't expect to do it when you come under persecu-tion.
I've trained young men in three big wars, and fought beside them in two of them. I have listened to the boasts of men in training, about the great feats they ^ meant to perform in combat, and almost without fail, those who sounded off about ■ their bravery, were the one's you could not find when the bullets began to fly. The W same is true with many professing Christians. They sing loud and lustily the great hymns of the church: "Faith of our father's living still, in spite of dungeon, fire and sword. How sweet would be their children's fate; if they, like them, could die for Thee. Faith of our father's, living faith; we will be true to Thee 'til death!" Then 1 have seen them come into a restaurant after church, and very few even honor their King enough to bow their heads and ask His blessing on the food. I have seen the pastors of the largest, most successful Fundamentalist church in town, as they attend a Rotary, or Lion's Club meeting, and laugh at the shady jokes which are often told. They would not consider saying anything that might upset other members, even though they knew it's their Christian duty to do so.
I well remember an incident that took place in Hot Springs, Arkansas, a number of years ago. Casino interests were trying to legalize the trade, which at that time was being carried on illegally at the Vapours Night Club. At a city meeting, the pastor of the largest Southern Baptist Church in the city, made an impassioned plea against the evils of organized gambling. The manager of the night club silenced him,
when he rose and said: "Pastor.. . if you want to close me down, keep your church members out of my club!" Wow! What an indictment!
How much persecution do you honestly believe church members such as this would withstand?
While speaking in Minneapolis a few years ago, on the dangers of Communism, an elderly lady came up to me after the meeting to say: "Brother Mohr, I believe everything you said tonight, but I'm bom again, you know, and I don't have to worry about things like that. Jesus will come back and RAPTURE mte away before things get all that bad!" Talk about being wrapped up in a sheet of "self-righteousness", that old sister was wrapped up in a "shroud". It was quite evident that she had never gone through any persecution because of her stand for Christ, and I doubt that she would have made that remark to a Russian Christian, who had seen his family brutally murdered by Jewish Communism.
Yet, this is one of the falsehoods being taught today in many Judeo-Christian churches, which has turned men and women from being soldiers of the King, into cowardly "foxhole dwellers", who hide in their spiritual foxholes, folding their holy hands in prayer, while they ask God to save them from the results of their Christian apathy!
When I think of the "milk sop, pabulum" being fed to many of our Christians congregations today, it makes me sick. Very few have gotten beyond the "pacifier stage" in their relations with the King. This is the reason Christianity is losing the war!
Today, the practices of the PSYCHOPOLITICIANS are openly practiced on the men and women in our "gulag" system. They are often decidedly inhumane, but they will excuse their excesses by saying: "It's for the good of all". Hogwash! They are all part of the Talmudic, United Nations, One Word Government plan of conquest!
How many of you know about the controlled experiments which are often carried out in the Public School, without your knowledge? The Bible speaks clearly about a "falling away from the faith, in these last days, and this happens when parents no longer show interest in the teaching of their children.
We are told in 2 Thessalonians 2:3, that Christ will not return until after this: "falling away" takes place, and warns Christians lest they be deceived by any means. He says: "... for that day (the day of Christ's Second Coming), shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin (who we call the anti-Christ) be revealed, the son of perdition!
The meaning of the words "falling away", comes from a Greek word which has been transliterated into the English word "apostacy", which means: "rebellion or defection from the truth!"
Dr. Gordon Gin, in his SMYRNA Bulletin, of Dec. 1996, (P.O. Box 451, Fortuna, CA 95540) gives this illustration which is all too common in the so-called Christian world: "On Sunday morning last, this writer and his wife walked from our Adult Sunday School Class room and were confronted by a large and beautiful Christmas tree, decorated with the integrated colors of ornaments and flashing lights. Thirty years ago, we would have rejoiced at the sight, as one of the artifacts celebrating the birth of our Savior. But now we know better. Instead of delight, our hears sank with the realization that Christian churches today, are oblivious to their participation in a pagan holiday, complete with all it's trappings. The one's who decorated our church tree, haven't a clue to the real meaning of this tree". Yet the Prophet Jeremiah referred to it as a heathen symbol, 2600 years ago. Listen to him
describe it in Jer. 10:3 - "For the customs of the people are vain: for one cuttelh a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe. They deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with mails and with hammers, that it moveth not... but they speak not, and needs must be borne, because they cannot go. Be not afraid of them; for they cannot do evil, neither is it in them to DO GOOD". How sad to see our King's birthday turned into a heathen celebration presided over by a fat little Jewish imp in a red suit, who we call Santa Claus, who wears a $ sign as a belt buckle and has completely taken over this Christmas holiday so that it is no longer proper to say Merry CHRISTmas. It has become HAPPY HOLIDAYS! The same is true of Easter!
I do not believe it is wrong to celebrate the King's birthday, although I sincerely doubt that it was on December 25the. After all, the Wise Men rode for weeks to bring gifts to the new bom King, and the Angels serenaded Him with heavenly song. But the manner in which we have allowed God's worst enemies to subvert our Christian Holidays is sad indeed!
What can you expect, when our pastors tell us these anti-Christ's are the "Apple of God's eye," who MUST be placed on a special pedestal in the church world, when they openly state that their plan is to destroy White Christian Civilization? How stupid and "brainwashed" can we become? No wonder the Jewish world openly refers to Christians as "stupid cattle".
What has happened to our Christmas and Easter celebrations, is a good example of PSYCHOPOLITICS in action.
The Psychopolitical operators in American have such mind control over American Christians that if you want people to get mad at you, preach on "lifestyles; haircuts; women wearing men's clothing; men who look like women; rock music and modesty". These are "no! no's!" in the Christian world today. This idea has so permeated the church world, that millions of people want Jesus as Savior, all right, but they want Him as a sort of Celestial Fire Insurance Policy to keep them out of hell. Few want Him as King. For when you accept Him as King, it means he takes first place in your life, and most Christians and their pastors do not want to give up "doing their own thing". Not judging, just "By their fruits shall ye know them.
The new psychopolitical approach that has been accepted by m * ly pastors uses essentially the same language as the old Gospel, while changing it's contents and misplacing it's emphasis!
We are not saved by keeping God's Law, but when we look at it, we immediately KNOW there is nothing we can do to save ourself. So we go scurrying to look for a place of safety, and are brought face to face with the only answer which is Jesus Christ.
The new psychopolitical religion does not oppose our sinful nature. It recognizes it as being universal an that it crops up in the best of families. So this new and false religion becomes a "friendly pal" which if understood properly can become the source of oceans of fun and enjoyment. The new teaching, allows sinful Adam to live without interference, which is exactly what he wants. It fits into the teachings of the psychopolitician, because it makes him a "moral weakling".
Going along hand in hand with the teachings of Secular humanism (the New World Order religion), is the teaching so prevalent in many churches which elevates God's worst enemies to a status of being Chosen People, even though their Savior, Jesus Christ, clearly stated that they were "not of His sheep," (John 10:26).
The preachers of the "new gospel" venerate these anti-Christ's, placing them on a pedestal even though they are warned in 2 John 10,11, that if they accept and
help any anti-Christ's, they "become partakers in their evil deeds".
Yet this teaching coming from supposedly Christian churches, is actually PSYCHOPOLITICS in action! It is designed to weaken the church and make it worthless as a force against the evil of the Talmudic One World Government. It has been cleverly and subtly introduced into the Christian church through Jewish influences in our seminaries.
Many of you can remember back to the old time evangelistic meetings, when SIN and sinners were named, and the preaching was hot! I can still hear the evangelist's scorching words, as he denounced the sins of smoking, drinking, skimpy bathing suits, and even Sodomy.
Today, in many churches, under the influence of the Psychopolitical operator, people are no longer SINNERS, today they are "mentally sick or disabled". You don't fill football stadiums preaching about SIN! and since much of the modem gospel is aimed at the finances necessary to keep a multi-million religious estab-lishment9operating, and allowing the preacher to live "high on the hog", it is natural, for them to "soft pedal" the things which natural man wants to do and make them appear acceptable in the eyes of God. Unfortunately, it doesn't work and our people are left spiritually weak and anemic, lacking in Christian patriotism. This is what the enemy desires. For once men and women have lost the spiritual spark, they can easily be led into the "slave pen". The idea that out there somewhere, are armed men and women, who love God, their people, their country and their family, and are willing to fight for what they KNOW is right, is too much for their narrow souls to comprehend, and it literally "scares the hell out of them!"
If by chance, a preacher has the "intestinal fortitude" to preach the Whole Counsel of God's Word to his people, and accosts the sinner and his sin, the church members, and other clergy, and of course the politicians and the controlled media, will accuse them of being "right-wing, anti-Semitic, hatemongers". This, whether they mention Jews and Judaism or not! I know, for I had it happen to me while I was still a Jew supporter!
In Jer. 23:22, we are told that if the pastors of the land will preach the "whole counsel" of God's Word, the people will turn from their wicked ways. This hasn't happened in America, indicating something terribly wrong with the preaching coming from pulpits. The psychopolitical operator rejoices when he can neutralize Christian leaders. That is part of his job.
When I was a boy, the fellow who loved God, his country, his people, and his family, and who was willing to fight for them, was the top man to be admired. Today, under Psychopolitical indoctrination, he is to be feared, as a "hate-monger-ing terrorist" who is a danger to all decent people.
As you read the Jewish/Communist textbook, you will see the influence of the Babylonian Talmud, which, according to Jewish authorities, is the "lifeblood of religious Jewry".
In this book, you find an absolute disregard for the rights of all men who are not Jews and only jews are considered as being human. The Talmud decrees "When Messiah (the international Jewish One World OrderO comes, ever Jew will have 2,000 goyim slaves". (The word GOYIM is a Yiddish word of contempt, meaning "non-Jew animal", you and I.)
This is the stated policy of Psychopolitics; to condition the country under Zionist/Communist assault, to the point where they collapse from within, through spiritual weakness.
For those of you Christians who refuse to believe that Psychopolitics is direct-
ly aimed at "true Israel" (the people we refer to today as Christendom), one needs only to study the prophecy of Gen. 49. This tells how each of the 12 tribes (nations) of Israel, will fare down through the ages. This prophecy could not possibly be true, if the tribes had become mixed up racially, as are the people of Jewry. Each was to be a separate nation in the "closing out days of this Age". It is because these nations have forgotten God and their family heritage, that the propaganda of the Jewish psychopoliticians has become so successful, and why today these Israel people are suffering as the result of their DISOBEDIENCE to God. The purpose of Talmudic propaganda is to bring about this disobedience, and they have been eminently successful, especially among our Israel youth.
The enemy know full well, that as long as the Israel nations OBEY God, they will be untouchable. In the wonderful 28the chapter of Deuteronomy, which deals with OBEDIENCE and DISOBEDIENCE of ISRAEL and it's results, we read in vs 8: "The Lord shall c;*use thine enemies that stand up against thee, to be smitten before thy face; they shall come out against thee one way, and flee seven ways." This has been true in the history of both Great Britain and the Untied States. When we were in relative obedience to God, we were successful in war, but under the influence of the Talmudic/Communist psychopolitical pressure, we have lost every war since World War II. Vs 10 says that when we are OBEDIENT to God, "All the people of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the Lord: and they shall be afraid of thee". (The people we know as Jews have never qualified here). Vs 11 continues this promise: "And the Lord shall make thee pentuous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of the ground, in the land which the Lord swear to give to your fathers". Some of you no doubt will say: "That refers to the Jews in the land of Palestine". Think again, my Christian friend, and review 2 Samuel 7:10, where God told King David that Israel would move to a new land, to an Appointed Place in the wilderness, where the time would come when they were no longer afflicted by the "children of wickedness". (To find out who these wicked people are, read Malachi 1:2-4).
Could these be the same as the one's referred to in John 8:44; Matt 23:15; John 10:26; and 1 Thess. 2:15? In spite of what Jack Van Impe and the La Londe brothers say to the contrary, I believe they are!
Our enemy is diabolically clever, since their knowledge comes from that "evil one". (John 8:44). They KNOW that if our Israel people disobey their God, they will come under His anger and be defeated. So their "pimps" in the pulpits do not tell their people that this same chapter in Deut. 28 which tells about the rewards for OBEDIENCE, has this to say, Vs 15 - "But it shall come to pass, if thou (Israel) will not hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to observe to do all His commandments and statutes... that all these curses shall come upon thee, and overtake thee". These curses are listed in vs 19-48 and are the same as those which are destroying "free" America in 1997.
How can they be avoided, when the pastors of most of our churches, preach the Jew tainted doctrine, that Jesus did away with God's Law on the cross, when both He and the Apostle Paul said in essence: "God forbid!" (Matthew 5:17-19; Romans 3:31).
The purpose of the enemy BRAINWASHING is to cause Israel to DISOBEY, so that she will be destroyed by God!
While Israel and most of Judah went into Assyrian captivity, those Judaites who lived in Jerusalem (they were not called JEWS, until their return from Babylon with a new-false occult religion), during their seventy years of captivity, became

rich and powerful and became known as JEWS. It was here that the Babylonian Banking system which is destroying American economically today, was spawned.
It was in Babylon, that the mammoth, Satanic, occult holy book of Judaism, known as the Babylon Talmud was begun about 500 B.C. and finished after 1,000 years, in the Jewish Seminary in Alexanderia, Egypt, about 500 A.D. This was a complete repudiation of the writings of Moses and was what Christ called the TRADITION OF THE ELDERS. His harshest denunciations came against this false teaching, which is the basis for Judaism today. (See Matthew 15:3; 8,9; Titus 1:10, 11; 14). While most Christians have been taught that the Jews follow the teachings of Moses, Christ exploded this in John 5:45, 46. When the Jewish religious leaders claimed that they followed Moses, He said: "Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye (say ye) trust. For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed Me; for he wrote of Me. But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe My words?" That seems mighty clear to me! I don't have to have someone with a D D. behind his name to explain its meaning! Do not confuse the TORAH, the writings of Moses with the TALMUD, they are dramatically different!
The next time some Judeo-Christian tells you that the Jews follow the teaching of Moses, remind them of this. Ask them who they are going tG believe, their Savior, or some preacher who according to the Scriptural account, is giving them false information?
We know that Babylon was not destroyed at the time of Nebuchadnezzar or his Son Belshazzar, about 538 B.C. although it was captured by the Medes, (See Dan. 5:30, 31). It remained the center of Jewish conspiracy under the Medes and after the time of Christ, there was a Christian church in Babylon (see 1 Peter 5:3).
From historical records we know that Babylon was a thriving metropolis and continued to be for hundreds of years as the center of world occultic teachings, which can be clearly seen in the Talmud and surfaces again in the Secret Societies of the Illuminatti and Free Masonry. Old Babylon finally faded and decayed, as power moved from that area.
But a new Babylon, spoken of in many places in the Bible came into power, and will be a world power when Christ returns.
The scriptures which speak of the New Babylon and its subsequent fall, indicate that the descendants of the ancient Jews will be living there alongside Christians.
We need to understand that modem "brainwashing" or Psychopolitics if you want to be professional about it, is the "brain child" of this evil Talmudic/Zionist system for world control. They have openly declared their intentions to "destroy White Christian Civilization, and wipe our God from the skies". Contrary to popular Christian belief, the Jews do not worship the same God we do! We know they cannot reach God, except through Jesus Christ, for He said: "No man cometh unto the Father but by Me," (John 14:6). But Billy Graham, Jerry Falwell, and Pope John Paul say they have a special dispensation from God and don't have to go through Jesus to reach Him!
The evil of this Jewish system can be seen in the means it uses to bring about obedience. In Russia, alone, it slaughtered over 64 million people. Millions of whom, were Christians. I could "gag" you if I told you about some of the means used by the Jewish commissars to murder our people. It makes their Holocaust of World War II pale by comparison.
Have you ever wondered why we continually have this atrocity cramiiw 1
■
n
down our throats, while we never hear our Christian pastors speak about the millions of Christians who have been tortured to death by Judaism? Long before the War Between the States, (our most costly in man power), a powerful Jewish Rabbi in Europe named Reichorn, speaking at the funeral of another Rabbi, in the Prague, said: "Wars are the Jews harvests. With them we kill off the Christians and gain control of their gold. We have already killed over 100 million of them, and the end is not yet". Can you imagine the furor that would be raised in our media, if a Christian leader made such a bold statement regarding Jews? All hell would erupt! But our Christian leaders say nothing.
What do you honestly believe would happen, if Christian leaders in America would demand that a CHRISTIAN HOLOCAUST MUSEUM were built in America, at taxpayers expense, to honestly show Jewish atrocities to Christians down through the ages. It seems mighty fair to me, but you know what would happen if it was even suggested! It wouldn't have the "chance of a snowball in hell", and the most vociferous voices raised against it, would come from so-called Christian sources! This is how far we have degraded under Jewish control!
Chapter VIII of PSYCHOPOLITICS deals with the measures used by the enemy to control our people: "Degradation and conquest must go hand in hand. In order for a country to be conquered, the nation MUST first be degraded, either by acts of war, by being overrun, or by being forced into humiliating peace treaties, or by the treatment of the populace under the armies of the conqueror".
Do you realize how near this country is to complete Jewish subjugation? We are being forced, bit by bit, through these stages of national degradation, and see our government, as they compromise now with anti-Christ, anti-American forces as never before in our history.
Bit by bit, the TRAITORS in our government are selling us out to the United Nations and it's Talmudic New World Order. Already our military has become subservient to it. I can no longer, in honesty, advise a young man to join the Armed Forces, for he will not be righting for his country, but under U.N. command and conceivable against his own people. The plan of the enemy is to mentally "browbeat" the good people (Christians) in America into a state of abject submission. They state: "Continued and constant degradation of national leaders, institutions, practices, and national heroes must be systematically carried out". This is cleverly done by the Jew controlled media, in the Public School system, and sadly enough, often in the Christian church.
The enemy knew that by attacking the character and morals of Christian people in particular, and by bringing about a general contamination of our youth, they would bring about a universal feeling of defeat.
In spite of the glowing accounts coming form the media, most people look at life in 1997 with a gloomy view. In spite of favorable "opinion polls", which are almost always conducted by Psychopoliticians, the general attitude of our people is decidedly negative.
It haS been proven, over and over again, that during time of war, and I'm thinking primarily of the wars in Korea and Vietnam, when a man was taken prisoner, he could expect to be abused, degraded and reduced to a position where the slightest motion on the part of his captors would cause him to obey, even the most outlandish orders! I saw this often when dealing with Korean POW's. This enemy pressure also has a marked effect on his loyalty and beliefs. Only the very strong survived with honor.
We found that during these two extremely brutal wars, that our POW's were
often physically and mentally tormented and that only those men who had strong moral, and usually Christian backgrounds, were able to withstand. The "mamma's boy type" didn't have a chance. I remember investigating the death of a young American POW, who had died after only a few days of captivity. He had not been tortured, or especially mistreated, but his cell mates said that when he looked at the terrible food served the prisoners, very possibly smelly fishheads, in a thin rice soup, he said: "My mamma never made me eat slop like that and I ain't starting now!" He curled up in a comer in his blanket and three days later he was dead. There was not a bruise on his body. He willed himself to die!
It was discovered by the enemy, that if they deprived our men of food, and what they served was not fit to eat, for weeks on end, by keeping him awake at nights with loud music and harsh lights, by making him live in his own body filth, by frequent beatings and worse, that the slightest gesture by his captors would turn some men into a state of shock and bring about complete compliance with their every demand, even to making treasonous statements against their own country.
The men who stood tall, and said: "Nothing you little S.O.B.'s do to me will get me to obey unlawful commands," were usually those who came from Christian homes, and who had a strong moral background.
Conditions in the POW camps were not like those shown on the popular TV shows featuring a camp run by some Col. Klink and a dumb, fat, good natured German sergeant. They were tough, mean, inhuman places.
It is interesting to note that during the Korean War, with which I am the most familiar, our men suffered terribly at the hands of the North Korean barbarians who were often viciously cruel. But under the Chinese, there were few evidences of physical brutality. Instead they used sophisticated methods of Psychopolitics, hypnosis, drugs, deprivation of sleep and food. The head Chinese Interrogator during these terrible days, was a Lieutenant Colonel, who had received a Ph.D. in Psychology from U.C.L.A.
They followed the Psychopolitical principle that: "The first thing to be degraded in any nation under conquest ios the state of man himself". They knew that nations with a high ethical tone (especially Christian) would be difficult to conquer. They knew that the spiritual integrity of those men could not be violated by force. They knew it would not be efficient to attack a country such as America, when we had this Christian "frame of mind". So they set about attempting to degrade our people. Why is it, do you suppose,, that the national thinking of America has plummeted from the high point of a Patrick Henry who would shout: "Give me liberty or give me death!: to the sniveling cries of the National Council of Churches, whose motto seems to be: "It's better to be Red than dead!" We have seen the statemanship of America's leaders degenerate from the high point of the Monroe Doctrine, which a few years ago protected the Western Hemisphere from outside aggression, to the low degree of "chickenship", shown by our National leaders when we relinquished control over the Panama Canal?
Already, during the Korean War, the Talmudic poison of world Zionism was doing it's evil work, as our American forces, for the first time in our proud history, came under foreign command. Every order that went to our field Commander, General Walton Walker, first had to go from the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to the Secretary of Military and Political Affairs of the United Nations, who at that time was a Russian General. I have sat in on many weekly briefings and heard General Walker say: "How can I fight this blankety blank war, when the enemy knows what I am going to do before I do?" That was TREASON, and only General MacArthur

had the guts to buck it with the only winning effort at Ouijong'bu, where he instituted his attack without first notifying the Joint Chiefs of Staff. This got him fired by President Thiman. (Warning to all Christian patriots, don't buck the New World Order!)
American actions in both Korea and Vietnam could not have been possible without TREASON in the highest levels of our government, brought about by Psychopolitical efforts since 1936 and greatly increased in 1997. Today, all evidence points to the fact that President Clinton has sold out to NWO/Zionist interests.
As the enemy intensifies their "long range plan" to degrade America and the other Israel nations of Christendom, in particular, lowering us form a high spiritual pattern, to an animalistic, Secular Humanist pattern which can be controlled, they will be following their concept which said: "They must no longer think of themselves and their fellows as capable of spiritual endurance or nobility".
The evolutionary theory was introduced into our Education System for this purpose, for if our youth can be taught that they are only "high level animals", with an animalistic reaction pattern, then they can be controlled like animals, When you couple this poison with the Secular Humanist teaching that man can better himself and achieve self-fulfillment without God, it flies in the face of such scriptural truth as that found in Psalm 14:1 which says: "The fool hath said in his heart, there is no God. They are all corrupt, they have all done abominable (humanistic) works, there is none that doeth good. . . They are all gone aside, they are all altogether become (morally) filthy; there is none that doeth good, no not one!" (See also Romans 3:10-12). This is the spiritual definition of men and women who are under the control of the New World Order religion of Secular Humanism. Once you can demonstrate to people that they are only a mechanism of flesh and blood, without any individuality, who is at the mercy of their environment, without the power of make personal decisions, then you can control this person. I saw a personal example of this a few years ago, when I was lecturing at Ohio State University in Columbus, on the subject of Abortion. During the Question and Answer period, a strikingly beautiful girl, who was prominent in student politics, stood up and said: "If we can't have abortion or contraceptives, how are we going to stop the population explosion?" When I asked her if she had ever heard of a thing called "self-control" you would have thought from the crowd reaction that I had slapped her face. Here were several hundred young Americans, about to step into adulthood, who had been told that their reactions were due to their environment, and that they had no control over them. (Later I found that she was head of a student organization that was protecting baby seals in Newfoundland. Isn't it strange, the mental state they had placed her in, where she would protect baby seals, but see nothing wrong in murdering baby humans?. This is Psychopolitics in action!
Secular Humanism, as taught by the media, the School System, and in many churches, purports to show that when men and women rebel against the State in any way, or for any reason, they are "neurotic or actually insane and need mental treatment". The Judeo-Christian churches love to harp on Romans 13:1 - "Let every soul be subject to the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that we are ordained of God". They love this, but seldom mention what the Apostle Peter told the Jewish authorities when in Acts 4:17 these authorities said: "but that it (the teaching of Christianity) spread no more among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name (Jesus)".
In vs 1, we have Peter's answer:	.	.	Whether it be right in the sight of God
to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak the
things which we have seen and heard". So after threatening them, they let them go!
Enslavement of any people will fail, when those who dare to call themselves Christian learn that OBEDIENCE TO GOD MUST COME BEFORE OBEDIENCE TO MEN, and that this OBEDIENCE is necessary for VICTORY!
When man abides by God's laws instead of those of tyrants, it often sets the stage for rebellion such as we saw in 1775, when the watchword was: "RESISTANCE TO TYRANNY, IS OBEDIENCE TO GOD!" (Given a little leeway, this is true!)
The New World Order cannot allow this to happen, if it is to be successful in the subjugation of our people. Remember, their target date for world takeover is the year 2000, which is less than three short years away. Unless rebellious, God-fearing men and women are stamped out, the Global Plantation of World Zionism can never take over. We are their target!
It is the task of the Psychopolitical operator to degrade the moral status of our people, and with the cooperation of crooked politicians, educators, and often churchmen who are more interested in One World Unity, than in the freedom of our people, this has become a distinct possibility.
I can see this vividly in my Prison Ministry which operates in 106 prisons in 26 sates, where there is an obvious move under way to drive a wedge between White and minority groups and cause friction which they believe will erupt into a "racial war" which will bring the New World Order into world control.
A few years ago a Supreme Court Judge, a Jew, and a political appointee of the liberal "left", decreed that prison cells must be "integrated", since this would "lessen racial tensions". Authorities and inmates alike know that it increases tensions. But few authorities have the courage to speak up about it. It has been a thorn in the side of our White Christian Identity men, who believe God's admonition to "come out from among them and be separate", and they are often forced to cell with a heathen who hates them, their God, and is a homosexual, to boot! No wonder they complain to me!
The Psychopoliticians have been trying to "mongrelize" America through "miscegenation" for decades, for they know that history teaches, that mongrelize people are always easier to control. So they cater to the minorities with their "sons and dance", that we "Must take from the haves, and giver to the have nots," whether they deserve it or not!
This tactic was exposed in 1957, when a book written by one of England's most prominent Jewish Communist leaders, Israel Cohen, was introduced to our Congress. It was tided A RACIAL PROGRAM FOR THE 20THE CENTURY. Excerpts from it can be found in the U.S., Congressional Record of 1957, page 8559. (It is available from the U.S. Printing Office in Washington, D.C.).
Cohen states: "We must realize that our Party's most powerful weapon is racial tension. By pounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by the Whites, we can mold them to the program of Communism. (Now the Zionist New World Order). The terms colonialism and imperialism must be featured in our propaganda. In America, we will aim for a subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro against the Whites, we will endeavor to instill in the Whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negro".
This took place recently when the Southern Baptist Convention made a public apology to the Black of America, because some of their forefathers, over 200 years ago, had slaves. It interested me to note that this statement carefully avoided the truth that Blacks in Africa, were sold to Jewish slave traders in Africa by Black
chiefs, for rum distilled in Jewish owned distilleries in New England; were shipped to America under incredibly cruel conditions in Jewish owned slave ships; and were ! sold in Jewish owned slave markets in America, by mostly Jewish auctioneers. Was this truth kept out of the SBC apology for some reason? Evidently!
Cohen went on to say: "We (Jews) will aid the Negros to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions, and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige and wealth, they will be able to inter-marry with the Whites and begin a process which will deliver America to our cause".
What better example of this than the sad tale of O.J. Simpson, who rose to prominence and wealth in the field of sports, to where he owned a lovely home in an exclusive White neighborhood, joined an exclusive White Country Club, married a beautiful, but stupid White woman and you know the results.
This sad situation is being repeated over and over, as decent White Christians are being seduced by the alluring Secular Humanist Gospel, of the "Fatherhood of God, and the brotherhood of all men", into breaking God's laws against "miscegenation".
Psychopoliticians, in order to be successful, must seek on every hand, all levels of youth who have any leadership potential, and according to their own testimony, if these cannot be molded to their plans, they must be destroyed. These could be your children, especially if they are away from your influence in college.
It has been proven over the past 2,000 years, that the influence of "true Christians" (and by this I mean Scripturally based Christianity, not just those who believe in God), is the most ennobling influence which can effect any country. It began with old Israel, and strong efforts have been made ever since, to destroy it's influence, through the controlled media, in education nand even in many churches. This can only be done when men and women are seduced into believing that they are not very important i God's plan.
When men and women believe in a life in the hereafter and believe they will be held accountable for their life here on earth, they become more patriotic and certainly braver, for they believe Jesus when He said in Matt. 10:28 - "And fear not them that can kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul..."
This is the "Faith of our fathers", which in spite of "dungeon, fire, and sword," remained firm to their God and defied death! You can't defeat men and women with this kind of faith!
So it becomes the responsibility of the Psychopolitician to question and bring to the attention of the authorities, any family, or person that is deeply religious, especially if it seems to effect their attitude towards government. This applies especially to the Christian Patriot. This is why "true Christians are ridiculed by the media, in our school system and often in the church. The Billy Graham type, who compromises with all so-called Christian beliefs, who is loved by everybody and who no speaks evil of, is mentioned by Jesus in Luke 6:26.
There has been a plan underway in the field of psychology, to make "old fashioned, genuine Christianity" synonymous with "neurosis and psychoses" and plays directly into the hands of the Psychopolitician.
The BRAINWASHING MANUAL, on p. 44 says: "By perverting the institutions of a nation (school, church, and home) and bringing about a general degradation (meaning dishonor or contempt), by interfering with the economics of a nation, (which has certainly been done by the Jew controlled Federal Reserve System) to the point where privations come about, (and in spite of the glowing reports in the media, reliable sources say we have more really poor people in the U.S. now than
at any time in our history), only a minor shock will be necessary to produce, in the populace as a whole, an obedient reaction or hysteria. Thus, the mere threat proves this by the phrase they coined: "It's better to be Red, than dead!"). Can you imagine what would happen if a small nuclear weapon was set off in one of our metropolitan areas, with a few thousand deaths? There would be immediate panic, and a call on the part of many so-called Christians, for our government to do anything necessary for their survival, even if it meant giving up their freedom. Benjamin Franklin knew whereof he spoke when he said: "He that loves security more than freedom, deserves neither." These sad folks cannot understand why some of us would rather "die on our feet, than live on our knees!" But the mental mindset of surrender, is what the Psychopoliticians have sought in American, and they are willing to use any means, to bring about their desired end.
Here is their philosophy, taken from their own textbook: "Psychopolitics should avoid murder and violence, unless it can be done in the safety of an institution on persons who have proven to be insane". (Their definition, of course. To the Psychopolitician, you are automatically considered insane, if you believe in God).
Would this idea of murder, if it is safe, have anything to do with the large number of individuals connected with PResident Clinton's escapades who have had unexplainable deaths? Over forty now, I believe.
As the result of this kind of thinking, the Talmudic doctrine of "the end justifies the means", when anyone questions the actions of a "traitor in high office", or in the media, the schools system, or the church, they immediately become suspect themselves, and are often attacked as being "mental unstable". There is an old Communist cliche which says: "paranoia is the condition where an individual believes he is being attacked by communism". This was the powerful weapon used to discredit Senator Joseph McCarthy, when a few years ago, he attempted to rout out the Communists in our government. He was considered insane by many, although many of his predications have since been proven true.
As a result of this kind of controlled thinking, any whisper, any pamphlet, any book, any speech given in public, and sometimes in private conversation, which will alert the people to the harmful actions of our enemy, is immediately "laughed to scorn", by the media, and very possibly branded as insane. If he is taken into custody by the government, drugs will often be used on him to confirm his insanity.
This is a tough game we are engaged in, my "children", it is not some child's game! It's "hardball!"
In the field of public education, legislative practices have encouraged the teaching of Psychology as a MUST. This has been very subtly changed to bring about enemy desire in the minds of our youth.
One of the most horrible aspects of this Satanic, anti-Christ force, is the methods used to recruit people into the field of "mental health". By promising youth unlimited sexual opportunities, by promising them complete domination over the minds and bodies of their helpless victims without fear of detection, the worst perverts can and are often enticed into the field of Psychology.
That some of these unwilling victims will be insane, or will be driven into insanity by the Psychopolitician's efforts, will ensure that they will execute destructive projects without question, without fear of death, and with no trouble with their conscience. The "Manchurian Candidate syndrome", is not a far fetched fantasy, but reality!
This mental mind-set can be seen among many of the Middle East terrorists, who are taught that their deaths, will ensure their entrance into paradise. It's almost
I
impossible to stop someone in this "frame of mind".
I believe the primary project of the Psychopolitician is to destroy any Christian group, that will not bow the knee to their new One World Religion. I can assure you that it will not be Christian, or a Biblical system, even though it will be under Talmudic control, it will not worship the Creator most of us worship and call God!
It will not be the Hebrewism of the Old Testament. Things now unfolding indicate that it will be the worship of Lucifer who Judaism considers to be the most honored of God's two sons. The "Black sheep" is Jesus.
It is known that in traditional civilized nations, and by this I refer to the nations of Christendom, that mental healing has always been the God given task of the clergy. A mind beclouded with sin cannot receive healing until the sin is removed, and only Christianity holds the key to this. This is another reason we are the Number One enemy of the New World Order. Sick minds are to their benefit!
The enemy says: "Today in Europe and America, scientific practices in the field of mind control would not last moments if not enforced entirely by officialdom".
Since they believe this, every effort is made on the part of the authorities to keep hidden form the general public, the fact that incidents of insanity increase dramatically under government scientific practice. This is as planned!
As a result, we see in the media, among educators, and even in the church, the false assertion that it is the "pace of modem living" which causes neuroses, when in actuality, it is sin! This information must be kept from the general public, for the enemy knows that only "true Christianity" has the answer.
There are many Scriptures which attest to this. In Isaiah 57:20, 21 we read: "But the wicked (those who break God's Law) are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt. THere is no peace, saith the Lord, to the wicked". In Proverbs 4:19, we read again: "The way of the wicked is as darkness, they know not at what they stumble". The anti-Christ's do not want our people to know that "peace of mind", can only be obtained through OBEDIENCE to God!
In their manual, p. 51, they state: "Given the slightest encouragement, public support will swing immediately to place 'mental healing' in the hands of the churches (Christians)". They know that Christ is the only one who can heal sick minds and keep men and women out of their evil clutches.
They do not want sick people made well, for mentally disturbed people fit better into their plans for the World Plantation. Therefore, all efforts by Christianity to help men and women mentally, MUST be swept aside, unless they are under STate supervision.
They readily admit that when they took over control of Russia during the Bolshevik Revolution, that they destroyed all religious faiths, concentrating on wiping our Christianity as the most dangerous to their plans.
Let me call to your attention, that their plan t destroy Christ's church, which has resulted already in the deaths of tens of millions of Christians, was carried out for the most part under the conspiracy of those you Judeo-Christians call God's Chosen people.
The enemy state in their textbook: "You must recruit every agency of the nation marked for conquest into a foaming hatred of Christianity. You must suborne district attorneys and judges into an intense belief. . . that Christian practices are vicious, bad, insanity causing, publicly hated and intolerable". This is their present
agenda, being carried out by their controlled media.
Their final agenda has been laid down in these words:
"We have battled in America since the centuries turn against any and all Christian influences, and we are succeeding. While we today seem to be kind to Christians, we have yet to influence the Christian world to our aims. When we have done this, we will have an end to them everywhere. . .
"You MUST work until Christianity is synonymous with insanity. You must work until the officials of city, county and state governments will not think twice before they pounce on a Christian group as public enemies.
"We MUST be like a vine upon a tree. We must use the tree to climb, and then, strangling it, grow to power on the nourishment of its flesh.
"We must strike from our path any opposition. We must use for our authority, any tools which come to hand, and at last, the decades sped, we can dispense with any authority but our own ".
Is this what you want for America? The New World Order target date is 2000, according to their open declaration. That's awfully close! Will you go supinely to an awful doom as slaves, without a fight, or will you as Christians, rise up in the power which can only come from God, to defeat this menace to God and mankind?
For those of you in the Christian church who have been taught that there will be a RAPTURE, before things get that bad, let me ask you: "Do you honestly believe that God will rescue you, who most of your life have been an easy going, self-satisfied Christian who has never suffered for Him, when millions have given their lives in His cause. How can you, a Christian who has never suffered for Him, expect to be saved from persecution? I wonder how many of you who believe this would be willing to share this information with a Christian brother from Russia, who had seen his family terribly tortured and murdered. You might expect a mighty unpleasant experience at his hands and rightly so! I'm completely "fed up" with "foxhole Christians", who retreat to their comfortable spiritual fox holes while the battle rates, fold their holy hands in prayer, as they ask God to rescue them from the results of their own Christian apathy.
Remember this, you complacent, self-satisfied Christians. The forces of the anti-Christ already control a major portion of the inhabited areas of the world. The White nations of Christendom are their only remaining enemies. Why do you support a church which teaches the falsehood that God's worst enemies are the "Apple of His eye?" When He said: "Ye are not of my sheep," (John 10:26)? Maybe you and your pastor need to meditate on 2 Chron. 19:2 - "Shouldest thou help the ungodly? and Love them that hate the Lord? therefore is wrath upon thee from before the Lord".
The time has come when if we are to remain free, Christians, White Christians in particular, are going to have to return in OBEDIENCE to God's Word, whether we like it or not!
We already have a FORMULA FOR SURVIVAL which will work. It is found in 2 Chron 7:14 - "If My people, which are called by My name (Christian), will HUMBLE themselves and PRAY, and SEEK My face, and TURN from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will FORGIVE their sins, and will HEAL their LAND. But we MUST be willing to abide by its provisions, before it will work!"