Christian Separatist Church Society
Dr. V.S. Herrell, Ch.,D.	P.O. Box 188
Pastor	Kodak, TN 37764-0188
11/12/95
To the honorable Richard G. Butler,
Dearly beloved,
I write to you with the greatest comradeship and abiding admiration. All of the brotherhood pray diligently for our beloved first lady of the National Socialist State. I humbly request that you bid her the love and admiration from all the brotherhood, and tell her how dear we hold both of you to our Aryan hearts.
First, let me explain that some of the materials I scanned for Brother Nelson were returned to him along with the scanned material. I had a very hard time locating the remainder in that it was boxed up and put in storage. So please forgive the delay. I assure you that it was not intentional or slothful.
While I have your ear, I would like to take this occasion to tell you how much you are loved and appreciated among the brotherhood. You have valiantly stood when no one else would and preached the sanity and the truth of Christian National Socialism. You have declared the anointing of the Christian man Adolf Hitler and the Spirit of Elijah and the fire of Jeremiah that without question was in his immortal bones.
Yet, beloved, I feel that you have become a victim of circumstance. You have without doubt been and are the greatest soldier of National Christian Socialism in the latter part of the 20th century. And so it is my desire to do my best to communicate to you where I believe the revolution of Almighty God must go. There are two points that God has now shined His light upon that must be clearly addressed in this hour.
The first point is the Jewish theory of eschatology known as premillennialism. It was conceived by Jews and forced upon the American white man by Jews. It is pure Jewish escapism under the guise of apostate religion that holds out a false hope of a false escapism from reality that has demoralized and rendered the white wing impotent of its power. The truth is very simple. Jesus Christ told that generation that He would return in that generation. To those who looked for Him would He appear the second time. Matthew 24 is therefore His credentials for being the true Anointed One of Israel and God in the flesh. Jesus Christ was therefore a true prophet. Everything that He said happened, which is proven historically, and the demolished temple of Jerusalem is an everlasting testimony to the truth of His identity. He destroyed those people who had turned their government over to Edomite mongrels and he established in that generation the Anointed Nation of the Aryan Nations and the everlasting Government of His Church, composed only of those called out to His Government. More than this, He returned in the person of God the Holy Spirit or as we Separatists say the Mentality of Separation, in the flesh of His called out ones. Thus, John would define for us an antichrist as anyone who would teach that Jesus Christ did not return in the flesh of His flesh and the bone of His bone. The reason that our people do not come to the sanity of
1
National Socialism is because they refuse to accept the responsibility of real Christian stewardship. They refuse to understand that the Government of God is Christ in you, the hope of glory. The Jews have preached lies. They have infiltrated the white wing with their Jewish fables and God has allowed it that they be sent strong illusions, that many of them would believe a lie and be damned. Beloved, Jesus that is the Holy Spirit of Jesus, the Mind of Christ, is here. He is in you, He is in me, and to all white men who will believe His Word, as He was in Adolf Hitler. Premillennialism is the greatest lie that the devil has ever conceived to divert the white man’s attention from living in the reality of this world and fighting for his racial survival. I pray that you will acknowlege that Christ has returned on the day of Pentecost in the hearts and minds of His chosen people and that He did rule and reign in the city of David in the persons of His Holy Apostle. I beg you to walk in the light as God has so favorably given us the light in this hour of destiny. I beg you to speak with one voice with the brotherhood as we repeat the truth of God’s Word. Let this be your finest hour. Stand with the brotherhood as we go forward to clean the Jews out of the white wing.
In addition to this point, I would tell you that you cannot make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear. You cannot allow Jews, mongrels, or even those mongrelized in their mind to have any governmental authority in the Church of the Living God, for no mongrel shall enter into the Government of God. This would include alliances with atheists, for what is a Jew except a religious atheist. In my view, today, we stand in the same circumstances as Adolf Hitler. Hitler was fighting Karl Marx and the atheistic communists. They were more fiercely anti-semitic in the building of their communist party than any of the National Socialists. Karl Marx was not a self-hating Jew, he simply tried to steal and divert the white men from National Socialism by claiming to be anti-Jewish. Many of the atheistic organizations who cater for Jewish money are a clear parrallel to Karl Marx’s communist party. These bastards do not love the white race because they do not love Jesus Christ. It is beyond my understanding why you would make alliances with god-hating, atheistic scum who behind your back tear down everything you have stood and worked for. These atheistic bastards are not your friends or comrades. You stand and preach the truth that Abraham was not a Jew and they go behind your back and call you a liar. If you don’t believe me, I have recorded tapes to prove what I am telling you. The next point that I feel that you need to address is the issue of maladjustment or universal salvation. Just because people are born with the white birthright to be adjusted in the peace of God, that does not mean that all white people have bent the knee to the Lord Jesus Christ in obeying His Word. Bertrand Comparet did well in addressing this issue in his booklet, Is it Enough to be an Israelite?
Finally, I would tell you that our job right now is to raise up the shepherds to stand without compromise on the truth of God’s Word and train the leaders who shall form the Government of Christ on this earth. If Christ is not coming back, and how could He since He is already here and He never promised that He would, then the focus of the Church must be upon building a National Christian Socialist state, based upon the true racial message of God’s Word, for we are in the business of training the shepherds and the God of Heaven will drive the sheep of our people into our fold, just as soon as the niggers begin burning the cities and America is declared bankrupt and the Jews seek to make an international state out of America and Canada and set themselves up as peacemakers of the UN. Beloved Pastor, you know that these things are just before us. You know that Dan Gayman is an antichrist traitor and so is Barley. You know that
2


Jewish ascetism is against God’s Word. You know that the only answer for the survival of the white race is National Christian Socialism. I beg you to declare yourself on these matters. Stand with the brotherhood, your true comrades that truly love you. Look on us as the SS, the very living extension of the German Christian Faith Movement. In closing, I would ask that if you would allow us Christian Separatists to use the AN facilities for a strictly Christian Separatist conference. We would organize our own agenda and programs. I am merely asking for your mind on this. In addition to this, I would ask, would you be willing to join us as our honored guest and as an honored speaker when and if we organize such a gathering. Without controversy, you are the greatest of our National Socialist brothers, and I pray by this letter that I make you a better Christologist.
In unpretended racial brotherly love and abiding admiration, I bid you seven words, Worship of God through service to race. Your servant in the Mentality of Separation and for the Anointed Nation of the Aryan Nation, your son in the Spirit,
Pastor V.S. Herrell
Hail the impending victory of God’s chosen people.