The
Justification
Of God
By
Pastor V.S. Herrell
The First Principles of the Justification . of God
By
Pastor V.S. Herrell
Prepared by The Evangelistic Committee of the Christian Separatist Church P.O. Box 188 Kodak, TN 37764
Published by:
Herrell Brothers Publishing House POB 130, Kodak, TN 37764 © 1996, Herrell Brothers Publishing House
1
There are two questions that must be answered in order to understand what the Bible actually teaches regarding the subject of Bible justification. The first question is, What is the meaning of the Greek word dikaiosune which is translated as justice or justification in the AST but which is popularly mistranslated with the theological euphemism righteous or righteousness? Dikaiosune and those words related to it are actually a group of legal terms. Dikaiosune relates the thoughts and decisions of a judge.
In the Classical, Attic Greek, dikaiosune was used for the adjustment to the justice of Solon. In the 5th century B.C., Solon presented a group of legislation to the Athenians. Herodotus tells us that the Athenians accepted his laws and abolished all previous laws; they also agreed that only Solon could change his laws. Solon then left for ten years so the laws would remain unchanged. Thus, dikaiosune was used in characterizing Solon as a judge and lawmaker. Josephus and Philo use the phrase dikaiosune theu or the justice of God. Josephus sees the noun as the state of being adjusted to the law, in the same way that the Athenians were forced to adjust to the thoughts and judgments of Solon since he left and his laws could not be revoked. Thus, the core concept behind dikaiosune is adjustment, and therefore, justification is the adjustment to the justice of God. Plato had used the word in this sense but it was Josephus who used the word as justification and showed that there could be a legal retribution for a failure to adjust to the law.
Thus, the concept is both a source of blessing and a source of cursing. Philo used dikaiosune as a divine attribute. God is the standard for justification and justice, rather than being a subject of it. It is important to remember that the thinking of Philo most closely represented the theology of the
2
Israelites in dispersion and that the Apostle Paul, perhaps the best educated man of his day, had certainly read Philo. It may be argued to a moral certainty that the Apostle Paul uses dikaiosune or the word justice in his writings to carry the same meaning and understanding that Philo and the translators of the Greek Septuagint employed.
Thus, I cannot overemphasize the importance of understanding that the only Scriptures that Jesus Christ and the Apostles recognized to be Scripture was the Greek Septuagint. Moreover, the internal evidence of the Greek New Testament provides indisputable proof of the Separatist understanding of the Greek word dikaiosune to mean justice and to be used in reference to the most supreme and divine attribute of the Living God. Time and space will not permit a full discussion on the importance of the Greek language to the white Christian, but I highly recommend the reading of David Tate’s book, The Septuagint vs. The Masoretic Text, which defines and brings understanding to the issue. I might add that all Separatist literature should be read for greater clarification on other Greek concepts and issues. But in this work, I am primarily concerned with discussing the justice of God and hope to bring a greater understanding of our Heavenly Father’s just judgments to His chosen people.
The second question that men must answer from the Scriptures is of equal and paramount importance to understanding the Scriptures, for the Scriptures demand the asking of the question: Upon what grounds does the Bible affirm the ungodly to be just? If the answers to these questions are found to be much the same as those realized and provided by many of the reformed churches then we should realize that the Bible is consistent in giving its revelation to God’s people. Moreover, we should be
thankful as white men that God is still in the business of governing His people and that all of the religious sophistry and false justification systems that have perverted Christianity into Jewish Socialism cannot in truth change the everlasting laws of God nor the wonderful message of the favor of God towards God’s people.
The Apostle Paul, in expressed and certain terms, emphatically states that God Almighty imputes justice or righteousness to failures or sinners in Romans 4:6-24. By righteousness, we mean that which makes a man just and that which meets the demands of the just law of God. Now one of the problems that creates stumbling blocks to the understanding of a true Christology is the failure, and I should say, often willful failure, of men to understand what the Apostle Paul means in his arguments when he makes reference to the Law of God. But for clarification, I will say here in the beginning of this discourse that Paul is not arguing with mongrel Jews. Paul was an adamant Christian Socialist.
Therefore, it becomes important for the Bible student to understand clearly that Paul is making his arguments from the book of Genesis. When Paul argues law, he is not arguing the Mosaic insertion or the Mosaic administration of the principles of the law. Paul is arguing that the law that Adamic men failed to keep and in so doing brought about their unjust and sinful estates and rendered them on the same par as natural men, without intellectual integrity and dishonorable before the Living God, were the laws of Divine Establishment and Order. In plain language, Paul saw in the book of Genesis, at least in principle, all of the governing laws of Almighty God. Paul saw every principle of just law that Moses later built his system upon in the Book of Genesis.
4
So Paul is not arguing with Jews in their contentions to reestablish the failed economy and system of the Mosaic administration of the law; the Christian argument is that it is God’s will to return the Adamic society of men back to the way it was in the beginning, for as it was in the beginning, so shall it be in the end, says the Scripture. Paul does not attack the justice of the Mosaic administration, he simply recognizes it for what it was. It was a shadow of better things to come. It was a time of disciplining to preserve the racial integrity of God’s people. But it was also an utter failure. So Paul does not waste his time arguing with Jews who wanted to maintain and today want to re-institute a failed society. But, rather, Paul argues the truth of Jesus Christ that goes right to the source of the everpresent problems of the white race.
There are two popular extremes in men’s theology, both exercises in self-justification and will-worship, when it comes to the subject of what men believe the Apostle Paul to mean when he uses the term “the law” or “justice” of God. There is, first, the extreme of the Judaizer, who, like the Jews of old, is religious, but his religion is predicated upon a system of self-justification. Such a person is deceived by Jews and finds himself theologically and politically in bed with the Jews before long because his understanding of how one becomes just before a Just God, that is restored to intellectual integrity and honor, is flawed and confused by Jewish propaganda. It is to be remembered that the nation of Judea rejected the necessity of claiming the blood of Jesus Christ for forgiveness of sin or for restoration to divine nature. They did so by choosing to follow the atheistic Jewish Talmudists.
The Judaizer has always sought to come in and spy out the liberty of the Christian state, and the more degenerated the world society has become and
the more prevalent that the degeneration Jewish Socialism has taken root, the more degenerated has the Jew rendered Christianity in the creation of Judeosim which has sought to attach itself to the Identity movement. If a man cannot be justified by keeping the law of Moses, or, for that matter, pagan philosophies, and the Bible teaches that His only hope of regeneration is the blood of Jesus Christ, as it is the blood of Jesus Christ only that can cause the unregenerate man to become adjusted to the just judgments of the Living God and restored to Godly honor, then before a man becomes religious, he is required by the Word of God to be adjusted to the Justice of Christ.
If a man is therefore justified by the life and death of Jesus Christ, then the question becomes, what necessity is there for him to seek to reestablish the Mosaic economy? If Christ was the fulfillment of the type and shadow and pattern of the Mosaic economy and Christ has claimed the right to rule and reign the Government of God, then it becomes self-evident that those justified in the blood of Christ are obligated by that blood Covenant to obey the teachings of Christ’s Government, irrespective of what may have been taught in the Mosaic economy. Paul taught that those who claimed a justification by keeping the law of Moses were fallen from the favor of God and that the blood of Jesus Christ was of no effect or avail to them. It, therefore, becomes self-evident that one cannot be a Christian and seek to reestablish the Mosaic economy at the same time. One cannot teach a circumcision of the heart and the Mosaic requirement of the circumcision of the penis at the same time.
One cannot teach the keeping of the Passover at the expense of the celebration of the resurrection of the Son of God. One is either a Christian, ruled and reigned by Christian law, and thereby adjusted to
6
the just judgments of the laws of divine establishment and order as administered in the Christian Government, or one is simply not regenerated by the blood of Christ. There is no confusing these issues, or mingling them together. It is utterly absurd to seek the re-establishment of a physical temple in light of the fact that God now houses Himself, that is, His Spirit-Mind in the bodies of the white Adamic race as He originally did in the ordination and ordering of His original world order that was ordered according to His divine laws of establishment and order. In Christ, we have our communion in relationship with God as it was in the beginning; so has it become in the end which is the Christian administration of the Eternal Laws of God, now and forever.
The other extreme are those who pervert the Scripture in the Libertine mentality of unruly and godless persons who are themselves maladjusted to the Just Judgments of God and who pervert the Scriptures to claim an un-ordered and unbridled freedom in Christ that is not governed by His Word. Such a man rejects any law and especially the laws of divine establishment and order. He claims to be a Christian but is shown to be a liar because he is in disagreement with what the Scriptures demand and teach. He twists and perverts the clear statements of Christian law to try and justify his obedience to the perversion of the diabolical mentality. The homosexual claims to be a Christian. The ungodly woman, who is unruled by the Word of God, who dishonors her man and her race by speaking contrary to the just judgments of God and disobeying the explicit statements of the Word of God wherein her behavior is to be regulated, she too is a libertine, as is the effeminate man who, by Bible definition, is not a man at all, for in his
unregenerate condition and equality with natural men, he is little more than an animal.
All these may claim to be religious, they may claim to be Christians or even Identity Christians, but their religion and rationalizations of justification are only figments of their perverse and vain imaginations. There are no believers who do not believe the Word of God by obeying it. There are no Christians who teach contrary to Christian law. Nor are there any Christians who seek to reestablish the Mosaic economy. A true Christian is one who is separated by the Separating Mentality of God unto the Separated Life of the Mentality of God. There are only Christians who are governed by the laws and principles of the Word of God and whose mental and physical behavior reflect that divine mentality in their actions in the experimental world.
Paul argues that men must be regenerated. They must have their minds renewed. They must receive the mind of God inside of their minds in order to be restored to their pristine condition before the fall. Paul argues that what the white race needs is something that they cannot do for themselves, but which Christ has done for them if they will only believe and receive it. Paul argues, in reference to all of the Adamic race, white civilized nations and Judeans alike, that all have failed and come short of the reputation of God. In plain language, that none are capable of providing their own justification in the sight of God. But the justification that Paul is talking about is a justification that does not consist in the sinner’s own obedience or moral excellence, for it is said to be without the works of our own righteousness.
It is declared that no man can be justified on the grounds of his own character or conduct or even racial excellence; neither does this righteousness consist in faith only, as Martin Luther went to an
8
extreme in stating, for it is of faith or persuasion, through persuasion, or by persuasion. We are never said to be justified on account of persuasion only. Neither is it a righteousness or justification or a form of moral excellence springing simply from persuasion or faith. Just believing, in the sense of comprehension without apprehending, that is to say, latching onto and making a part of oneself, witnessed by producing the fruit of actions, is a dead faith, according to Scripture, for faith or persuasion without works is dead, being alone, and even the devils in hell believe that there is a God. No, the justification taught in the Scripture is not obtainable in our strength and will or intellectual abilities, though those things are necessary in the process of being made just before a just God. Nor is persuasion a source or approximate cause of justification, because the justification that is offered by God through faith is declared to be a gift (Romans 5:17), it is something that we are freely given as a consequence of the exercise of belief, but belief is not the gift, except in the sense that the ability to believe corresponds to our racial integrity and our calling and choosing as God’s people. It is declared to be the righteousness of Christ, in reference to His obedience (Romans 5:19).
It is, therefore, the righteousness of Christ, His perfect obedience, in doing and suffering the will of God which is imputed to the believer, and on the ground in which the believer, although he himself ungodly, is pronounced righteous and godly, and therefore free from the curse of the law and entided to eternal life.
Thus, the Bible teaches that that which is required on the part of the Adamic man is the act of his self-will to believe the good message of the favor of Almighty God toward Adamic man. So the Bible declares, by way of example, that Abraham
was justified by faith or by belief in being persuaded by the justice or righteousness of God. The Bible consistently teaches that those in the Old Testament who were persuaded and made just by their persuasion were those who were looking for the Anointed One. They were justified in their belief of the promises of Almighty God toward the Adamic race, and specifically in the belief that God the Father would keep His Word and would send the Kinsman Redeemer of Israel.
Thus, the same persuasion of Jesus Christ being the Anointed One in fulfillment of the promises of God is the same persuasion taught in the New Covenant, with the exception that in the New Covenant, we have a realized or fulfilled promise in Christ Jesus. When the Bible speaks of faith, or more correctly translated, persuasion, it is always in reference to those who are persuaded to believe in the promises of the Anointed One of Almighty God, which is predicated upon the Just Judgments of the Everlasting and Eternal Cod. Sometimes, this has been referred to as the Messianic hope. When we come to the question of the mechanics of the receiving of the justification, we must understand that the righteousness which we receive upon believing and trusting the Word of the Living God is the righteousness or justice of God. It is non meritorious, it is not something that we are capable of achieving within our own strength. We must further understand that God, who is a spirit or infinite mentality, is infinitely just.
This, then, is the first principle of understanding the divine attributes of Almighty God. When it is understood that Almighty God is infinitely, supremely Just, and that God cannot be unjust, and when we realize from His Word that there was a time in the past when Adamic man was just in the sight of God, before his failure to trust and obey
10
the Word of God, then we realize that the restoration to justification must consist of the believer being restored to the state of justification or righteousness.
A synonymous concept that is taught along with the idea of the time of justification is that God imparts unto us a gift; it is a gift that we no longer possess, but which was, at one time, possessed, and something which we have the unique capacity to have, in as much as the first Adam had the Mind of God abiding, or the Spirit of God within him in his pristine, pre-failure condition. Therefore, the gift that is imparted to the believer is the anointing, which is the Holy Spirit or Holy Mind or Mentality of God. Therefore, we understand that there is absolutely nothing that an unrighteous man can do to make himself righteous or just before the Living God or to earn the righteousness or justice of God; that only God is Just and infinitely Just. The fallacy of the Talmudic Jews’ argument has always been that they have sought to use the Mosaic administration of the law, which has been brought to a conclusive end in Christ Jesus, as a rationalization to go about establishing their own righteousness or system of justification.
In other words, the Talmudic Jews and other atheists who refuse to believe in the Anointed Jesus by obeying His law and His administration of the eternal law, make the mistake of putting the cart before the horse in wanting to establish their own justification system of meritorious works without believing, meaning trusting and obeying, in Jesus Christ. But the Christian Scriptures declare that it is impossible to please God or make peace with God or to participate in any meritorious system that could make the unjust stand justified before the Just God.
What the Bible actually teaches is that when the believer exercises living faith in the belief of the Word of God, in believing God, then the favor and the gift that is imparted to the believer is the Mind of God, the Just Mind of God, and it must be said that God does not give a portion of His Mind to noncreated beings such as mongrels or, for that matter, disobedient white men who are mongrelized in their mind by Satanic mentality. In other words, mechanically speaking, the believer receives a portion of the indwelling Spirit of God within his mind and, therefore, the believer is counted just. What this means is that God is so holy or separated from sin that He cannot count injustice or that which is incapable of justice to be just.
He, therefore, must give a part of His Own Spirit Mind to the believer, which enters the mind of the believer and begins Its cleansing, renewing process, and that which God counts justified is that portion of Himself that He gives to the renewed mind of the believer, with the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, Spirit of Truth, Spirit of Wisdom and Revelation, Spirit of Christ, Mind of Christ.
So mechanically speaking, what happens is that upon the moment of living persuasion or true belief, the believer receives the Mentality of God abiding and it is then that the growth and purification process begins until the day when the believer may join the spirits of just men made perfect. As we continue through the Scriptures, we see that all the points here made are clearly affirmed by the Apostles, but they are also set forth in a logical order and elaborated upon and sustained and vindicated in the Epistle to the Romans. The Apostle Paul begins with the declaration that the gospel is “the power of God to salvation.”
It is not thus divinely efficacious because of the purity of its moral precepts, nor because it brings
immortality to light, nor because it sets before us the perfect example of Christ, nor because it assures us of the love of God, nor because of the elevating and separating life-giving influence by which it is attained. There is certainly something prerequisite to all of this. The first and indispensable requirement to salvation is that a man should be made just before God. Man is an enemy of God and under His wrath and curse otherwise. Until justice is satisfied, until God is reconciled, there is no possibility of any moral influence being of any avail.
Therefore, the Apostle says that the power of the gospel is due to the fact that “therein is the righteousness of God revealed.” This cannot be in reference to the love of God, nor can it be in reference to the sovereignty of God, nor any of the other attributes of God that men have sought to build false systems of justification upon by perverting the Scripture. This statement can only be in reference to the justice of God.
By saying this, I am not denying the place of the sovereignty of God in true Christology, nor am I denying the wondrous attribute and motivational truth of the Love of God, of the White, Adamic race. I am simply affirming the supreme principle and attribute of the justice of God and declaring, as does the Apostle Paul, that any theist relationship or communion that is to be had with the Just God of Eternity must begin with and be based upon the uncompromising integrity and justice of God. Anyone can say that they believe in God or that they are a Christian or even an Identity Christian, but if their theology is designed to circumvent the just judgments of the Just God laid down in the Book of Genesis, then they manifest themselves to be in disagreement with the New Covenant of the Lord Jesus Christ.
13
The question, How shall men be just with God? is the very foundational question of the true Christology of Christ, for it demands that we recognize the truth of the Word of God as being the Just Judgments of the Just and Living God. It demands that we recognize the existence of Adamic men in their pristine condition, in a world order ordered by the justice of God. It demands that we recognize that God Almighty, in His justice, created the white Adamic man and inbreathed and inspired him with the very psyche or life of the Mind of the Living God so that the Adamic man became a living soul, not in the sense that he was not already animated according to the laws of nature, but rather in the sense that he received within him the immortal mentality of the Everliving God, the anointing of the imparting of the Mind of God into his mind. The issue has never been that Adam’s physical body was created to be immortal, except in the sense of the immortality of his racial perpetuation, which without the indwelling Mind of God became jeopardized in the failure of Adam to maintain the Just Mentality and integrity of the Justice of God in His mind, for when Adam failed to remain in his pristine estate of creation, he forfeited the Holy and Just Mind of God. He fell to the Satanic condition of equality with natural man. He forfeited an essential part of his true created nature, for when we ask the question, What is the purpose of the existence of Adam-man? the Scripture answers, Man was created for the reputation of God, and woman for the reputation of man. Thus, it becomes obvious that Adamic man, without the abiding Holy Spirit Mind of God is not living in His true, intended, created nature, but is rather reduced to the same level as the fleshly, natural men of the beast creation.
14
When it is understood and realized that Adam was not created in his true nature to be a natural man and because of the failure and the institutionalizing of a degenerated world order under the rulership of the insane Satanic mentality, then the true question raised and answered by the true Christology of the Christian Scripture is, How shall Adamic man be returned or regenerated to his pristine estate to stand justified before a just God? Only when the life and work of Jesus Christ is understood to be the only satisfaction to appease the justice of God and thereby the only means whereby Adamic men can once again be made just by the receiving of the Mind of Christ, to be indwelled with God’s Holy Spirit or Mentality, can there ever be any true understanding of the good news of the favor of God toward the Adamic race. Thus, the answer as to how men shall be justified or stand just, restored to intellectual honor, before the Living God, is only answered in the Gospel of the Christian Scriptures.
Therefore, the Gospel or the Good Message is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believes, to everyone whether Judean or of the nations, whether they are bound or free, whether they are good or bad, male or female, who, instead of going about to establish their own righteousness or justification, submits himself in joyful confidence and obedience to the righteousness or justice which God and the Savior Jesus Christ have wrought for sinners and which is freely offered to them in the Good Message without money or merit or without any possible price.
This is Paul’s theme, which he proceeds to develop and establish, as has already been stated. He begins by asserting as indisputable truth from the revelation of God and the constitution of our racial nature that God is Just and that He will punish
sinners and those who have failed to keep His divine laws of establishment and order; that God cannot pronounce righteous or just he who is not justified or justifiable. He then shows from experience and from Scripture, first in reference to the Adamic nations and then in reference to the white Judeans, that there are none righteous, no not one, and that all have failed and come short of the reputation of God as reputed of God in His Word. There is therefore none just and the whole world order is therefore guilty before God. This is true of the Judeans because they had allowed in and elevated mongrels in their political body, and it was true of the civilized nations who had followed after the confusion of Babylon. There is, then, no difference in the condition of all the Political Bodies of the White Nations that then survived since all have sinned. And since it is therefore self-evident that there then existed no nation or political body of men that was keeping and enforcing the just judgments of God and the true intent of the principles of the Law of God reputed in His Word, which manifests His just attributes and character, and since there was to be found none who could in truth manifest the requirements of the laws of divine establishment and order, God has revealed another justification in Romans 3:21 which is called the justice or justification of God, granted to every Adamic who believes in the just judgments of God, for Christ is the embodiment of the Justice of God, the Just One. Men are not justified for what they are or for what they do, but for what Christ has done for them and what Christ does in them. God has sent Himself forth as the propitiation for our sins “for the displaying of His justification in the present time, for His being Just and justifying him that is of the persuasion of Jesus” (Rom. 3:26-AST).
16
do. While it is true that justification is restricted only to those who have capacity for justification as their God-ordained birthright, it is also true that Adamic men are now born, though pure in race, void of the indwelling Mind of God.
Therefore, we are not justified or made just because we are born with the potential, but we are only justified or made just because we receive the Anointing of Christ in us, the only hope of reputation. Again, we are not made just or adjusted to the justice of God by anything that we can do in our own mental strength or in our own reasoning and intellectual powers or even in our physical behavior, for though white men are born innocent, they do not remain innocent in a degenerated world. They are born into a dead world order, and the reign of the insanity of the mongrelized mind causes all born into its body of death in the fallen Adamic nature of the natural man to suffer the curse of the justice of God’s law. There is, therefore, nothing that the fallen natural man of the Adamic race can do to procure his own justification with the exception of the nonmeritorious mental behavior of belief. The ability of belief is nonmeritorious, for it is a quality and a behavior held and acted out even by the devils in hell.
It is, therefore, not our believing that adjusts us to the justice of God, it is the regenerating receiving of the Life of God’s Mentality to come and abide in us that washes and renews our minds with the blood sacrifice of Jesus Christ, that makes us just and in agreement with the Mind of God. It is by this means only that we are clothed upon, metaphorically dressed out in the spotless white robes and reckoned to be just before a just God. Only the Mind of God is Just. Injustice is incapable of justice, as death is incapable of producing life. God is, therefore, mindful of the regenerated Adamic, not
18
because the Adamic is mindful of Him, but because God is mindful of His own Mentality.
“And you being dead in the transgressions and in the failures, in which you used to walk according to the fashion of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the lower earthly air, the mentality now working in the sons of disobedience, among whom also we all conducted ourselves in the lusts of the flesh, doing the things willed of the flesh and of the mind, and were children of anger by nature, even as the rest. But God, being rich in compassion, because of the great love with which He loved us, even we being dead in transgressions, He made us alive by the Anointed (by favor you are saved), and raised us from the dead up together and seated us together in the heaven in Anointed Jesus, that He might show in the coming ages the exceeding riches of His favor in kindness toward us in Anointed Jesus. For by favor you are saved, through persuasion, and this is not of you, but is a gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should brag; for we are of His making, created in Anointed Jesus into good workmanship, which God before prepared that we should walk in them” (Eph. 2:1-10 AST).
Hence, as the Apostle says, the Scriptures are full of thanksgiving to God for gratuitous pardon, for free justification, for the imputation of righteousness to those who have no righteousness of their own. He goes on to show that this method of justification is adopted to all Adamic men. God is not the God of the Judeans only, but also of the
nations, in reference to the civilized Adamic men, for their white bodies were also the workmanship of God, racially prepared from the foundation of the world to be the living temples and dwelling place of the Living God. It secures peace and reconciliation with God (Rom. 5:1-3). It renders salvation certain, for if we are saved, not by what we have done ourselves but for what Christ has done for us and in us in giving us His mind, we may be sure that if we are therefore justified by His blood, we shall be saved from wrath through Him (Rom. 5:9).
This method of justification and this only, he further shows, secures separation, namely separation of heart, mind, and life. It is only those who are reconciled to God by the renewing of the mind by the death of His Son that are “reconciled by His life” (Rom. 5:10-AST). This idea, he expands and vindicates in the sixth and seventh chapters of the Episde to the Romans. When this great foundational truth of the true Christology is understood, then the light of truth begins to dawn and we begin to understand the plan of God in the restoration of His Anointed Nation, for the salvation, by means of the Anointing in the renewing of the mind, is the very plan of God for the restoration of His divine race. We are not to operate in our own strength in the vanity of our minds, but rather in the justice of God’s Mind, in the very Mind of Christ, for we are to be of one mind, one system of justice and judgment, one household of God fitly framed together as lively white stones, being built up into the edifice of the Anointed Nation of God, working together in the Will of God in the unity of the justice of God and in the example of the racial brotherly love of our Older Brother, of Whom we are bone of His bone and flesh of His flesh. Therefore, Paul told the Philippians,
20
“Make full my joy, that you be likeminded, having the same brotherly love, and one life, that you think the same” (2:2 AST).
Here, psyche is translated life because it is in reference to the immortal life of the Mind of the Living God. So what Paul told the Philippians was that they should be likeminded, all having the same indwelling Mind of the Anointed Christ, having the same intellectual integrity and brotherly love of race and God as did the example of Christ, and the one life or the one psyche or the one Mind of God abiding in them. This tells us that the gift of everlasting life comes only from He who has immortality and that is only the Living God. It also defines for us what eternal life is, for eternal life is the Gift of God that is possessed only by those who have received the Mentality of God abiding. So Paul is telling the regenerated nation that the way to victory is to have the Just Mind of God, to be in agreement with the Mind of God and for all those concerned to be of that One Mind and to be in one accord with His plan and purpose. The issue is not whether we agree with sectarian or denominational Christologies and versions of justification systems, for the Bible teaches that sectarianism is an abhorrence to true Christology and a great evil that has been thrust upon the white race for its destruction. The issue is not whether you agree with Pastor Herrell or whether Pastor Herrell agrees with you. The issue is, What does the Mind of God tell us in His Word and are we in agreement with Him? for therein lies the power of victory of the white race over the enemies of God.
Thus, we see that the justification of God, of the sinner or failure, is an essential and foundational truth of the true Christology taught in the Word of God. The Apostle Paul does not stop in simply
21
making clear and formal statements that a sinner can be saved only through imputation of the righteousness of God and not by their own, and that the righteousness thus imputed is the righteousness, both active and passive, if that distinction is necessary, of the Lord Jesus Christ and not the righteousness of the individual, because the Word of God has declared the individual unrighteous in the sight of the Living God. Paul now proceeds to illustrate this doctrine by drawing a parallel between the first Adam and the second Adam, the Lord Jesus Christ. The first Adam, he says, was a type of the latter or the second Adam.
There is a soulful and unbreakable racial relationship between us and our Older Brother and Kinsman. We are so united to the first Adam that his first transgression or failure to keep the Word of God was the grounds of the sentence of condemnation being passed upon all Adamic men, and on account of that condemnation, we derive from him a corrupted or fallen natural mind with a propensity to intellectual dishonesty so that all Adamic men descending from the first Adamites, by ordinary procreation and generation, come into the world, a Satanic, fallen world order, in an estate of spiritual death.
To clearly understand Paul’s argument, it must be clearly understood what the first Adamic man lost. To clearly understand what was lost, let us return to Genesis 2:7-17.
The Bible says,
“And God formed the man of dust of the earth, and breathed upon his face the breath of life, and the man became a living soul. And God planted a garden eastward in Edem, and placed there the man whom he had formed. And God made to spring up also out of the
22
earth every tree beautiful to the eye and good for food, and the tree of life in the midst of the garden, and the tree of learning the knowledge of good and evil. And a river proceeds out of Edem to water the garden, thence it divides itself into four heads. The name of the one, Phisom, this it is which encircles the whole land of Evilat, where there is gold. And the gold of that land is good, there also is carbuncle and emerald. And the name of the second river is Geon, this it is which encircles the whole land of Ethiopia. And the third river is Tigris, this is that which flows forth over against the Assyrians. And the fourth river is Euphrates. And the Lord God took the man whom he had formed, and placed him in the garden of Delight, to cultivate and keep it. And the Lord God gave a charge to Adam, saying, Of every tree which is in the garden, thou mayest freely eat, but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil — of it ye shall not eat, but in whatsoever day ye eat of it, ye shall surely die.”
All that we have read was done according to the will of God and therefore according to the just judgments of God. God deemed what we have just read to be just, so we know that the creation of Adam was a just act, and the creation of the Garden and the setting of Adam over that garden to dress it and keep it was a just act of God. We also note that the Lord God spoke His Word and the Word of God is His law, and He told the first Adam that he was not to eat of the fruit of one tree, that tree known as the knowledge of good and evil, and if he disagreed, he would surely die. We also take note that the record of Genesis states that Adam had
23
daily communion with God, that it was God’s custom to walk and talk in the National Socialist Paradise in the cool of the evening. He lived in the most beautiful area of earth; many of the best scholars believe this area to have been the Tamarian basin, which was later the area of the localized flood. Yet, we read on and discover that while Adam had all of this, the Omnipotent and Living God knew that there was something lacking in Adam’s life, and the Bible records that the Lord God said,
“It is not good that the man should be alone, let us make for him a help suitable to him. And God formed yet farther out of the earth all the wild beasts of the Held, and all the birds of the sky, and he brought them to Adam, to see what he would call them, and whatever Adam called any living creature, that was the name of it. And Adam gave names to all the cattle and to all the birds of the sky, and to all of the wild beasts of the field, but for Adam there was not found a help like to himself. And God brought a trance upon Adam, and he slept, and he took one of his ribs, and filled up the flesh instead thereof. And God formed the rib which he took from Adam into a woman, and brought her to Adam. And Adam said, This now is bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called woman because she was taken out of her man” (Genesis 2:18-23).
So here we have a picture of the first Adam in his sane mind, in his pristine body and mind. His mental abilities must, of course, have been phenomenal for him to name all of the animals and plants of the earth, but what is more important here
24
is that we take note that Adam at this point in the account is, in principle, said to be in his sane mind, for his judgments are in agreement with the laws of the Living God. Adam is sane and he has seen every beast and every foul of the air and noted that there was no helpmate for him to be found among them. Next, God caused Adam to go into a deep sleep and God took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh, and the rib which God took from him he made into a woman.
Again, we take note that the man was created before the woman, that the woman was taken out from the man. This too is in accordance with the just judgments of the Living God. It becomes important to understand that up unto this time, all that the Living God had ordered and ordained and made was a part of His just judgments and answers to His orderly arrangement of His original world order.
Therefore, everything that is stated in Genesis in regards to what the Lord God set in motion, what the Lord God created, and what the Lord God ordered, is a testimony of the law of God and of the just judgments of the Living God. It, therefore, becomes important to understand that the Book of Genesis is giving us a word-picture of the Adamic man as he existed in a just relationship with the Living God in an ordered and righteous world. All that was and all that existed in Paradise was good and right because all that existed was in accordance with the will and just judgments of a just God and was therefore governed by the Word or Law of God.
What we have is a word picture of a man in perfect harmony and in perfect agreement with the Living God, existing in a perfectly ordered world. Moreover, the area under discussion is called Paradise, which is a Persian word that we would
25
translate in our language as Heaven. The principles and ideas being conveyed to us are that the first Adamics existed in a social order and nation that must be described as heaven on earth. It was heaven on earth because it was totally and completely governed by obedience to the Word of God in accordance with the divine principles and laws of divine establishment as ordained and ordered by the justice of God. The great principle and lesson to be learned from Genesis is that Adam was created and formed in the image or character of the Living God.
It is said that God breathed into Adam the breath of life and that Adam became a living soul. While this is written in reference to the individual Adam, the concept of soul carries with it more than the creation of the unique physical body of the White Adam. Whatever this inspiration of life or soul may be defined as, it must carry the concept that this soulful life was something uniquely possessed by and given to the Adamic man.
The Bible does not teach that the beasts of the field, even in their higher order of natural men, or the fouls of the air were given the inspiration of soulful life. The Bible does teach that that which makes Adam unique among all the creation is, first, the order or place that he occupies in the orderly arrangement of God as God’s chosen portion of the earth, and second, that he alone is capable or has the capacity to house or be indwelled by the inspirational, soulful life, spoken of in Genesis. The account of Genesis makes it clear that Adam was in agreement with and clearly understood the principles of divine laws of establishment of natural order.
Adam, therefore, having his existence in perfect obedience to the mind of God, could only do so as he possessed a portion or degree of the mind of God. Adam was, in his pristine existence, an exact
26
reflection of the very image of the Living God in that he was indwelled and in possession of the Spirit or Breath of the Living God, which is in reference to the Mentality of the Living God. He was, therefore, in the likeness or like God. He was like God in that he shared the mind of God. He shared the justice of God and His Just Judgments. He shared the character of God, manifested and illustrated in his unique mental abilities; and, yes, he was the very image of God in physical body, a white man, for Jesus Christ was God in the flesh and the body that he occupied was that of a white man. But, Adam was, after all, a reflection of God in physical form composed of the dust or elements of the earth. He was therefore man in physical body and, in his pristine condition, he was God with a litde ‘g’ in his mind. But in that he was man, a reflection of God in physical form, it was imperative that he move and have his being under the physical and natural laws of the physical world. For this reason, God took from Adam’s rib the genetic material to clone in the image of Adam a female counterpart that Adam called woman.
Now the account of Genesis makes it clear that Adam had access to all the trees of the Garden, especially the tree of life, but that God had forbidden access to the tree of good and evil. There has, of course, risen up many religionistic theories throughout the ages as to what the forbidden tree of the knowledge of good and evil is, but few are they who have taken the New Testament as the final Word of God and used it as the key to unlock the mystery. In plain language, the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is representative of a philosophical system of diabolical thought that seeks to justify disobedience to the Word of God through phony standards of ethics and supposed pious behavior.
27
To understand this, one must ask if true Christian or godly ethics and righteous behavior is actually based upon the concept of good and evil? in other words, does the Bible, especially the definitive New Testament, teach that just behavior can be defined as good and evil? That is to say, a good and evil within the providence or control of man? The New Testament says no. The New Testament teaches that there is only the goodness of God and the evil of Satan. Judeoism, for example, is predicated upon a false knowledge of goodness, as well as a false knowledge of evil. What the New Testament actually teaches the correct, just and ethical system of mental behavior to be is living works and dead works. The Bible clearly manifests the fact that only God is capable of Living Works. Life comes from life, not from death. But the Satan or Diabolical Mentality and his children are only capable of evil works or dead works, for only death can produce death.
Therefore, the identification of the forbidden fruit of the carnal knowledge of good and evil, which is to say fleshly knowledge, is indicative of Satanic philosophy that exalts ethical standards of fleshly man over the justice of God. One might say that the forbidden tree of the knowledge of good and evil was an ethical tree; that it represented the popular ethical beliefs of the phony justification religions that were in opposition to the justice of God.
Now the purpose of this discourse is not to trace the war of the seedlines; I have done that in my book entitled The Genesis of Evil. In that work, we prove by scientific method that the diabolical mentality of the devil seduced Eve first mentally or spiritually, which caused degenerated behavior which resulted in her becoming physically seduced. We also showed that the term tree was in reference to
28
nations and that therefore the park or garden or order of Heaven which the Adamites were given dominion over to dress and keep from a governmental point of view, was a park that already contained a variety of trees or nations. To understand this, one must understand that at the time of the writing of the Genesis account, there still existed a form of religion known as phallic worship.
In these most ancient of religious expressions of men, an area was cleared and the trees were often carved into representations of the national gods. These were called groves and this is the picture that is painted for us in the Book of Genesis. So the analogy here is in reference to a tree that was in the midst of the Park or Garden or Heaven of God, and it was Heaven because where God walks and talks is Heaven, and it was Heaven because the first Adam was indwelled with the capacity and was in communication with God, therefore having the mind of God abiding, for God can only communicate with His own mind. So one of the trees that is said to be in the midst of the garden was the tree that was predicated upon a false religion and false ethical position and false justification standards known as the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. The implication is that there was already people existing in the world and that there was already at least one other nation that had partook of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, in bad ethical philosophy, and phony justification philosophy, and false religion, and were indicative of everything that is evil in terms of race-mixing and perversion and so forth and this nation of mongrels was off limits and declared to be off limits to any kind of spiritual or sexual intercourse.
So the tree is spoken of in terms of the ingestion principle which is indicative of eating and the ingestion of anything else. The fruit of the tree of
29
knowledge of good and evil was forbidden fruit, it was forbidden to have, partake of, or ingest such fruit.
Now one other point that should be observed is that we are not told how long Adam and Eve lived in the park in their pristine or innocent estate wherein the Adam was in communion with the mind of God and therefore possessive of the Mind of God and enjoyed a relationship in this paradise or first heaven, and that is what it was for God visited and communed daily, and man was in communication with God and man was in his sane mind and the will of God was done on earth just as it was and is in the Government of God. In other words, God’s law and Word totally governed that portion of the earth up until that point. The Adamic is a portion of God’s earth, and that should be taken into account.
The point is that we are not told specifically how long Adam enjoyed his pristine estate as a just man before the Living God. It could have been a lengthy period or a short time. The point is that the Genesis account does not lend itself to fashionable or theoretical chronologies; it was written in such a way that it cannot be in conflict with the laws of nature, for God who is the author of the Genesis account in its inspiration is the same God who is the author and creator of the laws of nature. As we continue the Genesis account, we learn that a day came when the rule and reign of the Government of Heaven under the auspices of the Adamic white race was challenged.
The implication is that a subtle scheme of diabolical proportions was conceived for the purpose of destroying the ruling authority of the white Adamic race by means of destroying the race. So we find in the Genesis account that the adversary, the Devil or Satan, chose to attack the white Adamic
30
race through its weakest vessel: the woman. So Genesis tells us that one day there appeared in Paradise or in Heaven on Earth, the serpent. It is now a well-documented fact of anthropology and of religious and secular historical studies that the serpent is one of the most ancient religious symbols known to man. It is well known that in the Middle East their still survives a cult of devil worshippers who worship the serpent and that the serpent may be traced all the way back to ancient India.
What is conveyed in the Genesis account is the subtle scheme of the Serpentine religion that was indicative or was the symbol of the religious system known as the knowledge of good and evil or the one nation that was mongrelized that the Adamics were not to take part in. What is being conveyed in the Genesis account is the subtle scheme and means where the woman is seduced in her mind and in her belief system and her mind is changed..
To understand the spiritual dynamics, that is to say, the psychology of Eve and what was happening in her mind, we must return to the account of her seduction and fall as recorded in a good translation from the Septuagint Greek. In my booklet, The Genesis of Evil, I have dealt with some of the more important aspects of the popular mistranslations that mislead the Bible student away from the true issues involved in the Genesis account. In that study and booklet, I was focused and most interested in capturing the linguistic and scientific proof for the doctrine of the seedline war. However, in this study, we are interested in seeking to understand what light linguistic evidence may be able to shed upon the psychology or the estate of mind of the woman Eve as she was seduced spiritually in her mind that caused her ungodly physical behavior. Let us once again take a look at the Biblical evidence of Scripture and seek to understand Eve’s spiritual and
physical behavior in light of the first Adam’s relationship to the justice of God. We will do this with an exegetical look at the pertinent passages involved in the form of a verse by verse commentary. The record begins:
“Now the serpent was the most crafty of all the brutes of the earth which the Lord God had made,”
In The Genesis of Evil, we showed the identity of the brute in this verse. In plain language, it was a snake in a tree, talking. The snake or serpent was an ancient symbol of out-and-out devil worship in the Middle East. What I believe many have missed in this account is the phrase most crafty of all the brutes or small animals of the earth which the Lord God had made in reference to the Living God. This snake that the woman saw in the tree far exceeded any ability that the Living God has ever given a snake. The language here is indicative of a comparison to what the Living God had actually decreed as abilities for a small snake in His divine laws of establishment and nature. But the craftiness of the snake and its ability to talk was not due to the snake.
I believe that God expects us to allow our minds to operate within His divine laws of establishment and nature, and, therefore, to understand that snakes do not talk. It is interesting to note, in comparative religious studies, how the phony priests of the Greeks, as well as the Middle-Eastern religions, used serpents or snakes in their religious systems. Not only did they have talking snakes, but snakes that came in dreams that were interpreted by their priests, etc. It is therefore self-evident that the relating of a talking snake is indicative of a very ancient false religious system, and therefore is a comment upon the dishonesty of false systems of
32
religion. The only snakes that talk are those people whom Jesus referred to as snakes, which is a reference to the mongrel Jews. But it is a curious observation to me that whenever people come to study the Genesis account, they suddenly want to throw away the common sense of the laws of nature that the true and Living God ordained in the beginning as His divine laws of establishment and order.
Now I realize that we are living in an antichrist ruled world where the diabolical mentality of Satan has robbed a great percentage of our race from being able to think in terms of divine order and establishment in accordance with the laws of nature. An example of this might be a fellow I saw on T.V. the other evening who was advocating equal rights for chimpanzees. I personally believe that any man who wants to elevate a chimp to the equal social standing of a white man is insane. I believe that such a man is insane because the Living God of the Bible has declared such a man insane, and that is the true issue taught in the Book of Genesis.
The majority of the white race are dead from the neck up. They are deceived in their spirit minds to such an extent that they deny the foundational laws of nature, and they are therefore made willing to compromise their intellectual integrity of the knowledge of reality which can only be governed by a clear understanding of the laws of nature.
The Jew and mongrel have long been noted for their speculative philosophies that invariably lead to a denial of natural realities. I believe that the talking snake is a comment upon such false, speculative religions, ancient and modern. What the record shows here is that in the Garden of Heaven or Paradise, in other words, the first great, world-wide Aryan nation or the first Heaven on Earth, is that according to the just judgments of the Justice of
33
God, God had appointed the white Adamic, Aryan man as His ruler and caretaker and governor over the first National Christian Socialist state. The Bible teaches that the Adam man was to rule and have dominion over the earth and that the majority of other national states, metaphorically designated in Genesis and the Bible as trees, were at that time nations composed of Aryan people, with the exception of that nation designated as the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Adam, therefore, was the first dictator of the first Heaven on Earth, and before their failure or fall, the Adamic nations ruled and reigned the Earth in accordance with Almighty God’s just judgments and .in accordance with His natural order of the earth.
So it becomes important to clearly understand that every precept and principle related to us in the logical order of the Genesis account is a statement of the just judgments of a just God. So we observe the principle and fact that Adam was ruling and reigning, for he was endowed and imbued with the Mind of God and had the same just judgments as his Heavenly Father. We also observe that the Genesis account tells us that after Adam had ordered and named all of the other animals and creatures and people of the earth in his work of occupying the earth for the Living God, no helpmate was found for him and then God took from Adam and cloned a wife for him. The principle that the woman was taken from the man illustrates that the woman was beholding to the man for her existence and salvation. This principle is confirmed in the interpretation of Genesis in the New Testament. There, the Bible teaches that the man is the savior of the Body, that the woman is the weaker vessel, and that the woman is to be in subjection to the man.
34
Here, in Genesis, is the first statement of that Christian law and unchanging principle. Now let us return to our exegetical account. Realizing that the woman was to be in subjection to and subservient to the man, for the man was created for the reputation of God and the woman for the reputation of the man, then we find that little Miss Eve had no business talking to the snake. When we understand that snakes do not talk and we understand that the symbol of the tree of knowledge of good and evil was in reference to a nation or a race of people who had left the laws of divine establishment and order and whose leader had become insane and had become the adversary of the Living God, in reference to the King of Assyria or Babylon and Tyre and those Aryan rulers who first ruled India, which became a type of the Satanic mentality encountered here in the Book of Genesis, then we understand that the meaning of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil was in reference to a people who had created a phony justification religion and a phony ethical system to justify their ungodly behavior.
In other words, the tree of the knowledge of good and evil can only be in reference to false religion that is predicated upon the attempt to rationalize ungodly behavior. A phony ethical standard. We know that it was a phony ethical standard because the ethics taught in Christianity are not based upon good and evil but are rather based upon life and death. So Eve comes upon a snake in a tree and contrary to the laws of nature and divine establishment, the snake is talking. This would indicate, since we know that snakes do not talk, that a man behind the scenes was acting as a ventriloquist and by this subtle method, perverting through sophistry the innocent mind of the naive and immature child known as Eve.
35
Now let us look at what was actually said, and as we do, let us remember that the woman had no business acting independent of Adam. She had no business at the tree by herself, she had no business discussing religious matters or elevating to the status of religious authority anyone but her husband. Her correct attitude should have been to call her husband lord and to have refused verbal or mental intercourse with anything that was out of the order of the divine law of establishment and nature as instituted by the just judgments of God.
“And the serpent said to the woman, Wherefore has God said, Eat not of every tree of the garden?”
Let us notice that the diabolical and subtle mentality of the adversary of God opens his conversation as a humble inquirer. He asks the woman a question, and it is a religious question. He pretends to be ignorant of what God has said and his question appeals to the vanity of Eve because it places her in an authoritative position. It appeals to her lust for power and worship and adoration. The devil has calculated his question to put Eve in the position, contrary to God’s judgments, as a religious authority. The adversary or the enemy was not stupid.
The record shows that he knew exactly what God had said. He also knew the just judgments of God in how that God had created the order of women. He knew what Eve’s order of women was obligated to the just judgments of the Living God. But the devil is seeking to seduce Eve’s mind. So he phrases his question so that if she answers his first question, she will be in violation of the order of women. She will be in violation of the divine laws of establishment and order, but the woman was
36
immature. She was naive and the question appealed to her intellectual vanity and the question was phrased as a humble inquirer.
Here was a mongrel nation appealing to the authority of a woman. The devil was asking for help. He wanted to know what God had said, but he had not gone to the man, the man who shared the mind of God, whose sense of justice was in agreement with the Living God, he had made his pitiful appeal to the more sensual woman, and I am sure that the tone of his voice in the utterance of this fateful question was of the most sincere and humble of tones, calculated to invoke the deepest sensual emotions that lie within that wondrous creature God has made called woman, for within the breast of the woman is that God-given instinct of motherhood and of helpmate, those tender emotions, so vital and so necessary to the survival of the white race among godly women.
But within the heart and mind of women there also is the weakness of vanity, the desire to be worshipped, to be adored, to think of themselves more highly than they ought to think. So the devil calculated his first question to cause the woman to leave her place and her order in the natural order that God’s justice had ordained for her divine destiny. The very phrasing of the question, if answered, pitted the white woman against the white man. So the devil asks the question, Wherefore has God said, Eat not of every tree of the garden? and little Miss Eve, naive to the devil’s designs to destroy her race, immature in the knowledge of God and His justice, sees the opportunity to become a religious authority, to usurp authority over her man, to leave her order and become equal to her husband.
37
“And the woman said to the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God said, You shall not eat of it, neither shall you have sex with it, lest you die.”
Let us notice that the woman answered the devil truthfully, but she had already crossed over the law the minute that she uttered the first words of her answer. She had already usurped the authority of her husband. She had already become maladjusted to the justice of God and His just judgments. She had already capitulated and given in to the vanity of her mind. She had had verbal intercourse with the devil himself. She had transgressed the order and law of God and gave the devil entrance into her mind. Now the devil, having already penetrated her mind, became bold in his perverted sophistry of false religion. We read further,
“And the serpent said to the woman, You shall not surely die.”
This is the first of the Devil’s lies. God had told Adam and spoke the law of His Word to Adam before Eve ever came on the scene, that in the day, the very hour, that the Adamites were to eat or ingest of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, they would surely die that day. What then is the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil? What is it that was forbidden to be ingested? Was it not the diabolical mentality and the insanity of the perverted mind of Satan and his false religion and his perversion of the divine laws and just judgments of the Living God that causes men to be mentally ill and that was to rob the Adamic man of the indwelling mind of God and the
38
understanding of God’s just judgments and laws of nature? No, that was not the fruit or what results, for fruit is the result of the existence of the tree. Fruit is what is produced because of something. It is clear that the tree or the nation of the knowledge of good and evil, with their phony justification religion and their perverted antijustice gospel that calls the Living God a liar, was the tree itself. But the fruit of the tree is what comes into being because of the consequences of the knowledge of good and evil.
Now the point that I am making is this: Before Eve was ever seduced physically, she was seduced mentally or spiritually. She was seduced in her mind by religious and emotional sophistry that calls God a liar. Now the Devil continues:
“For God knew that in whatever day you should eat of it your eyes would be opened, and you would be as gods, knowing good and evil.”
Let us notice carefully that Adam and Eve were not physically blind and the Devil is continuing his lying. He is talking about their minds being opened to a supposed greater truth than the realities of God’s laws of divine establishment and nature. By implication, the Devil has said that by ingesting from the nation or tree of the knowledge of good and evil with its phony ethics and its phony religious justification system and its phony philosophy that always results in contradicting God, that the mind’s eye of the Adamics would be opened, implying that before this moment the Adamics’ minds were not opened to a true perception of reality. But according to the Word of God, the exact opposite and reverse was true of Adam, for in Adam’s pristine estate and nature, that is to say his true created nature, he had the Mind of God abiding, he was in perfect
communion and agreement with the justice of Goa But the Devil is continuing to make inroads, probin deeper into the seduction of the mind of Eve because the implications of his words suggest that God was keeping understanding from the Adamics.
The implication of the statement carries the accusation that there was to be known a better and superior knowledge than that of the Word of God and that by leaving the principles and judgments emphatically stated in the Word of God, Adamic men could somehow rise above their God-ordained order and just place in the creation of God, and could in the insanity of Satanic philosophy become equal with God, and therefore capable of selfjustification. But the Adversary statement also carried with it the additional appeal to the ^US"UJ abilities of the woman. For the Devil said, you shall be as gods, including the woman in this newfound status. This re-enforced the vanity of the woman. It told her that she could be liberated from her place and ordered position in the just judgments of God. She would no longer have to remain subservient or in subjection to her man that God had appointed for her salvation. She could now be equally a god along side the man.
But all of this was a lie designed to induce the woman to rebel against the justice of God, and to allow the Devil to use the white woman as a tool of his perverted arsenal against the existence and perpetuauon of the white race. Now let us notice the mental or spiritual behavior of the woman God’s
Word says:	'
/
“And the woman saw that the good for food,"	e	'vas
Now let us remember that God said.
40
“But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil - of it you shall not eat, but in whatsoever day you eat of it, you shall surely die.”
What did the woman see that was good for food? She has already ingested the knowledge of good and evil, the Satanic religious philosophy. Now she turns her eyes to rationalize the fruit that comes from the perverted religion of the knowledge of good and evil. The woman had already died, she had ingested the lies of the mentality of Satan. She died the minute that she left the order of women to act in disobedience to the justice of God. Now the Word of God relates to us her perverted thinking caused by her ingesting the knowledge of good and evil, but she is now looking on the fruit of the philosophy and here is what she thought: the tree is good for food. It has appealed to her vanity. She had been persuaded by its perverse principles of religion and philosophy. In pronouncing it good, she has become an enemy of God and she has bought into the entire perverted system. The Devil has converted her to his way of thinking. She no longer has natural affections or racial consciousness.
So now her eyes focus upon the forbidden fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In order to understand what is being said here, we need to clearly understand what the fruit was and is. Let me simply refer the reader to my booklet, The Genesis of Evil. But it should suffice to say here that the fruit of the racial tree which subscribed to the perverted knowledge of good and evil were a people that the Bible calls the Beasts of the Field. They were a people whose god was the god of this world and whose emblem was the serpent. They were the highest creation of the animal world in the order of God. But sometime in the antiquity of ages
41
past, the blood of the children of God had bee mingled in miscengenation with the animal kingdom, and there had come into existence an uncreated being, a hybrid mongrel, unnatural in its existence, unnatural in its mentality and by its very existence at enmity with the divine laws of establishment and order. This unnatural mentality, this perverse and god-hating mind of diabolical spirit-mind that came to existence in lawlessness would come to be known as the Devil. The Adversary of decency and order.
So what Eve is thinking in her equality philosophy that deems the just order of God to be a lie is that it is okay to have sex with a Negro or hybrid mongrel. Let us remember her original answer before she is converted to Satanism:
“God said, You shall not eat of it, neither shall you have sex with it, lest you die.”
Now, suddenly, since her mental seduction and conversion to the Satanic philosophy of the Adversary and the enemy of God, now, suddenly, since she has committed the act of leaving her ordained place and station in life, she now thinks, contrary to God’s justice that the tree was good for food, good to ingest. She has eaten of the Devil’s table, mentally, and since she now believes in the equality of women, she must, of necessity, believe in the equality of all races and creatures. Since she believes that perversion is an acceptable religion and lifestyle, she also believes in sexual perversion w’hether race-mixing or homosexuality. She continues and thinks:
“And that it was pleasant to the eyes to look upon and beautiful to contemplate,**
42
Black and mud-people are now beautiful, no longer an abhorrence. It no longer matters to Eve that God has said in His just judgments, in the ordering of His Orderly Arrangement, that the trees or races are to produce seed after their own kind only. She no longer sees that just judgment and command of God as a law. If you were to now talk to Eve, she would tell you how beautiful little mongrel babies are and that there is no difference between the races. She would be an animal rights advocate and a women’s libber, and she would be the first to defend the lifestyle of sodomites. And when it came to religious services, she would be the first to demand her right to stand in the pulpit and preach and govern the Church or the Government of God. The Bible says that this woman was taken in the transgression. She is a thoroughly ungodly woman, for her thoughts are mongrelized, covered with the blackness of the Satanic philosophy that leads only to death, both spiritual and racial. She has died spiritual death. Now the account continues:
“And having taken of its fruit she ate, and she gave to her husband also with her, and they ate.”
The insanity of this ungodly woman now spreads to the man. She causes her husband to become an effeminate and intellectual coward and in the day that he ingested thereof, he died as well. Her very estate of mind demands the intellectual castration of her husband. When this account is contrasted with the mother of God occults of the ancient world, it is small wonder that we see in the festival of the goddess Diana the votive act of men castrating themselves and putting their testicles in the cup held by Diana. The ancient love religions that have now once again manifested themselves in the perversion
known as Judeo Christianity had their beginnings here in the Genesis account. The Just Mind of the true and Living God was taken from Adam in the moment of a twinkling of an eye. But yet, the Bible observes a clear difference between the male and the female in their transgressing or crossing over the law of God. The Bible says that the woman was deceived, but the man was not. As great as the woman’s sin against the justice of God was, the cowardly, effeminate man’s sin was greater. The Bible continues and says,
“And the eyes of both were opened, and they perceived that they were naked.”
They had lost their spiritual innocence, their minds were no longer covered by the spirit or mentality of God. They had died spiritual death. They were no longer in their original, natural creation. God had removed His Holy Spirit from them. They were no longer whole, they were no longer in their true and original creation. They had now left their first estate and had mentally and spiritually fallen to the level of fleshly man. They had abdicated their true position in nature as the children of the Most High and Living God. They now stood in need of restoration to their true intellectual integrity, of a Redeemer to restore them to stand before the Living God, made just in the sight of God. They were no longer whole for the Adamic man was created to be the physical life container of the Mind of God on this earth.
But God loved the white race which His justice, that is to say. His Just Judgments, had chosen as His portion of the earth from the foundation of the world. God loved His chosen people whom He had ordained to rule and reign in die earth in His behalf and as His instruments of justice, doing His good
44
will. God loved the natural order of His orderly arrangement that He had instituted in His justice. So in the infinite mercy and love of God, he promised the Redeemer, through the seed of the woman, a Redeemer who would come in spite of the failure of the Adamic race, who would do for the Adamic man what the Adamic man was no longer capable of doing for himself, whose life and blood sacrifice as the Innocent Lamb of God would allow the justice of God to make white men worthy to be just in His sight.
“And they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons to go round them. And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the afternoon; and both Adam and his wife hid themselves from the face of the Lord God in the midst of the trees of the garden. And the Lord God called Adam and said to him, Adam, where art thou? And he said to him, I heard thy voice as thou walkedst in the garden, and I feared because I was naked and I hid myself. And God said to him, Who told thee that thou wast naked, unless thou hast eaten of the tree concerning which I charged thee of it alone not to eat? And Adam said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me—she gave me of the tree and I ate. And the Lord God said to the woman, Why hast thou done this? And the woman said, The serpent deceived me and I ate.”
Prior to this hour in time, the Adamics had been clothed in the justice of the Mind of God. They had been covered in God’s honor and integrity, and contrary to the Devil’s declarations and promises,
45
they now found themselves naked before the law of God, no longer made innocent by the covering of justice and honor. We also take note that when they discovered themselves destitute of the righteousness of God or God’s justice abiding, the first thing that they did was begin to make excuses in the insanity of their minds. They began to rationalize and seek to justify themselves.
So let us recount the principles taught. First of all, the woman was in disobedience to her husband inasmuch as she was conducting conversation with a phenomena and participating in talking to the dead. She was getting her information from something other than the authority of God through her husband. Secondly, we may see that the woman was not as spiritually mature or adept as Adam or the man, and she was, in that sense, a child to the man, in the order of God’s creation. The principle that she was taken from Adam means that she was a child of Adam. So the principle conveyed in the Genesis account is that the woman was participating in false religion, looking to another god whom she later refers to as God. She thought that the talking snake, manipulated by a ventriloquist, was god and that what she was hearing was the voice of God or a god, and the Bible later tells us that this was exactly what she did here because it was the diabolical mentality of an enemy, mongrel nation that was seeking to destroy the white Adamic racial nation through false religion and religious sophistry. So the Genesis account relates to us the seduction of Eve’s mind and how her mind was rendered alien to the mind of the one true God and how she was seduced mentally or spiritually, and it tells us, in continuance, that her having been seduced to false religion and religious sophistry, a false justification system of religion, resulted in her later actually being physically seduced.
46
Now time and space will not allow me to go further in discussing the physical seduction of Eve, but I have proven that in my booklet, The Genesis of Evil. The purpose of this discourse, as I have said before, is to determine what happened to the mind of Adamic man.
First, the trees of the Garden are in reference to nations. The tree of the knowledge of good and evil is representative of a nation whose symbol was a serpent and these people have often been referred to as the serpentine race. This nation of people, at that time, before the fall of the Adamic nations, are described as forbidden fruit. The fruit of their philosophy of the knowledge of good and evil is forbidden to the Adamic white race because it is the fruit of perversion — perversion of the laws of God designated as the laws of divine establishment and order. It includes everything from race-mixing and homosexuality to the most innocent of sins wherein people are convinced that they are doing good, let us say, by being religious; so it includes false piety, and the point that I am making is that it all stems from the phony justification system of false ethics and false behavior, both mental and physical, that is called the knowledge of good and evil.
So the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is a spiritual, mental system and can only therefore be in reference to the diabolical mentality of Satan and the perverted fruit or behavior that it produces is the actions that stem from a perverted way of thinking. In plain language, the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is in reference to the Satanic nation whose national philosophy is antigod and antichrist. Thus, the Satanic mentality is only understood and seen clearly when it is contrasted with the tree of life which is the nation of the Justice of God, personified in the man Christ Jesus whom God has appointed as its ruler. Therefore, the only
way to understand the full scope and power of the insane diabolical mentality or what may be called the mind of Satan is to understand exactly what Satan is opposed to. He is opposed to the laws of divine order and establishment. He is opposed to the just judgments of God and it therefore becomes important to understand that where we find the foundational truths of the just judgments of God is in the book of Genesis.
It becomes clear that we can only understand the principles of God’s law and justice taught in Genesis by allowing the New Testament of Jesus Christ to interpret the foundational truths of the justice of God. When we allow the Word of God to rule our persuasion, we find that all false religion — in fact, it may be said, all religious activity, including the true religion — is based and predicated upon the idea of justification. The true religion of the Everliving and Eternal God of the Bible has its first principle in the justice of God and all false religion is in opposition to the justice of God. So we begin to see the contrast between justice and injustice emerge clearly and become easily perceived when we take God s Word as our only standard of truth and justice.
So we begin to understand that the true motivating force behind men’s religious and philosophical activities of their minds which result in religious and political behavior, stems from the drive of their own conscious to seek to justify their existence. Men seek to justify their existence, their behavior and their thinking. Today the most popular religious philosophy is the Babylonian system of romantic philosophy, which we have seen had its beginning in the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. That, in plain language, is predicated upon the concept of a perverted philosophy of love. The “love everybody” religion is without a doubt the most prevailing and popular perception of the
48
justification systems of religion. The fundamental belief of the “love religions” is that all humanoids are created equal and are equal before the God of the universe; that God loves and values all human life equally and that the God of creation is equally accessible by all creatures.
Therefore, within the love philosophy religions, the supreme attribute or virtue and sanctioned behavior is that of humanism with an emphasis upon the destruction of all Divine Order and Establishment, including the manifested laws of nature. This mystical principle of love is a principle that can only be expressed as romantic philosophy. The supreme virtues of such a philosophy defines pacifism as a virtue, mob mentality as a virtue, going along with the flow and getting along with others, being a kind and forgiving, thoughtful and sensitive person, in other words emulating the feminine qualities, that while expressed in behavior by women are indeed virtuous, but when demanded of men are dishonorable.
Much more could be said about the effeminate romantic philosophy of Babylonian religion, but no matter how this philosophy finds expression it is not what the Bible teaches the true religion of the ancient Hebrews to be based upon. The love philosophy of justification is greatly deceptive because it is in truth the product of degenerated minds or what Paul called worldly wisdom. What then is true Christianity predicated upon? What does the Bible teach justifies or makes a man just? The answer lies in understanding the attributes and character of Almighty God. The supreme attribute of the Living God is His justice and honor. All honor is derived from justice. When we speak of the Living God, we speak of absolute justice. The true God is the very essence of justice, for God cannot be unjust. If God could be unjust then He would cease
to be God. What is important for us to under.., is that God's justice is God's honor Cod ! absolutely just and absolutely honorable.
The attribute of integrity and honor are one in the same. For God to violate His justice would be for Him to violate His essence of integrity or honor. Again, God cannot do this. He cannot violate His justice or His honor for He would cease to be God. Thus, the Bible teaches that it is the Word of God -that the just God of creation has spoken to His people through the Word of God. Therefore, the Bible claims to be the very thoughts of God and, most importantly, the principles and precepts and
judgments of the true God.	,	.
When we turn in our Bibles to read the prmciple and law that God created "seed after its own kind, we are reading a just judgment spoken and ai down by the Living God. When the Bible says t at He created them “male and female,” this is not on y a witness of the truth of the laws of nature, it is also a statement of the just judgments of the Living God. Thus, all that the true God has spoken in His divine essence and character as the just God, with immutable honor and integrity, are the just judgments of a just God. When this is understood, then it becomes obvious that any religious system or philosophical system that disagrees with the principles of justice and the just judgments laid down by the Living God is an unjust system. To say that God has not ordered His creation by creating the orders of male and female is to pervert the justice of God and to call God unjust and a liar. To pervert the orders of male and female, either by men seeking to be effeminate or women seeking to be or usurp the order of the male, is to advocate confusion, to merge together or pervert through changing places that which God decreed as a just
50
judgment in His Word and is manifest as His judgment in die natural order.
Moreover, the activity of the confusion of Babylon in seeking to confuse or pervert the just order created and set in motion by the just God is the very meaning of blasphemy. All blasphemy begins with rebellion against the divine order of establishment and creation. It is predicated upon people failing to accept the will of God, which consists of the judgments of God, in their life and persons.
Thus, all false religion is predicated upon the desire of the individual to be in rebellion to the just judgments of God while seeking to make excuse and justification for their rebellion.
When the character and foundational principles of the ancient mongrel religion that corrupted Babylon are understood to be predicated upon the principle of its opposition to the just order of the justice of God, then it becomes abundantly clear that the present ungodly coalition between the mongrel Jew atheist, homosexuals, both male and female, and ungodly white women is by no means a new development, historically. History records that this ungodly coalition has existed before each and every revival of Babylonian effeminate religion. Genesis is a witness of the earliest literature that documents the racial war of the seedlines. The mongrel has always played upon the heart strings and emotions of the female, eliciting undue pity and empathy all designed to use the white woman as an instrument of war against the white man. What these three ungodly social manifestations have in common is that each is in rebellion against their natural order.
In time past it used to be among our common expressions to refer to Negroes as being “in their place.” This simply meant that it was recognized that the Negro had a designated place of order in the
great scheme of God’s nature. At the dawn of th new revival of the women’s “lib” movement inspired by Jewish socialism, ungodly women seeking to disrupt the social order of the day, were said to be “out of their place,” and it was clearly understood that the philosophy that they were advocating was that of atheistic Jewish Socialism, straight from the Talmud. Today, we hear the expression that “a woman’s place is in the home.” So we may see that our language still bears witness of the Christian teachings that God has ordained an order or place for women. But ungodly women are characterized as those in rebellion to the order of women or the natural place or order that God has ordained for women. Homosexuals are defined by God’s Word as those who pervert nature or the natural order. Simply put they are women who want to be men and men who want to be women.
There is a natural order for the races. It is out of order and unnatural for a black man to want to be white or a white man to want to be black. Thus, the injustice and ungodliness seen in the confusion of Babylon in the coalition of these three perversions of order are seen in their common characteristic of their rebellion against order. Historically, the mongrel is a product of disorder. He is, in his existence, unnatural and out of order. He is neither black nor white. He is, in his existence, born with a natural hatred toward the justice of God. The mongrel philosophy embodied in the Jewish Talmud is a philosophy of hatred toward the justice of God and therefore hatred of the true and Living God.
What most fail to understand is that the mongrel minded mentality of the unnatural seed line is infectious in its mental or spiritual dynamics. The Jew plays upon the rebellious tendencies of those of natural order by convincing them to join him in his hatred and rebellion against the natural justice of
God. In this way, through the degeneration of true Yahwehism and the perversion of true Christianity, the diabolical mentality of Satan uses the white race against itself, for all mongrelization of both the mind and the body has its beginning in the insane and perverted mentality of Satan. The Devil knows that if he can continue to hold the unregenerate and unrenewed white man in his fallen nature to the level of a natural man and prevent that white man from ever returning to his pristine estate and natural order of being indwelled with the Living Mind of God, then the devils know that such a white man is his slave and, as a twice-dead child of hell, can be used as cannon-fodder against the regenerated children of God.
Thus, the Devil’s business is to sow discord among brothers, to misrepresent and lie about the justice of God and what the justice of God demands, for the Devil understands clearly that he is at war with the just judgments of God. Since it is God’s Just Judgment to have ordained the white man as God’s ruler over the earth, then the white man must be utterly destroyed. It is to be remembered that the Jew devils hate Jesus Christ and His white family and that they have no sense of justice or honor. They are in the character and mental behavior of their father the devil who was a liar from the beginning, as we have seen in Genesis. The Jew preaches hatred of Jesus Christ and everything Christian or white and then accuses the Christian of being the hater. The Jew preaches the destruction of the order of God and then lays the blame at the Christian’s door. The Jew invades Christianity and perverts it, then turns his Judeo creation of a false Christianity to his own advantage against the white race. The point is, if one is to expose the Jew-mongel, the very devil himself, one must understand the just judgments of the Living God. If the earth
53
and the societies of men are to survive and if the white race is to ever fulfill its God-ordained destiny in the re-establishment of God’s righteous order of justice, then the white race must be about the business of the Heavenly Father in the reestablishment of the National Socialist Order of the First Heaven on earth.
What white men must ask themselves is, Do they want to continue to live in hell or do they want to live in Heaven? If Heaven, then they must separate the Devil from Paradise; they must bar the way with the Sword of Truth and Justice.
In Isaiah 14 and Ezekiel 28, we are told what happened to the nation of the tree of good and evil who took the serpent as its religious emblem. It says that iniquity was found in the devil and that he was jealous and filled with envy. We are told that he coveted the throne and authority of the Living God. We are also told that this being, this devil, this one time high ranking messenger of God, brainwashed a third of the host of the Heavenly Government of God and drew them off to his way of thinking. In other words, his insanity began to infect the entire world. So the principle that we are taught is that this Satan, this personified Diabolical Mentality that began preaching against the Order of the Living God and therefore ceased to be a messenger or angel of the Living God, was the very first created being of God to seek to overthrow the authority or the throne of God, and of course God rules by His Word.
But we are told that Satan’s scheme was unsuccessful, that God cast him out of heaven, which we know is the paradise or the realm or sphere of authority of God, and He also cast out those messengers who did not keep their first estate but chose to follow him. This is confirmed in Luke 10:18. Jesus testified, “But He said to them, ‘I saw
Satan fall out of Heaven as lightning!'” And so Lucifer, a name that is not necessarily biblical, became the adversary of God, the enemy of God.
The question invariably arises, Was Satan a part of Heaven or the rule and reign of God, or what is known in physical terms as Paradise? The answer is that he was not a part of the sphere of Heaven which is indicative of the reign of God in perfect harmony. He did not have the mind of God. When Satan became insane and of diabolical mentality, in reference to his enmity toward the mind of God, he became totally unjust and insane. He therefore could not be a part of the Heaven of God or the rule of God because he did not have the mind of God. The moment that Satan became insane, he was out of or kicked out of, as fast as lightning, the rule or sphere of Heaven.
The next question is, Why was Satan present in Paradise? The answer is that he did indeed go to and fro among the lively stones of the Living God. It is to be remembered that from God’s point of view, the white Adamic race is God’s portion of the Earth. This, of course, is poetic or cryptic language designed to convey the idea that Satan was present in terms of his mentality; his religion certainly was present in Paradise in terms of the tree of the knowledge of Good and Evil and of course his agents were there preaching their sophistry and perverted religious ideas through the account that we see in the trickery and mental seduction of Eve through the hypnotic and spell-binding and captivating appearance of the Serpent with its ventriloquist act.
Now the point of this discourse is to expand upon the statement made in The Genesis of Evil that Eve was first seduced mentally before she ever participated in degenerate behavior, and that principle holds true today. The Baal preachers and
55
the Kore preachers of this world are in truth in the business of seducing people, they seduce them mentally and spiritually away from the truth of the Living God. It is for this reason that Jesus said, “Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free,” free from the power of the seduction of the Satans of this world. It is therefore important to understand that the devil seduces by lies and half truths and by being in opposition and disagreement to the justice of God and, thereby, calling God a liar. The only way that men may defeat Satan and the diabolical mentality of Satan is to stick to exactly what God has really said and pronounced His just judgments upon in terms of principles taught by the Word/Law of God.
Now this account in Genesis is referred to as the transgression. The Bible teaches that the woman was taken in the transgression, in other words, she was deceived and seduced in the transgression. Adam, of course, also fell or became a failure, a sinner, in the transgression, but the Bible specifically records that he did so as being not deceived. In other words, his sin or failure was greater than the immature woman’s because he was not deceived and he is therefore still held accountable in the responsibility of his original order. So there are a number of principles that begin to emerge when we study the book of Genesis. The first is that it cannot be understood unless it is understood in light of the New Covenant of the Living God in Jesus Christ. Another important principle taught here in Genesis is that the white Adamic nation was subdety seduced and corrupted by false religion, wherein the Adamics succumbed to false religion in the tainting and the perverting of their minds.
So it becomes important for us to understand at this point of the Genesis account that we are dealing with two people, who of course are representative
56
of a nation, who have become insane. They were no longer in possession of the mind of God, they had died spiritual death in the day that they partook of and ingested the forbidden fruit of the carnal knowledge of good and evil of the religion of the Satanic nation. So, in the poetic language of Genesis, we read that in the days before Adam and Eve disobeyed God, they were naked and obviously had always been naked and they were not ashamed (Gen. 2:25), because they were innocent. But now, they had knowledge, the knowledge of good and evil, because they had partaken of the Satanic philosophy and justification religion, and the eyes of their mind were now open and they saw the shame of their nakedness.
One might think that they would immediately fall to their knees and beg forgiveness of God, but they were of course now insane, and they did not. They did not call upon God but instead called upon their new found religion and new knowledge and they thought in their minds how they might remedy or justify the disgraceful or dishonorable situation that they were now in. So they sowed fig-leaves together and made themselves aprons (Gen. 3:7).
We may see that it is but a small step from the deliberate disobedience of man to a curse being placed upon all of the creation or the natural, original order of God, because of the failure of the Adamic nation. The Bible tells us that God walked in the garden, in the park, in the cool of the day, as was His ordinary custom, and when Adam and Eve heard his voice, they ran and hid among the trees. Again, we have the metaphorical reference of trees, and this could mean that they hid themselves among the other acceptable peoples. Then the Bible tells us that God called to Adam and He said, “Adam where art thou.” And the man replied, “I heard thy voice and I was afraid because 1 was naked and I hid
myself." God then asked, “Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree wherefore 1 commanded thee that thou should not eat?” Adam then began to rationalize and make excuse and to try to justify himself and the woman and he said, “The woman whom thou gavest to me, she gave me of the tree and I did eat.”
In this account, we have the first statement of an Adamic man seeking to justify himself by blaming those in his charge. What Adam said was true but it in no way diminished his responsibility toward the Living God. It in no way justified his disobedience of the Word and commands of God. We next note that the woman blamed the serpent in Genesis 3:8-13. Thus, she too, sought to justify herself or to create a phony justification for her ungodly behavior. Now, God, in His infinite justice and in His character of absolute justice, had already judged the situation. God Almighty had already spoken His judgment of what would happen to those who disobeyed His command in the just judgments that He had laid down. Thus, the result was that God cursed the serpent and the woman and the man and all of His orderly creation who would not obey His Word. Satan knew that the justice of God would demand that the Adamic race be cursed for disobedience, and, thus, Satan believed that by this means he could destroy the Adamic race and the plan and purpose of the Justice of God. Satan actually believed that by this means he could defeat the Living God.
But the Living God now shows His omnipotence and He promises a Deliverer of the seed of the woman who would deliver the soul from damnation, the soul of the Adamic race; a Deliverer who would one day deliver all of God’s creation from the curse, for as by one man’s disobedience many were made
58
failures, so by the obedience of One would many be made justified or righteous (Rom. 5:19).
In summary, what was lost in Paradise was the indwelling, anointed, Mind of the Living God. The account is to illustrate and convey to us that the first Adamics lost the anointing of the Mind of God indwelling. So, in plain language, the first Adamics lost the Mind of God. This concept becomes important when we seek to understand what the true nature of the first Adamic man was in his pristine estate of creation. This same understanding becomes important when we seek to understand what is meant by man being described as a living soul or an inspired being. It is obvious that the first Adamic man was created to house or be indwelled by the Spirit or Mentality of God. This tells us that the pristine nature or the true nature of the Adamic man is to be in possession of or imbued with the Mind of God in true God-consciousness. In plain language, this means that the first Adamic men were created to have the Mentality or the Mind of God abiding. They were to have a portion of the Mind of God. In their true nature, they were anointed.
Thus, the purpose of the Genesis account is to show you and I what was lost in Paradise. What was lost to you and I as members of the Adamic race was the spiritual life of having possession of the Anointing Mind of God. This also tells us what it means to be a living soul. The Bible teaches clearly that the Adamic man or racial family was created unique in that God breathed into man the inspiration of His Mind and that inbreathing constituted the Adamic man to be a living soul. When the woman was taken in the transgression and she in turn acted as temptress to cause the fall of the Adamic man through disobedience, the Adamic race died spiritual death as previously
59
ordained by the justice of God. The Bible says that in the day they would eat, they would die. Now the Bible goes on to specifically state that Adam physically lived 930 years after the day of his fall or failure. So we know that we are talking about spiritual death, not physical death. When we speak of spiritual, we are talking about mental death, but it is of a specific spirit-mind that we are in reference to: it is in reference to the Mentality of God.
So what Adamic man died to or was alienated from, which is the meaning of death, was the sharing of the Mentality or Mind of God. I have commented upon this in my work. The Baptism of Fire. The point made therein is that God is so just that He can only be mindful of us when we are just, and the only way that we can be made just is to be given the just mind of God abiding. God is so honorable, with such divine integrity and justice, that He cannot be mindful of those who are unjust and dishonorable.
So Adam died mental death in the day that he rebelled and disobeyed God. He lost the spiritual integrity and honor of the Just Mind of God. He succumbed to the insanity of the mongrel mind of the Diabolical Mentality, and in God’s sight, because he had an unjust mind, he became unjust, having only the mind of a natural man in the same fashion as those natural men he was created to rule over. He forfeited the Mentality of God. He remained a soul in the body sense, but not a living soul in the pristine sense of his creation.
Thus, in the pristine creation of the Adamic man, who was created a living soul, he was indeed created in possession of immortality so long as he was in possession of the Mentality of God. On the day of the transgression, he ceased to be a living soul because he ceased to have the life-giving Mentality or the Mentality of the Life of God. In other words.
60
God’s justice had already decreed the law that in the day that the Adamics ate of the forbidden fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, they would die mental or spiritual death. This just judgment of God was decreed before the fall or failure of Adamics and God’s justice had no choice but to implement the curse or the punishment of the decree. In other words, God’s justice demanded that the decree of His Word be fulfilled and that they die mental or spiritual death on the day that they disobeyed or transgressed the decree or law of God.
Therefore, the principles of the Genesis account teach that Adam became a dead soul, dead to the life of the Spirit of God. We will notice that it was the design of the Devil to make God’s most wondrous creation of the Adamic man equal to the natural men. We will also notice that the Satanic religious and political philosophy, when contrasted to the justice of God, has never changed. It was never the intention of God, in His orderly arrangement or His world order, to create all beings equal, for it is a self-manifested truth that all peoples or races of the world are not equal. Thus, it is pure insanity to profess to believe in the Living God and to profess to believe in the equality of races at the same time. To make such a profession is to deny the God-ordained order of the Book of Genesis.
Adam became without immortality because only God has immortality. Now it is important to note that Adam in his pristine nature, in his true nature, was not created as a dead soul, but was created to be a living soul with everlasting immortality in the Spirit Mind of God. But Adam failed to keep God’s Word, he failed to obey God and what he lost was the immortality of the Spirit of God which was
61
withdrawn from him immediately when he made the decision of his own volition to disobey God.
Now Adam remained a soulful creature. He possessed a body capable of immortality through procreation, but not individually in terms of his spiritual existence having everlasting life. The insanity to which he degenerated to, of the status of a natural man or a fleshly man, caused him to lose the thoughts and Mind of God, to no longer be able to understand the plan and purpose of God. Adam simply became a dishonorable creature, not in his pure racial composition which remained for those who did not commit the racial sin unto death, for it is self-evident that the immortality of the Adamic body/soul continues in the process of procreation and little white children continue to be born innocent.
Yet, because of the capitulation of Adam to the Satanic nation and philosophy, little white children are born into a degenerated and Satanic world ruled over by the insane mentality of the Devil who has declared himself the god of this world. Thus, every white child of the divine race of God is born in jeopardy and without being raised up in the way that they should go, in the knowledge of the justice of God that is in Jesus Christ, they too will eventually be tempted as were the first Adams and seduced into becoming the twice-dead children of hell. Persuasion comes by hearing. True hearing comes only by the true Word of God and, just men of God, I ask you, How shall they hear without a preacher? How shall your race be delivered from the living death of the mongrelized mind except that they be told the truth and the way to justification that is only by the wondrous cleansing blood of the innocent Lamb of God.
It is clear that the Book of Genesis never taught physical immortality for the Adamics since they are
62
and were constrained to live under the laws of physical nature and creation. The Bible says that it is appointed unto man once to die, in reference to physical death. On the other hand, the Bible teaches that it was never the will of God that the Adamic man on an individual basis or a national racial basis die spiritual death. Thus, it is important to understand that there are two concepts regarding soul taught in the Book of Genesis, at least by implication. One is that there is such a thing in the pristine existence of Adam as being a living soul, and with his spiritual death, he then became a soul, which rendered him on the same par and level with other created beings who were never created with a living soul, but were simply soulful living creatures, not living souls. Yet, it is also made clear in the Genesis account that it was the birthright of Adam to be a person or creation with a living soul. Thus, God promised that He would send a Redeemer who would redeem Adam from his transgression and make it possible for Adam to return to his previous state of being a living soul.
The Book of Genesis continues to describe for us the consequences of the Adamic insanity that came into the world and it tells us the consequences of the growth of the phony justification religion known as the knowledge of good and evil and the consequences that it had on the old world and how it brought about the judgment of God in the flood. It becomes important to understand and realize that this account is in reference to a specific area of the world, believed by the best scholars to be the Tamarian basin, and that is where the best evidence indicates that the Biblical flood took place.
The Bible continues and Genesis 4:1-2 records the birth of Cain and Abel, the sons of Adam and Eve, and after Cain killed Abel in Genesis 4:8, he went out from the presence of the Lord and dwelt
63
in the land of Nod and built a city. He also took a wife from there and this indicates that the only logical explanation for this statement was that there were indeed other nations, other races, and other peoples (Genesis 4:16-17), and this was the beginning of a degenerated civilization. We continue and find in Genesis 4:25 that Seth was born and that Seth was the pure racial seed and the pure spiritual seed or the seed was renewed in Seth. In Genesis 5, there is a detailed record of his birth and death, with the exception of verse 24 which records the translation of Enoch. Then in chapter 6, we find that man began to multiply; daughters were born to them, and the sons of God saw the daughters of men to be desirable and they desired them because they were beautiful. So they took wives, all of which they chose. The Bible says that there were giants in the earth in those days and when the sons of God came into the daughters of men and they bore them children, that these same became the mighty men which were men of renown.
Then the Bible records that God saw that the wickedness of men was great in the earth and that every imagination of the thoughts of the heart was continuously evil, and it repented the Lord God that He had made man on the earth, and it grieved Him in His heart, and the Lord said, “I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth, both man and the beast and the creeping things and the fouls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them* (Genesis 6:1-17). We next see that Noah found favor in the eyes of God and the only way that Noah could have found favor in the eyes of God was by believing what God had said about the flood. Of course, Noah was pure in his generation or race and he was the only one who did believe God and he had enough influence over his children to lead them into righteousness or the
64
justice of God, and the rest of the people on the earth in that area thought Noah was a fanatic and a fool. Their minds were made up that there would be no deluge of water as God had said because it had never rained, at least in the Tamarian basin, and they simply did not believe it.
The Bible tells us,
“Being warned by God about the things not yet having been seen, moved with fear, by persuasion Noah prepared an ark for the salvation of his house; by which he condemned the world, and became heir of the justice according to persuasion” (Heb 11:7-AST).
Noah was living in a world order, ruled by the mentality of Satan, that could not hear or believe the Living God. In Genesis 6:3, the Bible says that the Lord God said,
“My Spirit shall certainly not remain among these men forever, because they are flesh, but their days shall be an hundred and twenty years.”
The only reasonable explanation for this verse is that those words were spoken one hundred and twenty years before the flood, and therefore Noah was 120 years building the ark if that be true. The minds of the people were blinded by Satan and Satanic religion and they refused to believe that God would make it rain. Thus, when we come to the judgment of the flood and we seek to understand what happened, it becomes clear that the minds and imaginations of the people were continually upon evil, they were totally reprobate in their minds, that is their minds were rejected by the Living God. They
65
were so evil that God had repented that He had even created or made them, and so God destroyed the world that then was, saving only Noah and his family, eight souls, through the ark in the days of the flood.
Now let us turn our attention to understanding the estate of the mind as discussed by the Apostle Paul in reference to various spiritual or mental conditions cited in the New Covenant. Paul says,
“For those according to flesh mind the things of the flesh; and those according to the Mentality, the things of the Mentality. For the minding of the flesh is death, but the minding of the Mentality is life and peace. Because of this, the minding of the flesh is enmity towards God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither can it be. And those being in the flesh are not able to please God. But you are not in the flesh but in the Mentality, since the Mentality of God dwells in you. But if anyone does not have the Mentality of the Anointed, this one is not His" (Rom. 8:5-9 AST).
Paul here contrasts the fleshly man, the carnal man, the natural man, to the regenerated, spiritual man who has been restored to his true nature of having the Mind of God. Paul states that the carnal mind or the fleshly mind is at enmity or at war with God. He teaches that to be fleshly minded or to be operating in the natural fleshly mind on the same level in a supposed equality with those beings designated as natural men is the estate of death, and because of the justice of God, invariably results in death. This categorization includes white Adamic men who have not been restored to a just mind or justified by the blood or the sacrifice of Jesus Christ.
66
In Scripture, the blood is metaphorical of the innocent and just Jesus Christ.
We have already learned in Genesis and from the New Testament that what white men fell to was the equality or being equal to the natural or fleshly man. In verse 26 and 27, Paul speaks of the indwelling spirit which is the white man’s only hope of being regenerated back to his original created estate. Mechanically speaking, this is in reference to the Baptism of Fire and the renewing of the Mind. But Paul is not talking about something that we do for ourselves. He is not talking about simply turning over a new leaf or having a change of mind. He is talking about something that only the Living God can do. For only God can resurrect us from our fallen estate of death and restore us back to our original creation. The Scriptures teach that this can only occur by our receiving the gift of the Mentality of God or the Mind of Christ. Paul sheds further light on the mind of the believer when he says,
“And likewise, the Mentality also joins in to help our weaknesses. For we do not know what we ought to pray for, but the Mentality Himself pleads our case with groanings that cannot be uttered. But He searching the heart knows what is the mind of the Mentality, because He intercedes for the Separated Ones according to God” (Romans 8:26-27 AST).
This mentality, received as the gift of God, is something more than our mental abilities. Paul is teaching that in our fallen estate, as Adamic men who have fallen to be on the same mental level in terms of spiritual sight as the natural men or races of the world, we are, in truth, incapable of thinking just thoughts or even of truly understanding the justice of God. In plain language, we are intellectual
67
and emotional wrecks, infected with the death of the mongrelization of the mind. Paul declares that the gift of the anointing of the Mind of God that comes to us only by believing God and surrendering our will to the Word of God, is the only power or hope that can make us just before a just God. The Bible says, “For as many as are led by the Spirit, to them gave he power to become the sons of God.” And so we see that it is God Himself who regenerates us and restores us and washes our minds with His fiery truth until they are once again matured or made perfect in the understanding of His plan and purpose and justice.
So when Paul tells us that it is the Mentality of God that helps our weaknesses and that makes intercession for us, and that searches the heart and mind and is the only power that knows the Mentality of the Mind of the Living God, then he is illustrating to us the very workings of the Baptism of Fire that Jesus Christ came to baptize with. In Ephesians 2:1-3, Paul continues and gives a word-picture of the unregenerate mind, the mind of the natural man,
“And you being dead in the transgressions and in the failures, in which you used to walk according to the fashion of this world, according to the ruler of the authority of the lower earthly air, the mentality now working in the sons of disobedience, among whom also we all conducted ourselves in the lusts of our flesh, doing the things willed of the flesh and of the mind, and were children of anger by nature, even as the rest” (AST).
In the language of the King James Version, it says “you hath he quickened* or made alive or animated to the original estate that the first Adamic
68
men knew as they were in communion with and had the thoughts of God. It says, “dead in the transgressions and failures” sins, and lawlessness. This is in reference to the divine laws of establishment in Genesis, for it is the entire argument of the New Testament that that which alienated and degenerated the Adamic race was their disobedience to the just judgments of the Justice of God as expressed in His laws of creation and Divine Establishment.
Paul reminds the Christians, “In which you used to walk according to the fashion of this world.” They had walked in conformity to the degenerated, Satanic world order. Now he clarifies that statement even more by identifying the Satanic mentality as being the ruler of the authority of the lower earthly air or atmosphere. Paul, who, is speaking to white, Adamic, regenerated members of the racial family of God, now says, “Among whom also we all conducted ourselves in the lusts of our flesh, doing the things willed of the flesh and of the mind.” Paul is telling us that it is only when the mind of the Adamic white man comes under control of the Separated Mentality of God that the desires of the flesh are no longer fulfilled. The Mosaic system or economy was predicated upon administrating the principles and laws of God, but it was weak in that it could do nothing to stop the degenerating of the white society.
As good and holy as were the principles of law, the mongrel Jews still found a way to cause civil war, to infiltrate the Government, and to eventually set themselves up as religious authorities over Judea, because what was regulated was behavior under social laws and standards. But the Mosaic system failed, though it fulfilled its purpose because it could not deal with the root cause of ungodly men and ungodly women. Today, there are millions who are
religious but are lost to the Mind of God, and they blaspheme the Justice of God because they violate the very foundational principles of the laws of God, and they are very religious, going about to establish their own justification, and in the process, they pervert the true religion of the Living God that is predicated upon the justice of God. It should be obvious to any thinking person that the Devil is very adept at using religion and the minds of the unregenerate white men in opposition to the survival of the white race. In Colossians 1:21-22, Paul speaks of the mind or the estate of mind that makes a man an enemy of the Living God. We note that the Apostle was writing to Colossian believers, but he reminded them,
“And you were then alienated and enemies in the thoughts of your mind by your evil actions; but now He completely restored in the body of His flesh, through His death, to present you separated and blameless and without charge before Him” (AST).
Paul specifically warns Timothy concerning men of corrupt minds, men who had made it their business to stir up envy and strife, whom Paul describes as being destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness. We have had such men calling themselves Christians throughout history and it is small wonder that we have such men today calling themselves Identity Christians. We notice carefully that the field of activity for those stirring up strife and who were destitute of truth was the field of religious activity. It is the height of stupidity and a manifestation of a corrupt mind for a man to say that he is an Identity Christian and then deny the superiority of the White Race. It is the manifestation of the mongrel mind who declares himself an
70
Identity Christian and then turns to teach that mongrels should be allowed into the Government of God. When it came to such men in the first century, Paul advised the young Timothy, “But you, O man of God, flee these things” (I Tim. 6:11 AST). Paul clearly understood that such men were mongrelized in their mind and that mongrelization of the mind by the diabolical mentality is just as dangerous and just as evil as the physical mongrel. In II Timothy 3:8, Paul warned Timothy against men like Jannes and Jambres, who
“opposed Moses, so also these oppose the truth, men having been mongrelized in mind, unapproved concerning the persuasion” (AST).
We have our Janneses and Jambreses in Identity today. They will not submit themselves to the truth of the justice of God, and they too, like these men of corrupted mind, believe that they have a better political solution or a better religious solution than what is taught in the Word of God. They play Mr. Niceguy and the humble-inquirer just like the snake in Eden, and when they are confronted with the truth, they pretend ignorance and claim that they are only now learning the truth. One might ask, If they are only now learning, why are they preaching and why have they set themselves up to steal God’s money and have influence over God’s people? Such a stupid statement would not be acceptable from a surgeon or a housebuilder. The same people who would not allow a surgeon to cut on them who told them that he was only now learning his profession are the same people who entrust their eternal destiny to false shepherds who openly admit that they do not know what they are doing or what they are saying. In other words, they have never been
71
part the mind of the Adamic white man has to play on the issue of reconciliation and regeneration to the Mind of God. In the first chapter of Romans, as we have said before, Paul declares the whole world guilty before God and maladjusted to the justice of God. He declares that there is no difference when it comes to maladjustment between the white Judeans or the civilized nations of the Greek or Scynthians. He says that all have sinned or failed and come short of the reputation of God and states that God’s wrath is kindled against all ungodliness and unrighteousness. He goes on to explain that when men knew God, in reference to the Genesis account, that they refused to repute Him or glorify Him as God. To refuse the principles stated in the Genesis account is to refuse God’s laws of order and divine establishment. Paul continues and tells us,
“Nor were they thankful, but became vain in their reasoning, and their undiscerning heart was darkened. Professing to be wise, they became foolish, and changed the reputation of the unmongrelizable God into a likeness of an image of a mongrelized man, and of birds, and four-footed animals, and reptiles” (Rom. 1:21-23 AST).
These people were vain in their reasoning. The King James has “vain in their imagination, ” but the literal translation is “vain in their reasoning.” Paul is speaking of the Genesis account where we are told that every imagination or idea or creation of the mind was continually on evil and the people of whom Paul speaks were empty, vain, no good, profane. Paul is simply saying that their thoughts were perverted, they no longer knew how to think justly because they had rejected the just judgments of God.
73
Therefore, their hearts were darkened, in reference to the inner man of their mind. Their minds were covered with the darkness of the death of the insanity of Satan and the Bible says, “Professing to be wise, they became foolish.” The Bible defines as a fool he who has said in his heart that there is no God or denied the existence of the true and Living God by denying the revelation of the true character of God as manifested in His Just Judgments in His Word. In other words, they had rejected the true God because they had rejected the just judgments of the true God, and in their own wisdom or the wisdom of the Satanic world, they were religious, but they were in truth worshipping the God of this world, Satan. For they had in truth said in their heart that there is no true God, they had declared that God’s Word isn’t true; therefore, they rejected the God that said those words. The God that they now believed in was a mongrelized God, created in the image and a product of mongrelized man from a mongrelized man.
Therefore, Paul says that men changed the reputation of the unmongrelizable God into a likeness of an image of a mongrelized man, and of birds, and four-footed animals, and reptiles, and the result was that their reasoning became darkened and vain and because they stopped worshipping the true God by believing the just judgments of the true God, Romans 1:24-27 tells us,
“Because of this, God gave them up to mongrelization in the lusts of their hearts, their bodies to be dishonored among themselves - who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed to the ages. So be it.
“Because of this, God gave them up to dishonorable deaths, for even their females changed natural sex to that opposed to nature; and likewise, the males also forsaking natural sex with the females, burned in their lust one toward another, males with males participating in indecency, and receiving back in themselves the reward which was appropriate for their digression” (AST).
When men leave the God-ordained world order of the divine laws of establishment as witnessed in Genesis and confirmed in nature itself, to be ruled by ungodly women, such a man becomes an effeminate pervert, unmanly because he has refused his God-ordained order of men. Ungodly women who leave and forsake the order of women taught in Genesis, and confirmed in the New Testament, to usurp authority over men have perverted the laws of nature and the order of God. What we see today in degenerated, Judeo so-called Christianity, with blatant lesbianism and homosexuality and the mongrel, Jewish, atheistic socialization of America, with its exaltation of the mongrel Jew as the chosen people of God and the natural man of the Negro race exalted and worshipped in every basketball shrine and gladiator arena in America is but the effect of the cause stated in the Book of Genesis.
How far can corruption and degeneration continue? The answer is until the white race is completely destroyed or until white men return to the justice of God. What we see today in the mongrel, Jewish socialization and the coalitions between ungodly women, effeminate men, homosexuals, and mongrels, is nothing new to the history of the world. Mongrel, Jewish socialization in its fight against the order of the Living God has
been the definition of the war of the two seedlines since the earliest recorded history.
Again, Paul focuses on the importance of the mind in relationship to the justification of God, for he now says of these people,
"And even as they did not think it right to have God in their knowledge, God gave them up to a rejected mind, to do the things not right. Having been filled with all injustice, wickedness, greediness, cowardly evil, full of envy, murders, quarrels, adulterated seductions, maliciousness, becoming gossipers, slanderers, God-haters, insolent, arrogant boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, unintelligent, covenant-breakers, without natural affections, holding grudges, unmerciful; who knowing the judgment of God, that not only are the ones practicing such things worthy of death, but also all those giving consent to the practicing of them” (Rom. 1:28-32 AST).
One could comment for hours on this one Scripture alone, but I believe that the key statement here is that they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, for even though they knew the divine laws of establishment and order, their entire problem was that they wanted to forget God’s justice and sweep it under the carpet of their memory. Whenever this is done, it is an act of perverting the truth of God and it is precisely what opens the door to the mongrelized mind of the Jew and his false religion.
Today, the same thing occurs almost daily. Men are confronted with the divine laws of establishment and order and they are caused to look into God’j
76
perfect mirror of His Word. They are challenged on the racial truths of God’s Word, and they are made to see their fallen estate of a natural man and the dirt and filth that Satan has placed upon their brain. While I rejoice to know that there are a few who are coming to God’s Word, who are claiming the justice of God administered by the cleansing and covering blood of Jesus Christ, I also know that the majority of the Adamic race for whom the Word of God was written look into that perfect mirror of justice, as the Book of Jacob describes it, and they go away, becoming forgetful hearers, and it is all because they do not like to retain the knowledge of God in their mind.
Time and space will not permit me to go into further detail, but again, I encourage the reader to read my booklet. The Baptism of Fire, which is a commentary upon the true baptism taught in the Christian Scnpture.
Having raised the discussion and importance of the mind in adjustment to the justice of God, there remains one other point that many of my brothers have asked me to comment upon in connection with understanding the justice of God, and that is the relationship of works in the true Christian faith, in reference to those White Adamic men and women who have claimed the all-sufficient blood of the Lamb of God.
Are favor and actions antagonistic concepts in the Bible? Popular Judeo theology, without a doubt, has confused a great number of people on the issue as to whether faith is antagonistic towards works or actions. Many people have been deceived and diluted into thinking that we are somehow saved by faith only, and much of this blame can be laid at the door of Martin Luther and his personal preconceptions and prejudices for Mr. Luther was a product of his time and reactionary and therefore brought forth a
77
reactionary theology that was in reaction to the Libertine extreme that was then being voiced by the Roman Catholic Church, and the truth is, Mr. Luther did not really identify the enemy of the Jew until much later in his reforming career.
So as a result of these things, many people believe that we are saved by faith only and therefore all works are eliminated of future consequences. What most people fail to understand on this issue is that there are works that are excluded and those included, or, in Separatist terms, there are living works and dead works. One problem that has contributed to this misunderstanding is the word works as it appears in the New Testament. It does not always mean the same thing. Like many words that appear in the New Testament, its usage must be determined by the particular application in the context wherein it occurs. The failure of Bible students to study the Word of God exegetically in the context of it is the primary reason for the misunderstanding of the concept of works or actions.
Popular religionists and denominationalists, of course, take advantage of the laziness of people and they have concocted doctrines to explain their denominational position on a given issue such as works and in the process they have created Biblical paradoxes and in many cases made the Bible appear to be contradictory in and of itself. This is a very great danger, for whenever the Bible is misrepresented by men, no matter how sincerely motivated, it invariably opens the door to criticism by people who do not believe the Bible. Martin Luther was not wrong in asserting the Biblical fact that we are justified by faith, or by the belief of the persuasion of Christ. Thus, part of our individual salvation, and, as a consequence, national salvation, is the idea that we are justified by faith or the
78
persuasion of Christ to receive the gift of God. But while this is true, the Bible also teaches that we are not saved by faith or persuasion only.
There is, therefore, a distinct difference between salvation or justification by faith or persuasion and salvation or justification by persuasion only. The Bible teaches that we are saved or justified by persuasion or the belief of the persuasion of Jesus Christ, but it does not teach that we are saved by persuasion only or by faith only. The actions of faith or persuasion are indicative of a mental or spiritual action of belief. It is the exercise of the will of the mind to believe. Exercising persuasion is therefore a mental exercise of the spirit or of the mind. In simple terms, it is the act of the mind giving assent or intellectual assent to the belief system of Jesus Christ, and we might add to this definition, as it has pleased Almighty God to reveal His Will and belief system by and through His Word.
Therefore, when we couple together the concept of justification and persuasion, we realize immediately that the persuasion of Christ is to produce justification. In other words, true belief in Christ, which is indicative of the person’s surrender of his intellectual, volitional, and emotional mind, is to be understood of a certain course that is to be run. In other words, true persuasion in Christ produces fruit. The normal fruit that is produced is justification. What Paul is actually teaching is the true definition for true belief. He is saying that mental assent to Christ is not enough, especially if it does not have the end result of producing the fruit of justification.
Therefore, true belief in Jesus Christ, or being persuaded by the teachings of Christ, can only be known and understood by the fruit it produces. By their fruits, you will know them. If a man says that
79
he has faith or believes in the persuasion or has understood and apprehended the faith of Christ and he does not in his life produce the fruit of that persuasion, in his mental behavior and physical behavior, then no matter what the man may say, he is manifested as a nonbeliever. Thus, when Martin Luther went to the extreme of adding the word “only” to the Word “faith” in his translation, he virtually destroyed any true understanding of the concept of justification by faith because such a concept is not Biblical, but in truth, is the product of the reactionary theology of Martin Luther.
Martin Luther’s reactionary theology caused him to discredit or reject the authenticity of the Book of James, which is actually the Book of Jacob. That which troubled him the most with the Book of Jacob was Jacob’s statement that faith without works is dead, being alone. For Luther, faith and works were antagonistic of each other. Luther was simply operating in his subjective reasoning and reacting to the extreme works theology of the Catholic Church, who were of course selling indulgences. Luther failed to understand that his failure to stick to what the Word of God actually says was just as detrimental as the extreme position of the Catholic Church and would, in time, lead men away from the truth and produce as much extremism in the other direction as the Catholics had produced in theirs.
With this in mind, let us now turn to look at some of the statements of Paul on this all important issue. In Romans 3:28 (AST), Paul says, “Then we conclude a man to be justified by persuasion without actions of law.” Martin Luther was not satisfied with the statement as it appeared in the original Greek and added the concept of faith only or alone. That, of course, made the statement entirely different and made the Word of God to say
80
something that is in opposition to what it really teaches. Thus, we see that mere intellectual assent or comprehension of the persuasion or faith in Christ does not meet the criteria of true Bible belief or persuasion that is to produce the fruit of justification, for Jacob said, under the inspiration of Almighty God, that persuasion or faith, pistis, without works is dead, being alone or by itself.
Thus, the Bible defines mere intellectual assent without fruits of action as dead faith. On the other hand, Paul further defines true faith or living faith in his original writings by connecting persuasion or pistis with justification. Thus, we see that the Bible does indeed teach justification by faith or achieving justification through persuasion. In Romans 5:1 (AST), Paul says, “Then being justified by persuasion, we have peace with God through our Master Jesus Anointed.”
It therefore becomes clear that the end product of the belief of the persuasion of Christ is the actions of the justification. Thus, persuasion in Christ is not merely comprehension of the teachings of Christ, but rather an intellectual comprehension that produces the apprehension of the teachings of Christ through trust and obedience. Moreover, true persuasion in the teachings of Christ must produce fruit. The metaphor of fruit is indicative of the cause and effect principles inherent in the persuasion of Christ.
Thus, the Apostle Paul and Jacob are both operating in the same inspiration and of the same mind, for Jacob’s declaration that faith without works or actions is dead, being alone, is in complete harmony with the actual teachings of Paul. Both inspired writers are defining the very meaning of living faith. To teach that Paul taught justification by faith only is a scientific absurdity. Moreover, such a teaching is contradictory of almost every other
81
passage of Scripture given to us by the inspired Paul.
In Galatians 5:6, Paul demanded of the Galatians a persuasion which worked by or through racial love. It is clear that Paul was not saved by faith only in his own conversion, he was saved by faith or persuasion that worked by a faith that obeyed by a faith that took the Lord at His own Word and did not question or contradict the teachings of Christ. Thus, Paul and all the other Apostles, practiced a living faith as opposed to dead, dried-up, intellectual faiths, or even emotional will-worship. In plain language, they lived what they believed. Their belief system and the belief of the teachings of Christ produced living actions predicated upon the concepts and teachings of Christ in the experimental or actual world. They were Christian Socialists, dedicated to establishing a just social system.
In other words, the apostolic faith was not merely intellectual assent or intellectual belief, it was the belief of principles and truth that produced actions in the physical world. Thus, there is no such concept taught in the Bible as faith without actions. Rather, the Bible teaches that there is a living persuasion that is animated or known to be alive by the actions it produces. The action that living faith produces is justification. A living and true faith moves us to actions that justify our claim of belief of the persuasion of Christ.
Thus, true faith in Christ is not merely intellectual comprehension but also includes acts of life or living actions that can only be seen in our behavior. There is no denying that works have a part in our justification; this is made clear by Jacob in Jacob 2:24 (AST) when he says, “You see then that by actions a man is justified, and not by persuasion only.” Thus, we see that both Paul and Jacob are in complete harmony in their teaching
82
when it comes to teaching that works are a part of the justification process.
As I said before, the term works is indicative of living actions that express one’s belief in the concepts and teachings of Christ. It is the animation of the principles of Christ in the behavioral world. It is to be remembered that Christ was teaching National Socialism in the restoration of the Government of God that had originally been ordered and preordained by God in His just judgments of the Divine Laws of Establishment and Order.
But we now come face to face with the question of what kind of works Jacob and Paul are talking about, what kind of actions? In Jacob, we find the Apostle speaking of works that are included; on the other hand, Paul speaks of works or actions that are excluded. As we have said before, there is a living faith and a dead faith and there are living works and dead works. To understand the difference in the works spoken of by Jacob and Paul, let us first understand what the difference is in the works that are excluded that Paul is speaking of. In Galatians 5:19, Paul speaks of the works of the flesh. It is clear that these works or actions or behavior are excluded. Paul is saying that anyone who produces such behavior in the physical world does so in opposition to the principles that constitute the persuasion or faith/belief system of Christ.
In other words, in this passage, Paul enumerates a number of works or living actions that take place in the behavior of our fleshly bodies in the strength of the mentality of the natural man or the unregenerate man that are excluded as acceptable from the persuasion of Christ. The actions of behavior that he cites are such things as fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, etc. He speaks of these activities as works or actions of the flesh in
opposition to a true and living faith in Christ. Paul is citing behavior or animated degenerate works that are excluded from the faith in Christ and he tells us clearly that those who practice such things will not inherit the Government of God (Gal. 5:21).
MNow the actions of the flesh are clearly revealed, which are:	Mongrelization,
whoredom, impurity, raping, idol-service, pharmakeia, enmities, strife, jealousies, angers, rivalries, divisions, heresies, envyings, [murders], drunkenness, revellings, and things like these, which I tell before, as also I said previously, that those practicing these things will not inherit the government of God. But the fruit of the Mentality is: honorable brotherly love, joy, peace, longsuffering, kindness, goodness, persuasion, meekness, self* control; against such things there is no law” (Gal. 5:19-24 AST).
In this discussion, I have sought to focus upon answering the question of how Adamic men are made just before the Living God. We have seen in this study that it was and is Satan’s tactic to destroy the Adamic nation by perverting and corrupting the minds of Adamic men, by seeking to destroy their knowledge of the just judgments and the just order of the Living God. We have seen that the Bible clearly teaches that the unregenerate, unrenewed, and non-born from above white man has in this day and hour only one hope for being returned to his God-intended nature of being just before God and being restored to the divine nature that is only in and possible through the receiving of the gift of the Mind of Christ or Anointing. Thus, the Scriptures tell the white man, “Let this mind be in you which
was also in Christ Jesus” (Phil. 2:5). This raises the question of how is it possible for a believer to possess the mind or Holy Spirit which was in Christ Jesus? I believe that the Scripture answers this question in Romans 12:1-2, where the Bible says,
“Therefore, I beseech you brothers, through the compassions of God, to present your body a living sacrifice, separated, well-pleasing to God, your reasonable service. And do not be conformed to this age, but be transformed by the renewing of the mind, in order to prove by you what is the good and well-pleasing and perfect will of God” (AST).
I further believe that the renewing of the mind may be explained in its mechanical operation through the truthful teaching on the one true baptism taught in Scripture, which is called the Baptism of Fire, and which I have dealt with in my booklet, The Baptism of Fire. It is clear that the Scripture describes the true believer in I Corinthians 2:15-16 as a person who is in possession of the Spirit or Mind of God. The Scripture says (AST),
“But one with the Mentality, truly, discerns all things, but he is discerned by no one. For who knew the mind of the Master? Who will teach Him? But we have the mind of the Anointed.”
When it is understood that the word heart and mind are both used in reference to the inner or spiritual man and we realize that the mind is that which knows and thinks and reasons and retains and that the heart is the seat of emotions, love, hate, etc., and that it is from the heart that the issues of
85
life proceed, then we understand that it is from the heart that evil thoughts and good thoughts have their origin. When a white, Adamic man is renewed in his mind by the entrance of the mind of God abiding, then it is clear that this action of God is comparable to a resurrection from the dead, a being born from above or born anew and that it is God in that process that gives the Adamic a new heart (Ezekiel 36:26). In that respect, old things have passed away and all things have become new (II Cor. 5:17), and in that way, salvation is Christ in the believer (Col. 1:27). At the same time, the believer is in Christ (Col. 3:3; Rom. 1:8). By that means, in the process of the true baptism of fire in the renewing of the mind, the fallen Adamic man is once again elevated to his pristine condition and thereby becomes partaker of the divine nature (II Pet. 1:4).
In addition to these divinely declared principles of Scripture, in I John 2:20, 27, we read,
“And you have an anointing from the Separated One, and you know all. . . • And the anointing which you received from Him remains in you, and you have no need that anyone teach you; but as His anointing teaches you concerning all things, and it is true, and it is not a lie, and as He taught you, remain in Him” (AST).
Thus, the Scripture makes it clear that the anointing is the abiding Mind of Christ and according to II Cor. 1:21, 22, we are told that,
“But He confirming us and anointing us with you in the Anointed is God. And He having sealed us, and giving the earnest of the Mentality in our hearts” (AST).
1
if	t . f
I believe that these Scriptures make it clear that when we are persuaded by the belief of the persuasion or reputation of God’s Word to believe that God’s judgments are righteous and true, and we are thus drawn by the Spirit of Truth into the restoration of communion with our Father, that upon believing the Word of our Father, and confessing our Father’s just judgments to be just and true, that is when our Father reckons to our account the vicarious and innocent blood of Jesus Christ, and declares us innocent and thereby restores us to a justified and honorable estate in that we are restored to intellectual integrity by receiving the gift of the indwelling mind of God. By this means, I believe that God our Father anoints us and seals us with His abiding and Holy Mentality (Eph. 4:30).
Thus, when one claims to be a Separated Christian, he is claiming the very presence of Christ in the person of the Holy Spirit abiding in his mind. He is claiming the anointing of the Mind of God to be his indwelling and personal possession. It therefore becomes self-evident that possession of the Holy Spirit or the Mind of God is by the Word of God a verifiable fact. By this I mean, since God the Holy Spirit wrote the Word of God using Adamic men as His physical instruments and since the Holy Spirit has revealed His Just Judgments, norms, standards, and thoughts in the written Word of God, and since the Bible specifically claims that the Holy Spirit of Almighty God’s Mind does not contradict His written Word in its original autographs, and therefore the Word of God does not contradict the true Spirit of Truth, then possession of the Holy Spirit is a verifiable and knowable fact. In other words, if you meet someone who claims to be religious, yet his behavior or teachings contradict the expressed teachings of the
87
Living Word of God, then that man does not have the Anointing, for the Holy Spirit does not contradict Himself. This simple truth of trying the mentalities alludes the vast majority of Adamic men because the majority are in truth walking in selfjustification religious systems. All such apostate persuasions always seek to lessen the standards and requirements of the true persuasion by lowering the requirements of a full and saving knowledge of truth to simply an undefined general knowledge of truth. They, in truth, make an establishment of evil.
The Bible makes it clear that there is knowledge of truth that does not save anyone. The standard of full knowledge of truth held forth in the true Word of God requires a 100% commitment to the Just Judgments of God and the truth of His Word on the part of the believer. Any lesser standard is a perversion of the truth. Any lesser commitment on the part of the believer results in failure. Any compromise of a single essential principle leads the would-be believer off the predestined path of truth and salvation.
Thus, peace with God is obtained only by ceasing to be the enemy of God, by admitting the justice of God in His judgments and by a complete and total commitment to the establishment and enforcement of His Just Judgments. Christianity is therefore not a religion, but a way of life and of living. It is the receiving of the Mind of God in the renewing of our minds, being led by the Mind of God wherein He has given us the power to be restored to our original created nature and to once again, as individuals, fulfill our God-ordained destiny in participating in the warfare, being more than conquerors, by having part of the victory that has already been won, and thereby justifying His Justice and love that He manifested toward us in sending our Kinsman Redeemer.
88