Christian Separatist Church Society
Dr. V.S. Herrell, Ch.,D. Pastor
P.O. Box 188 Kodak, TN 37764-0188
K| -	By-Laws
of the Christian Separatist Church Society
I. Preamble
The Christian Separatist Church Society is a militantly Christian communion and association. The Christian Separatist Church Society functions as an international communion holding its only rule of faith and practice to be that of the Word of the Living God. The Separatist conception of faith and practice is to be understood in the realization of the Church as a politcal body of Jesus Christ. In Separatist understanding, each Local Society is an individual entity unto the Lord and constitutes a separated Lady of Christ. In this regard each individual communion is constituted and ruled by the word of God in the same way. Thus the Local Society or Communion constitutes the body of Christ as it functions as the wife of Christ as the true Israel of God. Beyond the Local Society or Communion, the Christian Separatist Church Society functions as the Living Church of Christ as a political body constituting the government of Christ. In this respect, each indiviual Society is an embassy of the government of Heaven and although it is an independent entity in its function and government, a Local Society is, nevertheless, linked with all other functioning bodies of Christ in the governmental communion of the Church. In this understanding of the government of Christ, each communion or Local Society is independent and answers to the governing board of those local elders of the local communion.
However, politically, as a part of the government of Heaven, each Local Society is duty bound to cooperate and answer to its sister churches in terms of governmental cooperation. This is expediated by means of the National, Regional, and District Societies and by the By-Laws and Standing Directives governing those Socities. Local Societies must govern themselves within the framework of these By-Laws and Standing Directives, which constitute the will of the Brotherhood in Christ. Each Local Society of the Christian Separatist Church Society is constituted by recognition of the mission work of the National Christian Separatist Church Society. As according to the pattern of the New Testament, all the political cells of the body of Christ had their origin with the apostolic church of Jersusalem and therefore all other duly constituted Christian Churches in Asia Minor were, in truth, a result of the first Jerusalem Church as a part of its evangelical missionary work as ordained and sent forth by Jesus Christ; so also now, all Christian Separatist Church Socities are the result of the evangelistic work of the National Christian Separatist Church Society. On this principle the National Christian Separatist Church Society has reserved the right of charter or constitutional letter. The National Christian Separatist Church Society functions therefore as the overseeing protector of the body and carries the responsibility of loosening or binding by charter or by letter those groups or individuals who claim the banner and standard of the Christian Separatist Church Society. In this respect the Christian Separatist Church Society is to be seen as one Church that functions as a multiplicity of Communions as a Society.
1
n. Purpose
The purpose of the Christian Separatist Church Society includes, but is not limited to: ordaining ministers; establishing churches^establishing missions, foreign and domestic; establishing Christian, private schools;(establisTi^Bible institutes, Christian colleges, Christian universities, Christian seminaries;^establishing mission boards; establishing Christian retreats; establishing Christian orphanages; establishing Monastic orders; and any other institutions in keeping with the will of God. We shall build churches, support public worship, encourage fellowship among the believers, and carry out all functions which are common to the work of the Christian Separatist Church Society.
III.	Composition of the Christian Separatist Church Society.
The National Christian Separatist Church Society shall be divided into four (4) Regional Societies:
Region One shall consist of: Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Connecticut, Deleware, Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, Rhode Island, and Washington D.C.
Region Two shall consist of: Missouri, Kentucky, Virginia, Arkansas, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and the Atlantic territories of the US.
Region Three shall consist of: California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, Utah, Nevada, and Hawaii.
Region Four shall consist of: Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Alaska, and the Pacific territories of the US.
Each of the fifty states (50), Washington, D.C., and the various possessions of the United States which fall within the Four Regions shall be referred to as Districts or District Society (i.e., The District of Alabama).
A District shall further be divided into Local Communions or Local Societies. A District may contain as many Local Communions as demographic and geographic necessities dictate, and shall be created by the National Society upon recommendation of the District Director.
IV.	Application for a Letter of Charter
All White, Adamic persons meeting the Scriptural criteria constituting a Christian Separatist believer of the number of two or more may make application to the National Christian Separatist Church Society for a Letter of Charter as a Local Christian Separatist Church Society. At least one of the applicants must be versed in Christian Separatist teachings and policies. The Letter of Charter is then issued in the name of the person meeting the requirements of the National Christian Separatist Church Society.
2
The Charter then gives authority to the Local Society for certified communion and to act as a Local Society as set forth in these By-Laws.
V.	Offices
All persons appointed as officers or to standing boards or committees must be duly certified members of a Local Society/member of the Christian Separatist Church Society.
Director/Chairman of the Board
The Office of Director shall be established for each level of organization, i.e., the National Society, the Regional Society, the District Society, and the Local Society. The Director shall also serve as Chairman of the Board for his society. Thus, a Local Director is also the Chairman of the Board of the Local Society. All Directors, excluding the National Director, are appointed by the National Board.,The National Director and/or Pastor-in-General is periodically and/or as necessary chosen from the standing National Board. The Four Regional Directors shall serve as members of the National Board in addition to other National Board appointees,% and as Regional Directors are not eligible for the National Directorship while serving as a Regional Director. District Directors shall serve as members of the Regional Board in which their District lies. Members of the District Boards shall be selected by the National Office from the Directors of the Local Societies in that District to equal a number not greater than ten (10). Directors/Chairmen of the Board shall serve in this dual capacity for as long as the National Board shall deem fit.
Qualifications for Local Directors
The Local Director/Chairman corresponds to the local Pastor and Overseer of the Local Society and Communion. He must be a qualified, certified believer of the Christian Separatist persuasion. His function is to serve in the maintainence of the standard of Christian Separatist study and worship. It is the policy of the Christian Separatist Church Society that all Local Directors hold at least an Associates Degree of Christology from the Separatist Christological University. In newer communions, those seeking to serve as Director of the Local Society may apply for certification from the Director of the National Christian Separatist Church Society. In cases of new Local Societies, the Director may wave educational requirements and give life credit to individuals wherein their knowledge of truth is warranted. All ensigns of the Church serve the Communion at the convenience and at the will of the National Christian Separatist Church Society Board.
Registar
Each Director on all levels shall appoint a Registar to serve for a period of one year. The Registar’s function shall be to manage the list of members, i.e., he shall keep an accurate record of all matters pertaining to the membership such as births, deaths, marriages, members received by application, by transfers from Associate Member to Regular Membership, and transfers of Membership to or from other Local, District, or Regional Societies. The Local Registar shall be responsible to maintain such records for the Local Society as well as report any changes to the District Registar. The District Registar shall cull the various reports of the Local Registars in his District and maintain District records as well as updating his Regional Registar. The Regional Registar shall cull the various reports of the District Registars in his Region and maintain Regional records. Finally, the National Registar shall cull the reports of the Four Regional Registars and maintain a
3
National record. The Records maintained by the Registars on all levels will be available only to the Director and the Board overseeing the Registar as well as Registars in a superior position.
Minutes Secretary
Each Director on all levels shall appoint a Minutes Secretary for a period of one year. The Minutes Secretary’s function shall be to keep accurate minutes for all meetings, both General Assemblies and Board Meetings. The minutes are to be legible, accurate, and contain information about all matters discussed, actions taken, etc. The Minutes Secretary shall also be responsible for seeking the approval of Minutes from a previous meeting, making any corrections necessary, signing the approved Minutes, and installing a permanent copy of the minutes in the Archives of the Board, and sending a copy as well to the National Office.
Director’s Clerk
Each Director shall appoint a Clerk for a period of one year. The Function of the Clerk will be to assist the Director/Chairman in the running and organizing of all meetings, both General and Board Meetings. The Clerk shall be responsible for providing all necessary prior notification of meetings, securing a meeting facility, and assisting the Director/Chairman in constructing an Agenda for each Meeting. At the Meeting, the Clerk shall be responsible for assisting the Director/Chairman in discussing all points of the Agenda and maintaining order.
Seargent-At-Arms
The Director’s Clerk, with the approval of the Director/Chairman, may appoint, as needed, any number of S ear gents-At-Arms to assist him in maintaining order at meetings. They may be appointed for any length of time and in any number. Their actions are to be coordinated under the supervision of the Security Officer.
Treasurer
The Director of each level shall appoint a Treasurer to serve for a period of one year. The function of the Treasurer shall be to manage all monies of the Society and to disperse and receive all monies as the Board deems fit. He shall further maintain an accurate set of books and shall give a report at each Monthly Business Meeting to Board Members only or at any other time requested by the Director within two days of the request. Only the Director, the Board Members, and the District Auditor or National Auditor shall be allowed to view the documents.
Security Officer
The Security Officer shall be appointed by the Director on each level for a period of one year. He shall make a report of all his activities to the Security Committee. The Security Officer’s function is to assist the Director and Committees in watching over for the safety and security of the membership at large. He is to have access to the Registar’s records and maintain a list of all phone numbers whereby he may immediately communicate with all Members. He is within legal bounds to gather and assess information regarding the character of all Society participants and be watchful for unscrupulous entrapment activities perpetrated by antichrist informants. All local members are directed upon initiation and by the signing of a pledge to assist the Security Officer in policing and preserving the Society by reporting any activities of any members
4
or those associated with the Society that may be advocating illegal or criminal activities, and/or immoral and unbiblical activities. Upon receiving information that presents a clear and present danger to the peace, harmony, and legal freedom of the Society, the Security Officer shall have the authority to immediately call a Special Sessions meeting of the Security Committee, either in person or by telephone as may be deemed appropriate, for the purpose of taking executive action to prevent the victimization of Society members. If the Security Committee shall deem the questionable activities a clear and present danger, the Security Officer shall have the duty and authority to call and/or contact all members who could be adversly affected and direct those members to desist from any further personal contact and/or conversation with the persons suspected of carrying on the treasonous activities. All members are required and expected to comply with such an Executive Security Directive until such time as the Security Committee shall take actions to resolve the matter. It is understood by all of the membership that they are to comply with the superior directives of the superior Security Officers. For example, the Regional Security Officer’s directives are to be superior and override the District or Local Security Officer’s decisions. The National Security Officer’s decisions have authority over and override all other security levels. In this way, the Society is provided checks and balances to insure no abuse of office. All members of the Society have the right and duty to report all suspicious activities to the National Security Officer directly. The National Security Officer’s authority is in this way never circumvented. The Security Officer shall also assist the Director’s Clerk in overseeing the Seargents-at-Arms during meetings.
District Auditor
The District Director only shall appoint a District Auditor to serve for a period of one year. The function of the District Auditor shall be to audit the books of all Local Socities at least twice a year and at any other time deemed necessary.
National Auditor
The National Director only shall appoint a National Auditor to serve for a period of one year. The function of the National Auditor shall be to audit the books of Regional, District, or Local Societies as deemed necessary at any time.
VI.	The Local Society Duties. Responsibilities, and Meetings
A Local Society is composed of all persons who are recorded and certified members upon the membership list of the Local Society or Communion. The Local Society has authority to receive, transfer, and dismiss members; to deal with offenders, to grant appeals, to consider and act upon all questions affecting the local membership; to hold and adminster real estate and other property for the use of the Local Society; and to carry out programs for the improvement of the spiritual interest and progress of the Local Society. Each member has a responsibility to participate in the business and services of the Local Society. The Local Society should convene at a regularly appointed time, preferably weekly, for religious services, and monthly for the transaction of business. The Monthly Business Meeting need consist only of the Local Board, the Local Officers, the Director/Chairman, and any pertinent Committee members or other concerned members. The weekly meeting should be composed of as many members who are able to attend and is referred to as a General Meeting. Any matters not dealt with either at the General Meeting or the Monthly Business Meeting should be recorded by
5
the Director’s Clerk for including on the Agenda of the next such meeting or for recommendation for the holding of a Special Session.
Special Sessions
Special Session meetings may be called by either the Director’s Clerk or the Director/Chairman of the Local Society in order to handle special matters of importance which cannot be scheduled in the General Meeting or the Monthly Business Meeting. Notice shall be given at a regular meeting of the congregation at least seven days prior to the date of holding the Special Session Meeting by the Director’s Clerk. The Notice shall contain the business to be considered and the persons summoned for the Special Session Meeting. No business may be considered at a Special Session Meeting other than the business specifically designated as the reason for calling the meeting. The Director’s Clerk and the Director/Chairman shall determine who must attend such meetings in order to expediate the business at hand.
VII. Standing Committees and Special Committees
Committees themselves do not make decisions to take actions but rather formulate suggestions, reports, proposals, and opinions to present to the Board. The Board may then decide whether or not to pursue action upon the recommendation of the Committee in question.
Standing Committees
Each Local Society or Communion will have the following Standing Committees, as a matter of policy.
Committee for Ministerial Affairs - This Committee shall be headed by the local Director/Pastor/Ensign of the Local Society. This Committee shall be concerned with the establishment, perpetuation, and growth of the Local Society meeting. Its function shall be the promotion of true Christian worship, Aryan evangelism, Aryan missionary work, Local or Regional Prison ministries, and the propogating of the Christian message of the favor of Almighty God toward His chosen people. It shall concern itself with the practical administrative duties of promoting worship services and providing the practical and mechanical means for maintaining and running the local office. This Committee shall be mindful of the support of the National Board and therethrough and by concerned for aiding and supporting its sister organizations throughout the world. It shall be mindful that the purpose of teaching is edification of the entire body and shall be concerned with producing literature, teaching tapes, and other means for propogating the message of Positive Christianity in regards to the Body and Government of the Lord Jesus Christ. It shall be mindful of redundancy of expenditures and shall defer to the National Office in production of national evangelistic tools and literature.
Committee for the Anointed Standard Translation - This Committee shall promote interest in the Anointed Standard Translation of the Bible and/or membership in the Anointed Bible Society. By and through this Committee, the Society will distribute Bibles to prisoners and/or other related Separatist literature as a public benefit and/or contribute money to the Anointed Bible Society for this purpose.
6
Security Committee - The Security Committee shall consist of no less than three members and shall oversee, in accordance with these By-Laws, Policies and Directives from the National Board, the security function of the appointed Security Officer.
Public Relations Committee - The function of the Public Relations Committee shall be to appoint and oversee a Public Relations Officer, who will be a spokesman on his level and within his area of authority. The Public Relations Officer will conform to all National Board Directives and will keep abreast of such policies and directives regarding the National Board’s desired image to be projected toward the Media, and shall conform his presentations to those policies and directives. He shall also participate in on-going Society sponsored educational seminars and instructions regarding the function of his job.
Ways and Means Committee - The function of the Ways and Means Committee is to formulate methods and ways whereby monies may be raised for the Society on each level. It is to respond to requests by the Board for research and feasibility studies for projects of all natures and present ways and means whereby those projects may be executed and faciliated to the Board for consideration.
Judicial Committee - The purpose of the Judicial Committee shall be to review charges pressed by the Security Committee and decide what mode of action shall be taken to resolve the charges. The Committee may decide to allow either the Director on its level to hear the case or to appoint a Tribunal on its level to hear the case. It may also decide whether charges warrant a physical trial or merely a Trial by Script, and it may decide whether to try persons in absentia. This Committee shall also provide the same function for Ecclesiastical misunderstandings and/or disputes. The Christian Separatist Church Society takes as its rule of faith the New Covenant of the Lord Jesus Christ and the full teachings of the Word of God, yet it desires to walk in the Light of Truth according to the ancient wisdom and teachings of our forefathers. Therefore, the Church affords the opportunity to anyone who is a member in good standing and who believes that their knowledge of truth to be superior to that of the Brotherhood and Communion as a whole the opportunity to present such points of view by reducing same to a written thesis and presenting to the Judical Committee who shall appoint an Ecclesiastical Review Board which shall test the validity of the contention by the Word of God. In affording the General Membership such opportunity to participate in ecclesiastical policies, it is understood that doctrinal disagreements or different perceptions while in Judicial Review are not a cause for dissension or sowing discord among brothers. Thus, the Society affords each member the opportunity to contribute to the Society’s knowledge of truth in a manner that is constructed to preserve the unity of the brotherhood, but is predicated upon the assumption that the standing official beliefs of the brotherhood are correct and in line with the teachings of the Scripture. Contentious and speculative persons unwilling to prove their contentions in an organized and loving manner are to be deemed arrogant and divisive to the brotherhood. Thus, the opportunity and means is offered for sincere brothers to legitimately affect ecclesiastical policy providing they can prove their contentions according to the Word of God. Because this priviledge is afforded the General Brotherhood, no contentious or speculative heresy shall be tolerated.
Special Committees
7
Special Committees may be appointed by the Board from time to time to consider any matters not under the umbrella of Standing Committees.
VIII.	Code of Separatist Justice Infraction Charges: Ecclesiastical Charges
The Judicial procedure for handling either Infraction Charges, herein defined as any breach of standing policy and/or disobedience of directives, or Ecclesiastical Charges, herein defined as deviation from standing policies and teachings officially held and recorded by the Christian Separatist Church Society, shall be as follows: any charge made by any member and filed with the Security Officer shall be brought before the Security Committee, who shall review the case and decide if charges should be pressed. If charges are filed, then the charges are presented to the Judicial Committee. The Judicial Committee then decides how the case should be tried: i.e., whether by a hearing before the Director or by appointing a Tribunal to hear the case, or by a review process by the Director or Tribunal in the absence of a physical trial. A Tribunal would be appointed where there is a conflict of interest with the Director or if the charges were brought against the Director himself. Also, the Judicial Committee may decide upon a Tribunal if they feel the charges are of a serious enough nature to warrant one. The Case will then be presented in the manner so decided by the Judicial Committee. Both Parties in a Charge have a right to appeal. If the case took place on the Local level, the first appeal would be directly to the Judicial Committee of the District Society. If a further appeal is desired, then the case would be forwarded to the Judicial Committee of the Regional Society. Finally, the highest appeal is to the Judicial Committee of the National Society, the decision of which shall be considered final and overriding. Upon decision of a case, the Tribunal or the Director may order individuals to submit to society counseling and/or reeducation and/or further education in order to resolve the matter. If such directives are not complied with, then the Director and/or Board shall have no choice but to direct charges against the individual or individuals in questions.
IX.	Canonical Policy and Position
The Christian Separatist Church Society holds as inspired writings the Greek Septuagint and the Greek New Testament, and holds the Anointed Standard Translation New Testament to be the truest and closest translation of the New Testament canon of Scripture. The New Testament Canon of Scripture is determined to be those books and letters written in Christian writing which were written after the ascension of Jesus Christ and up and unto the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70. It is the belief of the Christian Separatist Church Society that these writings constitute the sum total of the faith once and for all times delivered. We believe that within the writings of the New Testament canon of Scripture is to be found the Christian belief system of the persuasion of the Separated Ones of God. Therefore, in the Court of Christ, we hold that the only writings admissable as absolute truth in evidence of witness for the Christian faith and that are required of men to believe are those writings that constitute the faith or persuasion once delivered. It is our belief and policy that all other writings, though they may be in general agreement with the Christian writings, are to be viewed with skepticism and considered spurious. In plain language, the only writings required of the Christian Separatist Communion to be believed as binding and absolute truth are those herein
8
designated as canonical. This does not forbid the study or the reading of non-canonical literature, but it does set a legal precedence in what may be exhibited as evidence and binding upon the Communion. It is our belief that other literature must only be read in light of the truth of the Covenant of Christ. We believe that this principle makes for harmony and singleness of mind and sets in proper perspective the true Christian Faith.
X. Policy Regarding Women Members
Women members may serve the Church in any capacity that does not usurp authority over men. This limits service to the Local Society. Women should not be recommended to any service that might place them in positions where their moral character may be questioned. Women may be appointed to teach women or children. They may be employed as employees of the Communion upon the signing of a Christian Separatist Church Society pledge, or they may function as an assistant to their husbands in executing his duties for the society who shall be held accountable for his woman’s conduct. Women may have Separatist sororital socities and be sponsored for same by the Society upon the approval of the National Board, under the same guidelines, though independent from male fraternal orders sponsored by the Society.
XI. Adoption Adopted this 16th day of October, 1995.
Pastor-in-General V.S. Herrell Chairman of the National Executive Board