The Monthly Newsletter of the Confederate States Research Centre
Issue the Sixth
January A.D. 2001
From the Director's Desk..
Greetings Compatriots. In the year 1648, the Scottish Presbyterians issued a document entitled A Solemn Acknowledgment of Publick Sins and Breaches of the Covenant in which they denounced those who “laboured to put into the hands of the our King an arbitrary and unlimited power’ and who “walked more by the rules of policy than piety, and have hearkened more unto men than God.” It was with these men that the motto of the American War f or Independence originated* “Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.” In fact, the Presbyterians played such a major role in the colonies’ struggle for independence from King George Ill’s oppressive rule that the British derisively referred to it as “the Presbyterian revolt.”
Our Christian forefathers fought so uncompromisingly against tyranny because they understood that liberty alone was the fertile soil of orderly society, whereas tyranny always fosters disorder and discontent, finally culminating in the extinction of the people themselves as they are dragged with their rulers into a downward spiral of recurring revolution and effusion of blood. It is saddening to see how much we have lost of the liberty that was purchased for us by the blood of our ancestors. Apart from the direct intervention of Divine Providence, the road to recovery will be a long and arduous one, but we are nevertheless duty-bound to at least turn our backs on the attractions of the American Vanity Fair and commence the journey. With the
Lord’s blessings upon our endeavors, we, the Christian people of the South, as well as our brothers and sisters in the North, can begin to reclaim our respective States from our imperial occupier if we will only educate ourselves and our children regarding the basis of our own oppression and cease to partake of the benefits by which it lulls to sleep the indolent.
As the great Scottish Presbyterian divine Samuel Rutherford wrote in 1644, “Liberty is a condition of nature that all men are bom with, and they are not to give it away.... Nature in a forced people, so soon as they can escape from a violent conqueror, maketh them a free people.” Thus, our homeland, our institutions, and the sacred duty to govern our own affairs still remain for us to reclaim, and we can, in fact, do it with the Lord’s blessing and with hearts, first broken with a deep sorrow for our sins — both personal and corporate — and thereafter strengthened with an unquenchable love of truth and liberty. Confederate Vice-President Alexander Hamilton Stephens so long ago declared, “There will come a time when the cry will ring out across this land, ‘The cause of the South is the cause of us all!”’ As we enter the Twenty-First Century, that time has now come.
The premiere issue of The Runnyrneade Report will be going to press shortly. Included in this issue are the following articles: “Magna Charta, the Foundation of American Liberties,” by John Marshall; “The Sovereignty of the American States,” by Bernard Janin Sage; “The Constitution As It Is, The
Union As It Was, and the Government As It Should Be,” by Dennis A. Mahoney; “Christianity and the Negro Question,” by Charles Wallace Collins; and a lot more. Issues will be available for a donation of 5.00, and annual subscriptions may be obtained for a donation of 20.00.
Our new lending library is now operational. This library contains numerous comb-bound copies of rare and out-of-print books dealing with early American and Confederate history, as well as a wide selection of video documentaries, lectures, and old family-oriented motion pictures. We also plan on adding lectures on cassette tape in the near future. For a listing of available check-out materials and for fees, please follow the “Lending Library” link on our website (URL below). Check-out privileges are restricted to Sponsors.
The Confederate States Research Centre is located at 155 East Pine Avenue in Wiggins, Mississippi. Please visit our website at www.freemississippi.org/educational or call us at (601) 928-2090 for more information. We are a non-profit educational outreach of Free-Mississippi.org and are supported solely by donations. If you would like to become a Sponsor, please fill out the form posted on our website and mail it in with a cheque or money order. We also accept credit cards through PayPal. Catalogues and subscriptions to this newsletter are free upon request. Deo Vindice!
— Greg Loren Durand CSRC director
* •
The War of the Tariffs
The Real Story Behind the Fort Sumter Incident
by Greg Loren Durand
H	w
As most wars have been throughout history, the War of 1861 was at bottom a financial conflict. It should be kept in mind that one of the planks in the Republican platform was to reinstate the high protective import tariff which had so provoked South Carolina to resistance to the general Government thirty years previously during the Administration of Andrew Jackson. James Spence of London explained the effects of such a high tariff on the South:
This system of protecting Northern manufactures... is doubly injurious to the Southern States, in raising what they have to buy, and lowering what they have to sell.
They are the exporters of the Union, and require that other countries shall take their productions. But other countries will have difficulty in taking them, unless permitted to pay for them in the commodities which are their only means of payment. They are willing to receive cotton, and to pay for it in iron, earthenware, woollens. But if by extravagant duties, these be prohibited from entering the Union, or greatly restricted, the effect must needs be, to restrict the power to buy the products of the South. Our imports of Southern productions, have nearly reached thirty millions sterling a year. Suppose the North to succeed in the object of its desire, and to exclude our manufactures altogether, with what are we to pay? It is plainly impossible for any country to export largely, unless it be willing also, to import largely. Should the Union be restored, and its commerce be conducted under the present tariff, the balance of trade against us must become so great, as either to derange our monetary system, or compel us to restrict our purchases from those, who practically exclude other payment than gold. With the rate of exchange constantly depressed, the South would receive an actual money payment, much below the current value of its products. We should be driven to other markets for our supplies, and thus the exclusion of our manufactures by the North, would result in a compulsory exclusion, on our part, of the products of the South.
This is a consideration of no importance to the Northern manufacturer, whose only thought is the immediate profit he may obtain, by shutting out competition. It may be, however, of very extreme importance to others — to those who have products they are anxious to sell to us, who are desirous to receive in payment, the very goods we wish to dispose of, and yet are debarred from this. Is there not something of the nature of commercial slavery, in the fetters of a system that prevents it? If we consider the terms of the compact, and the gi-
gantic magnitude of Southern trade, it becomes amazing, that even the attempt should be made, to deal with it in such a manner as this.1
The protestations of the South had always stood in the way of the North’s pet desire to make such an unjust system of taxation permanent. However, with the departure of the seven Southern States, this obstacle was removed, and one of the first acts of the Republican-dominated Thirty-Seventh Congress was to immediately pass the Morrill Tariff into law. This tariff, which, at 47%, was the highest in the history of the country and which gave special preference to the steel industry of Pennsylvania, went into effect in early March of 1861. At the same time, the Confederate Congress at Montgomery, Alabama, true to the South’s historic aversion to protective tariffs and its advocacy of free trade, instituted a low ten percent tariff, the natural result of which would have been to divert most, if not all, foreign trade away from the principle Northern ports in New York and Boston to the Southern ports, particularly Charleston and New Orleans. In the words of the New York Times:
The nations of Europe with whom we have the most intimate commercial relations are earnest advocates of free trade. Yet at the very moment that we most desire their sympathy and co-operation, we insult their conviction and strike the severest blow in our power at their interests. The seceding states will take instant advantage of our blunder, and will make every effort to secure their will, if not an actual recognition, by adopting a commercial policy in harmony with their own....
At home and abroad, we are already feeling the effects of our gratuitous folly. Both English and French journals are teeming with ill-natured and unfavorable remarks; with contrasts either openly stated or implied in favor of the seceding states.2 * * *
The New York Evening Post of 2 March 1861 stated:
That either the revenue from duties must be collected in the ports of the rebel states, or the port must be closed to importations from abroad, is generally admitted. If
1	James Spence, The American Union (Wiggins, Mississippi: Crown Rights Book Company, [1862] 1998), pages 178-179.
2
New York Times, quoted by Stephen D. Carpenter, The
Logic of History (Wiggins, Mississippi: Crown Rights Book Company,
[1863] 2000) page 147.
neither of these things be done, our revenue laws are substantially repealed; the sources which supply our treasury will be dried up; we shall have no money to carry on the government; the nation will become bankrupt before the next crop of com is ripe. There will be nothing to furnish means of subsistence to the army; nothing to keep our navy afloat; nothing to pay the salaries of public officers; the present order of things must come to a dead stop.
This result was also clearly seen by many businessmen and bankers in the North and, in their eyes, the question was no longer one of the morality of slavery or the constitutionality of secession; it was now, in the words of New York banker August Belmont, a “question of national existence and commercial prosperity.”3 It is therefore easy to see what an important role Fort Sumter thereafter played in the ensuing “war of the tariffs.”4 Should the secession of the South go unchallenged, and the U.S. troops be withdrawn from the fort, the tariff in the North would either have to be lowered to at least match that of the South, or the Northern States would be left to suffer financial ruin. Neither of these options was acceptable to Lincoln, who had already vowed, in his Inaugural Address, to enforce the Morrill Tariff at Charleston and other Southern ports. While his own Cabinet had almost unanimously advised against reinforcing the fort, Lincoln’s ears were captivated by other advisors, who had assured him that “all the resolutions and speeches and declarations [of independence]... from the South were but a ‘game of brag,’ intended to intimidate the administrative party,” and that, at the first show of force by the U.S. Government, “there would ‘be nothing in it but talk.’”5
On 4 April 1861, Colonel John B. Baldwin of Virginia arrived in Washington at Lincoln’s behest to discuss the Peace Conference then in session in that State. According to Baldwin’s sworn testimony in 1866, Lincoln’s words to him during the ensuing meeting were as follows: “Mr. Baldwin, I am afraid you have come too late.... I wish you could have been here three or four days ago.... Why do you not all adjourn the Virginia convention?... [I]t is a standing menace to me, which embarrasses me very much.”6 The
August Belmont, quoted by Charles Adams, When in the Course of Human Events: Arguing the Case For Southern Secession (Lanham, Maryland: Rowman and Littlefield Publishers, Inc., 2000), page 64.
A * *
Philip Foner, The New York Merchants and the Irrepressible Conflict (Chapel Hill, North Carolina: University of North Carolina Press, 1941), page 297.
Robert Lewis Dabney, essay: “Memoir of a Narrative Received of Colonel John B. Baldwin,” Discussions (Mexico, Missouri: S.B. Ervin, 1897), Volume IV, page 92.
6 Testimony of Colonel John B. Baldwin given in Washington, D.C. on 10 February 1866; in Report of the Joint Committee on Reconstruction (Washington, D.C.: U.S. Government Printing Office, 1866), Part 11: Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, pages 102, 103.
question which immediately comes to mind is: Why would a man who had pledged a pacific policy in his Inaugural Address view as a standing menace and a source of embarrassment a conference of States which had been convened to promote that very same policy? Robert Lewis Dabney provided the obvious answer:
The action of the seven States... perplexed the Lincoln faction excessively. On the other hand, the greed and spite of the hungry crew, who were now grasping the power and spoils so long passionately craved, could not endure the thought that the prize should thus collapse in their hands. Hence, when the administration assembled at Washington, it probably had no very definite policy.... Colonel Baldwin supposed it was the visit, and the terrorizing of the “radical Governors,” which had just decided Lincoln to adopt the violent policy. They had successfully asserted that the secession of the seven States, and the convening and solemn admonitions of State conventions in the others, formed but a system of bluster...; that the Southern States were neither willing nor able to fight for their own cause, being paralyzed by their fear of servile insurrection. Thus they had urged upon Lincoln, that the best way to secure his party triumph was to precipitate a collision. Lincoln had probably committed himself to this policy, without Seward’s privity, within the last four days; and the very men whom Colonel Baldwin found in conclave with him were probably intent upon this conspiracy at the time.
But when Colonel Baldwin solemnly assured Lincoln that this violent policy would infallibly precipitate the border States into an obstinate war, the natural shrewdness of the latter was sufficient to open his eyes, at least partially, and he saw that his factious counsellors, blinded by hatred and contempt of the South, had reasoned falsely; yet, having just committed himself to them, he had not manliness enough to recede. And above all, the policy urged by Colonel Baldwin would have disappointed the hopes of legislative plunder, by means of inflated tariffs, which were the real aims for which free-soil was the mask.7
Such was the essence of Colonel Baldwin’s testimony in 1866: when it was urged upon Lincoln to issue an “appeal to the American people to settle the question in the spirit in which the Constitution was made” and to relinquish both Forts Sumter and Pickens as “a concession of an asserted right in the interest of peace,” Lincoln’s response was to refer “with some apprehension to the idea that his friends would not be pleased with such a step.”8 Finally, when it was suggested that the provisional Government at Montgomery be allowed to continue unmolested until the seceded States could be brought back peaceably, Lincoln replied, “And open Charleston, e/c., as ports of entry, with their ten per
7	Dabney, “Colonel John B. Baldwin,” pages 95-96.
8
Baldwin testimony, page 104.
cent tariff? Ifbat (hen, would become of my tariff? (emphasis in original)^ With that remark, Lincoln terminated the conversation and	Baldwin.
Lincolft^dliavfOr during this meeting with Baldwin was demonstra$#eof a man who had just been made to realize a fatal error to which he was nevertheless committed. Evidence that Lincoln had succumbed to pressure from the Northern Radicals to pursue a ruinous policy of coercion against the South, though in the main circumstantial, is nevertheless quite weighty. First of all, the “friends” whom Lincoln expected ‘"would not be pleased” with an abandonment of the forts could not have been the members of his own cabinet, for they had nearly unanimously advised that very thing. Furthermore, Lincoln had been in conference with nine Republican Governors, including Oliver Morton of Indiana and John Andrews of Massachusetts, when Baldwin arrived at the White House.10 That these Governors were notoriously anti-Southern is a matter of record.
What is rarely mentioned in the popular histories of the war is the fact that the Northern States were in the midst of a depression before the war broke out. Furthermore, the United States Treasury was officially bankrupt, and there were no funds on hand to finance a protracted war with the South. However, this would all change after the bloodshed had begun. In their book entitled Our Nation, Eugene C.
9
Lincoln, quoted by Dabney, ‘‘Colonel John B. Baldwin/’
page 94.
10	Reference: Baldwin testimony, page 105.
Confederate States Research Centre
c/o U.S. Post Office Box 769 Wiggins, Mississippi C.S.A. [occupation code: 39577]
Barker and Henry Steele Commager admitted, likely inadvertently, that the war was waged by the North primarily for economic reasons:
The War Between the North and the South aided business.... [T]he War between the North and the South caused great and rapid expansion in all forms of industry and business in the North. Farms and factories had to supply the needs of the armies. Mines and furnaces had to furnish material for building engines and rolling stock and for the rapidly lengthening railroad mileage.
The discovery of new resources of oil, coal, and iron ore; the rapid expansion of our foreign commerce; and the creation of the national banking system all furnished new opportunities for speculation and for profits.11
It was also during this period that the advocates of a central bank and a large ruu&i-generaiional public debt stepped onto the scene to push Through their unconstitutional schemes. Thus, Charles Dickens was absolutely correct when he wrote, after a cara&ti observation of the situation in America, that “the^^orthern onslaught upon slavery was no more than a piece of specious humbug*designed to conceal its desire for economic control of the Southern States.”
Eugene C. Barker and Henry Steele Commager, Our Na-
“Ol ’ Times Here Are Not Forgotten ”

36064035656