The Monthly Newsletter of the Confederate States Research Centre
Issue the Seventh	February	A.D.	2001
From the Director's Desk...
Greetings Compatriots. As I write this, it appears that the forces of “political correctness'’ have achieved a victory in the State of Georgia. The State flag, which had contained a large Confederate batde flag since 1956, has been changed by the State Legislature to appease a handful of social miscreants who claim that the Southern Cross reminds them of slavery. The new design, which features a yellow strip containing small reproductions of the three flags previously flown in Georgia, also incorporates the United States flag of 1776. Oddly enough, each and every one of the thirteen stars on this historic flag represents a slave State! Is it not history revisionism par excellence to label as a symbol of slavery the military flag of the Confederate States of America, which did not fly over a single slave vessel and which had nothing at all to do with the institution of slavery, while endorsing the flag which flew over every slave vessel that ever sailed from an Amen can port and which represents a Republic whose Constitution protected the foreign slave trade for twenty years and the institution of slavery for nearly a century?
That is all well and good,” the PC crowd will likely reply, “But the Confederate battle flag is used by such hate-groups* as the Ku Klux Klan.” This is true, but is it not also true that the current U S flag — which, incidentally also appears on the newly designed Georgia flag — is used by the Klan as well? In fact, it is to the U.S. flag, not the Confederate battle flag, to which
Klan members pledge allegiance. It was also the U.S. flag, not the Confederate battle flag, which the Klan carried down Pennsylvania Avenue during their march on the Capitol in Washington, D C. in the 1920s. The double standard which the opponents of Southern heritage consistently exhibit is nothing short of appalling.
Folks, it is not slavery that these people are really concerned about. The St. Andrew’s Cross, emblazoned across our beloved battle flag, is an internationally recognized symbol of resistance to tyranny, and in the New World Order that is being planned for us by the global socialists and moneyed elite, such resistance cannot be tolerated. It is also an historical symbol of Christianity — the biggest thorn in the side of those who worship at the pagan altar of the deified State. In the second Psalm we read that “the kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying, Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us. ” The builders of the modern-day Tower of Babel hate to be reminded that there is a God in Heaven who laughs at their conspiracies to dethrone His Son and their pathetic attempts to impede the spread of His Kingdom on this earth. Just as the mighty Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, was driven to his knees and forced to acknowledge the sovereignty of Almighty God, those in authority today will one day learn the meaning of these words: “Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed ye judges of the earth... Kiss the Son lest
he be angry and ye perish in the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. ”
Our enemies will no doubt be emboldened by their recent victory in Georgia and we can expect that they will increase their attacks upon the Mississippi State flag with renewed vigor. Let us therefore meet them on the battlefield, not armed as they are with carnal weapons, but with the sword of the Spirit and with faith in the righteous Judge who will vindicate a just Cause. If Christ Jesus is our Commander-in-Chief, we cannot lose the war. “Blessed are all those who put their trust in him. ”
Our new lending library is now operational which contains copies of rare history books, as well as a wide selection of video documentaries, lectures, and old family-oriented motion pictures. A listing of available checkout materials is posted on our website (URL below). Please remember that check-out privileges are restricted to Sponsors.
The Confederate States Research Centre is located at 155 East Pine Avenue in Wiggins, Mississippi. Visit our website at www.ffeemis-sissippi.org/educational or call us at (601) 928-2090 for more information. We are a non-profit educational outreach of Free-Mississippi.org and are supported solely by donations. If you would like to become a Sponsor, please fill out the form posted on our website. Catalogues and subscriptions to this newsletter are free upon request. Deo Vindice!
— Greg Loren Durand CSRC Director
Abraham Lincoln’s Suspension of the Writ of Habeas Corpus
by Greg Loren Durand
9k	Sp
On 27 January 1837, an obscure politician from Illinois stood in Congress and uttered these words:
Let every American, every lover of liberty, every well-wisher to his posterity, swear by the blood of the Revolution never to violate in the least particular the laws of the country, and never to tolerate their violation by others (L]et every man remember that to violate the law is to trample on the blood of his fathers, and to tear the charter of his own and children’s liberty. Let reverence for the laws be breathed by every American mother to the lisping babe that prattles on her lap; let it be taught in schools, in seminaries, and in colleges; let it be written in primers, in spelling books, and in almanacs; let it be preached from the pulpit, proclaimed in legislative halls, and enforced in courts of justice. And, in short, let it become the political religion of the nation.
The speaker, of course, was none other than Abraham Lincoln. However, what Lincoln said and what Lincoln did were frequently different things entirely. A Northern President, elected by Northern votes in behalf of a Northern faction, he was not about to allow sentiment or principle, even those he once articulated himself, to prevent him from wielding despotic power as he saw fit. This tyrannical characteristic was most clearly seen in his suspension of the writ of habeas corpus on 27 April 1861. By definition, habeas corpus is “the name given to a variety of writs... having for their object to bring a party before a court or judge.... The primary function of the writ is to release from unlawful imprisonment.... The office of the writ is not to determine the prisoner’s guilt or innocence, and the only issue it presents is whether the prisoner is restrained of his liberty by due process” {Black’s Law Dictionary [Sixth Edition], page 709). This writ had its origin in Section 39 of the Magna Carta of 1215 which reads: “No freeman shall be taken, or unprisoned, or dispossessed, or outlawed, or banished, or in any way destroyed; nor will we pass upon him, nor commit him, but by the lawful judgment of his peers, or by the law of the land.” As such it was a prominent feature of English jurisprudence for centuries before it was eventually written into the American Constitution.
Of great importance to the public is the preservation of this personal liberty |C)onfinement of the person, by secretly hurrying him to gaol [jail], where his sufferings are unknown or forgotten, is a less public, a less
striking, and therefore a more dangerous engine of arbitrary government; and yet sometimes, when the state is in real danger, even this may be a necessary measure.
But the happiness of our constitution is, that it is not left to the executive power to determine when the danger of state is so great, as to render this measure expedient. For the parliament only, or legislative power, whenever it sees proper, can authorize the crown, by suspending the habeas corpus act for a short and limited time (William Blackstone, Commentaries on the Laws of England, Volume III, pages 129, 138).
Lincoln’s contempt for this ancient privilege of freemen was openly expressed when, in his 4 July 1861 address to Congress, he criticized “the extreme tenderness of the citizen’s liberty” which, in his opinion, practically rendered the writ a relief “more of the guilty than of the innocent.” He went on to justify his illegal actions with sophistry worthy more of a John Lackland or an Edward Longshanks than a President of the American Republic:
Soon after the first call for militia it was considered a duty to authorize the Commanding General in proper cases, according to his discretion, to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, or, in other words, to arrest and detain without resort to the ordinary processes and forms of law such individuals as he might deem dangerous to the public safety. This authority has purposely been exercised but very sparingly. Nevertheless, the legality and propriety of what has been done under it are questioned, and the attention of the country has been called to the proposition that one who is sworn to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed” should not himself violate them. Of course some consideration was given to the questions of power and propriety before this matter was acted upon. The whole of the laws which were required to be faithfully executed were being resisted and failing of execution in nearly one-third of the States. Must they be allowed to finally fail of execution, even had it been perfectly clear that by the use of the means necessary to their execution some single law... should to a very limited extent be violated? To state the question more directly. Are all the laws but one to go unexecuted, and the Government itself go to pieces lest that one be violated? Even in such a case, would not the official oath be broken if the Government should be overthrown when it was believed that disregarding the single law would tend to preserve it?
In other words, Lincoln proposed that it was possible to violate his oath to ‘"preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States" for the alleged greater good of coercing seceded States back into the Union — a duty which neither the Constitution nor any of its framers had delivered into his hands. In the Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 Thomas Jefferson had likened the Constitution to a great chain specifically designed to bind down the general Government and limit its powers only to those enumerated therein. It is therefore a blatant absurdity' to assert, as did Lincoln, that even one link of this chain could be broken and the whole still maintain its strength and integrity. Indeed, a chain broken in but one place is broken entirely and henceforth utterly worthless to the fulfillment of its intended purpose.
He continued:
Now it is insisted that Congress, and not the Executive, is vested with this power; but the Constitution itself is silent as to which or who is to exercise this power; and as the provision was plainly made for a dangerous emergency, it can not be believed the framers of the instrument intended that in every case the danger should run its course until Congress could be called together, the very assembling of which might be prevented, as was intended in this case, by the rebellion.
Lincoln’s reasoning here was infantile, if not completely asinine. By inserting the clause relating to the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in Article I, the framers clearly expressed their intent that this dangerous power be placed in the hands of the law-making arm of the Government only. It should be remembered that the architects of the American system were former English subjects who were well aware of the historical struggle in the mother country between the liberties of the people and an executive authority ever-zealous of absolute power. Fresh from a war to gain their independence from just such a power, it would seem incredible that they would then write into the organic law of their new Republic a provision which would have opened the door to executive tyranny on American soil.
. . .[I]t should be borne in mind that if there were no apprehensions of the assumption and exercise of arbitrary power, there would be no necessity of the writ of habeas corpus as a remedial measure of security or protection. Hejjpe. what can be more absurd than to assume or presume that it should be left in the control of the power which was designed to be restrained by the constitutional provision of the habeas corpus to set aside that restraint at its own will and pleasure? What would be thought of the man who, to guard and secure his valuable treasure from the incursions of burglars, would first put on his doors and windows such fastenings as should defy the most expert thief in gaining an entrance, and then leave the key in the door, by which there was nothing more left for the thief to do than turn
the key, walk in, and secure the treasure? Not less absurd than the conduct of such a man would have been than that of those who formed the Federal Constitution, if they designed that after securing to themselves and to their posterity the privileges and rights of person which came down to them from their British ancestors, they should place it in the power of their rulers to deprive them of these privileges and rights (Dennis A. Mahoney, Prisoner of State [1863], pages 53-54).
The President’s duty was indeed to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed,’’ but to draw from this the conclusion that he may, in the absence of Congress, execute laws of his own making is contrary to the clear wording of the Constitution. If, in his judgment, “extraordinary occasions,” such as invasion or rebellion, required a special session of Congress, the President is empowered by the Constitution to convene both Houses, whose duty it would thereafter be to determine what legislation or public announcements were warranted by the circumstances. Having decided that a rebellion threatened the Union when Fort Sumter fell into Confederate hands on the thirteenth of April, Lincoln’s paramount duty was to call Congress into immediate special session. Instead, he chose to postpone that convening for nearly three months, during which time he usurped the Legislative powers by calling forth 75,000 volunteers, increasing the regular Army and Navy beyond their peace-time size, and, in essence, declaring war on the Southern States by blockading their ports. The Constitution granted him none of these powers. With Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkansas having previously decided against secession and in favor of the Union, Lincoln was faced with a strong anti-war sentiment in not only those States, but the Border States of Delaware, Missouri and Kentucky as well, all of which combined would have produced a united Democratic obstacle in Congress which might have proven difficult to overcome and potentially disastrous to his predetermined war policy. Having already been warned on the fourth of April by Colonel John B. Baldwin that Virginia would be lost to the Union should any aggression commence at Fort Sumter, Lincoln’s actions had to have been done with full knowledge of the result: a walk-out of the Senators and Representatives from the remaining four Southern States, leaving only a handful of Northern Democrats in either House which could be easily overawed by the Republican majority.
It was this rump Legislative body before which Lincoln stood on the fourth of July, seeking a stamp of approval for his past actions. In his address, he attempted to justify his unconstitutional acts with the following words: “These measures, whether strictly legal or not, were ventured upon under what appeared to be a popular demand and public necessity, trusting then as now that Congress would readily ratify them.” The resolution which he introduced for ratification read in part as follows: “BE IT RESOLVED by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States in Congress assembled: THAT all the extraordinary acts, proclamations.
and orders herein before mentioned be and the same are approved, and declared to be in all respects legal and valid to the same, and with the same effect as if they had been issued and done under the previous and express authority and direction of the Congress of the United States.”
There was, of course, no “popular demand” for war until Fort Sumter was fired upon, for up until that time, the overwhelming majority of the people of the North, including members of Lincoln's own party, opposed coercive measures against die Southern States. Since seven States had exercised their constitutional right to secede from the Union and to establish a new government according to the expressed will of the Southern people, there was no “insurrection,” or “treason against the United States,” and therefore no “public necessity” which required any extra-constitutional actions on the part of the Executive. However, with the reins of the Government having been firmly seized by Lincoln and the Republicans, and with political dissenters already being arrested and imprisoned, in most cases, without trial in a court of law, the Democrat members of Congress had little choice at this point but to acquiesce to his desires. Henry Clay Dean wrote:
The nominal Congress was for five years under the most carefully ordered duress, the most exacting espionage, the most complete terror ever exercised over any deliberative body invested with law-making powers.
From the opening of the war until the conclusion of peace. Congress was surrounded with soldiers — menaced by an army, whose bristling bayonets gleaming in the sunlight, flashed upon the windows of the Capitol,
Confederate States Research Centre
155 East Pine Avenue Wiggins, Mississippi C.S.A. [occupation code: 39577]
and fell upon the eyes of this terrified body. The legislation was dictated by the commander-in-chief of the army, who acted in advance of all legislation. The bold men of the opposition were in perpetual danger of assassination or death by the slow torture of the prison. Mobs were organized in every part of the country, and members of Congress were in danger for every word spoken in conflict with the policy of the President, and were imprisoned at his will....
In its legislation, the President neither consulted or awaited the action of Congress, but anticipated it; and accepted the ratification of their own debasement with avidity.... Such was the terror over the Congress, that its members acted as though their powers were derived from the President, and with disgraceful servility, these miserable slaves and tools of tyrants for five years, day after day, recorded the edicts pf the army...
A body of men dazzled by the gleaming sabre, ready to be turned at any moment upon them, looking at the vacant seats of members of their body, imprisoned for the legitimate exercise of their Constitutional rights, were under such duress as utterly incapacitated them for independent legislation. Their attempt at lawmaking was a broad farce, exciting ridicule and disgust, rather than merriment (Henry Clay Dean, Crimes of the Civil War [1868], pages 72-74).
With this picture of a subjugated Legislature before us, it
requires little imagination to discern why Lincoln was so con-
p
liiMi
Times Here Are Not Forgotten
£. r./ /i	r-	•*

36064035656