The Monthly Newsletter of the Confederate States Research Centre
Issue the Third	October	A.D.	2000
From the Director’s Desk...
Greetings Compatriots. I have a lot to write, but limited space so I’ll jump right into it. Plans are being made with John Thomas Cripps of our parent organization, FreeMississippi.org, to publish a pro-Confederate newspaper for the good folks of Dixie who want an alternative to the “politically correct” Yankee Pravdas which some simple souls call “newspapers.” A name for this publication has not been decided on, but Rebel Yell is one name that is being considered. If we decide to use that name, this newsletter will continue under a different name.
The motto for the newspaper
—	“The Counter-Attack Has Begun”
—	should let the reader know right from the outset what our purpose is. We believe that it is time for those in the Confederate movement to stop trying to negotiate with the enemy and start to go on the offensive. There is no neutral ground between the contending parties upon which a “meeting of the minds” can occur. Neither our beloved Stonewall nor Forrest ever tried to negotiate in battle, and neither should we. Our foes are self-conscious enemies of everything we stand for, especially the Christian foundation of our cause. Southern theologian James Henley Ihomwell was absolutely correct when he wrote in the 1860$:
“The parties in this conflict are not merely Abolitionists and slaveholders, they are Atheists, Socialists, Communists, Red Republicans, Jacobins on the one side and the friends of order
and regulated freedom on the other. In one word, the world is the battleground, Christianity and Atheism the combatants, and the progress of humanity the stake.”
This is no less true in our own day. For example, the NAACP has always had strong Communist ties and they continue to operate from a openly anti-Christian perspective. We hear them talk of tolerance, but it should be remembered that their version of tolerance is inclusive of all cultures and ideologies but the one described by these three words: White, Southern, and Christian. Paganism is on the rise in this country, and therefore, the Christian symbolism and heritage of the Old South are being targeted for elimination. Those neo-Confederates who refuse to see this conflict as a religious war of worldviews invariably will defect in principle to the enemy and will wind up, not only being completely irrelevant, but actually a detriment to our cause. Witness the leading Confederate group’s total ineptness to stop the Battle Flag from coming down in South Carolina. Mississippi is next on the list, folks, and Georgia will soon follow if Southerners don’t wake up to the real issues at stake.
It is also time to take a good look at ourselves and make sure that it is for God’s glory we are fighting and not our own. The motto of the Confederate States was Deo Vindice — God Will Vindicate. Indeed, He will vindicate those whose cause is an uncompromising defense of the Crown Rights of the Lord Jesus Christ. God will bless
Dixie the very day that the people of Dixie begin again to bless God — by submitting themselves to His Son and seeking His pardon for their rebellion against His Kingdom. God promised in 2 Chronicles 7:14 to heal our land only if we humble ourselves and turn from our wicked ways. Let us therefore heed the words of the mighty Christian soldier Stonewall Jackson:
“Let us all unite in imploring God’s aid in fighting our battles for us. If God be for us, who can be against us? That He will make our nation that people whose God is the Lord is my earnest and oft repeated prayer. Whilst we attach so much importance to being free from temporal bondage, we must attach far more to being free from the bondage of sin.”
The Confederate States Research Centre is located at 155 East Pine Avenue in Wiggins, Mississippi. Please consult the schedule for daily events. Please also visit our ever-growing website at www.freemississip-pi.org/educational. We are a non-profit educational outreach of FreeMississippi.org and are supported solely by donations. If you would like to become a Sponsor, please fill out the form posted on our website and mail it in with a cheque or money order. We also accept credit cards through PayPal (if you haven’t used this service before, you will receive a bonus of 5.00 just for signing up). Catalogues and subscriptions to this newsletter are free upon request. Deo Vindice!
— Greg Loren Durand CSRC director
It is one of the myths of modern-day "political correctness” that the war of 1861 was fought from its inception by the North for the purpose of freeing the Southern slaves and extending to them social and political equality, and by the South in the interest of maintaining the institution of slavery and the oppression of the Black race. In the forefront of this mvth stands the sixteenth U.S.
w
President Abraham Lincoln, who is routinely held up as the “Great Emancipator” and the immortal champion of racial equality. What is not normally admitted by such history revisionists is what Lincoln really thought of slavery in general and of the Negroes in particular. This was the man who spoke of the “natural disgust in the minds of nearly all White people to the idea of an indiscriminate amalgamation of the White and Black races” (speech delivered at Peoria, Illinois, 16 October 1854), who believed that “there is a physical difference between the White and Black races which... will forbid the two races living together in terms of social and political equality,” and who was “in favor of having the superior position assigned to the White race” (speech at Charleston, Illinois, 18 September 1858). “Free them, and make them politically and socially our equals?” he asked on another occasion. “My own feelings will not admit of this... We cannot make them our equals” (speech at Peoria, Illinois* 16 October 1858).
In his first Inaugural Address, Lincoln clearly slated that he had no intention of fighting a war against slavery: *i have no purpose directly or indi*
The Myth of the Qreat Emancipator
by Greg Loren Durand
rectly to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no intention to do so.” The following amendment had been previously passed by both chambers of Congress and approved on 3 March 1861: “That no amendment shall be made to the Constitution which will authorize or give Congress power to abolish or interfere within any State with the domestic institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labour or servitude by the laws of said State.” This amendment, written by Thomas Corwin, a Northern Congressman who would later serve as Lincoln’s minister to Mexico, and approved by a Northern-dominated Congress, would have become the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution had Virginia, Arkansas, Tennessee, and North Carolina not seceded following Lincoln’s unlawful proclamation of 15 April 1861. Noting the passage of this amendment for the perpetual protection of slavery, Lincoln said in his Inaugural Address, “I have no objection to its being made express and irrevocable.”
The Radicals Seek Revolution
For the first year and a half of the conflict, Lincoln steadfastly refused to reconsider his position against interfering with slavery in the South. So what induced him to change his policy and to finally agree to issue a proclamation of emancipation? That it was done for political expediency, and not for principle, is evident from the facts. The radical Republican element in Congress and in key positions of authority in the
North had long protested against the Joint Resolution of 24 July 1861, which denied that the war was being prosecuted for the purpose of destroying slavery in the South:
“Resolved, That the war is waged by the Government of the United States, not in the spirit of conquest or subjugation, nor the purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or institutions of the States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve the Union with all the equality and rights of the several States unimpaired, and that as soon as these objects are accomplished, the war ought to cease” {Statutes at Large, Volume XIV, page 814).
Republican Representative F.A. Conway of Kansas had denounced this “save the Union” policy with these words: “This is the immense sacrifice we are making for freemen and the Union; and yet it is all to be squandered on a subterfuge and cheat! For one, I shall not vote another dollar or a man for the war until it assumes a different standing, and tends directly to an anti-slavery result” (speech of 12 December 1862).
Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania likewise openly stated in the House:
“Sir, I can no longer agree that this Administration is pursuing a wise policy.... Its policy ought to be to order our army, wherever they go, to free the slaves, to enlist them, to arm them, to discipline them as they have been enlisted, armed and disciplined every* where else, and as they can be here, and set them shooting their masters, it thev
*
will not submit to this Government. Call that savage if you please” (speech of 5 July 1862).
J.M. Ashley, another Republican from Ohio, said, “In my judgment, an enduring peace can be secured only by conquering the rebels, confiscating their property, and emancipating their slaves” (speech of 23 May 1862).
The hue and cry raised by the Republicans in favor of using the war to revolutionize the Government and to forever remove the possibility of a restoration of the Union on a constitutional foundation was becoming deafening. N.P. Banks of Massachusetts dreamed of “a time when this Constitution shall not be in existence — when we shall have an absolute military dictatorial Government, transmitted from age to age, with men at its head who are made rulers by military commission, or who claim an hereditary right to govern those over whom they are placed” (quoted by Stephen D. Carpenter, Logic of History [1864], page 122). Influential Abolitionist Wendell Phillips called the Constitution “a mistake” and demanded that it be torn in pieces. “Our aim is disunion, breaking up of the states,” he said. “...[0]ur work cannot be done under our institutions.... [The Republican party] is the first sectional party ever organized in this country.... The Republican party is a party of the North pledged against the South” (quoted by Carpenter, ibid., pages 100, 101). The Chicago Tribune, a leading Republican organ, declared, “The Union as it was will never bless the vision of any pro-slavery fanatic or secession sympathizer, and it never ought to! It is a thing of the past, hated by every patriot, and destined never to curse an
honest people, or blot the pages of history again!” (quoted by Carpenter, ibid., page 119). Republican Senator from Kansas Jim Lane said, “I would like to live long enough to see every white man in South Carolina in hell, and the negroes inheriting their territory” (quoted by Carpenter, ibid.). Thaddeus Stevens, who was quoted above, also openly called for a destruction of the Union and the Constitution and a policy of subjugation of the Southern people:
“This talk of restoring the Union as it was, and under the Constitution as it is, is one of the absurdities which I have heard repeated until I have become sick of it. There are many things which make such an event impossible. This Union never shall, with my consent, be restored under the Constitution as it is!...
“The Union as it was, and the Constitution as it is — God forbid it! We must conquer the Southern States and hold them as conquered provinces” (quoted by Carpenter, ibid., pages 117, 151).
The Fremont Conspiracy
There also was formed by the Northern radicals a conspiracy to depose Lincoln and replace him with John C. Fremont if he would not acquiesce to their demands to change the war into a crusade for the utter destruction of slavery and Southern culture. On 16 September 1862, less than a week before the preliminary Emancipation Proclamation was wrung from the President’s pen, the following telegraph was sent from Washington:
“Most astounding disclosures
have been made here to-day, by letters and verbal communications, from prominent politicians, showing that a vast conspiracy has been set on foot by the radicals of the Fremont faction to depose the present administration, and place Fremont at the head of a provisional government; in other words, to make him military dictator. One of these letters asserts that one feature of this conspiracy is the proposed meeting of the governors of the northern states to request President Lincoln to resign, to enable them to carry out their scheme.... From other well informed sources it is learned that the fifty thousand independent volunteers proposed to be raised under the auspices of the New York National Union Defence Committee were intended to be a nucleus for the organization of the Fremont conspiracy.... This startling disclosure is vouched for by men of high repute in New York and other northern states. It is the last card of those who have been vainly attempting to drive the President into the adoption of their own peculiar policy.”
In this historical context, it should be obvious that the “Great Emancipator” acted much more in the interest of saving his own job than in the interest of the slaves when he finally issued the Emancipation Proclamation. What is not commonly known is that this document not only referred exclusively to the slaves “within any State or designated part of a State the people whereof shall then be in rebellion against the United States” — leaving the condition of the slaves in the border States and in those parts of the Confederacy already occupied by Northern troops “precisely as if this proclamation
B SAVE THE FLAG
www.FreeMississippi.org
were not issued" — but that it did so “as a fit and necessary war measure for
w
suppressing the rebellion." A year later, Lincoln wrote the following letter to Horace Greeley:
“Mv paramount object is to save the Union, and not to either destroy or save slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing the slaves, I would do it. If 1 could save the Union b\ freeing some and leaving others in slaven. 1 would do it. If I could save it
40 *
by freeing all, I would do that. What I do about slavery and the colored race, I do because I believe it helps to save the Union" (letter of 3 September 1863).
Ward H. Lamon, who was a close associate of Lincoln’s throughout the war, wrote from first-hand experience of the President’s views on Blacks:
‘‘None of Mr. Lincoln’s public acts, either before or after he became President, exhibit any special tenderness for the African race, or commiseration of their lot. On the contrary, he invariably, in words and deeds, postponed the interest of the negro to the
interest of the whites. When from political and military considerations he was forced to declare the freedom of the enemy’s slaves, he did so with avowed reluctance; he took pains to have it known he was in no wise affected by sentiment. He never at any time favored the admission of negroes into the body of the electors of his State, or in the States of the South. He claimed that those negroes set free by the army were poor spirited, lazy and slothful; that they could only be made soldiers by force, and would not be ever willing laborers at all; that they seemed to have no interest in the cause of their own race, but were as docile in the service of the rebellion as the mule that ploughed the fields or drew the baggage trains. As a people, Lincoln thought negroes would only be useful to those who were at the same time their masters, and the foes of those who sought their good. He wanted the negro protected as women and children are. He had no notion of extending the privilege of governing to the negro. Lincoln always contended that the cheapest way
of getting rid of the negro was for the Nation to buy the slaves and send them out of the country” (Life of Abraham Lincoln [1872], page 334).
In a day in which the symbols and history of the Old South are so viciously attacked by the PC thought-police, how ironic it is that such a man as Lincoln is held up by the mainstream media and enlightened historiographers as the very incarnation of today’s political religion of egalitarianism. By the modem definitions of the terms, Lincoln was a White supremist and a racist, and yet, there he sits upon his marble throne in Washington, D.C., gazing out over the adoring throngs of worshippers like one of the mythical gods of Msunt Olympus. Louisiana State University at Shreveport recently announced its plans to open the International*Abraham Lincoln Center and the world has applauded; one does not have to wonder what would have been the response if they had instead announced plans for a International Jefferson Davis Centre or, even worse, a ConfederatejStates Research .Centre.
Confederate States Research Centre do U.S. Post Office Box 769 Wiggins, Mississippi C.S.A [occupation code: 39577]

Ol ' Times Here Are Not Forgotten

y
II

Tuesday, 3 October 9:00 am 9 30 am 11 00 am 12:30 pm 1 00 pm
open
What Do Confederate Symbols Stand For? (video lecture) Our Debt to Our Confederate Ancestors (vid, lecture) General Robert E. Lee (video documentary) closed
Wednesday, 4 October 9:00 am	open
9:30 am	The Beast of Revelation	Identified (video documentary)
12:00 pm	closed
Thursday, 5 October 9:00 am 9:30 am 10:30 am 11:30 pm 1:00 pm
open
Video History of the Battle of Gettysburg (vid. doc.) Touring Civil War Battlefields (video doc.)
The Monitor v. the CSS Viriginia (video documentary) closed
Friday, 6 October 9:00 am 9:30 am 11:00 am 12:00 pm 1:00 pm 2:00 pm
open	y
Southern Cultural Independence Day Rally (vid. doc.)
Stonewall Jackson (vid. doc.)
Story of America's Christian Roots (video documentary)
The Evolution Conspiracy
closed
Saturday, 7 October
9:00 am
9:30 am
11:30 am
12:30 pm
2:00 pm
3:00 pm
open
The Confederate Constitution (video lecture) closed for dinner
Mosby's Marauders (motion picture)
Great Generals of the South (vid. documentary) closed
Tuesday, 3 October 9:00 am 9:30 am 11:00 am 12:30 pm 1:00 pm
open
What Do Confederate Symbols Stand For? (vid. lect.) Our Debt to Our Confederate Ancestors (vid. lecture) General Robert E. Lee (video documentary) closed
Wednesday, 11 October 9:00 am	open
9:30 am	Pickett's	Charge (video documentary)
12:00 pm	closed
Due to national League of the South conference in Pensacola, Florida, we will be closed from Thursday, 12 October through Monday, 16 October
T uesday, 17 October 9:00 am 9:30 am 11:00 am 12:30 pm 1 00 pm
open
Littlest Rebel (motion picture)
What Do Confederate Symbols Stand For? (video lecture)
General Robert E. Lee (video documentary)
closed
Wednesday, 18 October 9:00 am	open
9 30 am	Witnesses	of Jehovah (video	documentary)
October Schedule
(we are closed Sundays and Mondays)

Thursday, 9 00 am 9 30 am U :30 am I 00 pm
19 October
open
The Hunlcy (motion picture)
Our Debt to Our Confederate Ancestors (video lecture) closed
Friday, 20 October
9:00 am 9:30 am 10:30 am 11:30 pm 12:30 pm 2:00 pm 7:00 pm
open
Stonewall Jackson
Pickett’s Charge (video documentary)
Great Generals of the South (video documentary) The Gray Ghost: John S. Mosby (vid. doc.) closed
FreeMississippi.org monthly meeting
Saturday, 21 October
9:00 am
9:30 am
11:30 am
12:30 pm
2:00 pm
3:00 pm
open
The Confederate Constitution (video lecture) closed for dinner
Mosby's Marauders (motion picture)
Robert E. Lee (video documentary) • closed
Tuesday, 24 October 9:00 am 9:30 am 11:00 am 12:30 pm 1:00 pm
open
Company Aytch (video lecture)
Southern Cultural Independence Day Rally (vid. lecture)
General Robert E. Lee (video documentary)
closed
Wednesday, 25 October 9:00 am	open
9:30 am	War Between the States/Southem Truth	(video documentary)
12:00 pm	closed
Thursday, 26 October
9:00 am
9:30 am
11:00 am
12:30 pm
1:00 pm
open
What Do Confederate Symbols Stand For? (video lecture) Our Debt to Our Confederate Ancestors (video lecture)
By the Dawn's Early Light (video documentary) closed
Friday, 27 October 9:00 am 9:30 am 10:30 am 11:30 pm 2:00 pm
open
The Story of America's Christian Roots (video doc.) Stonewall Jackson (video documentary)
War Between the States/Southem Truth (video doc.) closed
Saturday, 28 October
9:00 am
9:30 am
11 ;30 am
12:30 pm
1:30 pm
3 :00 pm
open
The Confederate Constitution (video lecture) closed for dinner
Confederate Battle Flag Rally, S.C. (vid. doc.) Great Generals of the South (vid. documentary) closed
Tuesday, 31 October 9:00 am	open
9:30 am	The	Monitor	v.	the	CSS	Virginia	(vid	doc.)