The Bi-Monthly Newsletter of the Confederate States Research Centre Issue the Eighth	.	March/ADril	A.D.	2001
From the Director's Desk...
Greetings Compatriots. As y’all have probably noticed, this issue of the Rebel Yell newsletter is larger than usual. Because of the high cost of postage, the publication schedule has been changed to bi-monthly, but the size of the newsletter has been doubled.
Publication of The Runnymeade Report has been postponed for a month or two due to insufficient funds. We will make another attempt at it this Spring. If you have already sent in a donation to become a subscriber, your funds are still being held. Third Level Sponsors will automatically receive a complimentary copy of the premiere issue.
FreeMississippi.org and The League of the South will be sponsoring a flag rally at the State Capitol in Jackson, Mississippi on 14 April A.D. 2001. With the cultural cleansing of all traces of Confederate symbolism and heritage from modem American culture kicking into high gear, the eyes of the whole South have now turned to Mississippi. The Confederate Battle Flag was removed last year from the Capitol Dome in South Carolina, Georgians lost their State Flag last month, and now the 1894 Mississippi State Flag battle may very well be Dixie's Last Stand Scheduled
speakers at this rally are John Thomas Cripps, Chairman of FreeMississippi.org, Dr. J. Michael Hill, President of The League of the South, and Franklin Sanders, Editor of The Moneychanger. Good Southern entertainment will also be provided. We need a huge gathering of unreconstructed Southerners — not just Mississippians — to join us in Jackson next month and “put the skeer” into the opposition. Please mark your calendars and plan to be there. For more information and directions, visit www.freemississip-pi. org/lastst and. htm.
FreeMississippi.org member Terry Rainey of Gautier, Mississippi began his 45-day walk from Gulfport to Jackson in support of the Mississippi State Flag on the third of March. He will be arriving in Wiggins on Friday, the ninth of March and a press conference will be held at the Confederate States Research Centre on Saturday. If you are in the area, please come by and meet Terry and give him your encouragement and support. Please also remember to pray for Terry’s safety every day until he arrives in Jackson on the day of the April flag rally (there has already been a minor incident of harassment from a group of anti-flag Blacks in Gulfport and similar incidents are likely to occur over the next month and a half). If you would like to volunteer a few
hours to follow Terry in your vehicle up Highway 49, or even to walk with him for a few miles, please contact the FreeMississippi.org office at (601)	528-9219	or	visit
www. freemississippi. org/vote/ral-lies/walk.htm for photographs and more information..
Our new lending library is operational which contains copies of rare history books, as well as a wide selection of video documentaries, lectures, and old family-oriented motion pictures. A listing of available check-out materials is posted on our website (URL below). Please remember that check-out privileges are restricted to Sponsors only.
The Confederate States Research Centre is located at 155 East Pine Avenue in Wiggins, Mississippi. Visit our newly redesigned website at	www. freemississip-
pi. org/educational or call us at (601)	928-2090 for more
information. We are a non-profit educational outreach of Free-Mississippi.org and are supported solely by donations. If you would like to become a Sponsor, please fill out the form posted on our website. Catalogues and subscriptions to this newsletter are free upon request. Deo Vindice!
— Greg Loren Durand CSRC Director
The Theology of History
bv Gres; Loren Durand
Dr Gan North once remarked,k‘Neutrality does not exist. Everything must be interpreted in terms of what God has revealed. The humanistic goal of neutral language... was overturned at the Tower of Babel. Our definitions must be in terms of biblical revelation” (“In Defense of Biblical Bribery,” in R.J. Rushdoony, Institutes of Biblical Law [1973], page 843). History, of course, is not exempt from this requirement. Secular historians generally view human events and the passage of time as the outworking of mere chance; history therefore has no point of origin, no discernible structure, and no culmination to which it directs our gaze. The worldview of the Humanist is both nihilistic and non-chronological; nothing is ultimately knowable and nothing can really be communicated from one generation to another. In the words of one Humanist writer, “There is no one key to the riddle of historical causation. At times one or another factor may rise to a position of transcendent importance, but no single ‘cause’ or ‘influence’ has been dominant throughout all of human history” (Harry Elmer Barnes, Living in the Twentieth Century [1928], page 361). More to the point, the Second Humanist Manifesto declared, “...[W]e can discover no divine purpose or providence for the human species. While there is much that we do not know, humans are responsible for what we are or will become. No deity will save us; we must save ourselves” ([1980], page 16).
The Humanist can never learn from the past because the past has nothing to teach him. Since everything is in a constant state of flux, it is impossible for the Humanist to understand the past; he is unable to analyze historical events because he cannot assume that either the scientific method or the ethical system which he employs to conduct his analysis were relevant to that particular tone Since there is no continuity from one generation to the next, true heritage is meaningless. He is therefore unable to establish a mental link to his ancestors, for the world they saw and the emotions they felt were likely nothing like his own. In a word, history is meaningless and he is cut off from the family of man to drift aimlessly through a disjointed and unattached existence toward a frighteningly unpredictable future.
In his book 1984, George Orwell wrote, “Who controls the past controls the future Who controls the
present controls the past.” It should not surprise us that Humanists will interpret, or even rewrite history as current circumstances or political agendas may require. The god of the Humanist (and we must never doubt the fact that he does in fact worship a god) is a territorial god; he is bound to the here and now and his dominion is confined to what can be seen, heard, touched, smelled, or tasted. Such a god disdains precedent, rejects established customs and usages, and instead commands his worshippers to indulge themselves in the pursuit of momentary pleasures or private gain. A people who have bowed their knee to such an idol as this cannot be free; they must be subjugated to tyrants who rule according to superior force rather than a set system of laws, for, as the Humanist believes, “there are no absolutes, no values or facts outside space and time, only those ends in view and facts that we help to discover or create” (Sidney Ratner, essay: “Facts and Values in History,” The Humanist, January/February, 1957, page 38). True liberty is inseparably tied to history, and if history is irrelevant or mutable according to circumstances, then the only “law” which can restrain the tyrant or govern his conquered domain is that which he discovers by trial and error, or that which he creates out of thin air as “necessity” dictates. As C .S. Lewis cautioned, “Let us not be deceived by phrases
2
The Rebel Yell
Issue the Eighth
about ‘Man taking charge of his own destiny.’ All that can really happen is that some men will take charge of the destiny of the others" (God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics [1972], page 316). Thus, the people are increasingly heavy-laden under a legal yoke of incessantly changing codes, rules, and regulations that arise from an equally mutable “public policy." Deprived of any historical reference pomt by which to evaluate their condition, and deprived of a belief in a transcendent Being to whom they can turn for aid in the midst of their plight, such a people will eventually resort to revolutionary means of securing their freedom from one tyrant and resulting in their subsequent bondage to another with his own baseless laws and changing policies. Thus, the unbeliever is forced to affirm, with Vladimir Lenin, that ‘"the real driving force of history is the revolutionary class struggle" (Collected Works [1980], Volume XI, page 71), or with Karl Marx, that “Revolutions are the locomotives of history" (Collected Works [1978], Volume X, page 122).
“Does history support a belief in God?” The answer, according to the Humanist, is a “reluctant negative” (Will and Ariel Durant, The Lessons of History [1968], page 46). The Christian, however, does not succumb to such a “reluctant" infidelity. History not only supports a belief in God, but confirms it. As Carl F.H. Henry wrote, “Christianity claims to be an historical religion not simply in the sense that all world religions are historical, that is, phenomena of human history; it asserts more than this, namely, that the living God decisively grounds divine revelation in specific external events attested in the Judeo-Christian Scriptures” (God, Revelation and Authority [1976], Volume II, page 312).
“Because God created a true universe outside of Himself... there is a true history which exists” (Francis Schaeffer, Complete Works [1982], Volume I, page 113). Cicero once declared, “To be ignorant of what happened before you were bom is to be ever a child." History to the Christian is to be diligently and honestly studied and the lessons of the past are to be applied to the present. We are not to be ignorant of history (1 Corinthians 10:1), not only because the events of the past have shaped our present, just as what we do today will effect our children’s tomorrow, but more importantly, that “we henceforth he no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive” (Ephesians 4:14). Children are generally not conscious of a reality outside of their own limited experience and must be told by others how to think and act. The mature Christian man, however, is able to both think for and
govern himself. He possesses an inward code of ethics which is derived from study of the true history of the Bible and of the lives of faithful Christians who have gone before him. He is able to review the mistakes of his predecessors in the Faith and to intelligently apply the lessons learned therefrom to avoid repeating their mistakes, and he is likewise able to imitate his forefathers when he discerns that they acted rightly. As Paul wrote to the Corinthians, “Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition... ” (1 Corinthians 10:11). In this way, each generation of Christians is enabled to build upon the foundations laid by past generations, ever moving the human family forward in its moral and social development. Make no mistake about it, mankind owes its progress to the Christian Church as she is led by the Holy Spirit, not to the heathen ramblings of unregenerate pseudo-intellectuals and revisionist historians who see man’s existence as nothing more than a bloody “survival of the fittest.”
The reprobate philosopher Voltaire insisted that history is merely “a collection of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind”; it is nothing more than a curiosity by which the unbeliever is “ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth ” (2 Timothy 3:7). The Scriptures, on the other hand, teach providential historiography — the doctrine that history is the manifestation of God’s providential dealings with His creation for the benefit of His people, the Church. “We know, ” wrote the Apostle Paul, “that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose” (Romans 8:28). When preaching to the heathen philosophers on Mars Hill, Paul stated:
God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands [He is not a territorial god]; neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things; and hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation; that they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us: for in him we live, and move, and have our being (Acts 17:24-28).
Man is indeed responsible for the estate in which he finds himself, but at the same time, there is a higher will that directs his will and moves his every thought and action to
Issue the Eighth
The Rebel Yell
j
accomplish a purpose often unknown to himself. A man s heart deviseth his way: hut the LORD directeth his steps (Proverbs 16:9). Even "the king’s heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he tumeth it withersoever he will" (Proverbs 21:1). To again quote Henry:
Yahweh vindicates his holy purpose even amid human actions that defiantly repudiate him and his concerns. All historical events are subject to his overruling omnipotence and inescapably serve his intended ends; even the untoward actions of wicked men are made sovereignly instrumental to God's purposes of redemptive grace and triumphant righteousness. Mankind's self-assertive and rebellious will in no case diminishes the course of events under Yahweh’s sovereign control; even the most insolent actions of unregenerate humanity promote a divine overarching purpose (God, Revelation, and Authority, page 254).
Everything, including time itself, serves the will of the
True and Living God. History is therefore His story; God has orchestrated the affairs of the earth to bring honor to His Son Jesus Christ and glory to Himself. God the Father has promised to give the nations of the world to the Son as His inheritance (Psalm 2:8), and history is the ongoing fulfillment of that promise. To study history is to study God; history is theology. To interpret history in any other way is to adopt the mindset of the atheist.
Let us remember that all confederacies, leagues, united states or nations that do not bow their knee and covenant with the God of history and with His appointed King are doomed to fall into ruin (Psalm 2:11-12, 9:17), lose their place in history, and be forgotten by future generations (Hosea 4:6) . As we have seen, any people who reject the Covenant of Life which was ratified in the Blood shed by Jesus Christ will necessarily embrace the covenant of death which is ratified, but never satisfied, by the blood shed by millions of victims in an ongoing series of revolutions (Proverbs 8:36). The Church, however, will endure throughout history and will, as the Prophet foresaw, expand to fill the whole earth (Daniel 2:35).
Now Available Through CSRCj
AMERICA’S CAESAR
The Decline and Fall of Republican Government in the United States of America
by Greg Loren Durand
Expanded and Updated Third Edition 8V2X 11 inches, 570 pages, illustrated Price: 30.80 (includes postage)
America is no longer the land of the free. In Senate Report 93-549, the U S. Congress made the astonishing admission that, since at least 9 March 1933, the American people have lived under a state of national emergency (martial law). Instead of a federal Government of delegated and limited powers, what now operates from Washington, D C. is a centralized military despotism which claims sovereignty over its citizens and rules them by statute in all cases whatsoever. Beginning with the usurpations of Abraham Lincoln, this book explains how the so-called emergency powers of the President of the United States developed over a period of seven decades and finally culminated in the virtual supplanting of the Constitution by Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s New Deal democracy. The author draws heavily from a wealth of rare political literature from the past two centuries, as well as long-forgotten Government documents to paint an unsettling picture of American history and to show why nothing ever seems to change in Washington, no matter which political party is in power.
The Rebel Yell
Issue the Eighth
The Powerful Symbolism of the Confederate Battle Flag
by Dr. J. Michael Hill
The Confederate Battle Flag, writes Dr. Clyde Wilson in the August issue of Chronicles Magazine, is “the most potent symbol in all the world today of a spirit of resistance to all that is summed up by the label "New World Order’....” Well put, indeed. However, those of us who support the flag have suffered in the battle with our enemies until now precisely because we have not been able to rally behind a simple and clear definition of what our beloved symbol actually symbolizes.
To say that the Battle Flag (or what we should properly call the St. Andrew’s Cross) stands for “Southern heritage” is a much too vague and unfocused definition. Our enemies have succeeded in casting the flag as a symbol of “hatred, racism, and slavery .” If we can reply only with wimpy slogans such as “Heritage, Not Hate,” then we will forever stand on the defensive in this conflict. It is high time we stopped reacting and took the offensive.
As Dr. Wilson rightly notes, the starry St. Andrew’s Cross stands against all that is represented by the New World Order. But we would do better to frame the debate in terms of what our noble flag stands for, and that is Christian liberty.
It will be to our great benefit to simplify this fight, and we can best do that by pitting Christian liberty against its antithesis — the New World Order. This dichotomy clearly defines the real battle lines in a way that “Southern heritage” vs. “hatred, racism, and slavery” could never do.
In order to successfully oppose the New World Order elite, first we must define who they are and where their worldview originated. It is not enough to simply proclaim “liberalism” as the enemy (although liberals of all stripes are a major component of the New World Order crowd). We must go further and include among them many secular conservatives. We would do well to remember that the modem political terms “left” and "right ’ originated during the French Revolution (1789-99). Those seated on the left side of the aisle in the Legislative Assembly were commonly seen as the most radical of the revolutionaries. Indeed the most extreme radical element, the “Mountain,” occupied the uppermost
seats on the left side of the chamber; these were the infa mous Jacobins. Those seated on the right were less extreme than the Jacobins and their leftist allies, but were revolutionaries nonetheless. The so-called “right” was dominated by the Girondins, the equivalent of today’s Republican Party. The Girondins are said to have supported the bourgeois (middle- and upper-middle class) commercial and business interests, while the Jacobins favoured the “people.”
Labels aside, however, both the Jacobins and Girondins were supporters of the revolution, and as such, advocated a secularized and centralized unitary State (the New World Order of their day). The left’s preferred means of operation would have brought about this new order more rapidly than would have the right’s. But like today’s Democrat and Republican parties, they were headed in the same ultimate direction.
Upon close inspection, there were more similarities than differences between the Jacobins and Girondins; the same holds true of the Democrats and Republicans in our day. As the great Southern Presbyterian divine Robert Lewis Dabney once said, conservatives (and he was speaking of “Yankee” conservatives) — a term synonymous with the “right” — have never conserved anything. Instead, they lag slightly behind the leftists on the road to perdition. Where today’s leftists stand, so-called conservatives on the “right” will stand within twenty years. Simply put, both secular leftists and rightists are revolutionaries. They are mere rivals for power and not true enemies to one another. The only difference is in their public rhetoric, their timetable, and their modus operandi (as our own Bob Whittaker says, Democrats will stab you in the chest while Republicans stab you in the back). The final goal is the same for both: the rule of autonomous man in a purely relativistic and materialistic universe. There is no place for the triune God of the Bible within either camp.
As proponents of true Christian liberty, we must be counter-revolutionaries. One of our first efforts ought to be to expose the origins and progress of this anti-Christian, statist agenda that now manifests itself under the label "‘New World Order.”
5
Issue the Eighth
The Rebel Yell
The age-old question has been: “Does God rule or does man?” In other words, where does sovereignty (supreme power) reside? The 1828 edition of Noah Webster's dictionary defines "sovereignty'’ as follows: Supreme power; supremacy; the possession of the highest power, or of uncontrollable power. Absolute sovereignty belongs to God only.” Our problem today in the Western world is that wo have a flawed understanding of the meaning of "sovereignty,” and until we correct that misunderstanding we will not enjoy the blessing of Christian liberty.
Since the fell of man through Adam, our federal head, in the Garden of Eden, sinful men have sought to "become as gods” themselves. Today’s New World Order elites are no different. Their god is autonomous man, and his religion is the civic religion of statism. The State is god, and it is to the State that we are told to look for salvation. The New World Order promises world peace, material prosperity, happiness, an end to poverty and hunger, preservation of the global environment, the enforcement of justice and “human rights,” and a host of other salvific measures.
The religion of the New World Order is thoroughly pagan (/.e. secular humanism). Throughout history, power-hungry elites have denied the inerrancy and infallibility of the Bible as God’s Word. Consequently, they have also denied the sovereignty of the Lord Jesus Christ over the affairs of men. The present regnant ideology sees politics, and not theology, as the “queen of the sciences” because it views the omnipotent central State as its god. In modem America, the dominant ideology has taken the form of “democracy.” Within this branch of the civic religion the most important sacrament is the act of voting. The voice of the people (presuming that elections are fairly conducted) has become the voice of God. It is they, then, who are said to possess sovereignty.
While it is true that our Founding Fathers gave us a polity in which the people of the individual States were sovereign, they did not go so far as to openly acknowledge that the sovereignty of the people of the States was only a delegated power from God. As Webster’s 1828 dictionary noted, absolute sovereignty belongs to God alone, and in the temporal (or earthly) sphere there are only delegated and limited powers granted from that source. Thus no earthly authority, be it totalitarian, authoritarian, or majoritanan (i.e. democracy), can possess true sovereignty Those political systems that claim to do so have set themselves against God and His Son, the King of Kings and Lord of Lords
No political community can hope to enjoy prolonged periods of peace and prosperity (not to mention liberty) that does not acknowledge the triune God as its true Sovereign. This we are promised, and history demonstrates it to be so. The United States, contrary to popular myth, is no exception. Though the Framers of our constitutional, federated Republic attempted to give us a system in which popular freedom might flourish, they committed a fundamental error by not recognizing the sovereignty of Christ over our civil government.
Temporal wisdom allows that our Republic is based on the popular will of its citizens — the “consent of the governed.” And, as far as it goes, this is surely an honorable estate. Civil rulers are to be the servants, and not the masters, of their subjects. But legitimate rulers are not only answerable to those over whom they rule; they are, most importantly, answerable to God. Indeed, they are His magistrates and rule by His sovereign decree. Romans 13:1-4 says:
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers.
For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? Do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.
Therefore, all just government (/. e. that which promotes good and punishes evil) is the ordinance of God, and all rulers (ministers) must answer to Him for their actions. Whether they are kings, dictators, oligarchs, or democrats, they mle only as God’s appointed ministers and not as true sovereigns themselves. Their power is merely derivative of His absolute power.
By failing to articulate the proper relationship between the Sovereign God and His earthly ministers, our Founding Fathers neglected the most significant bulwark against tyranny, both real and potential. They provided a system in which the people (albeit the people of the separate States) might become a law unto themselves with nothing superior that could control their desires. There was to be no higher standard of accountability than the voice of the people in their capacity as citizens of the several Sates. The people, then, became a god, and their
6
The Rebel Yell
Issue the Eighth
voice could command no wrong. They were the ultimate and superior tribunal to which all questions of right and wrong were appealed. As Presbyterian minister James Henley Thomwell noted: “A foundation was thus laid for the worst of all possible forms of government-democratic absolutism.'' The will of the majority (much like Rousseau's ‘"General Wiir) becomes the supreme law, and as majorities shift from age to age, so do the moral standards of the law.
The failure of our Founding Fathers was simple: they saw civil government as a man-made and man-centered institution. For that reason, it cannot and will not endure. The current decline of American “civilization” bears this out. We see in Daniel 2 that King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon’s dream (which the Prophet Daniel alone could interpret) foretold the fall of mighty empires (the Babylonian, Persian, Greek, and Roman) that opposed die sovereign rule of the true and living God. These empires would be smashed (the fate of all such worldly empires) by the “stone cut out without hands ” (2:34). This stone represents the kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ, which is extant even today and will continue to grow and cover the whole earth until all His enemies have been made His footstool.
In order that we may be in conformity with the sovereign rule of Christ, our civil governments must acknowledge that both rulers and ruled alike are subject to God’s supreme authority. All civil magistrates must be benefactors of good and revengers against evil. But they are not at liberty to give their own interpretations of these opposite moral categories; rather, God’s Word as revealed to man in the Holy Scriptures is the only inerrant and infallible standard by which we can judge good and evil. Rulers who insist on calling evil good and good evil (Isaiah 5 .20) are iUegitimate and tyrannous men and must be actively opposed by God’s people {i.e. the Christian Church). As the seventeenth-century Scottish Covenanters declared: “Resistance to Tyrants is Obedience to God.”
To be legitimate, civil governments must acknowledge God as their superior and His Law as superior to all human decrees. God jealously guards His position as absolute Sovereign; therefore. He has seen fit to bless with Christian liberty those peoples and nations that conform to a proper model of the devolution of power. In I Samuel 8, the elders of the Hebrew tribes (a confederacy or league at the time) made it known to Samuel that they desired a king to rule over them in the fashion of other nations Samuel voiced his displeasure with this arrangement, and went to the Lord m prayer for Israel’s sake. The Lord thus told Samuel: Hearken unto the voice of
the people in all that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them ” (8:7). God also told Samuel to inform the people as to what sort of king they would have:
And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers. And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants. And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants. And he will take your men servants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work. He will take the tenth of your sheep: and you shall be his servants. And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you; and the Lord will not hear you in that day (8:13-18).
Sadly, this is the lot of all peoples and nations that refuse to have God as their true Sovereign King. The New World Order will not have the true and living God as its Sovereign. It recognizes no power above itself. Thus it is in a state of open rebellion against God. Because of this apostasy, all Christians must stand against the new pagan order. If we are to have the blessing of liberty from our Creator, we have no choice but to oppose any and all worldviews that are contrary to His Word and Law. We begin by submitting ourselves, as creatures, to the One who made us. By doing so, we demonstrate a correct understanding of the ultimate and absolute sovereignty of God. And by implication, we admit of our subordinate standing to Him. Wherever and whenever our starry St. Andrew’s Cross waves, let it be in defense of this vital truth.
Dr. Hill is the President of the League of the South.
The New Voice of the Old South
League Oxime
www.dixienet.org
Issue the Eighth
The Rebel Yell
7