The Monthly Newsletter of the Confederate States Research Centre
Issue the Fifth	December	A.D.	2000
From the Director’s Desk...
Greetings Compatriots. America is currently in a state of confusion. There is confusion as to how our system of government is to operate. There is confusion as to how far the Government may go in the exercise of its authority before it has overstepped the bounds of the Constitution. There is confusion even on what the Constitution actually says or means (most Americans never having read it for themselves). And finally, although most people will concede that there are some serious problems in modem America, there is confusion as to how this country has degenerated to its current politically irresponsible and morally degenerate condition.
This confusion, I believe, is a result of a lack of understanding among Americans, particularly Christians, of their own history. As Cicero once said, “To be ignorant of what happened before you were bom is to be ever a child.” Even more to the point, the Lord God tells us in His Word, “My people perish for a lack of knowledge. ” Most, if not all, of the problems we face today can be directly traced to events of the past; to be ignorant of, or to misunderstand, the past, is to misunderstand the present. Today, more than ever, it is imperative that we Christian Southerners know who we are as a people and where we are going.
I have been working for the
past several months on rewriting and updating my online book entitled America ’s Caesar which offers a systematic dissection of American history, beginning with the Constitutional Convention of 1787, outlining the historical events of two centuries which have shaped the country in which we now live. You are cordially invited to visit www.datasync.com/crown-rights/caesar. As each chapter picks up where the previous chapter left off, it is recommended that the book be read from start to finish. Of course, I solicit your comments and/or criticisms.
If y’all missed the Save Our Flag rally on the steps of the Mississippi Capitol in Jackson on the 11th of November, we have the event immortalized on video. This two-hour video features stirring speeches by FreeMississippi.org Chairman John Thomas Cripps (“Are You Mad Enough Yet?”) and co-author of The South Was Right, Walter Donald Kennedy (“Shout the Battle Cry of Freedom”). Copies are available for a 12.00 donation plus 2.00 postage.
Work has begun on our quarterly journal, The Runnymeade Report. This is a reference to the Runnymeade river in England, the site where King John Lackland was forced to sign the Magna Charta in 1215. This journal will be published four times a year and will contain scholarly articles on English and American Common Law, early American history, and, of course, the War of 1861. The length is expected to
be about 40 pages; individual issues will be available for a donation of 5.00, and annual subscriptions may be obtained for a donation of 20.00
Our new lending library should be operational in about a week or so. This library will include numerous comb-bound copies of rare and out-of-print books dealing with early American and Confederate history, as well as a wide selection of video documentaries, lectures, and old family-oriented motion pictures. We also plan on adding lectures on cassette tape in the near future. For a listing of available check-out materials and for fees, please follow the “Library” link on our website (URL below). Checkout privileges will be extended only to Sponsors.
The Confederate States Research Centre is located at 155 East Pine Avenue in Wiggins, Mississippi. Please visit our website at www.freemississippi.org/educational or call us at (601) 928-2090 for more information. We are a non-profit educational outreach of Free-Mississippi.org and are supported solely by donations. If you would like to become a Sponsor, please fill out the form posted on our website and mail it in with a cheque or money order. We also accept credit cards through PayPal. Catalogues and subscriptions to this newsletter are free upon request. Deo Vindice!
— Greg Loren Durand CSRC director
Anti-Negro Laws in the Antebellum North
by Greg Loren Durand
In last month’s issue, we examined the race relations in the antebellum South and found the situation to have been generally quite different from what the modem purported histories would have us believe. To say that the prevailing attitude towards the Black man was not as positive in the North as in the South would be a gross understatement. In 1838, Alexis de Tocquevilte of Great Britain wrote of his tour of both North and South in his book Democracy in America and described race relations in this country as follows: “Prejudice of race appears to be stronger in the States that have abolished slavery, than in those where it still exists; and nowhere is it so intolerant as in those States where servitude has never been known.... [The Southern people are] much more tolerant and compassionate.”1
According to another British writer, “free Negroes are treated like lepers” in the North.2 This is easily shown to have been the case. In addition to the restrictions of suffrage and the holding of public office to White males only, which were common to all of the States, several of the Northern States went much further than their Southern brethren to enact laws regulating and even prohibiting the immigration of Blacks and Mulattoes within their borders. In 1804, the Ohio legislature passed a law that required Blacks to produce certificates of their freedom from a Court of Record and executed bonds not to become charges upon the counties in which they settled.3 Her supreme court went so far as to declare in 1831 that “color alone is sufficient to indicate a negro’s inability to testify against a white man.”4 In another case, the same court declared:
It has always been admitted, that our political institutions embrace the white population only. Persons of color were not recognized as having any political existence. They had no agency in our political organizations, and possessed no political rights under it. Two or
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America (London: George Allard, 1838), page 338.
2 # 4
James Spence, article: “The American Republic: Resurrection Through Dissolution,“ Northern British Review, February 1862, page 240.
2
Reference: George W. Williams, History of the Negro Race in America (New York: G.P. Putnam’s Sons, 1885), Volume II, pages 111-119.
4
Calvin v. Carter (1831), 4 Hammonds’ Oreg. Rep. 351.
three of the States form exceptions. The constitutions of fourteen expressly exclude persons of color by a provision similar to our own; and, in the balance of the States, they are excluded on the ground that they were never recognized as a part of the body politic.... Indeed, it is a matter of history, that the very object of introducing the word white into our constitution, by the convention framing that instrument, was to put this question beyond all cavil or doubt, by, in express terms, excluding all persons from the enjoyment of the elective franchise, except persons of pure white blood.
...Hence, we find, so early as 1804, followed up by another act in 1807, statutes discouraging the emigration of blacks into our State, and imposing upon those among us such conditions and restrictions as would induce the vast majority of them to quit the State. Thus, we have denied them all constitutional right to remain even in the State....
This exclusion of persons of color, or, of any degree of colored blood, from all political rights, is not founded upon a mere naked prejudice, but upon natural differences. The two races are placed as wide apart by the hand of nature as white from black, and, to break down the barriers, fixed, as it were, by the Creator himself, in a political and social amalgamation, shocks us, as something unnatural and wrong. It strikes us as a violation of the laws of nature. It would be productive of no good. It would degrade the white, if it could be accomplished, without elevating the black. Indeed, if we gather lessons of wisdom from the history of mankind — walk by the light of our experience, or consult the principles of human nature, we shall be convinced that the two races never can live together upon terms of equality and harmony (emphasis in original).5
Indiana originally enacted an identical restriction as Ohio, but with the adoption of its 1851 constitution, Blacks and Mulattoes were entirely prohibited entry or settlement into the State.6 *
While Blacks were not excluded from Connecticut, her legislature nevertheless enacted a law in 1833 which forbade the establishment within the State of any “school, academy, or literary institution, for the instruction or education
5	Thacher v. Hawk (1842), 11 Stanton’s Oreg. Rep. 384-385.
6	Reference: Williams, Negro Race in America, pages 119-
122.
of colored persons, who are not inhabitants of this State.” This was done because it was feared that making education available to the Negroes would lead “to the great increase of the colored population of the State, and thereby to the injury of the people.”7 In October of that same year, the constitutionality of this law was brought before the Connecticut supreme court for review. Responding to the assertion of the defendant in this case that the law violated Article IV, Section 2 of the United States Constitution — the “Comity Clause” which guaranteed that the rights of a State Citizen would be protected throughout the Union — Chief Justice David Daggett wrote an opinion which was nearly identical to what Taney would deliver over thirty years later:
The persons contemplated in this act are not citizens within the obvious meaning of that section of the Constitution of the United States which I have just read. Let me begin by putting this plain question: Are slaves citizens? At die adoption of the Constitution of the United States, every State was a slave State.... We all know that slavery is recognized in that Constitution; it is the duty of this court to take that Constitution as it is, for we have sworn to support it.... Then slaves were not considered citizens by the framers of the Constitution....
Are free blacks citizens?... To my mind it would be a perversion of terms, and the well known rules of construction, to say that slaves, free blacks, or Indians were citizens, within the meaning of that term as used in die Constitution. God forbid that I should add to the degradation of this race of men; but I am bound, by my duty, to say that they are not citizens (emphasis in original).1
In 1835, a free Black man sued for the right to vote in Pennsylvania. The State supreme court replied:
...[A] free negro or mulatto is not a citizen within the meaning of the Constitution and law of the United States, and of the State of Pennsylvania, and, therefore, is not entitled to the right of suffrage.... But in addition to interpretation from usage, this antecedent legislation declared that no colored race was party to our social compact. Our ancestors settled the province as a community of white men; and the blacks were introduced into it as a race of slaves; whence an unconquerable prejudice of caste, which has come down to our day.... Consistently with this prejudice, is it to be credited that parity of rank would be allowed to such a race?... I have thought fair to treat die question as it stands affected by our own municipal regulations without illustration from those of other States, where the condition of the race has been still less favored. Yet it is proper to say that
Reference: Elbert William R. Ewing, The Legal and Historical Status of the Dred Scott Decision (Wiggins, Mississippi: Crown Rights Book Company, (1909] 2000), page 67.
8 Crandall v. The State (1833), 10 Conn. Rep., 339, 340, 345,
the second section of the fourth article of the Federal Constitution, presents an obstacle to the political freedom of the negro, which seems to be insuperable.9
Anti-Negro legislation began in Illinois only one year after the Territory became a State. On 30 March 1819, an act went into effect which stated that “no black or mulatto person shall be permitted to settle or reside in this State, unless he or she shall first produce a certificate signed by some judge or some clerk of some court of the United States, of his or her actual freedom.” All free Blacks were required by this law to register themselves together with the evidence of their freedom in the county where they intended to reside, and it also prohibited the employment of any Black or Mulatto who had not been so registered. Furthermore, this act prescribed “lashes on his or her bare back” for slaves found “ten miles from the tenement of his or her master” (a maximum of thirty-five lashes), “being on the plantation or in the tenement of another than the master, not being sent on lawful business” (ten lashes), and for the gathering of three or more slaves “for the purpose of dancing or reveling either by day or night” (thirty-nine lashes).10 On 17 January 1829, this act was supplemented by another which declared that any Blacks or Mulattoes found within the State without the necessary registration papers were to be “deemed runaway slaves,” arrested by the Sheriff, and if not claimed, were to be sold “for the best price he can get.”11 Not satisfied with these laws, the Illinois legislature passed yet another act “to prevent the immigration of free negroes into this state” and added that any Black found in violation of this law should be fined and sold into temporary servitude to pay the fine and cost of prosecution.12 The provisions of this statute were finally added to the State constitution in 1862 with these words: “No negro or mulatto shall immigrate or settle in this state after the adoption of the constitution.”13 In 1843, the supreme court of Illinois declared that the purpose of these laws was “to prevent the influx of that most unacceptable population.”14 There is no record that Lincoln ever objected to any of these anti-Negro laws and sentiments which were passed and expressed by his own State, and his own public statements regarding Blacks indicated his support of them.
The following provision was written into the 1857 constitution for Oregon:
No free negro or mulatto not residing in this State at the adoption of this constitution, shall come, reside, or be within this State, or hold any real estate, or make any
9 Hobbs v. Fogg( 1835), 6 Watts, 553, 554.
| Reference: Ewing, Dred Scott Decision, pages 79-80.
11	Reference: Ewing, ibid., page 80.
12	Mll
Reference: Williams, Negro Race in America, page 123.
13	Constitution of Illinois (1862), Article XVIII, Section 1.
14	Eells v. The People (1843), 4 Scammon 513.
contracts, or maintain any suit therein; and the legislative assembly shall provide by penal laws for the removal by public officers of all such negroes and mulat-toes, and for their effectual exclusion from this State, and for the punishment of persons who shall bring them into the State, or employ or harbor them.15
On 9 December 1857, Governor George L. Curry certified that 8,641 Citizens of Oregon had voted in favor of this provision, with only 1,081 opposing it.16
Likewise, when the people of Kansas drafted and ratified a constitution in 1859, they both excluded free Blacks from citizenship and forbade their settlement in the State.17 18 The provision in the Kansas constitution which denied citizenship to the Negro was ratified by an overwhelming majority vote of 2,223 to 453.18 Thus we see that “free soil” in the North really meant “free from Negroes.” This is why the so-called “Underground Railroad” ended, not in the Northern States of the Union, but in Canada. Even the
15 Constitution of Oregon (1857), Article I, Section 35.
1 Reference: General Laws of Oregon, 1845-1864; cited by Ewing, Dred Scott Decision, page 66.
17
Reference: Dr. H. Von Holst, The Constitutional and Political History of the United States (Chicago, Illinois: Callahan and Company, 1889), Volume V, page 168.
18
Reference: Charles R. Little, New Century History of Kansas, page 279; cited by Ewing, Dred Scott Decision, page 66.
Northern Abolitionists did not advocate the social and political equality of Blacks within their own States; they agitated for thirty years for the destruction of slavery, but what to do with four million freedmen they considered to be a Southern problem. In fact, so great was the apprehension in the North of the possibility of a massive immigration of Blacks as a result of emancipation in the South that Abraham Lincoln was compelled to reassure the Northern Congressmen with the following address:
But it is dreaded that the freed people will swarm forth and cover the whole land. Are they not already in the land? Will liberation make them more numerous? Equally distributed among the whites of the whole country, and there would be but one colored to seven whites. Could the one in any way disturb the seven?...
But why should emancipation South send the free people North? People of any color seldom run unless there be something to run from. Heretofore colored people to some extent have fled North from bondage and now perhaps from both bondage and destitution.
But if gradual emancipation and deportation be adopted they will have neither to flee from.... And in any event cannot the North decide for itself whether to receive them?19
Lincoln, 1 December 1862 message to Congress; in James D. Richardson, Messages and Papers of the Presidents (Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, 1897), Volume VIII, pages 3341-3342.
Confederate States Research Centre
c/o U.S. Post Office Box 769 Wiggins, Mississippi C.S.A. [occupation code: 39577]

i * SftWF
“Ol ’Times Here Are Not Forgotten