ISSUE 3 OCTOBER/NOVEMBER 1997 PUBUSHED BI-MONTHLY
POST OFFICE BOX 2273 CLANTON, ALABAMA 35046
THE VOICE OF ALABAMA KLANSMEN"
RACIAL IDENTITY MEETING HELD NEAR PRATTVILLE.
On Saturday, October 18th, representatives from the Confederate White Knights and the Aryan National Front attended a service at the Land of Peace Church, near Prattville, to hear the featured speaker of the week long event, Militant Racial Two-seedline Identity Pastor James P. Wickstrom. Other speakers included Rev. Paul Burnham, Dr.Robert L. Walker, Clifton A. Emahiser, and Jim Floyd, special thanks to William Burchfield, who helped organize this event and our host Pastor Walker. Most of the guests said that they felt at peace at the Land of Peace Church, we believe this will grow to be the biggest and best yearly Racial Identity event in the South. Make your plans now to be there next year.
Dr.Robert L. Walker, Pastor
Land of Peace Church Ministry	f? jr    ______j i	_	_. 1
75icounty road 40 w	Va	man-made	law cannot be
Prattville, al 36067	traced	to a divine source, then
Pastor Paul Burnham	Qn\y s^Qul^ effectiveness
Route 3	J
Nevada, mo 64772	questioned	buty even more, its
Pastor James P. Wickstrom intent should be suspected"
P.O. Box 784 Munising, MI 49862
Clifton A. Emahiser 1012 N. Vine Street Fostoria, OH 44830
.iew image in town once noted for Klan
By Dan Sawall Associated Press writer
STONE MOUNTAIN, Ga. — By the light of a blazing cross, the Ku Klux Klan proclaimed its 20th century rebirth on the granite mountain that gives the town its name. For decades white-hooded Klansmen flocked here for annual gatherings, and Confederate heroes are sculpted into the side of the mountain.
Today, the mayor’s office once held by ap imperial wizard of the Klan is about to be filled by a black man, who also lives in the former KKK leader’s house.
Elected with biracial support, Chuck Burris is more concerned 'about getting new sidewalks and more police than with Stone Mountain’s old image of racial division.
Burris, a city councilman, defeated a six-year incumbent in the ‘Nov. 4 election and will lead a black* majority City Council in January.
The election campaign focused on the need for more sidewalks, drainage, police and economic development, rather than race. But he acknowledges the historic benchmark of a black mayor in the town where Klansmen held that formative assembly in 1915.
Tve lived in the South all my life,” reflected Burris, 46. Tve seen the South change, and I’ve seen it remain the same. My becoming the mayor of Stone Mountain wasn’t so much a question of race — but it still is a step forward.”
He grew up in Louisiana, a son of educators, and said he twice witnessed cross-burnings there, one in his family’s own yard.
He entered Morehouse College as a teenager, early enough to attend
. See Stone Mountain, Page 2A
WHO
heeds
MEGGERS?
From Page 1A
some lectures by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., and later attended law school. He worked as a crime analyst in the administration of Maynard Jackson, Atlanta’s first black mayor, and held other city jobs in the 1970s before helping to start a computer consulting firm.
Morehouse schoolmate John Brown, who owns an Atlanta-area real estate and mortgage company, describes Burris as a racial “trailb-lazer” whose ability and qualifica-l tions attracted a coalition of voters.
“I think it’s of great significance that Chuck was elected by a combination,” Brown said. “It’s synonymous to the type of movement that really speaks well of the South and America.”	r
Stone Mountain has 1,681 white and 1,812 black registered voters, but only 568 people voted in the mayor’s race. Burris got 49 percent of the vote against two other candidates.
White businessman Arthur Bourdon said he supported Burris “for what he wanted to do for this city. I think he’s going to do an outstanding job.”
“What we wanted was the best-qualified candidate, one that will get some things done,” said T.J. Weatherly, a white civic activist and 58-year resident.
Burris and wife Marcia live in a two-story brick home they bought I last year from the family of James I R. Venable, a one-time mayor who died in 1993. Venable, as an imperial wizard of a Klan order, orchestrated annual Labor Day weekend gatherings that brought Klansmen here by the busloads until the 1980s.
Burris recalled that during his first run for City Council, the then-elderly Venable readily let him put up campaign signs in his yard.
“We have had good racial relations here for hiany years,” said Weatherly. “It has not been a racist-type city. That was an image brought about mainly from outside.”
“Stone Mountain had a reputation and history for sure,” said Burris, who has lived here about a decade. “But I never saw any evidence of hatred or that kind of activity.”
However, that history has attracted attention to his election to a $300-a-month part-time job in a city of 6,500, and Burris wants to capitalize on that to promote “the best-kept secret in metro Atlanta.”
He thinks the community of historical sites, quaint shops and restaurants is ready to move from “sleepy little town” with an ominous reputation into a tourism spot t 'ongside the
Sounds like Stone Mountain GA needs a KKK Rally in 98! To welcome in the new nigger mayor.
popular Stone Mountain, acquired for a state park in the 1950s from Venable family members.
“We really have a jewel of a town,” Weatherly said.
Burris said he’s heard no negative reaction to his election. He did receive an unsolicited newsletter the other day from the Sons of Confederate Veterans, part of a long-running debate he’s been involved in about Confederate symbols such as the Rebel battle flag, which many blacks oppose flying on government property.
Burris scoffs when battle flag advocates “question my Southernness,” saying he’s a lifelong Southerner bom of a Southern family.
And as for the giant carving on Stone Mountain that depicts Confederate heroes Robert E. Lee, Stonewall Jackson and Jefferson Davis on horseback, Burris grins and suggests it would be fine if they carved out a fourth horseman — representing him.
“We’ve got much more pressing problems,” Burris said. “I’d rather make sure a little kid on his way to school doesn't get hit by a car.” z
Greetings White Patriot,
Due to cost of new inquiries, relocation of staff, creation of a web page, purchase of new equipment, etc. We find that we must limit the Confederate Klansman, to subscribers, supporters, and those that contribute articles, news clips, activity reports, etc.
If you do not qualify under one of the above mention catagories, we may have to drop you from our mailing list, we hope you have enjoyed the issues you have received and will want to continue receiving the newsletter. You will see many new improvements in the issues to come starting with the next issue, but as we all know, it costs $$$$ to produce a high quality publication and at 12 dollars a year I doubt we will break even. Thanks for you support.
MAY THE CIRCLE OF BROTHERHOOD BE UNBROKEN.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
I’m a senior in high school this year and I’m also a member of the Klan. I attend a small school in Central Alabama. In the seven years at my school I have seen a big problem develop. The problem is not from negroes because they do not attend my school. I’m sure they would be a huge problem, if they did. The real problem here is white negroes called “wiggers”, they are the white people who act as if they are negroes. They talk, and walk like them, they wear their pants down around their ankles, and they listen to vulgar anti-White rap music. I think the problems of wiggers can be traced to the parents, the parents obviously don’t care what kind of music their children are listening too or they would stop them from listening to it. If I had a child and he spoke to me in ebonies, I would smack him. I would do the same thing if I saw his pants at his ankles. Another thing wiggers do is to cut the bottom of their pants leg. The parents must not mind a pair of blue jeans that cost over 50 dollars and watch their children cut them up. All of the wiglets wear the Tommy Hilfiger clothes and the Timberland boots. This outfit has become so wiggerized that I would be embarrassed to wear to wear it, especially considering Tommy Hilfiger
blue jeans cost 70 bucks, in the near future you must dress like that to fit in. I will not dress like that and I will continue wearing my Doc Martens.
Another problem in the making is mexicans over running my school. There are few in the whole school, but I remember four or five years ago there were none at all. The problem is getting bigger because peach farmers are getting more and more mexicans to come here to pick peaches.
There are White people who would work harder than any mexican would and they would not rip off the farmers. For every two baskets picked the farmers only get one because the mexicans steal
from them and resell at 100% profit. I see mexican at the grocery store buying 150-200 dollars worth of meat and of course, paying with food stamps.
Another problem is with most teachers across the country. Most teachers are very liberal, those who are liberal will teach the class in a liberal form. This includes trying to rid everyone of his or her racial identity. By this I mean, my teacher preached a sermon about how Adolf Hitler was wrong (that old time Holocaust Religion). He feels White supremacist groups should be illegal.
He also feels any militia group should be banned. He said the government should put more bills into legislation about gun control. He feels the government should be able to control how must ammunition you have and how many guns you can own. He feels welfare is very good and it must not be stopped. He openly questions the existence of GOD and the truth of the Bible.
When I joined the Klan it surprised me to find out the Klan is not a Hate Group, but a group of White people
who love their own race. Racism is looked upon as a down side of the entire country. What people fail to realize is
that anyone of the minority races, including queers get special privileges. If a negro goes for a job and doesn’t get
it he will cry racism. This is why affirmative action should be done away with. Getting a job should be based on the
qualifications and not the race. If this doesn’t make you a racist then you must not care or you are blind.
*
The problems can be corrected if people will stop being fooled by the news which says America is such a great place. Another solution is to discipline children and the will not become a discipline problem. Immigration must be stopped. If the government can send troops to countries like Bosnia, to defend their borders, then why can’t they put troops on the U.S.- Mexico border? I feel all welfare programs should be done away with. I also feel that teachers should not be so damn liberal. America is headed downhill, especially in the last six years. Finally, I think if White people don’t wake up they will find themselves in the losing end of a race war.
name withheld Chilton County Alabama 88!
I write this article to bring to light the plight of a group of people here on the gulf coast. These people have had their livelihood all but destroyed by the anti-white, jew controlled federal government.. The people that I speak of are the shrimpers and fishermen. A family business, in many cases going back five generations.
At the end of the Vietnam War the gulf coast was flooded with slant eyed, dog eating refugees. These gooks were then given interest free loans and tax free status to help them get started. This coupled with stringent Federal Regulations which are applied disproportionately against our white brothers and sisters, this has effectively led to the domination of the seafood industry by the detestable yellow vermin. “So what?” you say “I’m no fisherman” could your job be next? You know mexicans work cheaper! The affirmative action coon quota must be met. Are you liberal enough to let your children starve? We are not! Stop being part of the problem, become part of the solution. Join the Klan. Before we become strangers in our own land.
	J.F., AKIA
Alabama White Knights	Imperial Klans of America
P.O.Box 1815	P.O. Box 309
Semmes, AL 36575	Powderly, KY 42367
334-645-1070 hotline	www.kkkk.net
Aryan White Knights	KKK items for sale
P.O.Box 122	Catalog $3
Jasper, AL 35502	Daniel Carver P.O.Box 446 Oakwood, GA 30566
Alabama White Knights	The Confederate Klansman
P.O.Box 86	Has a new e mail address:
Little River, AL 36550	alex@scott.net
Subscriptions
1 year, $12 published bi-monthly Sorry for the delay this issue We have been very busy as we have moved to our new HQ
We wish all of our supporters a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
From The Confederate Klansman
