REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish Repubfican PEC 1996-2000
October 13, 2001
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 504-626-7714
Dear 1
As I write in the enclosed Duke Report. America is now at a critical point in history. It is a time when every one of us who knows the truth must help share it with our fellow Americans.
I will be brutally frank and speak this truth out loud. The Jewish supremacist elements in the government and mass media are trying to radically expand the current attack on Afghanistan into a massive, global war.
This war will not protect us from terrorism; it will make certain that-America suffers from more terrorism. It is a war from which only Israel can benefit while America is greatly harmed. In reality, it is a war fought against the American people, not for them. If it proceeds, we will suffer more losses of American lives. And, it will also cost us the loss of countless billions of American tax dollars. It could easily trigger an economic depression.
The war has been touted as a war to protect freedom, but the first very first step taken by the Federal Government was to take away our freedoms and diminish American Constitutional Rights. The second step authorized and funded an American “secret police” force of huge proportions.
Jewish Supremacists and their servants are responsible for all of this. They have blindly led America into supporting 50 years of Israel’s criminal behavior. They have robbed our taxpayer’s of 200 billion dollars in foreign aid. They have even continued our support for Israel after the Jewish state committed terrorist acts against us! Their control of American foreign policy has now cost the lives of 6,000 Americans and a trillion-dollar blow to our economy.
The Jewish Supremacists have also been the architects of America’s new vulnerability.
They led the fight that opened America’s borders to massive non-European immigration. If the demographics of America were still the same as in the 1960’s we would be absolutely secure. We wouldn’t even need metal^etectors in our airports. Potential threats to our security could be easily identified and checked out. That is impossible now that whole sections of American cities look like the populations of foreign lands. The Jewish media has repeatedly told us of the joys and benefits of a multicultural and multiracial America. Tell that to the families of the Americans who are still buried in the rubble of the Twin Towers!
The Jewish Supremacists have worked steadily for the New World Order and for a restriction of the rights and freedoms of the American people. They have led die fight for gun control and for so-called hate laws as first steps to stifle opposition to their rule. And now, they are using this crisis that their own policies created, as a pretext to consolidate their power. We face the greatest threat to the American people in their entire existence, and the source of this dire threat is not from some far off nation, it is right here among us. It is in the offices of CNN and NBC, in the corridors of the Justice and State Departments, in the movie studios of Hollywood, and in the halls of Congress where the Israel Lobby has bribed its way to political supremacy.
I urge you to share the truth contained in this Duke Report with your fellow Americans. I also urge you to financially support my ongoing efforts to awaken the American people. I am encouraged to tell you that our mailboxes and web sites are flooded with inquiries. Americans are asking the question, “why,” and they are not satisfied with the absurd answers provided by the media and George Bush. During my lifetime of activism, I have never seen more interest in our Cause. However, I must inform you that our huge amount of Web traffic, printed literature and postage costs a tremendous sum of money; so I ask for your generous help, so we can continue to awaken our people.
I call on you to reach out to a fellow American and tell him the truth! Never has this call been more urgent than at this moment in history. By nature, many Americans wait to act until it “gets really bad.” Frankly, that time has come; for the heritage and rights of our people; it is now or never!
Sincerely,
PS. A contribution of $500, a $1000 or even a $100 would go a long way toward helping us spread the truth. Of course, any amount would be much appreciated. If you make a personal gift, be sure to indicate it on your check. It is a good time to buy and give my book, Mv Awakening to your friends and co-workers. They should be ready for it now!