Representative
Dr. David Duke
Box 188 MANDEVILLE LA 70471 985-626-7714
REPRESENTATIVE
SERVED 1969-1992 Chairman SlTinrany Parish
Rtpubfcu PEC 19M-2000
December 1,2005
mal
1 !
Dear	^
This Thanksgiving we are doing our best to recover from the effects of hurricane Katrina. It has been a long and difficult process repairing my home and offices. I am indebted to friends and supporters for helping me get everything back into shape. The worst aspect of the hurricane was not the physical damage inflicted but the fact that our central office ground to a halt. Our office had no mail/ electricity or Internet for over a month! The printer who produces the Duke Report was also knocked out. Because the hurricane devastated our regional U.S. Post Office in New Orleans, both sending out and receiving mail has also been intolerably slow. So, during this period the incoming revenue that supports our efforts for our people was drastically reduced. Yet, of course, the mortgages, bills, and other expenses continued remorselessly without any concern for the damage of the hurricane! Such is life. But, if you think that the work I am doing is important, please help us get financially caught up and moving forward again.
Don't let me give you the impression that the storm stopped my work. Nothing could be further from the truth. When the storm hit I was addressing a major gathering of patriotic groups in Sweden. Soon after that I defended my doctoral dissertation at my university in Kiev. The Jewish supremacists are still angry that those who will now read my work will see a "Dr." before or a "PhD" after my name. During this hurricane period, I still did an hour-to-two-hour world-wide live web radio broadcast almost every day. I and my excellent support cadre continued to update what many consider to be the most powerful and convincing Web Site for our heritage and freedom: Davidduke.com and WhiteCivilRights.com. I continued to make speeches, do media interviews, and write dozens of effective articles and commentaries on the critical issues facing our people. You can read them in the Duke Report and more at davidduke.com.
My work must be effective because a day doesn't go by without our traditional enemies condemning the success of my efforts to awaken our people. They are, in fact, getting quite desperate. As you know, Canada already bans and bums my books at the border. Now there is a huge controversy in Canada because our supporters are distributing brochures on the biggest colleges in Canada exposing Jewish supremacism. In Sweden our enemies are threatening to issue a world wide arrest warrant and prosecute me for "hate crimes" for daring to speak against immigration and Jewish supremacism! At the same time they were branding me as a "hate criminal" in world wide media, an African mob during the French riots doused a handicapped White woman with flammable liquid and set her afire. Yet, not one official or major media has called this horrendous act a "hate crime." The Duke Report article on this will wake up your friends!
There is much of interest in this Duke Report. During these holidays please don't forget the work that I and the activists of EURO are doing. Your gifts make my work possible. More than that, your gifts drive it on! And remember that the new DVDs and my books make great Christmas gifts.
For Our Heritage and Ereedom!
EJifeavid Duke — PS Please use the enclosed form and respond quickly, our mail is still quite slow!