David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
Representative
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman SLTammany Parish RapuMcan PEC 1996-2000
4
Personal
1
«
Dear*
I am very excited about the rapidly approaching International European American Conference in New Orleans. Never before have so many leaders from all over the world come together in unity for the common cause of our European heritage and freedom!
will help make it a success. Your support of this conference can help bring the unity that our Movement has needed for decades.
the truth are uniting in a common cause.
Our three day conference is $50 per person or only $75 per couple. When have you ever heard of such an inexpensive 3 day seminar in a top-flight hotel? We make nothing on the rooms, nothing on the banquet meals, and we are putting out thousands of dollars helping many major leaders in our Cause cover some of their expenses in joining us in New Orleans. I am doing this because I believe that unity and cooperation is essential if we are to successfully build a Movement for our people's survival. I need your help in making this historic event a great success.
Last year you helped us produce the wonderful DVD and VHS videos of the 2004 Conference. This year we will have state of the art video equipment and professional videographers. To do the thousands of DVDs will take a large outlay, over $10,000. This has to be provided up front. If you can help us with a donation of $100, $500 or even $1000 now, you will be first on the list to receive the new DVD/VHS videos as soon as they are manufactured.
I am doing all I possibly can for our Cause along with the unselfish leaders appearing at this vital conference. I need your help to make it successful and keep up this crucial work. Please come if possible and if you can't — please help support this historic event and the work of the European American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO). Your gifts enable us to go forward!
Thanks for your continuing support!
I sincerely hope you can join us at this great Conference, but if you can't make it I do hope you
As you know, we are losing the America and Europe of our fathers and mothers and rapidly becoming a Third World society, a society where White people will eventually lose their freedom and even their very existence as a people. The hour is so late, but at last those of us who know
David Duke PS: Donors who give $100 or more will receive the new VHS/DVDs of the 2005 conference!