REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Twnmany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
December 07,2003
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
9
Dear j
From behind federal walls I want to wish you and your loved ones a beautiful Christmas, joyful holidays and a New Year that will find our people closer to victory in the struggle for our heritage and freedom.
Christmas has an even more sentimental meaning for me this year in that my 92-year-old father recently passed away, and the loss was accentuated by the fact that even though I had less than six months left on my sentence, I was not allowed to attend his funeral.
It is amazing to me that some Americans believe that the federal government would never persecute someone for his political beliefs. Being firmly in the jaws of the Gulag, I can't tell you everything that I would wish to, but from the beginning of this federal persecution through my imprisonment, the clear stamp of injustice was present. My prosecution was approved by the Zionist Michael Chertoff less than 30 days after the U.S. government tried to stop my Mideast speeches opposing the Zionist-planned, anti-American war in Iraq.
I returned from teaching and speaking in Europe and accepted a plea agreement because I certainly could not rely on receiving justice from a mostly Black jury in New Orleans. Otherwise, I could have faced imprisonment for the rest of my life and the Zionists would have effectively silenced my voice.
Many friends warned me that the government would never keep their agreements and that they could place me in a prison where my threat to them could be permanently eliminated. Naturally, this was a cause for concern, but government officials repeatedly made it clear that my short sentence would be served in the safer environment of a federal camp rather than a prison, and that I would serve at least six months or more in a half-way house.
As it turned out, I was sent to an over-85 % non-European-American prison that had a reputation for riots and bloody violence. The first two weeks of my imprisonment, I spent in the "hole". Its harsh conditions are generally used as punishment for violent or disobedient inmates.
Since I arrived in April, there have been serious riots and inmate deaths here. One prisoner was even "napalmed" by another who put a mixture of soap and baby oil, heated it in a microwave oven to an ultra-high temperature and then threw the infernal concoction on his sleeping victim's face and torso.
Federal authorities sent me to this prison despite the fact that I had no criminal record and was a short-term, non-violent offender. In my eight months here, I have not met one prisoner who had as short a sentence (almost all other short-term prisoners with no criminal records are in camps, not prisons).
Although at the time of the plea, they had repeatedly assured me that I would serve at least 6 of my 13 months in a half-way house, not only was the 6 months half-way house cancelled, but they recently informed me that unlike almost all other prisoners, I would serve not so much as one day in a half-way house. Even murderers get half-way house time at the end of their sentences.
Their treatment of me behind bars is one more piece of evidence that my persecution has been because of my political beliefs and activism rather than any supposed crime. The "enemy of the state" is afforded less rights than even violent offenders or drug dealers.
The low point for me came only a few short days ago when my father became ill and died. My father was a World War II veteran and former State Department official in Vietnam and Laos. I was unable to learn of his being on his deathbed and then deprived of being at his side in his passing. After learning of his death, even with less than 6 months on my sentence, the feds would not permit me to attend his funeral (as is quite often allowed -automatically at a camp). Losing a father is difficult in a place where you must, by necessity, not show your emotions or your grief, and you are without the presence of consoling loved-ones. If my enemies think they will break me by their unjust treatment, they will find themselves sorely mistaken. I will not be broken, and the evil they have done to me has only increased both my inner strength and determination.
Our enemies are busy taking away every basic freedom in the Western world. A Canadian citizen recentiy ordered copies of Jewish Supremacism. The Canadian government seized them from the mail. He sent us an official government notice that stated my book is "banned in Canada" and thus confiscated! Furthermore, the notice stated that he would be charged a fee for the "storing and burning of his books"! Has not the Jewish-dominated media told us incessantly that one of the great proofs of the evil of Adolf Hitler was that he "burned books"? Recentiy, in Britain, George Bush boasted that there is now free speech in Iraq as in Western nations. One more big lie! How the Zionists must fear my book!
Another clear sign of the loss of our freedom is the removal of Christmas celebrations from our public schools, while alien rituals such as "Kwanzaa" are adopted. Not only do our culture and traditions face relentless assault, our unique expression of life, our people itself, is being driven to dispossession and genocide by massive non-European immigration, catastrophically low birthrates and miscegenation.
While you experience the joy and beauty of our solemn traditions this holiday season, I pray that you will seize the moment to dedicate, as your forefathers did, "your life, your fortune and your sacred honor" to our people's liberation from those who are destroying our heritage and freedom.
It is easy at this time of year to forget about the struggle for freedom that persists with no rest or holiday. I beseech you to take a moment and in your gift-giving to make a generous present to our vital Cause. If our Cause is unsuccessful, not only will our Christmas traditions be sacrificed, but everything of real value will be lost!
As for me, please know that here in the Gulag my heart remains true to the Cause. The old hymn, "Faith of Our Fathers" resonates in my heart "In spite of dungeon, fire and sword. Faith of our Fathers, We will be true to thee till death."
For our Heritage and Freedom! Merry Christmas!
I remain sincerely.
David Duke
PS: The best way to support my efforts is to support the Duke Report and EURO. If you are not a member, please join now, and if you are a member, please remit your dues for 2004 at this time. There is no better Christmas gift for your friends and loved-ones than Jeivish Supremacism. We offer special Christmas prices of 3 for $50 or 7 for $100, post-paid. Your gifts are needed never more than at this time of year! Thank you for your loyalty and dedication! It is knowing that you stand behind me that keeps me strong in this bleak place. I will never forget your friendship and loyalty.