REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
March 22,2004
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 -985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
f
Dear %
The day that we've long awaited has come! David Duke will soon return to our vital struggle for our heritage and freedom! Now is the time for each of us to show him how much we appreciate his sacrifices, courage and incredible efforts for us: not only for his last year in the American gulag, but for his lifetime of dedication.
The only reason David Duke has faced imprisonment was because of his dedication and effectiveness in fighting for us. As you know, he was originally targeted by Eddie Jordan, a Black activist U. S. Attorney. David Duke opposed Jordan for years and won a victory against him by preventing Jordan's New Orleans Human Rights Commission from tearing down the Liberty and other Confederate monuments in New Orleans. Jordan launched an investigation against David Duke and Gov. Foster, hoping to get his pal. Congressman William Jefferson into the governor's seat. But the massive investigation turned up nothing and the matter rested for over three years.
During this period Rep. Duke was anything but quiet; he published Jewish Supremacism in Eastern Europe and spoke relentlessly, exposing the Israeli treachery in the 911 catastrophe and the coming debacle of the Iraq War. He showed how the war was based on the lies of the Zionist fifth columnists, Perle and Wolfowitz.
Finally, in November of 2002, Zionists in the U. S. State Department attempted to stop his speaking out on major media. (Newsweek magazine admits this.) Within thirty days of his appearance on A1 Jazeera before an audience of millions, Michael Chertoff ordered Rep. Duke's prosecution. Chertoff is the same Zionist official who freed the Israeli spy ring the celebrated the 911 attacks!
Although Rep. Duke was promised the much safer facility of a federal camp in a plea agreement and a six-month stay in a halfway house, he was sent to a 90% non-White prison, known for riots, mutilations and killings. In fact, while he was there, three riots occurred, along with some disfigurements and violent deaths. There was even a case of a Black inmate concocting a mixture of boiling oil and soap and throwing the napalm-like substance on the face and torso of a sleeping prisoner.
Yet, through it all, David Duke has persevered and will emerge from the gulag not broken, but stronger and more resolute than ever. He should be an inspiration to all of us! And now, at last, he is coming home. In May, he will be free again to travel the U. S. waking up our people as on one else can!
Leaders and scholars from across the nation and the Western World will assemble to welcome him and take the occasion to chart a course for the liberation of our people. 1 call on you to help us
make sure that he has a homecoming that will show him how much we appreciate his sacrifices for all of us!
Foremost among the leaders and scholars speaking will be Willis Carto of Liberty Lobby and the American Free Press and Dr. Edward R. Fields of The Truth at Last newspaper, both sponsors of the Conference and Mike Piper, well-known author and AFP journalist, the famed attorney Sam Dickson, the pioneer Internet innovator Don Black of Stormfront, Ingrid Rimland, speaking on behalf of her persecuted truth-teller husband Ernst Zuendel, human rights activist Paul Fromm of Canada and the leading figures of British national unity, John Tyndall and Nick Griffin of BNP fame. Udo Voigt of the NPD has been invited and expressed interest, and other leaders in Europe have also expressed their interest. National Alliance leaders Erich Gliebe and Shawn Walker have indicated they will be in attendance and the eloquent voice of the American Dissident Voices, Kevin Strom, will not want to be absent.
David Duke and the other speakers will focus on the struggle ahead and the means by which we can win the greatest and most severe challenge ever to confront Western Man.
Enclosed is the latest Duke Report. It has an excellent “fantasy” interview of Mel Gibson and Diane Sawyer. Because of the intemperate Jewish opposition to Gibson’s Passion, millions of people are daring to discuss the role of the corrupt, Jewish establishment responsible for Christ’s crucifixion. Many of them are now making a connection to the same evil, Jewish establishment that leads our people to slavery and genocide. This can be one of the most powerful Duke Reports ever.
Please join with me and others from around the world in welcoming David Duke back from the gulag. Come and attend our European-American Unity Conference in New Orleans on May 29th and 30th. Hotel rooms will be available for the low price of $49 and Conference tickets are only $35 for the whole weekend, plus $35 for a lavish banquet of New Orleans seafood and the eagerly awaited keynote speech of David Duke. This is one event you don’t want to miss!
Please let me know right away if you will attend. Even if you can’t come, let me know, so we can make proper arrangements for our facilities. And, coming, or not, please contribute generously so we can have a successful conference and have the funds not only for our day-to-day expenses, but to provide the funding to launch David Duke on a major nationwide speaking tour soon after his release!
and our Sacred Heritage and Freedoms!
PS: Please be sure to return the enclosed form right away, even if you can’t attend - to aid our planning. Let’s give David Duke the welcome home that he deserves! Thanks!