European-American Unity and Rights Organization
Activity Report June-July 2002
Post Office Box 188, Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714 Office 985-624-3351 Fax www.whitecivilrights.comwww.davidduke.comwww.davidduke.net
WE DID IT! S625 Hate Crime Bill Killed in the Senate.
Just two years ago, the US Senate passed a new federal hate crime bill that would make "hurtful words" and “verbal intimidation" a federal hate crime. This ADL-authored bill titled “The Local Law Enforcement Act of 2000,” also known as S625, was set for an easy passage in the US House when EURO brought national attention to the murder of Jesse Dirkhising, a 13-year-old boy from Rogers, Arkansas, who was sexually tortured to death by two homosexuals. The story soon received national headlines and gave Republicans the reason they needed to oppose S625. The measure was killed and we won a major victory.
Last year, a new version of the bill was introduced again by Sen. Ted Kennedy and
Sen. Ted Kennedy sponsored S625
was renamed “The Local Law Enforcement Act of 2001." This new bill sat in committee until 3 months ago when Democratic Senators pushed for a quick vote without debate.
In January 2002, EURO launched a major effort to educate the public about the dangers of S625 and dedicated our websites to the task of teaching our members and supporters how to effectively lobby against this bill.
On June 11th, your hard work paid off when Republican members of the US Senate voted against a quick vote. This effectively killed S625, as debate on this measure would have certainly led to an exposure of the real effects this bill would have had on freedom of speech.
Remember, just two short years ago this measure sailed through the Senate. Sources have told us that their change of heart was
due to your letter writing. Republican Senators were receiving well-written letters and were able to show that they had an educated constituency opposed to this bill.
Senator Gordon Smith R-OR, has vowed to re-enter S625 as part of a spending bill this fall, but for now, S625 has suffered a major defeat.
EURO holds rally in support of Southern heritage
EURO held a press conference on Saturday, July 13, 2002, to support the Harrison County Board of Supervisors decision to keep the Confederate flag as part of their Eight Flags display.
EURO National Director Vincent Breeding, Mississippi 3rd Congressional District candidate and new EURO member Jim Giles (learn more at rebelarmy.com or call 601-214-6485), Mississippi EURO Rep. Ken Overstreet and Louisiana EURO Rep. Corey Ortis and Roy Armstrong met with flag supporters and the media to vow to counter the NAACP’s attempt to destroy Southern heritage in Mississippi.
EURO plans to hold a "Celebration of Southern Cultural Heritage” at the Eight Flags display on the Biloxi-Gulfport beach in Mississippi on July 20. This event will be an opportunity for people across the Gulf Coast to welcome back the Eight Flags display and celebrate their unique cultural heritage.
New EURO office in Alabama
EURO member Billy Kuykendell has opened a EURO office in Cullman County, Alabama. Billy is currently running a recruitment drive that includes placing ads in local newspapers and offering EURO videos to anyone who is interested in learning more about hate crime laws and
European-American civil rights activism. You can reach the Cullman County EURO office at 256-287-1525.
Does the Justice Department ignore racially motivated crimes against Whites?
EURO Public Relations Director Kenny Knight recently contacted Louisiana Congressman David Vitter and asked his office launch an inquiry into complains of bias against Whites by the US Department of Justice Civil Rights Division, after the FBI did not aggressively follow-up on the beating of a White man by a Black gang in Algiers, Louisiana, on Feb. 12,2002.
Kenny’s office received an immediate response from Rep. Vitter’s office, stating that they would contact the DOJ. Rep. Vitter’s office received a generic form letter back from the US DOJ stating that if they find a prosecutable violation, they would take “appropriate action." Evidently, that means the DOJ will do nothing.
Rep. David Vitter is solidly against hate crime laws and illegal immigration and will be running for re-election this fall.
Other EURO news
EURO member Ken Quarterman will receive the Republican nomination for the race in the Georgia State Senate. Ken wants to force a referendum on the Georgia State flag. You can contact Ken at 404-371-1641.
Ed Bicker of Cleveland, Ohio, held his second official EURO meeting. He plans to hold more meetings this summer.
Dr. Joseph Keller distributed 600 packets of EURO material in Troy, MO by banding them together and throwing them on lawns.
Mike Weaver of Columbus, Georgia, distributed over 500 pieces on cars in public areas.
Roy Armstrong of Mandeville, Louisiana, received a summons from the city police for puting literature on private cars on private property. It seems that Mandeville has an ordinance against the First Amendment. Roy plans to fight and get the ordinence repealed.