REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
June 24, 2004
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
Dear
It is good to be back home and already in the thick of the fight! Thank you so much for your unwavering support. I promise you that I will never give up in the struggle for our heritage and freedom. We have such a daunting task before us. Never before in the magnificent history of our people have we faced such a catastrophe. No one can deny the obvious any longer -- our heritage is rapidly being wiped off the face of the earth.
I have written about how the authorities in New Orleans and other major cities are removing George Washington’s and Thomas Jefferson’s names from many schools. I have commented about the Super Bowl halftime show and its sick promotion of gangster rap foisted on our children. However, it is not the sick, animal-like, genital-clutching gangster rappers who truly threaten us, it is more the Jewish supremacists in the media who have pushed this garbage upon us. And they have a lot more planned than simply destroying our culture.
White birthrates around the world are now only 1.25 per couple. At that rate it will take only five generations to decimate us to less than 10 percent of our present numbers! In addition, a massive Third World immigration invasion continues to pour into White nations. These evils will destroy more than our cultural heritage and economic viability. They will wipe out our very people itself!
When George Bush promotes amnesty for illegal aliens he betrays our most basic and vital interests. Indeed, the American government and media have an anti-European-American agenda. We can see that clearly in the insane Iraq War and occupation that has hurt rather than helped America. Thousands of our brave young soldiers have been killed and maimed, it has cost hundreds of billions of dollars, and it has only made the terrorist threat worse.
From the beginning it was a war for Israel and not America. The same Jewish-supremacist media and government elite who created this war have also been the driving force in the destruction of our heritage. For instance, the Super Bowl halftime show was a production of Jewish media mogul, Sumner Redstone (Murray Rothstein).
These things we know, but millions of people from Florida to California, from Russia to Australia ask, “What can we do about it?” We have to show them the way, and our people are waking up to truth all over the world. Unfortunately, the pro-White Movement has been racked by division and infighting. Many have asked why we can’t unite for our common cause and against our common enemy.
I am happy to tell you that we made the first great steps toward that goal over this past Memorial Day weekend. As many leaders from America and other nations came together to welcome me home, I saw an opportunity to forge a new era of cooperation between different leaders and groups. The result was the International European American Unity and Leadership Conference, an inspirational event that has already reached hundreds of thousands of people via the Internet. You can actually hear the speeches (audio only) on my davidduke.com website. We now offer three volumes of the conference highlights, as well as my own keynote address, on DVD and VHS. Eventually all the remarkable speeches will be offered. You will not want to miss a single one.
Enclosed is the current David Duke Report which I have now expanded to a new 8-page, glossy format. I hope it will inspire you as the conference did all of us who attended. We are moving forward now that I am back. I hope you will give us the financial support and activism we need to wake up our kinsmen. The time is late.
Yours for Our Heritage and Freedom!
DajiifrDuke
PS At the present time I am refurbishing our website, restarting my Internet radio program, working on my new book, increasing the size and reach of our newsletter, and speaking out every day for our principles. Your support makes all this possible. Please take a moment now to give us the means to fight effectively!