Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
November 05,2003
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1969-1992
Chairman SI Tammany Parish RepuMcan PEC 1996-2000
Dearf”'"’	»
It gives me no satisfaction to state, "I told you so." As you know, long before this crazy, anti-American war for Israel against Iraq, I was the only well-known public figure to boldly say that we were being manipulated into war by the Jewish neo-cons, and that it would harm the vital interests of the United States. Now, that fact is becoming obvious to just about every American who can think.
The latest casualty figures show that over 6,000 American young men have been wounded in Iraq. Many of them have suffered disfiguring bums, amputations, blindness and even emasculation. We were told that the war was to protect Americans from terrorism. Yet, imagine if 6,000 Americans were grievously wounded in a single attack: would it not be said that a horrible and tragic event had been inflicted upon us?
It angers me to think that these terrible losses have not made America safer, but more at risk. The Zionist-orchestrated war on Iraq has dramatically increased hatred against America and fueled terrorism. And, the cost has not only been the blood of our brave young men spilled on the sands of Iraq, it has cost over 100 billion dollars and Bush just added 87 billion dollars more. This is an ungodly amount of money from the American middle class, which already suffers under crushing taxes and debt.
Not only did George Bush know that the allegations of the Zionist neo-cons were lies, so did the media — but, who controls the media? - its CEO's look like a meeting of the Israeli cabinet. The only reason that some in the media are bringing up Bush's naked duplicity is to make sure that he supports Sharon in the Middle East peace talks. With Bush's poll numbers plummeting, he knows that he is even more dependent on the Jewish power structure for re-election. He is like a corrupt diplomat enticed to give information to the enemy, and then threatened with exposure unless he continues to play along. Notice that all of the criticism in the media has been directed against him, but almost none against the Jewish supremacist ideologues such as Perle and Wolfowitz who conceived this war in the first place and no criticism of the Jewish-dominated media that promoted it like cheerleaders at a football game.
In addition to all this madness in Iraq, Bush recently announced that he plans to send 15 billion of your tax dollars to fight AIDS in Africa! With millions of working Americans not even able to afford medical insurance, this alien, insane government is going to send $15,000,000,000.oo of our tax money to Africa!! Are you angry yet, or just perplexed?
It is because I dare to say things such as in this letter, that I am now in the federal Gulag, but someone had better speak up about the evil government that rules over us and leads us to destruction. My new book, Jewish Supremacism, continues to enlighten people all over the world.
including the Malaysian Prime Minister! My website, davidduke.com, reaches more people every day, and thanks to you, my influence is growing exponentially.
With thousands of young Americans grievously wounded in this insane war, I would be ashamed to complain about the hardships or dangers I face in this Gulag. Please be assured that I am diligently studying, researching and writing while I am here. Almost every waking moment, our Cause is on my mind, and I am hard at work on my next book, which is about sparking idealism and courage in our people, and laying out my plan to win back our heritage and freedoms.
My staff is doing a heroic job of keeping things together while I am behind federal barbed wire. As always, funds are short, but the work accomplished in relation to the amount of financial support we receive is amazing. I hope that you can generously help this vital effort we are making with the Duke Report and EURO. Please join EURO or renew your EURO membership now and make a significant donation to the Duke Report. It is your support that enables my work and words to reach America and the world. A contribution of $25, $50, $100, $500 or even $1000 or more would enable our Cause to make a far bigger impact. It can make the difference between victory and defeat!
Staying strong inside the American Gulag,
I remain sincerely.
PS: Please include this addressed letter with your contribution or EURO membership renewal; it helps keep our records updated. With your response you will receive a fantastic book review of Jewish Suprematism by Professor Edgar Johnston. This review is the perfect, inexpensive way you can reach and interest many potential readers. Thanks again for your loyalty and dedication! I am staying strong in the face of intolerable prison conditions and will soon be in the thick of things again.