Representative
David Duke
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
February 22,2004
I
Meet me in New Orleans!!!
Dea
On the 16th of May 2004,1 will finally be released from the American gulag!
I urge you to meet with me two weeks later, on Saturday, May 29th. Activists and leaders from America and around the world will come to New Orleans for a weekend European-American Unity and Leadership Conference. Speakers will include many dynamic leaders, activists and scholars who have dedicated themselves to our European-American rights and heritage, anti-Zionism and revisionism.
Also, I would be honored if you would attend a "welcome home" banquet for me arranged by my dedicated Louisiana supporters. In my address at the banquet, I will outline a concrete plan for winning back of our people's heritage and freedom.
As you know, I am the only openly pro-European and anti-Zionist political candidate in recent times who twice won over 60% of the White American vote in major elections. In Louisiana, I received far more votes than Patrick Buchanan did in the entire nation. Because of that record and my almost 40 years of experience for our Cause, I believe that I can offer powerful proposals on how we can together build a Movement that will redeem European mankind from the catastrophe that looms before us.
During the past year in the gulag, I focused much of my time and study on the methods needed to awaken and inspire our people. On the weekend of May 29-30,1 will reveal them to you.
The political persecution I have endured and the harsh conditions I have suffered have not broken or defeated me. I will emerge from behind federal walls and razor wire more resolute and even more defiant of the Zionist power in government and media.
As shown by the Duke Report, I have even continued my efforts to awaken America and the world to the Zionist threat. They imprisoned my body but not my mind, heart or soul. My will and my voice continue!
While imprisoned. I've been deluged with wonderful letters of support from all over the world. I've been pleasantly surprised to hear from so many prominent individuals, whose names you would recognize and respect. Few are yet willing to come out openly against Jewish supremacism, but I can tell you that there is a vast undercurrent of enlightenment that is gaining momentum.
I am also proud to report to you that support for my work has grown significantly during this year of confinement. Our mailing list has grown and the intensity of support has increased. My latest articles have been reprinted in magazines and newspapers in dozens of countries, and many mainstream publications recognize that my federal persecution came because I dared to oppose the
Zionist-orchestrated Iraq War and the pernicious Zionist influence in media and government. Thousands of internet sites all over the world are now sending my words and even my voice to millions.
Knowing that my life and work are helping to awaken our people cheers my heart in the bleak, uncivilized, alien environment of the American gulag. While I am still in the jaws of the beast, I am restricted from saying all that I would like.
Of course, I have not been silent on the critical issues facing our race and nation. In the current, enclosed Duke Report, I show how the same forces which engaged us in the destructive, anti-American, pro-Israel Iraq War have also set America's disastrous immigration policy. I prove how the Jewish supremacist elite who dominate America don't even themselves believe in the multi-culturalist propaganda with which they constantly saturate America. The same media that tells us that massive immigration and integration is good for America tell us that it is "disastrous" for Israel! The same Jewish establishment that ardently opposes intermarriage for Jews, strongly supports it for European-Americans and other races. I quote major news stories which matter-of-factly state that a non-Jewish majority in Israel would be a "disaster" for Israel. It that is so, then why is a non-White majority not a disaster for America?
The European-American Unity and Leadership Conference will be one of the most historic and important meetings of your lifetime. I am anxiously looking forward to seeing you and planning with you the awakening and liberation of our People!
Please respond to this letter as quickly as you can and register for the conference so we can determine its facility requirements. There will be many costs for us in hosting the conference, and we have set a modest registration fee of $35 ($100 family rate and a $50 husband/wife rate) and an additional $35 will be required for each person attending the full banquet on Saturday, May 29th. Special hotel arrangements with very inexpensive rates will be available for those who wish to stay at the conference hotel itself.
I am very thankful for your continued loyalty, support and your dedication to our vital Cause! You have more than helped me to endure my imprisonment - you have inspired me.
Please do your utmost to attend. If circumstances prevent you from joining us at this event, please contribute to the conference fund and our ongoing work. We are doing our part, do yours!
I am enthusiastically looking forward to seeing you on May 29th!!!
Yours for Our Heritage and Freedoms!
David Duke
PS: Even if you can't attend, please let me know with the enclosed form, so we can have an accurate estimate of our conference set-up needs. Do not forget that our usual, routine activities must also be funded to enable us to forge ahead in the coming months of 2004!!