REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1969-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish RepuMcan PEC 1996-2000
July 9,2003
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
Dear'
Greetings from the Federal gulag! Thank you for standing by me through this difficult ordeal. With each passing day, I learn who my real friends are, and I am very thankful for you. I do have some news for you.
Jewish Supremacism has already made an incredible impact across America and the world. Even from this bleak place, it gives me great joy to know that my years of labor in writing this book are now changing viewpoints and even lives! I have heard from a number of well-known personalities who have quietly thanked me for the book, and patriots in many nations clamor to translate and publish it in their own languages.
A high-ranking diplomat (whose name I can't divulge) recently sent me a note that read in part, "A friend sent me your book. At first, I was skeptical because of the media characterization of you, but I found your book the most interesting and certainly the most important book I have ever read.
It clarified years of my own experiences and observations. You have brilliantly connected the dots and clarified the most important issue facing 21st Century mankind. I have already begun circulating it among important non-Zionist officials of a number of nations. Almost everyone, after reading it, responds to your powerful message as I have... may God protect you in the hell that Mr. Chertoff has arranged for you. By the way, Chertoff in the Russian language means "Devil". Just a momentary gaze upon his visage confirms the stark truth in his name..."
It is important to get this book into the hands of influential people who will influence many others. I encourage you to send the book to people you admire in arts, politics, entertainment, business, science and religion. The best way to do that (if you don't know them personally) is to send it from David Duke, former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. My notoriety will more than likely get the book through to the person you are trying to reach, rather than if it comes from an anonymous or unknown source.
Jewish Supremacism won't be reviewed in the New York Times or Washington Post. It won't be discussed on the Today Show, but with the Internet and person-to-person promotion, it can reach many millions. Over 400,000 copies have already been distributed in various Eastern European nations, and now the potential of the English edition is vast!
But without any major media, its success depends solely on you! I hope you find a way to distribute many cases of the book, and we have made a special discounted CASE-PRICE to help you to do just that. Many who cannot afford to distribute the book for free are buying a few cases and then selling the book, and in turn, buying more cases. Once your friends read it, you can be sure they will also want to recommend and distribute it to their friends.
In the enclosed Duke Report, I write about two vital issues. First, I comment on the wholly expected Supreme Court ruling against the constitutional rights of European Americans. Massive anti-White racial discrimination is officially now the Law of the Land. In the long run, though, this draconian decision will help awaken millions of our brethren, not simply about the destruction of our civil rights, but also about the looming genocide against our people by a government committed to dispossessing us in the same way that the Palestinian people lost their land. I also reviewed a new book on the Jewish-Bolshevik Gulag and its ramifications for understanding both history and the dark future awaiting us in the Jewish supremacist tyranny ahead.
I miss you all terribly, but I am staying strong and keeping the Faith. For those who respect and care for me, the best way you can express that to me is by you activism and unselfish support for our sacred Cause. With my absence, our office staff is under enormous pressure and a difficult financial burden. Your support enables their work as well as getting my message out there to reach many more people with every passing day.
Let's drive on harder than ever to save our people from the evils of Jewish supremacism!
Sincerely,
From Duke Report Managing Editor Roy Armstrong: We are keeping things together while David Duke is in federal hands, but we need your continued generous support to pay the bills and keep our message reaching more people. Your contribution of $ 100,200,500, or 1000 can give us that necessary boost forward. Any amount you can give is very appreciated -but please let us hear from you today. Please return this letter with your contribution so as to help us with record keeping. Thanks — Roy