Representative
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1969-1992
Dr. David Duke
Box 188 MANDEVILLE LA 70471 985-626-7714
Elected Chairmen StTammany Parish Republican Patty 1996-2000
April 2,2008
Dear#
My Awakening and Jewish Supremacism continue to impact America and the world. Please continue to order and distribute these two vital books. A supporter wrote to me who has tried to convert his mother to his views on race for more than twenty years. His media-brainwashed mom, Margaret, thought that her son's views were racist and therefore unchristian, if not hateful.
For her recent birthday, he gave her a copy of Mv Awakening with a bouquet of flowers.
In two weeks, his mother became so passionate about our Cause that she ordered a case so she could give a copy to all her close relatives and friends! She even wrote me a letter that said, "I just wish that Jimmy would have given me the book years ago, but no matter Dr. Duke, now I will make up
like Margaret and people like you can change the world! They just have to take action!
The last Duke Report titled, "Death of a White Girl," brought a huge response. The new issue is a great follow up. It reveals the shocking fact that Justice Department figures show that 37,460 White women were raped by Black males in 2005. In that same year less than ten Black women were raped
Also in this issue you will read about how Obama is really nothing more than an "affirmative
universities, written and published a dozen important articles. Your gifts make my work possible and as always, unlike groups like the ADL and SPLC, we have no wealthy, Jewish contributors! It is a constant struggle to get our message out. We solely depend on your generosity and commitment.
t... and hope that you remember us today!
help our efforts greatly. Mr. Andrews, I appreciate
anything you can do to help —
Curiosity led her to read the book and in a few days his mother called him with excitement about it.
for lost time." Since that time she has, by her count, joined 36 Internet chat rooms where she makes daily posts, and already her efforts have led 14 new people to buy and read Mv Awakening. People
by White males! How can the media get away with constantly talking about "White " historical discrimination and violence against Black people, when more White women are raped in one year than all the Black men and women attacked or killed by Whites in the last 150 years?
The article also features details of the horrific murders by Black males of two young university co-eds, including the murder of the UNC Student Body President, Eve Carson.
action" Presidential candidate. I share with you a letter I sent to Keith Olbermann on MSNBC showing how Barack Muhammed Hussein Obama is in the position he is in entirely because of his race. And I show why Obama would make a worthy President for the Congo, but not for America!
Over the past month I have done about two dozen media interviews, given 5 lectures at major