REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
October 22,2004
I	■
Dealt
Abe Fbxmaii of the ADL and Mark Potok of the SPLC have launched vicious new attacks on me and the New Orleans Protocol.
They were hoping that my imprisonment would either cause my death or at least intimidate me from continuing my work for our people. Instead, it has only made me more determined to win this fight ahead for our heritage and freedom.
I see three key elements necessary for our eventual victory. 1) Leading organizations must work together as much as possible for our common goals—and fratricidal infighting must cease. 2) Our Movement must reflect die highest standards of our heritage and present our case in a positive way that bears no resemblance to the hateful image created by the Hollywood-NY Jewish media. And, 3) Our organizations must maintain a zero tolerance of violence, as violence is the surest way to destroy our vital work!
In what the SPLC itself calls an historic, unprecedented meeting, many of the leading voices of our Movement met in New Orleans to endorse these principles in what we call the New Orleans Protocol. Of course, NOP is exactly what our enemies don't want. They consistently try to divide us, to smear us as "haters" and to have their agents promote violence as a sure way to destroy our Movement
So now the SPLC has launched an all out attack on me and the New Orleans Protocol, and I need your help more than ever to both defend us from those attacks and move forward on the principles of die Protocol.
I think you will agree that the new Duke Report is a powerful response to the SPLC attack. In it I show how the SPLC special report on the Protocol misrepresents me and die principles we stand for. In effect, they attack us for opposing violence and hateful rhetoric. They call it "mainstreaming hate!" As the Duke Report shows, it is they who support true racial supremacism in supporting the agenda of Jewish supremacism and International Zionism. I also give a quick rundown of the 2004 Presidential election, truly an election from hell!
Each Sunday afternoon at 2 pm Eastern Time I host a live internet forum at www.stormfront.org. This Duke Report can be found in a spoken format on my website, www.davidduke.com. Be sure to have your friends listen! In addition to all this I am still working very hard on two books, 1) the long-waited For Love of Mv People and 2) a book about the federal prison system that I will tide American Gulag.
I apologize for the Conference DVDs. I made a decision to make them with the highest professional standards and that caused the lengthy delay. We are finally ready to ship the DVDs that we all have been anxiously awaiting. They are fantastic! Be sure to order some sets for yourself and your friends.
Everything we are doing, the Duke Report, my growing Internet presence, and my speaking around America and the world, need your financial help. Your gifts are very much needed right now! Please fill out the return form and get it back to me as soon as possible. Thank you! I remain...
David Duke
PS Please fill out and send me the return form as quickly as possible. Many projects await your support!