REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chainnan StTammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville. LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
December 10,2004
Personal
t
Merry Christmas! I wish You and Yours the brightest, whitest, most beautiful and meaningful Christmas! Enclosed is a Christmas card that I hope you will enjoy. In it is a poem I wrote a few years ago about some of the impressions of Christmas upon me and my family. There is no event that better represents European folkways and Christian traditions than Christmas. It is truly the White Holiday in far more than just the color of snow! You know I would be pilloried in the press for celebrating a "White" Christmas, but if s the same press that promotes Black Kwanzaa and Jewish Hanukkah.
Our enemies are intent on tearing down every tradition of our people, everything that gives our people a sense of history, unity and heritage. We can't sing Christmas carols anymore in school, and when our kids have a break, it isn't the "Christmas holidays" anymore, its winter break. Manger scenes and Christian crosses have been long banned at the White House, but right now you will find a Menorah.
The Menorah is the symbol of the victory of the Jews over the Syrian Greeks. It is a symbol of Jewish segregation and resistance to assimilation. Do you get it? We can't have a Christian celebration of the birth of Jesus and "goodwill to all men" but we must have one to celebrate a Jewish military victory, a victory that symbolizes Jewish supremacy and apartness from the rest of humanity. Does it make any sense? No, but what does make sense in this alien, media-driven. Kosher culture we now live in?
And, it is not just Christian traditions that the ADL wants to eradicate. In their guide to teachers and parents called the "Christmas Dilemma," the ADL tells Jews not to tolerate traditional Christmas symbols that hurt "diversity." The ADL says, "First, it is important to note that while Christmas trees, Santas, wreaths, wrapped gifts, and reindeer are commonly used... Nevertheless, their inordinate usage is inappropriate... Suggest alternative winter decorations... that may be more inclusive."
Oh no we must not have Christmas trees, Santas, wreaths and reindeer. The Jewish supremacists don't like them. Those old European symbols aren't part of the Jewish agenda they want our children to listen to and watch. They want our kids hip-hopping to Sumner Redstone's MTV promotion of gangster rappers grabbing their genitals as in the last Super Bowl halftime show!
This Christmas is especially poignant when I think of die fact that so many of America's sons are in God-forsaken Iraq losing their sight or their legs or their life for quote "Iraqi Freedom" while our own freedoms are lost back home. These fine men are maimed fighting to secure Iraq's borders, while America's borders are being overrun. I say ENOUGH! It is our own borders we must now defend!
I hope you have a joyous Christmas with your loved ones, but please remember that our work goes on each and every day and how important our work is for them. I would be very thankful if you would remember us this Christmas.
Merry Christmas! And-mqy the New Year bring us closer to victory!
• 7"n.	\r)	r
David Duke