REPRESENTATIVE
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
SERVED 1989-1992 Chatman SiTammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
August 7,2004
1 ■
Thank you so much for your support of my vital work. I think this issue of the Duke Report is one of the hardest-hitting reports I have ever produced. Unfortunately, it is not read by nearly enough people. We must get this and future editions in the hands of many more of our people.
I am asking you to do your best to help promote the Duke Report to your friends and family. Right now, because you are current subscriber, I want to offer you something very special — three gift subscriptions for your friends for only $50, thafs less than half of our normal subscription cost.
Just fill out the form on our catalogue page and we will start sending the Duke Report to three of your friends. Because it takes more than the subscription price to cover all expenses, please give us the names only of those those people you think are good prospects to support our cause. I have included a form for your convenience. If you get it to me right away, I will start their subscription with this powerful current issue. And, by the way, if you'd like to renew (or extend) your own subscription you can do so now at only $50 for three years, thafs an exceptionally low price!
I am working hard to improve the David Duke Report with each issue. You have probably noticed that we have gone from a 4 page to an 8 page format, and have improved the print and paper quality.
The biggest expense of all though is the mailing and postage costs. We need your support to continue to mail the Duke Report to you and to so many others who need to hear its vital message
I think you will agree that the new Duke Report is one the most powerful that I have ever written. It shows the relationship between our freedom and the preservation of our precious heritage. I need your help in stopping our enemies from burning my books! They are very afraid of the truth, and they very well should be, for I believe that our people will soon rise up in defense of our heritage and freedom!
I am reaching many more people with our message every day. Recently, I was on a major radio program broadcast in Dublin debating immigration with member of the Irish Parliament Each Sunday evening at 9 pm Central Time I host a live internet forum at www.stormfront.org. This Duke Report can be found in a spoken format on my website, www.davidduke.com. Be sure to have your friends listen! In addition to all this I am working very hard on two books, 1) the long-waited For Love of Mv People and 2) a book about federal prison system that I will title American Gulag.
I am working as hard as I can, but please remember it is your financial support that makes my work have a far greater impact. Your contributions are very much needed right now! Thank you! I remain...
Yours for Our Heritage and Freedom!
Dt	^
P^STTlease remember — only to send gift subsriptions to those you think are potential supporters of our cause. Also — The DVD/VHS sets of our recent conference are now in stock, you will love them! ■