REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
December 31,2003
f
9
Dear M
You have my heartfelt gratitude for your solidarity and support during this very difficult period. You made an otherwise bleak Christmas in the American Gulag -especially meaningful to me. Thanks also for the condolences from those who were aware of my father's recent death.
The strident conditions here, the lack of one's loved ones and the alien demographics can make Christmas a pretty bleak and depressing time. It is strange to realize that I am in an American prison where English is not the prevalent language.
I did, though, have some excellent moments in December. My youngest daughter, Kristin, who studied under Professor Glayde Whitney at Florida State University, graduated with honors. Just as I was not allowed to attend my father's funeral, I could not attend her graduation. Still, her achievement was a source of satisfaction and joy for me.
I did not, however, whoop for joy when Saddam was captured, not because I have any respect for the tyrant, but because this whole war and his capture are not worth the life of a single young American fighting man. Nor is putting this man on humiliating display worth the over 9,000 casualties of U.S. troops. The media has been downplaying it, but on November 16, UPI reported that troops evacuated from Iraq due to injury or illnesses have passed 9,000. Many of our men and women have suffered loss of limbs, terrible bums and disfigurement, crippling injuries, even emasculation. Seeing Saddam humiliated does not lesson the agony and loss of those injured or killed, nor do I think that his humiliation and punishment are worth the expenditure of over 200 billion dollars of our tax money.
More importantly, this war is not worth the enormous hatred that we have generated against America and the thousands of American lives it will cost in the future, both military and civilian.
Far from making us safer, this war will do enormous harm to America and Americans. From the beginning, it wasn't a war fought for America and our interests. It was a war created by Wolfowitz, Perle, Feith, Wurmser, Kristol and ten thousand other traitors in government, media, and finance, who put the interests of Israel over that of the United States.
Although it is too late to include in this Duke Report, the Associated Press on November 29,2003, reported that, "The top U.S. intelligence analyst who supervised the production of the U.S. government's key pre-war findings on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction," came out and publicly defended himself. It turns out that he is the vice chairman of the National Intelligence Council, Stuart A. Cohen. For those unaware, the name Cohen is associated with the purest blood of the ancient Pharisees. Many Jewish scientists even claim the existence of a distinctive "Cohen gene"! This news was recently followed by the statement of an important retired Israeli general who admitted that the Israeli government purposely lied to the U.S. government in exaggerating the threat posed by Saddam Hussein.
Jewish Neo-cons in Israel and America conceived the war for Israel’s strategic interests. They had to fake intelligence to make America think that Iraq threatened us, and they used the media (which is overwhelmingly Jewish-run) to promote the lies and to corrupt politicians like George Bush to physically start an illegal, anti-American war.
Even more insanely, the Justice Department and Homeland Security are now granting blanket amnesty to all the illegal aliens in the United States, so we can identify them and “make us more secure from terrorists.” Of course, if we had not allowed the massive immigration into America, we would have no terrorist threat to our country now, and 911 would not have happened!
Saddam Hussein never threatened America. But, we were and are threatened by the Jewish supremacists within our borders who dominate our media and our government on behalf of a foreign nation. It is they who have been the primary force behind our disastrous foreign policy, leading to the rising hatred against the United States and such tragedies as 911. It is they who have been the leading advocates and power brokers opening our borders, and it is they who work tirelessly for the destruction of our heritage and freedom. That’s why I have to write these words to you from behind the walls of the American Gulag. I dare to expose the treason that is destroying our once great nation.
In about 4 months, I will be free again to traverse America and awaken our people. A number of patriotic leaders from across the U.S. and around the world are joining me for a European-American Unity Conference in New Orleans in May. Leaders and scholars will speak on important themes, and they are planning a “Welcome Back” banquet and celebration following the weekend conference. I would be honored if you will attend the event and bring a few other European American activists as well. My topic will be: “Our Heritage and Freedom: A Path to Victory.”
This experience behind federal walls, iron bars and razor wire has not defeated me. I am emerging from the bowels of the beast even stronger and more determined to use the last decades of my life as a force to awaken our people from the nightmare of ongoing genocide of our people. We have the right to preserve our heritage and the right to be free from the alien forces, which have seized control of our institutions and government.
By the time you receive this, a new year will have begun. I hope that you will rededicate yourself at this very moment to do more to awaken and organize our people. If you have not joined EURO yet, please take the initiative and do so. If you are a member, please immediately renew your dues for 2004 as a principle member if possible.
Jewish Suprematism is gaining momentum with each day. Help me get it into the hands of more of our people. Use Internet chat rooms to spread our ideas far and wide and promote our website, www.davidduke.com. And, finally, help our office do the vital work it does to spread our message all over the world. Your support makes all that possible, so please make a generous donation and help us get off to a great start in 2004.1 remain, from behind the razor wire,
Yours for Our Heritage and Freedom!
PS: I will be completely free by the middle of May 2004. After the conference in late May, I will travel the nation and speak wherever we can gather our people together. My Internet radio show will be immediately re-launched, and I will also work over the next few months, getting my new book ready for editing, layout and publishing. Your contributions of $100, $500 or even $1000 or more will make a big difference in the effectiveness of my work. Of course, any amount you can contribute is much appreciated I look forward to seeing you soon!