REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
December 03, 2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 504-626-7714
Dear!' * ‘
Enclosed is the latest Duke Report outlining the continuing effort of the Federal Government and the Black radical, U.S. Attorney Eddie Jordan, to discredit and imprison me in an attempt to suppress the ideas for which you and 1 have worked. Over the past year I have repeatedly warned you that Jordan as well as the Washington establishment was cooking up something against me. I told you it would be a dirty and underhanded smear job coordinated hand-in-hand with a hostile mass media. Unfortunately my predictions have come true. But I have another prediction.
I have some bad news for the Feds. Even if they attempt to lock me up for 100 years, they can't disprove a line of what I have written, and they will not stop the Movement that we are building here and around the world.
At this moment I am preparing for a huge press conference in Moscow for my new book, first appearing in Russian, called the Jewish Question. It is interesting that the Feds chose this time, when I was away from my home, to search my residence and office. The Black U.S. Attorney has not searched the home of prominent Black politician. Senator Cleo Fields, who was caught by the FBI taking a $20,000 cash payoff from former Governor Edwin Edwards. (This video was a key piece of evidence in the trial that convicted Edwards.) The lack of action against Fields obviously doesn't prove my innocence, but it is clear to everyone that a Black U.S. Attorney who will not, for political reasons, indict someone obviously guilty, will just as likely persecute, for political reasons, someone he spitefully opposes.
Please remember that this action against me is completely based on their opposition to my political and social beliefs. With the thousands of complex Federal Laws on the books, and with the unlimited power of the Federal Government, they can go after anyone they choose. Some people might like to be naive and believe that the Feds would never persecute someone for their political beliefs, but remember that those who control the United States Government today are fervently committed to the New World Order and the ultimate reduction of European Americans to a politically powerless, racial minority. I am considered by these egalitarians to be as evil as the so-called heretics of the Middle Ages, who dared to challenge the establishment's view of the Universe.
America has its dissidents, just as Communist Russia had before its fall, the only difference is that the Federal Government does a much better job of public relations in suppressing its dissidents than the Communists did. I want you to know that I will not submit meekly to these efforts against me, that I will fight for my freedom and right to continue to speak up for you.
One of the Government's goals in the recent raid on my home was to taint my reputation and cause you to stop supporting my efforts. You see, this raid happened because I have been making so much progress for our cause. My Awakening is affecting tens of thousands of people, and my new book on the Jewish Problem will eventually reach millions around the world.
Also, please take the opportunity, to give everyone you know the most important Christmas gift of all, the truth! Five copies of My Awakening will be sent to you for only $100, 16 copies for only $288.00 postpaid! Remember too, that checks for book orders must be distinct from your personal gifts, and your gifts are very, very much needed at this moment.
I hope you can clearly see what the Feds are trying to do; and I hope at this very difficult period you realize that your support is more important now than ever. One man told me, that once he realized that the Federal Government was desperately trying to cut off support for me, it just proved how effective I am for our cause. He then said that he would do the opposite of what the Feds wanted and increase his gifts!
This is Jhe hardest Christmas I have ever faced, and I hope you can, in this very difficult period, renew your financial^ moraT, and spiritual support.