REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 -985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
Feb 1,2003
Before I go a step further in this letter, I again must tell you how thankful I am for your moral and financial support during this very difficult period. As you can see by the Duke Report, my important work continues undiminished, and it will not ever stop as long as I have breath and life. The vital information that you help me bring to millions of our people around the world will continue to flow from both my pen and my voice.
The subject of this Duke Report is vitally important. Although European-Americans represent a wide range of religious and non-religious thought, the direction of organized Christianity is extremely important to all of us. We cannot let those who serve the Jewish supremacists dictate Christian sentiments. Whether or not you are Christian, I am sure that many of you have encountered family or friends who respond to your arguments by saying that the Bible commands us to support modem Judaism and Israel because they are “God’s Chosen People.” At least one third of all European-Americans have come to believe this anti-Christian Big Lie. They are simply echoing what they have heard from Christian religious leaders and have no idea that the Bible says the exact opposite of this. It is important that you are able to prove to them that this is completely contrary to traditional Christian teaching and against the clear words of the New Testament.
Unless you able to clearly counter this false argument about “the Chosen People” you will not be able to reach these otherwise good people of our heritage, people that rightfully should be on our side in the conflict for our rights, heritage and survival. You must show them how that supporting Judaism and is actually supporting the biggest enemies of Christianity on earth! The New Testament scripture clearly shows how the Jews broke God’s covenant and no longer continue in it. The New Covenant brought by Jesus Christ is one that makes Christians the tme Chosen people of God! Whether or not you are a Christian, I cannot emphasize how important this dialogue is for Christians; a huge component of our people. If we write off these misled Christians, we are doing exactly what the Jewish supremacists want, dividing ourselves so that they can conquer! This Duke Report is perfect for distribution to Christians and at churches everywhere. And, it is instructive for people of any faith in how the Jewish supremacists can twist and corrupt almost any institution. For what they have done is taken one of the oldest bulwarks against Jewish supremacism, Christianity, and turned it into a weapon against all of us, and Christianity itself!
As you know, war against Iraq is very close. It is truly a war against America and every true American interest both at home and in the world. There is very little each of us can do to prevent this war; the Jewish supremacist powers in the media and government have already decided upon it. But, this war and the conflict, tension and suffering that will come from it does afford an opportunity to continue to wake up our people to the damage that Jewish supremacy is doing to our nation. You can go to my website, and see my own pointed “State of the Union address” in response to President Bush. I think you will find it quite unique!
As you know, during this trying period, I and our work need your support more than ever. Please help us continue to educate and motivate millions of our people all over America and the World. We have now put my recent radio broadcasts on CD and can offer them for your listening at home or in your auto. I think you will find them very interesting. I am also happy to report that we will begin to offer my new book, Jewish Supremacism, in the next Duke Report. At the nsk of immodesty, I think you will find it the most powerful exposure of Jewish supremacism ever put into print. It will be about 400 pages, quality-sewn hardback with a glossy four-color jacket depicting an American flag captured and burning inside a Star of David! We still must raise substantial thousands of dollars for the printing of this book. If you can help with a generous contribution, I think you will find it one of the most productive gifts you could ever make to advance the cause of our people’s heritage and freedom.
Sincerely, David Duke OV	^&***L<—
P.S. If you contribute $1,000, $500 or even $100 to help me finance my new book will receive a free CD of my “State of the Union Address.” Please make your checks payable to “The Duke Report” and include this letter with your response.