REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman SlTammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville. LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
EUR0
European American Unity and Rights Organization
April 2, 2005	DUES	REMINDER	and	Conference	Invitation
Dear EURO member:
I want to take this opportunity to personally thank you for your support for EURO, and to urge you to renew your dues for current year — if you have not already done so. Also, I want invite you to our International European American New Orleans Conference this May 20-22. Major leaders from all over the world will be present, such as Nick Griffin of the British National Party and many other leaders of such stature. There will also be an exclusive EURO members meeting in which I hope you will participate.
Bringing together White organizations and leaders in unity has never been more important than right now. Never before have we faced a more serious situation than we do today. Massive immigration, low White birthrates and increased racial intermarriage is threatening not only our majority status in America, but even our very existence as a people. And the same destruction is going on in every White nation.
As you will see in the next Duke Report (you will receive it in 3 or 4 days), I have been relentless in my activism on behalf of our organization. Today, EURO has members not only in Canada and the United States but all over the European American World. I have recently completed an extremely successful trip carrying our message of European American heritage and freedom across Eastern and Western Europe. From America to Italy, Russia, Sweden, Austria, Ireland and Spain, the activity has been nonstop!
Of course, all this has not been accomplished without dangers and difficulties. In Spain, 50 club-wielding Reds, attacked my speech in Barcelona, trashing the facility. Our people bravely fought them off. Although my speech was interrupted, I proud to tell you after the melee I resumed and completed my speech. You can hear the speech on the Internet and see some of the photos in the upcoming Duke Report.
And the EURO message has been heard in America as well. I hope you saw my tumultuous appearance on the O'Reilly Factor on the Fox News Network, the largest watched talk program on American cable television. O'Reilly became so flustered by my open defense of European Americans and our free speech rights, that he looked foolish trying to talk over me. As a result of the program, over 8000 people contacted me to voice support and our website, www.davidduke.com, received tens of thousands of visits! My new live, nationwide and worldwide Internet radio show offers us a whole new way to reach out.
Please remit your dues for the current year, we need your ongoing support! Also enclosed is registration from for the New Orleans Conference on May 20-22. Please remember as well that Principal Membership provides the foundation of EURO support. I very much appreciate your help and activism.
For more information don't hesitate to call me or my assistant James Kelso at our EURO office at 985-626-7714.1 look forward to seeing you at the conference next month!
Yours for Our Heritage and Freedom!
11
DatfidDuke — PS Your membership dues are the primary source of support for our Movement. Please return the form with this letter for our record keeping. If there is any error, please let me know.