REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
November 11, 2002
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
4

More than a couple of my friends have recently asked me why I am have been so focused on the war on terrorism, Jewish supremacy, the war on Iraq and the Palestinian issue. “Why haven’t you talked more about the massive Mexican immigration that is swamping America, the Black shooter around Washington, D.C, and the incompetent police chief who botched for weeks the efforts to apprehend him; and the ongoing destruction of America through NAFTA and other Third World Trade agreements. Well, the answer is, of course, I have talked about those things, in countless interviews and writings—and I still do!
But, it is absolutely critical that we deal with the source of all these woes: the Jewish supremacy over the American media and the American political system. As my book, Mv Awakening, shows, Jewish groups led the effort to open our borders to the refuse of the Third World and make America a non-European nation. Jews were 90 percent of the founders of Communism and still dominate its academic counterpart: racial egalitarianism. Jewish crones have led radical feminism, and the Jewish media has popularized this destructive force against the family. Jews were founders and leaders of many of the minority movements such as the NAACP and even Mexican activist organizations. They have been and even continue to be the leaders of the media effort to destroy the fundamental values of America and destroy America’s Christian tradition, even as many deluded Christians support the extremely anti-Christian Jewish establishment!
In short, there is no solving America’s racial problem, unless we break the Jewish supremacy over us. It is not just the West Bank of Palestine that is occupied, it is the East Bank of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C.; it is Hollywood; and it is the media establishment in America.
And now, after controlling American foreign policy for years and making much of the world hate us for our support of Israeli terrorism and oppression, Jewish supremacists orchestrated, or at the very least were an accomplice in the 911 attacks. Israel knew these attacks were coming, and they wanted the carnage against America, just as they wanted the previous terrorism of the attack on the USS Liberty and the terrorism of the Lavon Affair.
Now they are about to involve our nation in a costly, deadly and destructive war. It is not a war that is truly being waged against Iraq; it is actually against America, for this war can do nothing but cost billions and result in more terrorism. It is a war for Israel and AGAINST us. It is also the means they are using to make the monster of world government even bigger and take away more and more of our precious freedoms.
But at the same time, the insanity of what these Jewish supremacists are doing is opening up many American’s eyes, and the even the ADL is telling us that anti-Israeli and anti-Semitic sentiment (opposing Jewish supremacism is called “anti-Semitism”) is dramatically rising. Even a new Government think tank in Israel names me as one of those responsible for this change and names me as their biggest enemy. That’s a charge I am very proud of, and I think it affords a good reason why you support my work. When you get this letter, I will be on a tour speaking at universities and institutions throughout Europe and the Middle East. All over the world people are waking up, and your help makes that possible.
I know that during the holiday season people tend to forget the more serious side of things. We are in a battle for our survival of our heritage and freedom, and I think you know that my efforts are directed at the very epicenter of our problems and against our enemies’ power. I believe that our staff, our publication and web site, and myself deserve your generous support.
As we did last year, we will offer My Awakening for only $15 for 10 copies or more. That’s a beautiful hardcover book and the most powerful tool for awakening our people! If you add $5 per book we will even wrap it, pack them and ship them to the address of whomever you want. It’s the perfect gift and one that can change lives and possibly even the course of history.
As always, we struggle to pay the bills and expand our work, so please make a generous gift to our cause as well as your book order. We really need some large contributions such as $1000, $500 or $100 to carry on and expand our many projects. Of course, our staff and I appreciate whatever you can do. But, I know that you appreciate our efforts and understand my approach to awakening and motivating our people, and understand the necessity of our supporting us.
I love you all, appreciate your support and wish you a most wonderful Holiday Season for you and yours!
Very sincerely.
David Duke