REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman Si Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
July 26,2002
I
Dear
I do not think that there is anything better to wake up our people to the government’s treasonous, anti-American Mideast policy than the letter in the current Duke Report. The letter was written by one of the survivors of the vicious Israeli attack on the American Navy ship: the USS I iberty. The letter is poignant, to the point and graphic. It shows both the horror of the attack and that it was not an Israeli mistake, but cold-blooded terrorism and murder against America. It was meant not only to kill every American on board, but to falsely blame the Egyptians and thus wrongly embroil America in a war costing even more American lives and untold billions of dollars, all for the glory of Israel.
It is pertinent because the all-powerful Israeli Lobby, coupled with Jewish supremacy in the American press, plans a new war with Iraq. Iraq has done nothing against the United States, and absolutely no clear evidence exists of any Iraqi involvement in terrorist activity against America. Of course, Israel’s long record of terrorism and treachery against America goes back to the Lavon Affair, the USS Liberty, and includes the immense damage done to America by Israeli master spy Jonathan Pollard. And, nothing tops the Israeli treachery in the 911 catastrophe. As I have already shown with very powerful evidence, Israel knew about the attacks ahead of time and in all likelihood covertly instigated the attacks through their infiltrators. Last year, Sharon and Israel were desperate to pull their chestnuts from the fire of world opinion and to crush the fledgling Palestinian state. 911 was good only for Israel, and Israel proves it every day!
I continue to publish and speak about these critical issues all over the world and let me tell you, the world is listening! Our website reaches upwards of 8 to 10 million hits each month and is growing fast.
Naturally, there are other issues, perhaps they are less pressing to our immediate survival, but no less important. EURO has led the effort to preserve the Confederate flag in many parts of the nation, including recent rallies in Gulfport, Mississippi. We have trumpeted the dangers of so-called “hate-crime” legislation, which ultimately seeks the eradication of 1st Amendment right of free speech in America.
Thanks to your support, I have been the most effective spokesman for our people’s rights and heritage in the world. In a lengthy, recent ADL character assassination, they referred to me as the “highest-profile White supremacist of the past two decades.” Of course, 1 am not a racial supremacist, though 1 do recognize racial realities. As my new book shows, Zionist Jews are the most extreme racial supremacists on earth! And, they are anxious to smear, discredit and silence me, because I expose them so effectively. The point is that I couldn’t do any of this without you and your generous help. The fact is that every month we barely pay our bills. Some vital projects we simply cannot launch for lack of funds. Our staff and I really need some help to do this vital job for our cause. Only your generous support enables our work to continue. In the summer, many of our supporters are on vacation and their thoughts turn to the great outdoors. Please remember that our work goes on! So, I urge you to give us a generous helping hand today, so we can continue and expand our important work! Thanks again!
Sincerely,
PS. A contribution of $500, a $1000 or even a $100 would go a long way toward helping us spread the truth. Of course, any amount would be much appreciated. If you make a personal gift, be sure to indicate it on your check. Be sure to look at the new items in the catalog included in this mailing.