European-American Unity and Rights Organization
Activity Report October-November 2002
Post Office Box 188, Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714 Office 985-624-3351 Fax www.whitecivilrights.comwww.davidduke.comwww.davidduke.net
EURO Virginia President Ron Doggett Speaks Against Political Correctness
EURO Virginia President Ron Doggett held a protest against a Richmond City Council resolution honoring Gabriel Prosser, a Black Virginia slave, who in 1800 tried to organize a slave revolt. Prosser’s plan was to kill all Whites, kidnap Governor James Monroe, and demand Virginia free all the slaves and become an all-Black state. It’s said Prosser was inspired by the slave revolt in Haiti, which ended when the Black slaves killed all Whites on the Island.
On October 10, the 2002 anniversary of his hanging, Black Richmond city councilman and local race agitator Sa’ad El-Amin, along with the NAACP and Henrico’s only Black Board of Supervisors member, Frank Thornton, held a memorial service at the park. Ironically, only 12 people attended the service due to a heavy rain.
EURO organized a symbolic protest at the ceremony with a large banner reading “Henrico honors the planned murder of Whites.”
The Richmond Times Dispatch, Henrico County Leader, Richmond Free Press and the Henrico Citizen newspapers covered the event and mentioned EURO by name.
EURO then launched an investigation to determine Henrico County’s intentions behind the park’s dedication in 1997. Newspaper articles indicated (both past and present) that the park was to honor Gabriel. However, Henrico County officials we spoke to told a different story, saying the park was historical in nature only and honored no one.
Virginia EURO President Ron Dogget then spoke before a Henrico County
Board of Supervisors meeting and was publicly assured by the County Manager that the newspaper had it dead wrong and that the County never honored Gabriel and indicated that the park was dedicated as a historically significant site where Gabriel’s planned revolt occured. The Board thanked Mr. Doggett and praised the manner in which he handled this and other matters.
Next, Black racist city councilman Sa’ad El-Amin introduced a resolution honoring Gabriel. Ron Doggett and two other patriots spoke against the measure. In addition, the NAACP and a number of prominent Richmond Black extremists spoke in favor of it. The resolution amazingly passed 9 to 0. Five Blacks and four Whites supported the measure.
The Richmond Times Dispatch and Richmond Free Press carried an article on the vote and the council meeting was aired live on a local public TV channel. The next day, Ron Doggett appeared on the Allen Price radio talkshow on WRVA-AM 50,000 watts, and discussed this outrageous vote; the topic was covered for one hour. Also the Virginia news network covered the event. VNN is a syndicated radio news report covering the whole state.
The following week Richmond City council elections were held. Voters in the White districts were greeted at the polling places with signs proclaiming; “Richmond City Council honors the planned murder of Whites”, with Gabriel’s name and a red slash through it.
EURO Member Holds Protest Against Haitian Immigration
On Saturday, November 2, EURO member Tony Klobuchar and a friend held a silent counter protest against 125 Haitian immigrants in front of the Fort Lauderdale Federal Courthouse to protest
a massive flood of illegal Haitian immigrants into Broward Country, Florida.
Tony held signs saying “send them all back now!” Before long, a crowd of Haitians surrounded Tony chanting slogans while the TV cameras rolled.
Conflicting statements: EURO members and Haitian immigrants get front page treatment in South Florida.
The following day, Sunday, November 3, Tony and a group of 10 supporters attended a Jeb Bush Rally at the Rodio Center in Davie, Florida, to counterprotest an anticipated Haitian protest of Jeb Bush. The Haitian protesters never showed, but Tony and his supporters continued their demostration till late in the afternoon.
EURO Member Scores Big at the Polls in Georgia
EURO member Kenneth Quarterman scored a whopping 39.6 in his race for Georgia State Senate, though he was out-spent 100 to 1.
Kenneth ran against Jewish lawyer David Adelman, whose election, along with other Jewish gains in the Georgia Legislature, more than tripled Jewish power.
Renew Your Membership Dues
Remember, your EURO membership dues are due on January 1, 2003. Your help and support makes our work possible.
EURO web: whitecivilrights.com Online Catalog: davidduke.net