Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 504-626-7714
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman StTammany Parish Repubican PEC 1996-2000
May 8, 2004
a__________________
Dear
The Day of David Duke's Freedom is Here!
David Duke will finally be free from the American gulag on May 16! Join with me and with important leaders and well-wishers from all over the world at an International European American Unity and Leadership Conference in New Orleans that will welcome David Duke home and chart a path that will lead us to victory for our heritage and freedom.
Over the past year, David Duke has endured a 90% non-white prison known for riots and even disfigurement and death. Yet, he has remained courageous and resolute throughout. He stayed strong and spent every moment he could researching, writing and preparing for his release and return to the forefront of the struggle for our people's survival.
He has been laboring on his new book, tentatively titled. For Love of My People, a work meant to inspire our folk to rise up in this time of crisis. Negative White birthrates, massive Third World immigration, and miscegenation will make European-Americans a hapless minority in our own homelands and soon threaten our very existence. In the face of this catastrophe, our people must be motivated and led to action. David Duke, the most well-known European American activist and anti-Zionist in the world, offers a practical program for a renaissance of Western Man.
Now that he is near his freedom, David Duke can release the documents exposing the government's clearly political persecution on tax and mail fraud charges. For instance, David Duke was charged with "filing a false tax return" for tax year 1998, yet while he was in prison, the IRS admitted that he overpaid his taxes for the 1998 year and mailed a refund for an overpayment of $5,000 on the same 1998 tax year! Indeed, the government's own statements showing his modest income prove that David Duke has lived unselfishly for our Cause. You can learn more details about the persecution of David Duke in Don Black's most recent web article at www.Stormfront.org/forum.
Michael Chertoff, a powerful Zionist in the Justice Department, forced Duke's prosecution because of David Duke's rising influence in opposition to the Iraq War and because of the growing impact of his worldwide best-selling book, Jewish Supremacism, which has become the leading book in the world exposing the Zionist threat. Thirty days after the U.S. State Department tried to prevent his appearance on the Al-Jazeera Satellite Network, as reported by Newsweek magazine in November 2002, David Duke was prosecuted by the government. The Zionists were desperate to silence his voice on the Israeli treachery in the 911 attacks and the Iraq War they sought.
All of David Duke's predictions about the war have come true. There were no "weapons of mass destruction," no ties of Saddam to Al-Qaeda, and no imminent threats to the U.S. from Iraq. The war and its resulting damage to America occurred simply because Israel sought to use the USA to
smite its strongest enemy, Iraq. His predictions of hundreds of billions of dollars in cost to the American people, a resulting quagmire of death and terrorism, and a massive rise in anti-American sentiment have all tragically come true.
David Duke is the world's best known spokesman for our rights and heritage. He received more votes in Louisiana than Patrick Buchanan received in the whole nation. No other White leader in the European-American world has received such a high percentage of White votes, over 60 percent in two major elections. Representative Duke has been the only elected official to stand up against the immigration invasion — the Zionist control over our media and government policy — the massive affirmative action discrimination going on against European-Americans - the insane. Zionist-created war in Iraq that has caused thousands of American casualties, cost countless billions, and only increased the threat of terrorism against our country!
No other leader in America or Europe has surpassed his achievements, and now his return to us is only days away. Far from being broken or intimidated by his time in the gulag, David Duke is more determined than ever to wake up European Americans from their death sleep. He described to me his time in the gulag as a long and powerful drawing back of the bow of dedication. The arrow of his mission is about to be launched with this historic conference. Over the last year, David Duke has agonized in prison about the crisis facing our people. He has studied and written relentlessly during the period, preparing himself for the days and years ahead in the service of our Cause. I can assure you that David Duke is emerging from the gulag strengthened rather than broken.
The Conference will be held in New Orleans and will include the most important leaders of our Cause. Among the prominent speakers will be the founder of the British National Party, John Tyndall, leaders of the National Alliance, Erich Gliebe and Kevin Alfred Strom, Dr. Ed Fields of The Truth at Last, Canadian activist Paul Fromm, Willis Carto of American Free Press and Barnes Review, courageous attorneys Sam G. Dickson and Edgar J. Steele, and Germar Rudolf of The Revisionist.
David Duke has endured the American gulag. He stood up for all of us. Now it is our duty to stand with him in New Orleans as he emerges from prison. Join with me in showing David Duke that we are thankful for his great efforts for the Cause over the years. Please do whatever you must to come to New Orleans. Together, with his leadership, we can build our Movement to restore our heritage and freedom.
Sincere!
Roy Armstrong Generafoecretary
European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) www.whitecivilrights.com
P.S. Please let us know whether you can attend. If you can't make it please help fund this historic gathering. Your gifts are needed since Mr. Duke has been in the gulag for over a year. Please support us with the funds needed to get his weekly radio show back on the air, to restore and invigorate his websites, and to launch a new speaking tour across America.
CALL (985) 626-7714 FOR TODAY'S UPDATE ON CONFERENCE DETAILS, TICKETS AND HOTEL RESERVATIONS.
PHONES ARE MANNED 24 HRS A DAY UNTIL OUR MAY 28-30 EVENT IN NEW ORLEANS. Please go to www.davidduke.com for help with your ticket and hotel reservations.