Dr. David Duke
Box IBS MANDEVILLE LA 70471 085-026-7714
Representative
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1080*1002
Chairman Si Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1008-2000
Aoril 25.2007
ial
DR sub Expired!
Dear
Recently, members of the Duke Lacrosse team were completely cleared in an alleged rape of a Black woman. This non-existent rape was the leading story for a year. The sensational lie of this alleged rape was used to paint White America as guilty of racism and crimes against Blacks.
The boys at Duke are not racists. The real racists are the media and politicians who made these boys out to be criminals because they were White and the alleged victim was Black. As the truth of the Duke lacrosse story unfolded, a real hate crime occurred against a young couple in Knoxville, Tennessee. Miss Channon Christian and Mr. Christopher Newsom were kidnapped, raped, tortured, mutilated and murdered by five Blacks. She was tortured and raped by the five 1 ler breasts were cut off; cleaning fluid (in an attempt to destroy DNA evidence) was forced down her throat; her dismembered body thrown into a trash can. Christopher Newsom was tortured; forced to watch as these savages raped his girlfriend, then his penis was cut off and he was set afire.
Since that time, a crude shock-jock Imus, (who says nasty things about everyone) was fired because in comedy banter he jokingly referred to a Black woman basketball team as "nappy headed ho's." The "racism" of Imus and White society was the top story for weeks. How can it be that an off hand comment in stupid comedy banter merits nationwide outrage, but the horrendous rape, torture and murder of a beautiful young White couple by five Blacks get not one line of national media? I am the only nationally known person in America who dares to even talk about this horrific event.
Through your support, our own funds and some loans, the 2007, newly updated and indexed lewish Supremacism is now ready! The long-awaited update of Mv Awakening still must be printed, and I am completing the final editing of the additions and indexing. Printing is scheduled in 30 days, but we must now somehow raise the funds. It is actually a bigger hurdle than lewish Supremacism. for Mv Awakening is twice as big and twice as costly to print. For your information, I am doing all the updating, indexing, formatting and layout preparation myself. It is a big job, and sometimes I am ' overwhelmed by my teaching, lecturing, Internet writing and radio programs, and my work that never seems to end for our people. 1 am not complaining though. Even the media attacks I suffer only affirm my good work and give me the joy of knowing that our enemies fear me. In these times it is privilege to give on behalf of our people! I hope you also find it a privilege to support this work!
In the next 30 days we must raise the funds necessary to complete the second half of our book reprinting project. Although our funds are just about exhausted from the lewish Supremacism reprint, I am determined that we all will do our utmost to accomplish the second half of this vital project. Very special low prices for bulk quantities of lewish Supremacism are also now available.
Sincere Thanks f	Dr. David Duke
Gifts-of$100, $500, $1(XX) or even $5000 or $10,000 can help us move closer to Mv Awakening being back in print. As always, I am thankful for whatever you can give. Please, let me hear from you today! PS: Next to your zip code in your address you will see if your Duke Report subscription has expired!