Financing Israel May Bankrupt America!
Hidden Costs of Israeli
June 10, BOO!)

AMERICAN
Aid Put at $3
U.S. support for Israel has cost American taxpayers dearly—nearly $3 trillion—according to a recently published expert analysis.
EXCLUSIVE TO AMERICAN FREE PRESS
By Christopher Bollyn
WM bile it is commonly reported Hint Israel I officially receives some $3 billion every I year in the form of economic aid from the I U.S. government, this figure is just the tip of the iceberg. There are many billions of dollars more in hidden costs and economic losses that lurk beneath the surface. A recently published economic analysis has concluded that U.S. support for Israel has cost American taxpayers nearly $3 trillion in 2002 dollars.
The Costs to American Taxpayers of the laraeli-Palestinian Conflict: $3 Trillion” is a summary of economic research done by Thomas R. StaufTer. Stauffer s summary of the research was published in the June 2003 issue of The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs.
Stauffer is a Washington-based engineer and economist who writes and leaches about the economics of energy and the Middle East. Stauffer has taught at Harvard University and Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service.
Stauffer’s findings were first presented at an October 2002 conference sponsored by the U.S. Army College and the University of Maine.
Stauffer’s analysis is "an estimate of the total cost to the U.S. alone of instability and conflict in the region— which emanates from the core Israeli-Palestinian conflict."
"Ibtal identifiable costs come to almost $3 trillion,” Stauffer says. "About 60 percent, well over half, of those
costs- about $1.7 trillion—arose from the U.S. defense of Israel, where most of that amount has been inclin ed since 1973.”
"Support for Israel comes to $1.8 trillion, including special trade advantages, preferential contracts, or aid buried in other accounts. In addition to the financial outlay, U.S. aid to Israel costs some 275,000 American jolts each year," Stauffer says.
The largest single element in the costs has been the series of oil-supply crises that have accompanied the Isracli-Arnh wars and the construct ion of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 'Tb date these have cost the U.S. $1.5 trillion (2002 dollars), excluding the additional costs incurred since 2001,’’ Stauffer wrote.
The cost of supporting Isrnel increased drastically alter the 1973 Isrneli-Arnh war. U.S. support for Israel during that war resulted in additional costa for the American taxpayer of between $750 billion and $1 trillion, Stauffer says.
ARAB OIL EMBARGO
When Isrnel wnR losing the war, President Richard Nixon stepped in to supply the Jewish stale with U.S. weapons. Nixon's intervention triggered the Arab oil embargo which Stauffer estimates cost the United States ns much ns $000 billion in lost domestic production and another $450 in higher nil import costs.
‘The 1973 oil crisis, all in all, cost the U.S. economy no less than $900 billion, and probably ns much ns $1,200 billion," he says.
As a result of the nil embargo the United Stales created the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) to “insulate Israel and the U.S. against the wielding of a future Arab oil weapon." The billion-barrel RPR has cost U.S. taxpayers $134 billion to date.
According to an Oil Supply Guarantee, which former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger provided Israel in 1975, Isrnel gets "first call" on any oil available to the U.S. if Israel’s oil supply is stopped.
Stauffer's $3 trillion figure is conservative ns it does
IT'S TIME TO CUT THEM OFF
Find out how by contacting us at (985) 626-7714 or P.O.Box 188 - Mandeville, LA 70470
not include the increased costs incurred during the yearlong buildup to the recent war against Iraq in which Israel played a significant, albeit covert, role.
The higher oil prices that occurred as a result of the Anglo-American campaign against Iraq were absorbed by the consumers. The increase in oil prices provided a huge bonus for the leading oil companies such as British Petroleum and Shell, who are mqjor oil producers as well aa retailers. The major international oil companies recorded record profits for the first quarter or 2003.
The largest single element in the costs has been the series of oil-supply crises that have accompanied the Israeli-Arab wars and the construction of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. To date these have cost the United States about $1.5 trillion.
Loans made to Israel by the U.S. government, like the recently awarded $9 billion, invariably wind up being paid by the American taxpayer. A recent Congressional Research Service report indicates that Israel lias received $42 billion in waived loans. Therefore, it is reasonable to consider all government loans to Israel the ' same as grants,” wrote Shirl McArthur in the May 2003 issue of The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs.
Support for Israel has cost America dearly-Jifrell over $10,000 per American—however the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has been extremely costly for the entire world. According to Stauffer, the total bill for supporting Israel is two to four limes higher than that for the U.S. alone—costing the global community an estimated $6 trillion to $12 trillion.	^
European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO)
www.nowarforisrael.com