REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chatman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
April 2,2005
P
Dear 1
By the time you receive this letter, I will have returned to Louisiana to prepare for our May 20-22 International European American New Orleans Conference.
As you will see in the enclosed Duke Report I have recently completed an extremely successful trip carrying our message of European American heritage and freedom across Eastern and Western Europe. From America to Italy, Russia, Sweden, Austria, Ireland and Spain, activity has been nonstop!
And my message has been heard in America as well. I hope you saw my tumultuous appearance on the O'Reilly Factor on the Fox News Network, the most-watched news program on American cable television. O'Reilly became so flustered by my open defense of European Americans and our free speech rights that he looked foolish trying to talk over me. As a result of the program, over 8000 people contacted me to voice support and our website, www.davidduke.com, received tens of thousands of visits!
In the current Duke Report I discuss the O'Reilly show and how conservatism has been infiltrated by Trotskyite neocons who seek the destruction of our White heritage. Now, in a number of major appearances in the United States I will address the most critical issue facing our people: massive immigration that is nothing short of an ethnic cleansing of European Americans from die nation our own forefathers built. Our people face a genocide occurring all over the European American world. Now with our daily Internet radio program we have created our own mass media and the truth is getting out!
Of course, all this has not been accomplished without dangers and difficulties. In some ways, Europe is a far more wild and woolly place than America. In Spain, 50 club-wielding Reds, attacked my speech in Barcelona, trashing the facility. Our people bravely fought them off. Although my speech was interrupted, I am proud to tell you that after the melee I resumed and completed my speech. You can hear the speech on the Internet and can see some of the photos in this Duke Report.
It is great to be back in my secure base of support in Louisiana to host the 2005 International European American Conference that will be even bigger and better than last year's. We will meet 500 strong in the most populous parish (county) in Louisiana, a parish I carried by a landslide when I received about 70 percent of the White vote there in my race for the United States Senate. Major leaders of our Movement from all over the world will be addressing us. This is an event you don't want to miss!
Another ongoing difficulty we have, of course, is funding. We have no foundations or billionaire Jewish contributors behind us like the SPLC or the ADL, and I am very proud that we accomplish as much as we do on our miniscule budget. I hope you realize how important your support means to the work that I am doing. I literally couldn't do it without you and I am proud to know that I speak for you!
I look forward to seeing you at our conference in New Orleans on May 20-22. Even if you can't attend, please help make the event and our ongoing work a great success with your generous contribution.
Yours for Our Heritage and Freedom!
DcWid Duke PS: the DVD/ VHS videos of the last conference offer a preview of this year's event.