REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman Si Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
September 2, 2003
Dear Mr. Andrews,
It is bleak here behind bars in a 90% non-European American prison. Yet, even in these austere conditions, I have joy in my heart. The activism and dedication of you and many others brings me that joy. Each day, I receive reports from all over America and the world about how my new book, lewish Supremacism, is waking up increasing numbers of our people and literally changing lives. Let me quote to you from a young U.S. Army officer currently serving in Iraq.
"Your book has confirmed what I only suspected; you connected the dots and gave me an accurate picture of the Iraq War and a revealing picture of the world, making sense out of the madness around us. But not only did you change my world view; you changed my life; and may God give me the courage to do what I must in the coming years, the courage to stand up like you and tell the truth -for only the truth can save us! Exposing Jewish supremacism is the only real solution to the crisis facing our people. Issues such as immigration, low White birthrates, gun control, radical feminism, affirmative action and the rest will never be solved until the Jewish supremacism over us is broken. And, every day my buddies and I witness how this war is only increasing the hatred against America and fueling future terrorism against us and our children back home. I am doing my duty here, but where I should be doing it is along the Mexican-American border back home ...either we depose Jewish supremacy over us, or we Americans will lose everything that truly matters!"
His words filled my heart with a joy that no walls or razor wire could dampen. As I write these lines, I know that there are thousands of our people, who at this very moment, are reading my books and articles, hearing my recorded voice, and who are sharing my vital message with others. Even deprived here of the most elemental freedoms, it is wonderful to think that my words, my thoughts, my passion and love for our people travels at the speed of light across America and the world!
When deprived of the sensual and temporal pleasures that we take for granted, one focuses on the spiritual part of life. In the months I have been here, I have been given a gift that will always remain with me and that will find manifestation in my future work for our Cause. Prison tends to break the weak and make the strong tougher! I grow stronger and more determined with each passing day.
As you know, the Zionist lies that I have exposed repeatedly over the past year about the Iraq War are now being confirmed in public. It was never a war about America's security or even about getting Iraq's oil -it was only about Israel's Mid-East agenda. While we bankrupt America in the quagmire of Iraq and spill the blood of our young men on its sands, back home the Supreme Court makes anti-White racial discrimination and "diversity" the Law of the Land. This Duke Report powerfully exposes this hypocrisy.