Representative
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Chairman SUammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Mav 16,2006
Dr. David Duke
Box 188 MANDEVILLE LA 70471 985-626-7714
Dear H!
My activism continues! I write this letter to you while flying home from New Jersey where I gave a speech to a patriotic group. Day before yesterday I returned to the United States from Europe where I teach classes of young people who will be our future leaders. Over the past weeks I have made speeches, conferred and consulted with many allied elected officials, and completed many major TV, radio newspaper and magazine interviews with leading media around the world.
The storm persists over the paper published by Professors Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer at the Harvard University, John F. Kennedy School of Government. It is titled "The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy," and it validates points I have long made about Jewish extremist influence over U.S. policy. Jews attacked the paper by showing that the authors now share the same views as David Duke. The critics did not succeed in discrediting the authors — all they did succeed in doing was to dramatically increase my own credibility by showing that my views are now shared by the most prestigious university in the America. The attacks on the Harvard paper and me have led to invitations from dozens of universities asking me to come and make give guest lectures, and they have led to hundreds of interviews all over the world.
The new, enclosed Duke Report has two articles I wrote exposing the role of Jewish extremists in subverting America. The first one shows how leading Jewish organizations support the immigration disaster now threatening America. A leading Jewish newspaper reveals their powerful promotion of the new amnesty legislation in the United States Congress.
Another article shows the powerful influence of Jewish extremists in the White House. I quote from the Jerusalem Post: "The top two positions in the White House are now in the hands of Jews." After much research I found a shocking picture of the new director of White House policy, Joshua Bolten, celebrating in the White House with Chabad Lubavitch rabbis. Chabad Lubavitch is a powerful and extreme Jewish sect that says every Jew is literally a "God," that Christians and all non-Jews are "animals," and that the entire purpose of Gentiles is to "serve Jews." They actually teach in the White House itself! I cite the sources to prove this amazing fact.
I must remind you that my work relies solely on your support. I usually do not receive even a penny for my academic and conference lectures, my interviews and appearances, as well as my help of our political allies and movements. In most cases I even provide my own travel and lodging expenses. My appearance in New Jersey for instance did not even completely cover the cost of airfare. You make possible this work, and frankly, your support is very vital right now!
DaviaDuke
PS If the sub# after the "Personal" on the address line is empty or under # 81 your subscription has expired. Your contributions of $100 or even $1000 or $5u00 are much needed — please know that I very much appreciate any help you can give! — thanks again! — David Duke