REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1909-1992 Chairman St Tammany Parish RepuMcan PEC 1996-2000
November 21, 2001
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714
i
4
Dear]
This Duke Report has convincing evidence that Israel knew about the World Trade Center attack in advance!
Even before the burning Twin Towers had collapsed into the streets of New York, I had suspicions that the Israeli Mossad was involved in the carnage. I knew of Israel’s prior acts of war, terrorism and treachery against the United States. 1) The La von affair where the Mossad blew up American post offices, libraries and cinemas and attempted to blame Egypt. 2) The attack on the American intelligence vessel, the USS Liberty, that was bombed and torpedoed by unmarked Israeli jets and torpedo boats in a vicious attempt to sink it and kill everyone on board. 3) The Pollard Spy case, in which Israel bartered American secrets to the Soviets and thus gutted our intelligence operations in Eastern Europe, as well as causing the death of many American operatives.
I also knew that Israel’s utterly ruthless Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, was in a state of desperation. He was facing possible indictment for war crimes and murder; Israel’s support around the world was crumbling, and suicide bombers were making life almost intolerable for Israelis.
Then September 11 happened, and for Israel, the world changed for the better. No one paid much attention anymore to the Palestinians, who the Israelis continue to kill, maim and torture by the thousands.
Furthermore, I was aware that the Mossad has penetrated every major terrorist organization in the world and that it could probably instigate any kind of terror it wanted. Jews no longer had to secretly blow up libraries and blame Arabs for it. Their agent provocateurs can now instigate terrorism anywhere they want in the world.
When the FBI reported that the September attacks were spawned by a huge international organization with hundreds of participants spanning 3 continents, I believed it likely that Israel’s famed intelligence agency had to know what was coming down.
But how does one prove the treachery of the super-secret Mossad in a matter like this? The day after the WTC attacks, the Jerusalem Post reported that 4000 Israelis should have been at the World Trade Center during the attacks and was fearful of a huge Israeli death toll. Apparently, they were not let in on the Mossad’s plans. The final number of Israelis that perished in the World Trade Center turned out to be a grand total of one person. You are reading that number correctly. It is no typo or misprint; only one Israeli died in the World Trade Center of finance, wealth and banking, a place where Israelis are likely to be the most overrepresented nationality of all.
When I found a New York Times article with the true Israeli death toll, I lost my breath for a moment. Perhaps, you will too.
Due to the urgency of world events, my new book, “Jewish Supremacism,” is being released ahead of schedule as an e-book, available only on the Internet. This new book, an adaptation of the Jewish Question section of My Awakening, will be the most an important critique on the Jewish Question. Through our websites, we can offer this book to people around the world instantly, without printer and shipping delays. With your help, we will raise money for printing and have this new book in hard cover within a few months.
Please remember that it is this kind of research, and writing and dissemination of information that has led you to support my work over the years. And, frankly, as you well know, this critical time requires your financial support.
Please be generous. Our message is going out louder and stronger than ever! The information in this report can ultimately change the world as much have the events of September 11; for it can be crucial in exposing and defeating the age-old enemy of European-Americans, and indeed of all the peoples of the world who love truth and freedom.
PS. A contribution of $500, a $1000, a $100 or even $25 would go a long way toward helping us spread the truth. Of course, any amount would be much appreciated. If you make a personal gift, be sure to indicate it on your check. We are extending our discount offer on My Awakening for Christmas. See our insert for more details. Thanks for your help!