*b* *■<>&
Representative
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 C ha liman StjTammany Parish Repubfcan PEC 1996-2000
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70470 - 985-626-7714
June 18,2005
I	!
i
m
Dear 1
Together, we made it happen. We held a vital European American International Conference. Leaders from all over America and the world joined me in New Orleans in a pledge of unity and cooperation for the heritage and freedom of our people.
Among the leaders present were Nick Griffin, head of the rapidly rising British National Party, Jean-Michel Gerard, Foreign Secretary of the Jean Marie LePen's National Front and a number of other European leaders and activists. Also speaking were Lady Michele Renouf of Britain, Deidre Fields of South Africa, Vavra Suk and Lennart Berg of Sweden and Markus Haverkamp of Germany.
North Americans were extremely well represented. In addition to me there was Don Black of Stormfront.org, Paul Fromm of CAFfi in Canada, Kevin Strom of National Vanguard, Dr. Edward Fields of Truth At Last. Willis Carto and Mike Piper of American Free Press and Barnes Review. All together these American speakers represented the largest groups of activists in our Cause.
For years, all of us have complained about the disunity and infighting among our Movements. I decided to do something about it. It was very costly and immensely time-consuming to host these last two Conferences in New Orleans, but giant steps have been taken toward unity and cooperation.
And such unity is of course, essential. In virtually every White nation our people are facing destruction. Virtually every nation faces the genocide of mass immigration of low birthrates. Our own homelands are being ethnically cleansed of the very people who created our societies and civilization!
All over the world, there are signs that our people are waking up. I am doing the best that I can to spur on that process by writing and publishing, doing media and public appearances all over America and the European world. Immediately after our Conference I was one of the major participants in a worldwide anti-Zionist conference in Kiev, Ukraine called Dialogue of Civilization: the International Threat of Zionism. Over 27 nations were represented. You can actually listen to my speech on the Internet. And now my Internet Radio program goes out LIVE all over the entire world!
I am doing everything that I possibly can for our Cause, and I need your help. Your gifts enable my work to expand and go forward! Please be generous, and together we can win this fight!
Thanks again for your generous, ongoing support!
Da^tf^il^^P^Gifts of $100 or more will receive the first of the new DVD or VHS Conference Videos. Or you may substitute another copy of Jewish Supremacism! Or Duke Report subscription-Please specify!