REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman SI Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
March 21, 2003
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 -985-626*7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
Dear
By the time you get this letter, save a miracle, America will be surely at war with Iraq.
It is a war spawned by the Zionists who dominate America's foreign policy and media.
I hope and pray that few Americans will suffer loss of life or limb from the war. I am angry that the Israeli-controlled politicians have put our soldiers in harm's way in a war that will lessen our safety and our freedom at home. This war will cost hundreds of billions of dollars, and it is a war
that will breed terrorism and anti-Americanism in the future. It is one of the saddest moments of American history.
Three weeks from now, I will be in federal prison, put into the federal gulag by Michael Chertoff; the Justice Department official who had the ultimate authority in the federal case against me.
Chertoff set free the largest spy ring ever apprehended in America: the 140 Israeli spies caught before and after 911. They included the five Israeli Mossad agents who were caught cheering and celebrating while they videotaped the carnage at the World Trade Center. The rest of the Israeli spy ring was uncovered attempting to penetrate hundreds of US government offices, including the FBI, Secret Service, INS, DEA and military installations.
After the exposure of this huge Israeli spy ring by a four-part Fox News special report, I was the only political figure in the United States who dared to publicly speak out about it. I was on the Foxwire TV program with Rita Crosby on this very matter. The Israeli spies were later let go and allowed to return to Israel because their prosecution would have exposed Israel's treachery. Not only did Israel spy on us, it had advance knowledge of the 911 attack and warned Israeli nationals in advance; but, treacherously, Israel did not warn America. I did hundreds of interviews and speeches on the subject around the world. I leave it to you to surmise whether it is simply a coincidence that my prosecution was authorized by the same government official who freed all the members of the Israeli spy ring.
I will not shrink from exposing the Jewish supremacism that seeks supremacy not just over the Palestinian people, but over European-Americans as well. I dare to show that the war in Iraq is not a war for America, but one for Israel and a terrible betrayal of all our fighting men. The powerful Zionist forces in America are determined to discredit and, if possible, silence my voice against them.
If you have not yet heard, under the terms of a plea agreement, I am sentenced to 15 months in federal custody. It means that I must serve approximately 12 and one-half months under current sentencing policy.
I am currently in the jaws of the federal government, so I hope that you understand that I am limited as to what I can say at this time about the specifics of my case. What I say now could have a big effect on the conditions and safety of my imprisonment. But, I will give you a quick glimpse into the charges against me.
The feds alleged that I was guilty of fraud, yet the official government bill of information (factual basis) was so vague that no dollar amount of fraud was even given! They alleged that I under-
Michael Chertoff
reported my gross income in my 1998 tax return. In fact, I had sent an accompanying letter with my 1998 tax return, stating it was incomplete because the government had all my records. I also paid an excess amount in case I owed additional taxes. So, I was charged with filing a false return for 1998 when the government actually got every tax penny I owed it. When I am free I can say much more!
It has been very heartening that so many friends have been supportive during this difficult period for me. The two main questions people have asked is, "Why did I accept a plea agreement and not fight the charges in court?" and "Why didn't I stay in Europe rather than come home to face imprisonment?"
If I had gone to trial, it would have been held in heavily black New Orleans. Federal court rules now prohibit one from challenging black jurors! Such a jury would certainly find "former Klansman David Duke" guilty of anything! With that kind of jury, the government could convict me of the Lincoln assassination! I would have faced a long and costly trial, which would have financially wiped out the Duke Repott. The Zionist, New York-owned Times-Picayune would have unfairly reported on the trial to the world. The feds would have tacked on numerous charges, and I could have been .sent to pris6n for the rest of my life. Also, my accepting the plea, I protected my loyal associates could have also suffered indictment. After careful consideration, my course was clear.
As to those who ask whether I should have stayed in Europe, it is true that I might have been able to stay free there, but my vital work in America would have been ended. I would not be able to teach, research, write, speak and travel freely for our Cause. I would not even be able to return to my home and the nation that I so dearly love. My life's purpose is my work for the European-American people. Even if pursuing my life's work means facing personal risk, or if it means imprisonment for while, I will do whatever I must to continue my work for this Cause.
The entire federal investigation against me was launched by a long-time, vicious, black political opponent of mine, Eddie Jordan, who became the local US Attorney. It continued on after Jordan's departure under the authority of the Justice Department's Michael Chertoff. It heated up as I traveled the world speaking out against America's Israeli-controlled foreign policy and international Jewish supremacism. It lasted almost four years, utilized hundreds of agents all over the country and cost millions of dollars. It was driven by one purpose: to silence my voice.
But, my friend, my voice is not silent. Right up to the moment I must report to federal custody, I will continue to speak out for our Cause. The Duke Report shows that I continue my efforts on behalf of the rights and heritage of the European-American people. I recently debated affirmative action in Louisiana, and I spoke against the Iraq war in Richmond, Virginia. In the months of imprisonment ahead, I will still read, think and write about the important issues facing our people. In fact, I will continue to write important articles that will be read all over the nation and the world.
My new book, Jewish Supremacism, is now finally at the publishers, and I can offer you a very special pre-publication price. Many people think that it is the powerful expose on Zionism ever written. Jewish supremacists are already screaming about it and trying to ban it in many nations.
I want to assure you that I will continue my work for our people no matter what! As long as we can pay the bills, the Duke Report and our websites will continue as usual while I am imprisoned. My hardworking and courageous office staff is as dedicated as ever to our vital Cause. But, we need your support to meet those expenses. If I ever needed your support and encouragement — it is now!
The Jewish supremacists are hoping that imprisonment will discourage and embitter me. Their aim in all of this is to get people to stop supporting my vital work, bankrupt the Duke Report and thus: silence my voice. I pray that I can count on you to make sure that doesn't happen.
I will never surrender in my fight against the Zionists who seek to destroy our heritage and rights. With your help, I will keep on fighting hard for the for our people's survival and freedom!
I am very thankful to you. In this very difficult time, I need your support more than ever!
Very Sincerely,
Please fill out the accompanying form and return it to me right away. The release of my new book, Jewish Supremacism, could not come at a more appropriate moment in American history!
, Finally!
The long-awaited release of David Duke’s new book
Jewish Supremacism
My Awarkening on the Jewish Question
Be the first to read David Duke’s masterful examination of radical Jewish Supremacism by pre-ordering a copy now!
Special Price!
Pre-publication offer of $19.95 postage free and 3 copies for only $60 p-pd !
Regular price $24.95 plus postage!
Jewish Supremacism is based upon the Jewish section of My Awakening, but it is thoroughly updated and has additional chapters on Israel and its complicity in the 911 attacks. This handsome, hardcover, stitched book contains over 370 hard-hitting, well-documented pages. Scholars across the world view Jewish Supremacism as the most powerful expose ever written on the Jewish Question. Even the Jewish Board of Deputies in Russia agrees that David Duke’s book is the most dangerous “anti-semitic book ever written.” Alleging that Jewish Supremacism will become the 21st century’s “Protocols of Zion,” they tried (unsuccessfully) to ban the book in Russia. The Russian government officially ruled that the book was not “anti-semitic” but a scholarly look at the Jewish Question. (You will receive your book as soon as it is shipped from the printer (allow 6 to 10 weeks delivery)