Representative
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Bacttd CJurnnm StT«nmar>» Parish Republican Party 1996-2000
June 8,2007
I
43
id
Dr. David Duke
BOX 188 MANDEVILLE LA 70471 985-626-7714
al
DR sub Expired!
Dee
In the David Duke Report I always give you the important story behind the news.
The nation still reverberates from the mass murder of 32 Virginia Tech students by the Korean immigrant Seung Hui Cho. Even though most of the victims were White Americans, the biased mass media concentrated its attention on the two Black and Jewish victims, transforming them into "heroes" while ignoring the racial implications of the attack. The media completely ignored the fact that America's genocidal immigration policy led directly to this horrendous crime.
In America, millions of non-Whites are being taught by the media to "hate Whitey," and millions of our own people are being taught to hate themselves. When President Clinton went to a university in the American northwest and announced that White people would soon be a minority in the United States, the student audience spontaneously erupted in applause!
The media has studiously avoided mentioning where Cho had been taught such hatred. Incredibly, it had been in the very same classrooms where he butchered 32 of his classmates. One of Cho's teachers is the celebrated Black revolutionary, Marxist and feminist, Nikki Giovanni. One of her "poems" goes like this:
Can you kill — Can you piss on a blond head — Can you cut it off...
Can you kill Can you shoot straight -- and Fire for good measure —
Can you splatter their brains in the street...
After Cho did his "straight shooting" and after he "splattered their brains in the street," do you think the racial murder advocate Giovanni encountered any criticism from the media? Nope, Giovanni was the honored keynote speaker at the memorial service for the slain 32 students!
As you know, I am the only nationally known, uncompromising voice for our people. Your support of my work and the work of all of us in EURO helps us get the truth to millions of our people in America and around the world.
As I reported to you last month; I have had to delay the second half of our book reprinting project for lack of funds. We successfully raised the funds for the lewish Supremacism reprint, but now we still must raise the funds for Mv Awakening. It will take about $50,000 to pay for the new updated and edited version of Mv Awakening; the companion book to Jewish Supremacism that many call the most important and powerful book in the world for awakening our people. I need your help to put this book into the hands of those who can change the worldT £an I count on you? I Sincere Thanks for Your Support! — David Duke
Gifts of $100, $500, $1000 or even $5000 or $10,000 can-help us get Mv Awakening back in print Please, let me hear from you today! Ordering bulk copies of Jewish Supremacism will also help us reach die goals we have set Note: In your address line you see the status of your Duke Report subscription.