iA»r»« •
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 504-626-7714
i
Dear N
The story of White retreat and defeat seems to be never-ending. In this David Duke Report. I comment on the recent murder of a young mother who was shot to death in front of her four children. A Black caijacker stalked her back to her home in an all-White neighborhood in Mandeville, Louisiana, only a mile from where i live and work.
Ironically, it is precisely this kind of Black terror that caused my area to grow so rapidly. People fled here to escape the increasing brutality in the city of New Orleans. Many Mandevilleans are refugees from their beautiful and historic American city that now bears resemblance to the deplorable conditions of the Third World. In the squeaky-clean neighborhoods and good (White) schools of the Mandeville area, many thought they had escaped the problem.
Some have succumbed to the incessant media propaganda that race means nothing. They are told that if their area is clean, safe, and prosperous, it is because of its environment. In other words, if a place has a good environment, it is because it has a good environment! The media masters never point out that people of European descent, the world over, regardless of nationality or religious belief, eventually create an excellent environment where they live; while those of African descent create quite another. Demographic studies prove this. Put a sufficient number of Blacks in any geographic area of the world, even inside of advanced White nations, and regardless of the most liberal (or conservative) economic, social and racial policies, one sees inevitable consequences. Crime, drugs, poverty, corruption, venereal disease, illegitimacy and absent fatherhood become epidemic in the Black regions. The only exceptions have been in societies with strong White control, such as in the pre- “Civil Rights” American South and in South Africa before the fall of Apartheid. When Blacks have the freedom to act Black, they do so very convincingly!
To state this is not hate or prejudice, it is the naked truth. Actually, it takes a very passionate love for our people to speak the truth in this matter, for to be honest about race frequently brings real hatred and abuse upon your own head. No greater virtue exists in modem America than to hate the “haters” (meaning those who are truthful about race).
The raison d'etre of the David Duke Report is to wake up European Americans and help them have the courage to spread the truth to more of our people. We have many other projects that also rely completely on your support.
Jewish Supremacism. a new book adaptation from the Jewish section of Mv Awakening, is now in print in the Romanian language. It is already published in Russian. The entire book in original form will be in print in Romania in September. The English edition of this new work will be out as soon as I finish compiling the latest statistics for relevant sections. I am also working hard on an entirely new book. For Love of Mv People. It is a book meant to evoke love and courage from our people, the kind of great passion needed for us to prevail in this historic struggle for our survival.
The amazing thing is that we have accomplished so much even though we have had to fight for every inch of gained ground. We just went through a long and costly legal battle over our name. More importantly, the Feds still seek to manufacture some sort of case against me and try to silence my voice. They have spent millions in this effort over the last three years. Their effort is meant to intimidate and weaken my supporters, so as to cripple our work. So, please understand that your gifts and goodwill are needed more than ever at this critical time. Our vital work must go on, even accelerate, but that is only possible with your generosity. A gift of $100, or even $500 or more would help a great deal at this time. Of course, whatever you can give in personal gifts I am very thankful for, now more than ever.
The murder of this young mother must stir our souls. When our hearts boil with enough passion, our people will fight to secure our existence, our rights and our great vision for our people. Our Day will come!
At this very critical time, your personal gifts are needed more than ever, especially in the face of the massive Federal Government effort to undermine our support. Thanks again for your help! D.D.
REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1969-1992 Chapman St Tammany Parish Repubfcan PEC 1996-2000
July 28, 2001