The Truth At Last
Now Part of
The Duke Report!
TersonaCfrom Dr. TdrwarcC fieCcCs
September 23, 2008
8	w	Personal
t
I
Dear ,
I want to welcome you again to The Duke Report the publication which I have chosen to carry on the work of The Truth At Last in the remaining years of my life.
I am now reaching more advanced years and want to pass on the torch of truth to someone that I completely trust to carry on the fight: Dr. David Duke. I also believe that we must combine our forces at this critical time and make a final, all-out effort to take our country back. The time is so very late.
I have known Dr. Duke for over 35 years, marched with him, and seen firsthand his incredible work. He has earned my trust time and time again. David Duke has had real political success, has written the most convincing books of White awakening in the world, and he is most articulate leader in our Movement. Let's all get behind him and together let's make history.
I will continue to devote my final years to writing, researching, speaking and making whatever contribution I can to this Movement. I hope you feel the same w^y at this critical time in history.
The Duke Report will honor all paid subscriptions to The Truth At Last but the transition is going to be costly and demand a lot of hard work, but the merged base of the two publications should help our work be more successful. Please help make this step forward with your contribution!
There is no polite way to put it. This year's Presidential contest is a race from hell! There is no real choice for the American people in the tightly controlled two-party political swindle. On the one hand we have a Black, pro-Marxist radical who has for 20 years been a member of a viciously anti-White church. On the other hand, we have a man who leads the fight for making White people a minority in The United States of America: "Mr. Amnesty" John McCain. Both candidates are also completely controlled by the Zionists are committed to American waging eternal wars for Israel.
This election is the nadir of American politics and it comes at the same time a new government study shows that, barring a revolutionary change in American politics. Whites will become a minority by 2042. You will find Dr. Duke's lead story a brilliant piece on the threat posed by an Obama assassination. It is a danger upon which the entire fate of our people could turn.
I hope everyone reading this letter will register today for the International European American Conference being held Nov. 8 and 9 in Memphis, Tn. Dr. Duke, Willis Carto, Don Black and I will cosponsor this vital event which will be the first public response to the catastrophe of the 2008 Presidential election. We need to come together in Memphis and chart our path to taking our country back! If you can't attend at least support this important event with a generous gift. We need you.
Secondly, I ask you to support The Duke Report with the same fervor that you have supported The Truth At Last. In fact, never has your support been more important than at this critical time!
—Contributing Editor of The Duke Report
Please help us make this merger and this new and bigger organization a great success. A gift of $100, $500, or even $1000 would help our efforts greatly. As Contributing Editor I will continue to read all your . ’ letters that you address to me, and I look forward to hearing from you very soon!
Edward Fields