REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992
Chairman St Tammany Parish Republican PEC 1996-2000
Representative
David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville, LA 70471 - 985-626-7714 www.davidduke.comwww.whitecivilrights.com
December 31,2003
f
9
Dear M
You have my heartfelt gratitude for your solidarity and support during this very difficult period. You made an otherwise bleak Christmas in the American Gulag -especially meaningful to me. Thanks also for the condolences from those who were aware of my father's recent death.
The strident conditions here, the lack of one's loved ones and the alien demographics can make Christmas a pretty bleak and depressing time. It is strange to realize that I am in an American prison where English is not the prevalent language.
I did, though, have some excellent moments in December. My youngest daughter, Kristin, who studied under Professor Glayde Whitney at Florida State University, graduated with honors. Just as I was not allowed to attend my father's funeral, I could not attend her graduation. Still, her achievement was a source of satisfaction and joy for me.
I did not, however, whoop for joy when Saddam was captured, not because I have any respect for the tyrant, but because this whole war and his capture are not worth the life of a single young American fighting man. Nor is putting this man on humiliating display worth the over 9,000 casualties of U.S. troops. The media has been downplaying it, but on November 16, UPI reported that troops evacuated from Iraq due to injury or illnesses have passed 9,000. Many of our men and women have suffered loss of limbs, terrible bums and disfigurement, crippling injuries, even emasculation. Seeing Saddam humiliated does not lesson the agony and loss of those injured or killed, nor do I think that his humiliation and punishment are worth the expenditure of over 200 billion dollars of our tax money.
More importantly, this war is not worth the enormous hatred that we have generated against America and the thousands of American lives it will cost in the future, both military and civilian.
Far from making us safer, this war will do enormous harm to America and Americans. From the beginning, it wasn't a war fought for America and our interests. It was a war created by Wolfowitz, Perle, Feith, Wurmser, Kristol and ten thousand other traitors in government, media, and finance, who put the interests of Israel over that of the United States.
Although it is too late to include in this Duke Report, the Associated Press on November 29,2003, reported that, "The top U.S. intelligence analyst who supervised the production of the U.S. government's key pre-war findings on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction," came out and publicly defended himself. It turns out that he is the vice chairman of the National Intelligence Council, Stuart A. Cohen. For those unaware, the name Cohen is associated with the purest blood of the ancient Pharisees. Many Jewish scientists even claim the existence of a distinctive "Cohen gene"! This news was recently followed by the statement of an important retired Israeli general who admitted that the Israeli government purposely lied to the U.S. government in exaggerating the threat posed by Saddam Hussein.