REPRESENTATIVE SERVED 1989-1992 Bected Chairman StTammany Parish Republican Party 1996-2000
August 5,2008
Representative
Dr. David Duke
Box 188 Mandeville LA 70471 985-626-7714
JA TersonaCNote from Dr. TcfwarcC TieCds
Subscription Due!
Dear4
As the new Contributing Editor of The Duke Report. Dr. Duke has been kind enough to let me introduce myself to you. For the last 50 years I have continuously published The Truth At Last (formerly The Thunderbolts the truth our people must hear for our survival. In my more advanced years I want to pass on the torch of truth to someone that I have faith in to carry on the fight: Dr. David Duke. My belief is that our forces must unite now and that we must make a final, all-out effort to take our country back.
I have known Dr. Duke for over 35 years, marched with him, and seen firsthand his incredible work. He has earned my trust time and time again. David Duke has a proven record of real political success, has written the most convincing books of White awakening in the world, and he is most articulate leader in our Movement. Let's all get behind him and together let's make history!
To that end. The Duke Report has just added the entire mailing list of The Truth At Last. It is my gift toward this vital work. I receive no salary as Contributing Editor, I just want to devote my final years to writing, researching, speaking and doing what I can to serve this Movement. If there is any way I can help you, please contact me. I hope you feel the same way as I do, that now is the time to get serious!
There is no polite way to put it. This year's Presidential contest is a race from hell! There is no real choice for the American people in the tightly controlled two-party political swindle. On the one hand we have a Black, pro-Marxist radical who has for 20 years been a member of a viciously anti-White church. On the other hand, we have a man who leads the fight for making White people a minority in The United States of America: "Mr. Amnesty" John McCain. Both candidates are also completely controlled by the Zionists are committed to American waging eternal wars for Israel.
You will find Dr. Duke's lead story a brilliant piece on the threat posed by a possible Obama assassination. It is a danger upon which the entire fate of our people could turn.
I urge you to register today for the International European American Conference being held Nov. 8 and 9 in Memphis, Tn. Dr. Duke, Willis Carto, Don Black and I will co-sponsor this vital event which will be the first public response to the catastrophic result of the 2008 Presidential election. We need to come together in Memphis and chart our path to taking our country back! If you can't attend then I hope you will at least support this historic event with a especially generous gift. We need YOU!
Secondly, I ask you to support The Duke Report and Dr. David Duke with greater fervor than ever!
—Contributing Editor of The Duke Report
Please help us make this new and bigger organization a great success. A gift of $100, $500, or even $1000 would help our efforts greatly. As your Contributing Editor, I will be reading all your letters that you address to me, and I look forward to hearing from you very soon! —and please note that your subscription is overdue. You can receive 3 yrs for $50, a $55 savings!
Edward Fields