SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-lime readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tubel
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms."
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression,
abstaining forever from Europe’s wars.	^
Volume 3 Number 12
Self-government begins at home
http://www.gulftel.com/homefrce/_______________________________________________________December	2001
Friends of Fidel (Dow & Marshall) honor infidels, condemn their own
The wishes of media barons, as to what is expected for next weekfs news, reporters learn at meetings. 44Now get out there and find itl99
By Nick Jongebloed
Chairman, March Against Crime
When the Mobile Register brought out its big guns to attack Confederate heritage groups desiring to march in the Veterans Day Parade, that newspaper also made a frontal assault on Auburn's “all white" fraternities for a silly, may we say stupid, prank by a few flats dressed up in KICK garb with a Confederate battle flag in the background.
One of the Op Ed page writers, a black woman and editorial page keeper for the Atlanta Constitution, went on to bring up lynchings and the ML. King National Historical Site in Atlanta. She states that these Auburn students should be required to view photos of actual hangings on exhibit there, implying that such events happened “not-so-Iong-ago." Does she mean last month? Last year? Whatever “lynchings" occurred in any number was immediately after the Union Army's conquest of the Confederacy, the South being a scene of devastation, with its major cities lying in ruin, roads and rails demolished, crops and farms destroyed, women and children without husband or father and thousands of veterans returning crippled. At the same time, slaves were freed, hundreds of thousands without food, without jobs, without money, and no skills or trades; in addition, there were slaves who fled the South and joined the Federal forces. It was these black soldiers in Yankee uniforms that did more to turn Southern whites against black males than the carpetbaggers and Federal army of occupation. Their conduct was described as “outrageous" by one Northern writer, and many whites were lynched by the same soldiers as idle blacks watched and cheered. To Confederate veterans, those men who waged war against them were despised, and some were hanged after the war ended. The worst year was 1866. Such is nothing new in military history. For example, those Russians who defected and joined up with Vlasov’s forces were later captured and summarily executed, all of them having been held in contempt by the Russian people.
Another Register columnist attempting to sew together that Auburn silliness with terrorist attacks on the WTC has called such “travesties" offensive, and she uses the expression “college boys" to describe them as a group, never mind that such utterance by whites is considered “hate speech.** To further inflame with this article and wrap her claim in “patriotism," she compares their actions to Osama bin Laden and other terrorists, naming these “college boys" traitors.
Here we have two very successful black women in journalism, a profession that’s protected by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. “Congress shall make no law... abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." In the USA, at no time have the prospects and goals of black citizens been more achievable, yet never has there been so often flung at others this charge of “racism." Such assertion comes not only from the uneducated, but from blacks at the college level, both students and professors. It is disingenuous, involving race baiting, hidden agendas and verbal assaults. Indeed,
Photo by Roy S Lai Icy
The battle flag stops here, said Police Chief J. D. Kennedy, patting his police line In front of a parade contingent marching in honor of our Confederate dead. (They were Mjust following orders,** no civil rights for people not in step with MaM: Mike Dow and Mike Marshall, Mobile's mayor and the Propaganda Register's editor.) A lawsuit has been filed because of this assault on citizens' First Amendment rights.
any effort at discussion of these topics is attacked with the charge of “racism," followed by attempts at closing down all further dialogue on pathologies existing in the black community today, not 50 or 100 years ago.
Obviously, there has been serious racial turmoil in the past; we've had riots where whites attacked blacks, but long ago. In 1906, Atlanta's 150,000 population, one-third black, tangled in a race rioL The city had never before experienced one, though destroyed by Sherman's Union Army in the Civil War - because postwar leaders were focused on making money instead of race-baiting. Indeed, jn his famous speech at the Cotton States Exposition of 1895, the renowned Negro Booker T. Washington chastised blacks then demanding political and social equality. He preached Negroes could make greater progress socially and morally by working hard and winning the respect of whites. Voting rights and the abolition of segregation laws would follow.
Another Register big gun, the editorial page chieftain, charged that Confederate groups would be “unpatriotic," attempting to march in the Veterans Day parade. She enforced that argument by referring to her own father, a WW1I paratrooper wounded
at the Bastogne. Yet many members of the Confederate group have similar stories of their own relatives, admittedly going back several generations - of heroics, suffering and death in the Civil War. £eep this in mind: In attacking whites, blacks today constantly refer to Africa and slavery; and two of those politically powerful blacks in Mobile city government are seeking even African citizenship (Register, 3-15-99).
The South alone is almost daily linked witti “slavery- by so-called civil rights leaders and liberal whites, though it existed around the world for thousands of years in India, China, Greece and Rome, and today endures in black Africa. American Indians practiced the custom long before Columbus came to these shores. Few Americans or others realize that Patrick Henry in 1778 introduced the bill by which Virginia and the West, not Britain, abolished slavery. Furthermore, accepted that blacks suffered injustices in the long past: Thomas Sowell, the renowned black scholar, has written that virtually every ethnic group in the United States at one time or another knew some form of discrimination. However, as Sowell points out, no nation has done more to correct the unjust treatment of blacks, and that effort continues to this day.
One final example of Register bias: two letters to the editor, the first by a black man on November 6 and another from a retired Army Lieutenant Colonel and Senior Army Instructor at Blount High School in Prichard three days later. The black writer’s “Leaders should focus on real problems" made the point that “the real problems of the black community go unnoticed" by the media and black leaders. He then describes these problems: “...homicide rate ... rising HIV infection among black males, the appalling illiteracy of children, illegitimacy currently at a whopping 70 percent, the shameful rate of incarceration. The latter has actually become a rite of passage for many young black males in our nation." The author then concludes: “With statistics like these, how can the NAACP find time or inclination to concern itself with the Confederate battle flag?"
The Blount High School Instructor writes that his all-black student body marches in Mobile’s parades, and these “impressionable young men and women will be offended by your (the Confederate veterans groups) presence at the parade. I see no reason for your participation, except selfishness " The Instructor concludes with the slur: “Get on the bus, shut up, sit down, and don’t step on the dog."
I leave it for the reader to guess which submission received the Register staff's “Blue Ribbon" award commending a letter “especially interesting or well written." The answer? Look up their Nov. 9, 2001 --	—~	-4!
If there were less darkness in the | world. Col. Jongebloed, your talent for bringing light would be wasted!
In defense of the Montgomery Constitution
Herefs a radical, but effective, way to cut big government down to size: scrap the U.S. Constitution and replace it with the Confederate Constitution of 1861.
By James Langcuster
Alabama League of (be South (wwwdixienet.org)
AUBURN, ALABAMA - Now before you write me off as one of those eccentric old cranks still fighting the “wah," hear me out. The Confederacy lost in 1865 - that I’ll concede. What I refuse to concede is that the best constitution prevailed at Appomattox.
Sadly, many Americans have been duped into believing that the Confederacy was little more than a conspiracy by rich white guys to keep black people enslaved.
The truth is, the men who came to Montgomery in February, 1861, to draft the Confederate Constitution had a lot more on their minds than slavery. Most of them were seasoned public servants who had spent years struggling against the centralization of power in Washington. One of their chief concerns was restoring
the delicate balance of power between the states and the central government that had steadily eroded within the previous three decades.
The delegates had no intention of abandoning the American system of government. They merely wanted to fine tune it in order to bring it into closer conformity with the original intent of the Founding Fathers.
Nevertheless, the Constitution that emerged in Montgomery was a vast improvement over the old Federal Constitution and embodied the highest standards of fiscal conservatism. Under its rigid provisions. Congress was prohibited from making any general appropriation that had not been requested by the head of an executive department. The approval of two-thirds of both the Senate and the House of Representatives was required before Congress could make any appropriation of its own.
The Confederate Constitution also empowered the president with a line-item veto, a potent weapon against reckless spending that is just now being taken seriously by U.S. lawmakers.
All of these measures, strict as they were, drastically curtailed congressional spending and held the president solely accountable for public expenditures. Think about it: under such an approach, the president would have only himself to blame for runaway spending.
Pork barrel legislation, which has saddled future generations of Americans with billions of dollars of debt, was also addressed by the Montgomery Constitution. So-called “internal improvements" were strictly proscribed. In addition, all congressional appropriations had to state the exact amount and purpose of each outlay.
Cost overruns were also eliminated. Government contractors and agents were paid only what their contracts specified. Extra pay and allowances were expressly prohibited.
Under the Montgomery Constitution, presidents harboring “imperial" aspirations probably wouldn't have gotten very far. The Constitution limited the chief executive to one six-year term. With the exception of cabinet secretaries and members of the diplomatic service, (See “Wisdom," page 7)
— Rethinking the revolution —
West Florida may see gathering of Southern Nation this summer
As U.S. soldiers monitor every border except our own, and your “representatives** mind the world's business but not the job they were elected to perform - signing bills into “law** before even reading those that would repeal the Constitution in the name of “anti-terrorism" - one thing becomes clear. When this former American Union bellies up as did its Soviet counterpart. somebody has to save the South.
This newspaper has received word that the largest Southern heritage and culture event ever attempted is now in its advanced planning stages for somewhere in West Florida. We've heard that it's going to be a four-day assembly and probably in June: to bring together for the first time leaders and members from the League of the South. Sons of Confederate Veterans. Council of Conservative Citizens, United Daughters
of the Confederacy, Order of Confederate Rose and other Southern heritage groups. So far, the ruling class in Washington has managed to bluff all attempts at restoring constitutional government - by granting tax-exempt status only to the nonpolitical; i.e., organizations that support their rule.
Lately, however, with alliances in most Southern states - the Alabama Coalition for one - quietly linking the memberships
of those groups while not speaking for the whole, it's just a matter of time until this moral revival outflanks peecee censorship and becomes unmistakably visible.
Says our reliable source on the advance tip: “We're rowing together and headed downstream. Heritage preservation groups had been stymied going against the current, but now we'll become one nation again."
More on this in the next issue.
“If we can’t bluff ’em, drop charges. Don’t make me report the truth!”
New$ hound Mike Marshall9 editor of the Mobile Register and half the city's MAM duo, sniffs trouble.
By Ellen Williams
President, The Alabama Coalition
Dearest Mike.
By your column, it appears that the “flag people" irritated you. Your I-am-the-media-l and-I-know-what's-best-for-cvcryone-and-what-they-ought-to-think mask slipped.
Everybody has now seen the real face of the Editor of the Ministry of Information. We “flag people knew what was behind that mask all along. Now the world knows.
You are angry, Mike, because you've found a hard-core group of people who
won't be brainwashed into lockstepping with popular politically-correct opinion. You have failed in the mission of modem media, which is to mold opinion.
I thought journalism intended to report the news?? But, I'm just a flag person, and love to be repudiated.
You state that carrying the battle flag was inappropriate, potentially disruptive, certainly selfish. How can carrying a veterans' flag in a Veterans' Day Parade be inappropriate? It was Richard Cashdollar (an outsider) and Mayor Dow who caused the disruption.
And, as for selfish: the civil rights anthem, “We Shall Overcome," was played during that parade. Do you dare call that selfish, Mike? It was certainly
inappropriate. But, like a good underling in the Ministry of Information, you don't buck the party line, not even for truth.
You state that the disorderly conduct charge against Tim Meadows should be dropped because the “city might well lose the case." That reminds me of what Salmon P. Chase. Chief Justice of the Surpeme Court in 1865 advised. He advised the U.S. President, Seward and Stanton against giving Jefferson Davis his day in court, too, since he knew that the United States government would most likely lose the case because secession was constitutional and then the world would know that the Southern states had been illegally invaded
And you note that several other people were allowed to finish the march carrying the same flag for which Meadows got arrested. But you didn't dare say why, did you, Mike? You know why, though, don't
you? They were not arrested because they were before the crowds at the parade, while Meadows had still been in the vicinity of the parade's origin. And popular opinion was with the battle flag wavers and you and Dow and Cashdollar know it, and you didn't want those TV cameras to tell the world.
What kind of idiotic group bans one flag then allows another which incorporates that same flag within its canton?
You call the flag people clowns. I had rather be a clown than a sheep blindly following where Big Brother leads. At least a clown has individuality.
You admonish “true lovers of Dixie" to “look away." Indeed, “Look away. Dixie Land. ’’
| As the Mobile Register was unable to find space for the above letter, again this newspaper is glad to help out. - Ed.|
UNTRUSTWORTHY TRUSTEES - PART 111:
There’s a surplus, all right: of lies about the fedguv’s budget
And now for the rest of whatyoul
should know about those Old Age Security Insurance (OASI) and Disability Insurance (Dl) funds.
By Thomas H. Smith
As I have studied these now illegally combined OASI and DI reports for 16 years, here are some additional points you might wish to learn from my findings:
■	Full Payment of benefits. Refer to the Trustees Annual Report, page 14: “Assets in the combined trust funds are projected to be adequate to allow full payment of benefits until becoming exhausted in 2038.. .** Is this supposed to be a truthful statement? It is a pipe dream! This is that port of the story about which they say, "Discussion of these broader issues is not within the scope of this report."
There are no assets with which to pay benefits after 2016, other than incoming F1CA which is inadequate. But they don't want to discuss such little problems.
■	Annual Audit. Each year, a review is made of the Social Security Program by an “independent" auditor. This probably costs several million dollars. They then certify that the books of the Social Security Administration are true and correct.
A year or two ago, 1 watched a couple of congressmen and a representative of the auditing company on C-SPAN. One of the legislators poked his face close to the TV camera lens and said, “I want to assure the
The First Freedom
PO Box 385. Silvcrfaill, AL 36S76 Email: homefrce@gulftel.com Editor. Olaf Childress Correspondents: John Fender. Nick Jongebloed, Mildred Laurendinc. Mablc Lloyd, Tim Meadows, Elwin Rozyskie, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith. Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send SI2.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere In the U.S. Those interested in bulk rates, ask for terms.
Self-government begins at home Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your idem be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email is preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
American people that their social security trust fund^ money, now approaching $1 trillion, is fully and safely invested and earning 6% to 9% interest per year." He then looked to this representative of the audit firm for verification, getting a nod of the head. Considering what I've thus far demonstrated, what would we call that -show? Docs the word “fraud" come to mind? How about the waste of taxpayers' money paid to those auditors? If they can't see that $2.1 trillion is missing, we may need new auditors.
■ The new Commission to Strengthen Social Security. An initial report by this Commission to Strengthen Social Security as set up by the President says we will have to raise taxes and cut benefits. They are wrong; that is simply a copout! As long as government continues dipping into the trust fund and removing its “assets" (which by no means should be called “a surplus"), no amount of taxing and cutting benefits will resolve the problem. Well, not unless we cut the benefits to zero!
We must first restore integrity to the Social Security Administration and to our government. The Social Security trustees
The flag in these
Flying her faded glory9 America bombs the world. But you 're asked by Mobile's officials to condemn this flag that champions justice.
by Tony Wilson
At a few recent Southern heritage events, we have seen who the fair-weather Confederates are. To those folks I have one response: Don't let the doorknob hit you in the backside. We must not now, or ever, fold our Southern flags, for they are the real American flags that hold the spirit of our founding fathers and a free people. This spirit is in the blood that pumps through our veins; it is a part of us. It is who we are.
Some don't understand the feeling, but they know something is wrong with our country. What do you think Pickett's men felt just before being told to charge? They chose rather to die on their feet than live on their knees!
should start this correction by going before the American public and admitting that a huge fraud has been taking place. Then -we can begin to solve the problem with m-a-n-a-g-e-m-e-n-t, most misunderstood word in Washington!
Incidentally, in the Commission's interim report available on the Internet at ssa.gov they publish a chart entitled: “Beginning in 2016 Social Security's Costs Will Exceed Its Tax Revenue." At the bottom of that chart is a note: “Source: 2001 OASDI Trustees Report." The chart has been doctored to fit their analysis. This line on the chart is a combination of Social Security and Disability Insurance costs. They are showing a picture which fits their foregone conclusions, not facts! Is that not deliberate fraud?
For what reason do they publish a chart referring to Disability Insurance (DI) which only covers OASI? Why not use Figure II.D.4? Because it gives a picture they don) want the public to see: huge strength by the Low Cost EstimateHI!
» Conclusion. O.K.! I have done a lot of complaining about “errors" and misleading statements. Now - here arc my thoughts on
Freedom is a word we must define. What does it mean to you and yours? It seems to me that many around us use this word when it serves their purpose; but, do they know the true meaning and cost of freedom, or even how to go about being free? Will the Office of Homeland Security render us free - or just enslave us more? Can a national l.D. card bring you safety? Will suspending habeas corpus make you safe; and, if so, safe from whom?
On September 10th of this year, anyone praying in school or at a ball game could expect to be punished by law. But, next day, the emperor told us all to pray! Is it just me, or should we hand religion over to government to tell us when and to whom we might pray - even to the point of what to pray for? Why not? They already control most of our churches. Just look at one as you drive by or attend services. Likely, you will find a federal flag flying high, even above a Christian flag. To me. there is nothing more offensive! Our churches are sovereign, above any country or state whether they be north or south.
At what point will you say “Enough!**? Many of us are way past that. We see the U.S. government out of control and bound
what corrective actions might be taken with respect to Social Security, which I am giving to the Special Commissison. For any serious resolution, you first define the problem, which includes identifying past mistakes, and the Special Commission has not done much of that. For instance: Is there a superior path somewhere between the Intermediate Estimate and the Low Cost Estimate as would be shown on a true Figure 11 .D .4 after Dl were eliminated from these data; one that provides for the current benefits commitment without increasing taxes? I think there is!
In my opinion they are rushing to solutions before defining the problem.
Meanwhile, the intermediate question is Medicare/Hospital Insurance, not Social Security; and. for the long term, the real issue is our national debt and balance of trade. Let these get out of control and you can forget Social Security and Medicare no matter what this New Commission does.
Lying about “budget surpluses" will solve nothing. That is what has been going on for the past eight or nine years.
by no other authority, not even God's law. It does as it wants when it chooses and if any of us disagree, we are “unpatriotic." traitorous to Caesar himselfl
It's time for our movement to take the next step. For long we have been chopping branches off the tyrant's tree only to watch them grow back. Now we must cut the roots of that tree. Who will join us? What do we offer - states' rights? Our states and local governments are just as corrupt, if not worse, than the federal government that we wish to change or remove ourselves from.
It's time to network, attend town hall and city council meetings, county and state gatherings. We need to start showing up and participating in all of these, supporting as many candidates as are with us; not depending on just a few to do the job, the whole working together as one. It's time to get out of the wagon and help push - and push like you've never done before.
Yesterday is gone and tomorrow is only a few hours away. Now that we have got rid of the deadwood, let's start planting the seeds of a free South.
Tony Wilson is I he Chairman. Baldwin County, Alabama. League of the South
Tom Smith is a retired government whistle-blower living in Fair hope. Alabama
times: our next move
December 2001 The First Freedom 3
Scalawag
Cashdollar for whose public safety?
Sk*
IWI of the month
Mobile Public Safety Director Richard Cashdollar, welcome to the Scalawags' Hail of Shame. On orders from M&M, you dispatched Chief J. D. Kennedy and a squad of police officers to block a legally assembled marching unit from continuing in the Veterans Day parade November 12. Because of the dumb idea that Confederates don't count as veterans. May we speak to you as a public servant for the sovereign state of Alabama - and not Albania?
The media outdid themselves this time. Never has their hot breath for war caused so many flags to wave so furiously.
But those same liberal diatribes caused misinformed Americans to vilify returning Vietnam veterans back when they still had hopes that Russia or China would lead their secret agenda to its denouement. First, the mediacracy had maneuvered us into a war
Editor Oiif Childress (r.) asks Public Safety Director Richard Cashdollar to explain why he has not returned calls during the week before Mobile’s Veterans Day parade and which taw forbids the flag on his shoulder.
exactly on the opposite side of the world, where our supply lines would be extended the maximum; then we were demoralized
to slink home. Why do you suppose they now salute Vietnam vets with both hands?
Mr. Cashdollar, you are not naTve, just reconstructed, and Team M&M needs such “patriotism” as jumps on board for invading small countries around the world; most especially those targeted to become Israeli provinces (the big ol’ U.S. already being in their pocket). Let us assume you’re honest, big enough to admit error. A public officer having now been shown why veterans are finally accorded their just dues (because Team M&M needs glamour for its “War on Terrorism”), you are invited to apologize to Tim Meadows and others you tried to stop from honoring all Alabama's veterans. When Mayor Mike Dow visits communist Cuba and Mike Marshall of the Communist Register approves - that ought to tell you something, man!	□
Coosa County for citizens* safety; squirrels beware!
Opening eyes and dosing borders By Lloyd A. Caperton
There were those who feared some kind of new tenorist attack on Halloween. I was confident enough to predict that such was unlikely. As with Y2K, “surprises” don’t happen when people expect them.
The bad thing about it all is that we really don't know who or what to believe anymore regarding current events. It has been proven that the U.S. knew in advance of the impending attack on Pearl Harbor, but did nothing because Roosevelt, who had promised neutrality, wanted an excuse to enter WWII. Since that time, the government and major news media have gotten less reliable when it comes to truth, not more.
My sister, who used to live in New York City, worked in the World Trade Center as a secretary in the late seventies and early eighties shortly after it was built. She now
ptHtTom's Fish Camp & Boat Launch In beautiful West Coosa County on Lay Lake Live Bah & Boat Rentals Good Southern Hospitality Cabin & Lot Rentals y~ j Bring your family or yourself for a day or a weekend
2S6-24S-8020 ofrel"n“i“"
1060 Little Tom's Road - Clanton, Alabama 35046
resides in Vancouver, B.C. To me, living in a place like that, as the Hank, Jr. song says, would be about the same as being in hell but still being alive. Their lifestyles are as different from mine as someone from another planet.
One of my fears is that if this terrorism keeps up, many more of those in big cities will want to come live here; and they won't wish to live as we do, they will expect us to be like theirs. I've studied the agenda of the United Nations/New World Order for years. The main reason I have, and do, is that their goal is to gradually do away with small business people and farmers such as myself, so I have a personal interest.
They would have most everyone live in a place like New York City and work for* big international corporation, the rural areas being controlled by large timber and agribusiness giants, not private companies and landowners. Some people wouldn't mind, and might even prefer this.
1 don't! Also, large tracts of land would be set aside for wilderness and international biosphere reserves, as has already been done in many places. Entrance to these areas is restricted. I'm all for preserving the environment, but just not their way. Another NWO objective, from what I understand, is that the elite who control things believe the world is overpopulated
and they are said to have been working on various methods to drastically reduce the population worldwide.
Agreed, that’s a problem; however, I don’t like some of the population control methods they’ve discussed. But maybe this germ warfare scare really is Bin Ladin and his team of goat herder terrorists who just got lucky and stole somebody else's bioengineered Anthrax. If so, that which has already happened with the Anthrax will be about as far as it probably will go. If not, then we may learn about world population reduction first hand.
Either way, things won't be near as bad in Coosa County as in a big city. Right now I'm thinking about going to my farm and reducing the population of a few squirrels for supper. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka, AL CSA 35183 <256)249-9100
Cask Loans Pawn • Boy Sell • Trade
Guns • Tools Elect rooks Jewelry
IJSb.1 Farm Raised -Yon Catch” Catfish Confederate Shirts, Caps Belt Buckles | All 6 flags
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Stickers • Beverages • Tobacco | Building erected in I8S3 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner—CapeCSA@aol.com ______Treasurer, Alabama League of the South
no hospitality at Tillmans Comer
Shoney’s shame:
Totalitarian ignorance is when a peaceful and lawful group isn V allowed to remain in a public place.
By Olaf Childress
Let’s face it; the League of the South (LS), this tabloid newspaper, and dissent from the imperial line today in general - is radical. On Nov. 15, Shoney’s at Tillmans Comer just outside Mobile disrupted and ejected the League from its regular monthly meeting when three of the Mobile chapter's members, having a last-minute smoke outside before entering, greeted an arriving waitress plus two others and, when these stopped briefly to chat, handed them free sample copies of this paper.
The management didn’t even show enough courtesy to speak with the group directly, simply adding insult to injury by summoning two Mobile Police patrol units as intermediaries. Shoney’s had known all along that The First Freedom was being dispensed at these meetings in strapped bundles to members only for distribution elsewhere - at churches, etc. - but never to the restaurant’s other customers.
The cops who got called into that dirty little job of ethnic cleansing, remembering Mayor Dow's intolerance of Confederate flags at the Veterans Day parade three days earlier, were sympathetic but would not themselves, out on the parking lot, even touch a copy of this controversial defender of everybody's rights, didn't want it in their
patrol wagons. Totalitarian ignorance! (See “Mobile honors vets of media-approved wars only,” page 4, for the extreme bigotry of today’s political correctness.)
Being forced to adjourn our meeting, we agreed there was more true diversity in this country fifty years ago when a sidewalk preacher could shout his lungs out in any Southern city standing in front of any store or restaurant, and a radical but lawful freak show might even plaster its announcement posters on every power pole in town.
No one would have been quicker than the members of this group to defend Shoney’s right to refuse themselves or anyone else admittance, and for whatever reason, except - that it was clear Shoney’s had never excluded the same individuals if, like the politically correct these days, they had been advocating bombing the world into totalitarian ignorance, paving the way for this American Empire's mission of “exporting democracy.”
Then, if you’re willing to risk the abuse that goes with getting involved and becoming a distributor of 200 copies each issue, send $20 for one month or $100 for six months of The First Freedom to P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576. All who can take the heat are welcome.
No Mobile LS chapter assembly has been scheduled for December as we go to
press, and a location for January's meeting is presently undecided. It will not be at a Shoney’s, though.
As reports of Mobile’s War on Heritage went out via the Internet (Monday’s arrest of Tim Meadows for having a battle flag in the Veterans Day Parade and Thursday’s eviction of this League chapter), offers to picket in front of Shoney’s began pouring in, and a civil rights lawsuit against the city was undertaken. Local LS chairman Bob Taylor then responded, however: “About Shoney’s, If anyone wants to know what I think of that place, I will tell them. As for me, I will never set foot in another of their establishments. Picketing or any other such measure I believe would only be a ‘feel good' operation and would probably have no effect on the ‘sheople’ who don’t seem to understand anything.” If any of you who are reading here for the first time about local businesses and elected officers bowing and scraping before the Mobile Register s political pressures would like to attend a Mobile County League of the South meeting, please call 251-633-8744 or contact this newspaper. We’ll keep you posted.
www.gulftel.com/homefree/ invites you to visit with our Internet
Fellow Travelers
www.shucks.net/
www.southemcaucus.org/
Ifc _ www.eagleforum.org/
The First Freedom asks you to accept
its I SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNINO: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience I severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
a different slant on the news
Here's what was Ignored or nstareported elsewhere
AN IDOL OF MANY HANDS, political correctness; as Mobile Register reporter Frances Coleman bubbled on 11-11-01: “It was a many-handed debate. On the one hand, the parade is funded with public money, meaning its organizers shouldn’t be discriminatory. On the other hand, to many Americans the Confederate battle flag is a symbol of racial oppression. On another hand. Veterans Day is meant to commemorate all veterans of all American wars, including the Civil War. And on yet another hand, in previous years, nobody demanded to be able to march with the battle flag. Why now?” Heh, hch! Gotta hand it to you, Frances. You got us there.
THE CASHDOLLAR STOPS HERE. Famed Southern Legal Resource Center attorney Kirk Lyons has announced he will prosecute a lawsuit against the city of Mobile, Public Safety Director Richard Cashdollar and the Veteran’s Day Commission on the grounds that Tim Meadow and the McKinstry Camp Sons of Confederate Veterans had their civil and constitutional rights violated, false imprisonment and excessive force having been used against the SCV marchers on orders of Mobile Mayor Michael Dow. Tim Meadows was released on $250 cash bond and scheduled to appear in court December 17. After his release, he was taken to a local hospital and treated for two sprained wrists.
TITLE TOO INFLAMMATORY? The Dorchester County, S.C. Library Board says that a book refuting current history which is twisted about the Civil War, “The South Was Right!,” doesn't belong on its shelves. It was written by two Sons of Confederate Veterans brothers, James and Walter Kennedy, whose thesis is that the South had a right to be a free nation and much of what is taught about the Confederacy is false. Some fifty mostly SCV members pleaded for the board to approve the book recently. Library director Mickey Prim is reviewing it, and will make a recommendation to the board shortly.
THEY SHALL RETURN. Ten Beta Theta Pi frats booted from Auburn U. for wearing racially-offensive costumes may continue classes pending university disciplinary actions, Lee County Circuit Court Judge Robert Harper has ruled. The Delta Zeta chapter of Beta Theta Pi and The Beta Corporation, a non-profit organization, had filed the suit against Auburn.
“JEWISH SUPREMAC1SM: My awakening on the Jewish Question.” David Duke's timely new book was released as an e-book November 30, 2001. This English version of the book, being translated into a dozen languages, is already a best-seller in Russia - even selling in the halls of the Duma (the Russian Parliament) Jewish Supremacism is available as an e-book in Adobe Acrobat PDF format or Microsoft E-book. It costs $ 14.95 after Dec. 15th, but right now has a pre-publication price of $11.95. To look at Jewish Supremacism. visit: Pre-Order David Duke's new book. “Jewish Supremacism” today at: http://www.duke.org/supremacism/
ALABAMA GAMBLING IS BACK. In August Judge Wayne Thorn declared video poker games illegal and shut down these machines across the state. They’re reopening, gambling interests quoting Attorney General Bill Pryor’s opinion challenging the constitutionality of the “Chuck E. Cheese Law,” which allowed slot arcades in the first place. That act legalized machines awarding trinkets in “games of skill” to kids at restaurants like Chuck E. Cheese. Pryor’s opinion, on which Judge Thorn had based his ruling, said video poker was a game of skill. This is contrary to the situation in most other states, which have viewed these machines as illegal gambling.
— Mobile
Mayor Dow honors vets of media-approved wars only
Veterans Day 2001 and the flags were flying. But, strangely, Mobile chose to shame its own battle flag-for which more Alabamians have died than all the others.
By Olaf Childress
“No man has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another, and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him. ... the idea is quite unfounded that on entering into society we give up any natural rights.”
— Thomas Jefferson, from a letter to Francis W. Gilmor, July 7,1786
This power enjoyed by the mediacracy is to wonder at Just think: if the victors had not been writing our textbooks these many years, it would be common knowledge that only the Confederate flag is indigenous, all those others having been imposed from outside.
The morning of Monday, November 11, Tony Wilson and I walked up to the parade assembly area carrying two 3x5 battle flags. Seeing an unusual number of police at the entrance, we quickly tossed our gear onto a rebel pickup just then driving in. (Those who would remain free have learned vigilance sometimes means thinking fast)
With colors aloft, we who had come to honor the South's forgotten heroes were soon united in one spot awaiting directions from the parade master. Would he be astute
“All laws which are repugnant to the Constitution are null and void.” - Marbury vs. Madison, 5 US (2 Cranch) 137,174,176, (1803)
and guided by the Constitution, or cowed before the Mobile Register k establishment line? Ah, reader, you know the answer as well as I. Truth lies somewhere out there in the future, this morning's pending skirmish merely an act of faith.
So here he came, police at elbow—Dick Cashdollar, Public Safety Kommissar. And no new instructions. ‘‘Those battle flags do not march in this parade! Anybody that wants to cany the First or Third National can fall in behind the Boy Scouts, lane six just before that truck: last parade position.”
When Reggie Phillips and 1 asked Mr. Cashdollar why he hadn't returned our calls during the preceding week so that we might discover which law forbids honoring Mobile veterans of all wars, he replied, “Yes, I’ve received quite a few lately.” (His number is 251-208-7699.)
Now famed civil rights attorney Kirk Lyons of Black Mountain, North Carolina spoke up; for he had come all the way to Mobile at Reggie's request looking for the same answer: “Mr. Cashdollar, can we march in this parade if we roll up our flags?”
“Yes,” the reply. “But put them out of sight Only the First and Third National may be visible.”
“Well, gentlemen. I'm rolling mine up and moving over to the assigned area,” said Mr. Lyons. Which we all did, though 1 was at first disappointed in him; also in others for suggesting we might march with empty flagpoles. Then I suddenly discovered that vigilance also means thinking smart.
Kirk Lyons: “Not telling anybody what to do, but I'm unrolling my battle flag when the parade starts and marching with it I will never touch a policeman, for that might be photographed and reported as an assault. Anytime detained by an officer, 1*11 ask, ‘Am I under arrest or free to go?* and, if not charged with a specific crime. I'll walk around him and continue on my
If yon received this issue as a free sample copy, and realize the urgency of getting a second opinion on what the establishment calls news, please subscribe. The First Freedom can't survive and grow without you. Don’t have $12 to spare? Then pretend you are the government Spend it anyway!
way.
As the parade started moving out we quickly assembled into a circle holding hands, Mr. Lyons’ last-minute prayer for truth and justice being followed by amens and “God save the South!”
Then forming up behind several troops of Boy Scouts in that enclosed Municipal Auditorium parking area, our battle flags flying, we were ready to march. Beside me in the front row stood Kirk Lyons and Tim Meadows. TV cameras wandered about this small group like vultures looking for carrion, but these were live troops like the Scouts up front, and no less determined to face those who would impugn our morals and destroy our heritage. Mr. Lyons needs no introduction, Tim is an SCV member and chairman of Mobile County Council of Conservative Citizens (for information on joining this group, call 251-649-2236).
Mobile’s Public Safety Director Richard Cashdollar having decided the contingent would not leave that parking area with those battle flags. His Correctness saying it was either the First or Third National or; nothing — as the last Scout troop entered the march route and we approached the street. Police Chief J.D. Kennedy threw a line of brainwashed SWAT types across in .front of us, ordering that we disband peacefully.
Attorney Lyons cited our Constitutional rights, and I reminded those stem young faces that theirs was here the same decision Hitler’s SS troops had faced when ordered to end freedom for a short-lived German Republic. Not a one of them blinked.
Somehow, Mr. Meadows had slipped past and was about to march behind the Scouts, when a couple of those zombies grabbed and forced him into a (cleverly unmarked) sedan (the shield on any one of those patrol cars contains the evil flag, and would have been seen on national TV that
“In the beginning of a change, the patriot is a scarce and brave man, hated and scorned. When his cause succeeds however, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a patriot”
— Mark Twain
evening). Yes, they want it both ways, and will nurse any version the Mobile Register concocts.
1 handed my 3x5 battle flag to a lady behind me and walked through the police cordon to take Tun’s flag into safekeeping as they stuffed him into the sedan for a trip to jail. Lt. John McClain then took it and said, “I'll give this to you once you’re back inside the parking lot.'* When I got back in formation, that flag had been confiscated and was gone.
As orders were whispered up and down the Gestapo line (for they had not counted on several prominent lawyers showing up), Mr. Lyons suddenly started marching off toward the northern gate singing “Dixie.” Sure, he’s a character, all real people are; and they exhibit more real character than any line of yesmen. We quickly fell in, got back into step as he called cadence, myself chiming in with, “You had a good home but you LEFT,” etc., and we were out ampng the populace before a befuddled police chief could say Ten-HUT!
Marching west on Government Street behind the sidewalk crowd for three blocks as the main parade came eastward, we hoisted ’em high each time when a veteran commander or any of the onlookers saluted us, the poor TV cameramen panting to keep up. As a few new world orderlies tried to stop us near the Government Plaza reviewing stand, we split up - moving swiftly westward, then cutting back north to the parade route just in time to find a spot and see half the parade, completely isolated from those storm troopers among the huge crowd.
When the Scout troops came along, we quickly got organized and fell back in behind. As I saw how many onlookers were cheering us, 1 started slapping hands along the side, about half and half, racially speaking. Sure, a few of the brainwashed
Photo by Olaf Childress
Tim Meadows (white shirt and tie) is received by several friends outside Mobile jail: Reggie Phillips, right, and Kirk Lyons, In background wearing hat
among them glowered, but then that fat black lady who ran out and gave me a bear hug made my day.
Back at the parade assembly area, the Gestapo had retreated. Talk show host Shane McBryde along the parade route had asked me, “Do you expect to get arrested when it’s over?” “For what?” I replied. “We have a right to be here!” At this time Kirk Lyons gave his interview and the TV cameramen could finally catch their breath. He agreed to be on Shane's all-afternoon program after we sprang Mr. Meadows. Half an hour and $250 bond posted by the Isaac Newton Mobile SCV Camp later, having determined that Tim’s injuries suffered as he was being arrested should be looked after, we convoyed to the hospital. The extent of his injuries had not yet been determined when I first posted the story on the Internet, while Mr. McBryde was interviewing Mr. Lyons and some of those who had marched with their battle flags earlier that day. We’ll update you on this in our next issue.
“Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains or slavery? Forbid it. Almighty God! I know not what I course others may take but as for me: GIVE ME LIBERTY! or give me death!”
___________-PatrickHenry \
Dredging our pockets — Dog River, a horsey idea
Robbing Peter, Paul and Mary, Tom, Dick and Harry to pay for Sonny 9s lunchtime convenience. By Thomas H. Smith
According to a Sound Off article in the newspaper across the bay. Congressman Sonny Callahan was overheard in a local Dog River restaurant bragging he would soon cruise from his home on Dog River to that restaurant without getting in his car. For such ease, he had padded the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers budget $2 million. President Bush tried to cut the Corps' budget this year by $500,000,000, but Callahan and other pork-loving congressmen are fighting to restore this money in order to finance similar pet projects in their home areas. However, my disappointment with Sonny Callahan goes back years, and
is,in regard to a more serious problem.
In 19931 attended a meeting at Fairhope Civic Center in which the congressman was receiving input from constituents. Given occasion to speak, my subject was the U.S. national debt I carried a 30" x 40" chart up front showing the national debt growth from 1790 to 1950 reflecting the end of World War II debt: $259 billion. Then I attached a long roll of graph paper extending the debt up to the end of FY 1992. As I unrolled the chart paper, it went down one side of the conference room and across the back. The scale on that chart was T = $ 10 billion, its total length just over 33 feet. The entire debt as of October 1992 was $4 trillion.
I asked Mr. Callahan what he planned to do to reduce spending and stop debt growth. He replied Congress was aware of
the problem, but cuts were unnecessary; with spending constant, inflation would increase the amount of annual tax income and soon we would have a surplus, could pay down the debt.
Nine years later as of October 16,2001, the national debt had reached a new high: $5,820,976,918,375.44. The Congressional Budget Office forecasts that by the year 2012 it will be $6.7 trillion. I believe we’ll reach that total well before then. Mr. Callahan's plan is a failure! He writes how wonderfully the Republicans have done not only balancing the budget, but creating a huge surplus.
He knows this so-called “surplus” is simply robbing the trust funds; yet, all he contributes to the effort is mindlesa spending. I think it's time we found some new faces to represent us in Congress.
Mobile Republicans say, keep Alabama Constitution
Is it possible this GOP out in the boondocks is waking up and may send a potent word to the Empire?
By Olaf Childress As Austin Rainwaters called to order the November Republican Party meeting, real diversity sat down front in the persons of freshly defeated independent mayoral candidate George Clarke, Citizen John Burke, Friends of the Flag founder Ben George and myself. Other conservatives were at the committee tables, such as talk radio's Kelly McGinley. No more business as usual. And, since we are all familiar with the GOP’s wanderings from its principles (Samuel Francis calls it the Stupid Party), let me report a few glimpses of hope. These well-meaning public servants may cease aiming for all that ultra diversity in 2002 and return to their natural constituency. For
instance, the party was hearing the people.
Dante Piccini: “Now let’s look at the positive side of WTC. No more attacks on the Second Amendment; the public mood is back to God and lower taxes. Terrorists, how did you do it? Thank you!”
Jim Zeigler: “Governor Don Siegelman wastes millions. That’s the issue we must take to the Wal-Mart voters. We need a tough monitor on wasteful spending. No State Auditor has ever done this, though the power to do so is in our state constitution. My mission is to enforce those neglected duties and stop the waste.”
Sen. Hap Myers: “[Governor candidate U.S. Rep.] Bob Riley's district is targeted by Siegelman’s redistricting to become Democrat, and they have appropriated one million dollars to defeat [AL Sen.] George Callahan. We must stop these efforts.” Rep. Chris Pringle: “We’ve got to come
back to our Republican constituency. The Democrats now control all committees, so $800,000 has been approved for paving roads - in their districts only.”
Les Barnett, past chairman and present executive committee member: “To George Bush Senior, Fob James and others calling themselves Republicans but who did not fight against tax increases, I say: ‘Convince me first, or do not look for office here.’ And let us also announce to the public that we are opposing this current Democrat drive to rewrite our state constitution.” Oppose the "progress " of a constitution rewrite? Getting in front of that mediacracy steamroller made a few members nervous, so Chairman Rainwaters put it to a vote. Barnett’s unequivocal position carried, pleas to table the motion “for further study” being vastly outnumbered.
Maybe the Stupid Party is wising up! □
December 2001 The First Freedom 5
— The South —
Some thoughts on the present tyranny
H. L. Mencken has observed that |The average man doesn V want to be free. He wants to be safe. ”
By Dr. J. Michael Hill
President, The League of the South
To be 44safe" these days, one must keep his mouth shut and avoid criticizing Washington’s handling of the present crisis. However, there are those who apparently value their First Amendment right to speak truth to power enough to risk being branded a "domestic terrorist'* by the imperial regime. Among those few who have dared question the federal government’s actions since 11 September, there have developed at least two schools of thought First, there is the line that says the government had prior knowledge of the terrorist attacks and allowed them to happen in order to emasculate the Constitution and Bill of Rights. This group subscribes to Frederic Bastiat’s (a nineteenth-century French political economist) belief that governments seek to increase their power
by Mcreating the poison and the antidote in the same laboratory;” thus, government either creates or exacerbates problems which then require statist "solutions.” The U. S. government’s ultimate objective, according to this line of thought, is to use "terrorism” to disarm the citizenry and to empower the New World Order at the expense of American national sovereignty.
Second, there is the school that posits that the government's actions since 9-11 reveal that the Empire, beset all around by fear and confusion, is actually crumbling before our eyes. All that it does in response to the crisis is done in a desperate attempt to hold on to its dwindling power.
1 do not know which - if either - of these scenarios is accurate. However, one thing is beyond doubt, and that is the imperial regime in Washington has taken advantage of the situation to assume powers that the Founders never intended for it to possess. By forcing through Congress H. R. 3162 (the misnamed U.S.A. Patriot Act of 2001), sight unseen before the vote by our esteemed Solons according to Congressman Ron Paul (R-Texas) and others, the Feds have put in place the blueprint for a police state. And remember, these folks don't bother to pass laws that they don’t intend to enforce against someone.
All the while, the lapdog national media have provided propaganda cover for the regime's power-grab. The great majority of the American people — including many Southerners - has succumbed to a mania of blind "patriotism” (i.e., "nationalism”) as evidenced by the millions of federal flags now adorning their vehicles and domiciles. Little do they realize that our blood-bought liberty is being sacrificed in the name of liberty’s defense.
As Southerners who advocate the rule of
law, how shall we respond to this latest (and perhaps most serious) federal usurpation of our Constitutional rights? In my opinion, we must start by using our State governments (the lesser magistrates), as corrupt and supine as they are, to impose a barrier between the imperial regime’s tyrannical acts and their own citizens. To do this, we must insist that our governors, legislatures, and attorneys general employ the doctrines of Nullification and Interposition. We should demand that they fulfill their oaths of office and act immediately to adopt ordinances nullifying the operation and execution of H. R. 3162 within the borders of our sovereign States. Moreover, we must insist that our State officials resist all federal attempts to enforce its provisions, via the arrest of federal agents.
We must also demand that the chief law enforcement officers in our States file suit against the federal government, challenging the unconstitutional provisions of H. R. 3162 and other usurpations of our rights. Any State officials who ignore our redress of grievances and refuse to protect their citizens against this encroaching tyranny should be subjected to recall and/or hounded mercilessly in every public venue open to us.
The Beast on the Potomac is finally revealing its true nature. We thus live in extremely dangerous times. Therefore, we can act as sheep and blindly follow the dictates of our "leaders,” or we can be lions in defense of our God-given liberties. As for The League of the South, we choose to follow the latter course. We will, with God's help, live as free men and women and will never consent to wear the chains of servitude that the illicit regime in Washington is now forging for us. As our ancestors were wont to say. Sic Semper Tyrannis!
ly flak'd Chri&tmm& Mlaotien Rj hot, S hotter’n hottest One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce | $9.00 S3 00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397
PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
Southern Anthem
Words by Pal Baughman A free Southern people with malice toward none. Our nation is rising under a Southern sun.
The heritage we honor, our pride fills the air. Proud to be Christians, our God we will share. Wake up Dixie and join in the fray.
They'll never take our flag away.
Marching together hand-in-hand.
We are the people of the Southland.
Freedom forever! A new South will rise.
We ’ll live together under free Southern skies. Let's teach our children the true history.
Teach our neighbors so they, too, will see.
For our Southern rights and our Southern ways. Let's all live all of our Southern days.
Wake up Dixie and join in the fray.
They'll never take our flag away.
Marching together hand-in-hand.
We are the people of the Southland.
Freedom forever! A new South will rise.
We 'll live together under free Southern skies Our forefathers fought for truth, honor and right We remember their battle, we remember their fight Let's return God to His place in this land.
Let a Southerner be a truly moral man.
Wake up Dixie and join in the fray.
They'll never take our flag away.
Marching together hand-in-hand.
We are the people of the Southland Freedom forever! A new South will rise.
We 'll live together under free Southern skies.
To hear, or purchase, the album Confederate Spirit. which contains other songs and the Southern Anthem. go to http://www.palmetto.org/ or send a check for SI7.75 to The League Building, 107 N. Main Street Abbeville, South Carolina 29620.
Florida League of the South chairman unimpressed with media pixies
Compatriots:
The other day 1 had one of those interesting phone calls you can only get from a member of the press. This reporter, a writer for the New York Times, called on the premise of wanting information on organizations which believe their members’ children should be educated in racially segregated schools. The conversation went something like this: Reporter "Mr. Watters, this is Angela from the New York Times. If you don’t mind, could I have a few minutes of your timer Mac: "Sure, go ahead.”
Reporter. "Mr. Watters I am trying to put together a story on organizations that believe in racially segregating schools. Could you tell me about organizations which believe in this policy or direct me to some that have this belief?”
Mac: “Well, you might try contacting the Aryan Nations or the Ku Klux Klan. I understand they have this belief. But, please bear in mind, I am going on information published and reported in the news media. I have no firsthand knowledge of exactly what either one of these organizations believe or do.”
Reporter. "But, Mr. Watters doesn’t your own organization promote this belief?” Mac: “No.”
Long pause of silence.
Reporter: “But, Mr. Watters, your organization is listed as a hate group.” Mac: "By whom, Morris Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center?”
Reporter "Well, yes. That is the source I am using.”
Mac: “Do you realize that neither Morris Decs nor Mark Potok has ever spoken with any of our national leadership? And as far as I know they have never spoken with any of our state leaders.”
Reporter “No, I wasn't aware of that” Mac: "And why are you calling me? Why didn’t you contact one of our national leaders? They are all listed on our national website and our national headquarters even has a toll free number. Dr. Michael Hill,
our president, or Dr. Thomas Fleming who is editor of the Chronicles Magazine, or Dr. Clyde Wilson who is Professor of Southern History at the University of South Carolina, or the Reverend Steven Wilkins who is the pastor of Auburn Avenue Presbyterian Church, or Mr. Donald Kennedy who is a nationally known author or Mr. Jack Kershaw who is a well-known attorney and artist; all of these men are members of the national Board of Directors and are not hard to get in touch with.”
Reporter. “Well ... I was looking at a publication of the Southern Poverty Law Center and it had your state listed as the most active and fastest growing chapter of the League of the South. So I decided to call you.”
Mac: “Well, I can assure you, out of the twenty-seven state chapters in the League of the South, Florida is neither the most active nor the fastest growing. Although I do wish that were true, certainly Georgia and South Carolina easily have us beat” Reporter “So, Mr. Watters, you would not classify your organization as a hate group, or racist?”
' Mac: “Hardly. How could you classify a group as racist that has members of all races? And how could you classify a group as a hate group which hates no one? Our organization is made up of some the finest people I know, people I am proud to call my compatriots and friends. It is made up of people who are of all religions, races and backgrounds and people who are dedicated to one thing ... freedom. Our members are very well educated. They know what their inheritance is and are willing to fight for it. Our members are also educated well enough to know they can't believe everything they see in print. They search out the truth about a question and verify its answer. Unlike numerous reporters 1 have spoken with, our members do not make hasty judgments about people.”
Reporter: "But, Mr. Watters, it’s all over the Internet that the League of the South is a hate group.”
Mac: "Well, I would appreciate it if
you would direct me to the sites you are looking at. I have not seen anything negative about the League except at Morris Dees' site.”
Reporter: “I don’t seem to have that information in front of me right now.” Mac: “You can’t remember one site, other than the Southern Poverty Law Center?”
Reporter: “Perhaps I am going on what I have been told by others.”
Mac: “So, as a reporter, you go on hearsay?”
Reporter “No, Sir. When I do an article I print the facts.”
Mac: “Well, it doesn’t appear you have your facts in order, does it? I mean, really, I am not trying to be mean to you, but if I were going to write an article about a national organization, I personally would start by interviewing the main leaders. I would not start by contacting a lowly state chairman, who can't speak for the national organization to begin with. It would be like asking me about the policies of the Catholic church. Even though I am a member, I can’t speak for the Church. You would need to interview a Bishop or higher. Now, if you want to know what is going on in Florida, as far as the League is concerned, that is a different subject, and we can have a good conversation. But to call with predetermined ideas of what the League is, and without having an interest in what the League does, is just stupid in my opinion. 1 mean, what is so hard about reading our national website or our publications and believing what is printed there? Why was it easier for you to read Morris Dees* information, and believe him and not us? Or, have you even read our site?” Reporter: "Well, 1 have looked at it.” Mac: "Did it say we were racist? Or did you find anything that indicated we hated someone?”
Reporter "No, sir.”
Mac: "Well, what does that tell you about your reporting?”
Reporter: "Mr. Watters, I thank you for your time and I will look into this further
and perhaps get back with you later. Thank you again for your time.”
Mac: "O.K., well, call again if you have questions concerning Florida. I feel certain I can help-you there. Bye, bye.”
Reporter "Bye ”
Compatriots, a line in the movie, “The Sixth Sense.” goes something like this: "I see dead people, they are everywhere and they talk to me. Please help me.” Well, compatriots, “I see stupid people; they are everywhere, and they talk to me. Please help me!”
Of a large segment of people in this country, educated beyond their intelligence,
I would say they were ignorant if I thought that word fit. It doesn't Most of them have some form of education, but they are just too lazy to think for themselves. They believe what they want to believe without verifying the information they have before them. Just like the reporter in this example, they are unwilling to educate themselves to the truth of any given subject Look around you. This country is full of them: stupid people.
There are stupid people who believe the League of the South is some sort of racist or hate group. People who believe God is generic, that the government is something they should love, people who believe the government will save them, who place all their trust in 535 "representatives” in Washington, D.C.; stupid people, who do not fear God; and, last but not least, stupid people who believe what reporters like the one who called me write. Stupid people!
Compatriots, this gives me great hope
that we’ll win! We’re smarter than they!
Their stupidity should take them out of
the equation. That is, considering they
don’t beat us by sheer numbers.
Your compatriot and obedient servant,
Mac Watters, State Chairman
Florida League of the South www.frceflonda.org
"The difference between Democrats and Republicans is that under Democrats, man exploits man. Under Republicans, it's just the reverse.” - Idaho Republican Liberty Caucus
— A growing police state —
“Citizen, Can I See Your ID?”
The choice is yours. Whether you like it or nol9 the decision is now. Claim you don9t see il9 thaCs one option. Admit the challenge9 but say nothing can be done about it9 is another. Those who elect the third path will gather this summer.
By Al Martin
http://www.iaforma m crica.com/news
What has not been explained to the American people is the reason why 35,000 Army Reservists and 65,000 National Guard have been called up. It Is to maintain internal checkpoints. It has nothing to do with the external " War on Terrorism. " All of these people are being trained at the U.S. Army School of Urban Control at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. CNN actually showed an urban training mock-up, what they’re training on, and what the new Internal Security checkpoint is going to look like. It was mighty sinister looking.
There was a barrier that went across the road. To the right was a raised, shed-like structure, elevated perhaps fifteen feet in the air. It had a small second story that was open. On it was a sign that said: “Homeland Security Internal Checkpoint.” There were sandbags, and the wooden arm that crossed the road read, “100% ID Checked.” Then a little structure to the right, which had a small barbed wire area behind, displayed the sign, “All citizens not having proper identification will be detained. All foreign nationals will be detained. All citizens who are deemed to be acting in a suspicious manner will be detained.” At each of these posts, there will be six armed Army or National Guard reservists with M-16 and full field kit On top of the structure to the rear, above the open one, there’s a man with a machine gun emplacement
Shown was the actual mockup used for training purposes. These troops weren’t in their regular uniforms; all wore new outfits. It’s gray with a gray helmet and a visor so you can’t see their eyes. The only thing you see is from their lips down. That they say, is “to prevent any retribution” from people who don’t like this new idea.
The uniform looked exactly like the Imperial Storm Troopers from “Star Wars” except instead of white, it was gray. All the helmets have little transceivers so they can communicate with each other. There will be six guards at each internal security checkpoint And there’s another warning on the inside of the barbed wire enclosure: “Any detainees attempting to escape will be shot.” This was a yellow and red sign inside the detainment area.
The only person who actually spoke on camera during this story was an Army Reservist sergeant You could tell that he completely disagreed with what was going on. You couldn’t hear the question asked, but he was looking at the camera and said, “We’re here to protect the people.” Then he put his face down and shook his head, and you could see he didn’t believe a word of what he was saying - like it was some big peeceejoke.
Next, they showed the procedure used to train these guys. An average American car, a Ford or Chevy, drives up and there’s supposed to be a husband and wife in the front seat plus a couple of kiddies in the back. A corporal approaches the vehicle and says, “May I see your identification, citizen?”
Everyone is “citizen.” I swear to God, I’m not making this up. The corporal asks for a driver’s license, next something else, and still more; finally saying, “Very good, citizen.”
PLEASE ADVERTISE I your business in The First Freedom Sure, we put out this newspaper because somebody had to do it, and it’s all our pleasure knowing what we’re doing is right But, we could use some extra help in reaching our goals for expansion.
An X-ed out spot on that gate thrown across the road was explained when the sergeant alluded to its message: “All citizens are required to present their National Identification Cards,” but they had it black spray-painted out because its legislation hadn't yet happened.
The big sign on the one-and-a-half story shed with a machine gun nest atop said, “Homeland Security Internal Checkpoint.” And now, we’re all supposed to chime in with, “Hail, the Republic!” That’s the new mantra. For, shown were a bunch of guys being trained at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, probably enlisted and reservists and such who continually raised their right arms and yelled, “Hail the Republic!"
The sergeant even explained that they are duplicating the ancient Roman Legions saluting Caesar with right upraised arm and fist. Instead of “Hail, Caesar!” though, it’s “Hail, the Republic!”
This is coming. People will not believe it, or don’t understand, but 80% of them are “for all necessary ‘security’ measures.”
What does it mean? That we had better start worrying, when George Bush plays the fiddle.
Congress had planned to be recessed for the rest of this year when giving the Administration extraordinary wartime authority to implement undecided statutes. They have simply transferred power to act under bills which are pending and may not ever get passed.
As 100,000 military are being trained for these internal security checkpoints, the implication is that we will shortly be under a defacto state of martial law.
From what I saw looking at those lines
The League of die South
We ain’t just whistlin'Dade!
Have you joined the League? It is easy and painless! Click www.dixienetorg to fill out the PayPal application form and submit it today. Join now, and help form a new and Godly nation in Dixie!
of enlisted and reserve people training in this camp with M-16s in their hands, I can tell you I don’t think any of them would hesitate to shoot an American citizen. The indoctrination is obvious; enlisted people being told by a drill sergeant that they will have extraordinary authority, thus: “Your job is to protect the security of the State at all costs.”
There is a direct parallel between the old Soviet Union plus its East Bloc and what we are doing in establishing internal travel restrictions on the American people. We are essentially following the communist textbook.
In the Soviet empire, for example, there were checkpoints in every city. You had to have a so-called “internal travel visa.” It was stamped at all checkpoints within each city. You were especially checked at the city’s entrance, where they would affix a visa stamp costing ten marks. It was a real racket.
What kind of shakedown will develop with these “internal security” checkpoints? In other words, how much of a tax do we pay? Somebody’s going to pay for all this, the obvious answer being a charge of one or two dollars “toll.”
Here’s what we are looking forward to:
■	Toll booths around the nation. They’re not saying that yet, but apparently we’ll pay for this “protection” as some sort of a “security tax.”
■	Since the system has to grow incredibly cumbersome (having to stop every single vehicle and check identification) - and we’ve been taught to be suspicious of driver’s licenses because it’s easy to obtain false ones — the implication is that national
THE CONFEDERATE SHOPPE
“One Has An Obligation to Seek The Truth"
WILLIAM G. MORI 928 Delcris Drive Birmingham. Alabama. C.SA. 35226
TEL (205) 942-8978 / FAX. (205) 942-7881 E-MAIL: confoderateQwwisp com INTERNET: www.pointsouth.com/o-shoppe.htm
We has come a long way, baby!
The nation’s initial hero
By Olaf Childress A Sacred Union of Citizens By Matthew Spalding and Patrick Garrity Rowman A Littlefield Publishers, Inc.
While Mr. Spalding’s father is owner of Silverhill Antiques LLC in my home town, that had no effect on these deserved praises for the book’s subject and this latest study of George Washington’s Farewell Address.
Repetitiveness in early chapters of the great statesman’s constant theme, union, may put today’s hurried reader to the test, but patience in digesting all the nuances of what that man was up against will be more than rewarded as the time and locale grow familiar. More condensed, then, the years and events that followed those Founders when statesmen quoted liberally from the departing First American President’s sage words; until, at last, the appended Farewell Address for which the reader is prepared: its long sentences of weighty consideration, many commas and odd spellings seemingly formidable to the untutored student having become more intriguing than challenging.
G? Washington sensed danger for the new Union in political factions and parties, even as his own administration’s Treasury Secretary Hamilton gathered the Federalists and State Secretary Jefferson organized the Republicans. Himself a realist admitting that such alliances are manifest in human nature, he constantly cautioned against pacts with foreign powers as having been fatal to every nation placing too much trust in the promises of others: “If I may express myself, that no Wall of words, that no mound of parchment can be so formed as to stand against the sweeping torrent of boundless ambition on the one side, aided by the sapping current of corrupted morals on the other.”
Self-sufficiency, neutrality and restraint
were the goals for America. The pristine federal government must command by its virtue respect among this Sacred Union of Citizens. Every state was guaranteed the right of secession. But, for the good of all, this must never happen.
To keep a permanent Union free from foreign influence, repeatedly in several drafts of his valedictory address we find Washington’s obsession: “Nations as well as individuals act for their own benefit, and not for the benefit of others, unless both interests happen to be assimilated (and when that is the case there requires no contract to bind them together).” A safe and healthy America is therefore to remain simultaneously exposed before the world and detached from it in proper proportion.
But the federal government must remain counterpoised with states* rights, argued South Carolina’s Senator John Calhoun in noting that General Washington, loyal to the British crown until that union became oppressive, did not fail to draw his sword and lead the war for independence: “the great and crowning glory of his life.”
Here I pause to credit the authors, too, for their balancing act; i.e„ portraying with honesty and clarity what has become an enduring political discussion: republican self-government versus federalism; at the same time apologizing for my taking sides with Senator Stephen Douglas against the future warlord in those 1858 Lincoln-Douglas debates. America’s Founders had accepted the division of the nation into free and slave states from the very beginning, noted Senator Douglas when advocating popular sovereignty. Washington always deferred to the authority of local laws and domestic institutions. Nor do I defend the ancient and already doomed practice of slavery, but rather condemn Lincoln’s last-minute grab for the issue only as a smokescreen to hide his ignominy.
security cards are the only thing that will eventually be accepted.
■ The further inference is that, in order to accommodate traffic jams miles and miles long, there would be a separate line for those carrying pre-approved internal visas whose allegiance to the government has already been checked.
The sergeant on the news report said all those 100,000 military are being forced to swear new loyalty oaths to the United States. He mentioned the government’s overall policy, as alluded to earlier by President Bush, that all federal civilian employees are going to have to take new oaths of allegiance to “the Republic.” And that extends to some military members who will be involved in internal security.
Surprisingly enough, all these border checks you might think would be handled directly by the military are not. They're under the auspices of “Homeland Security.” What it means is that you have 100,000 troops (reservists and national guard people) based in the United States, to be seconded to the Office of Homeland Security. Their ultimate jurisdiction will be moved from the Department of Defense to the Office of Homeland Security.
In other words, the Office of Homeland Security is gaining a militarized division of 100,000 troops.
It’s finally getting some of the liberals nervous. But it’s coming. Day after day. polls demonstrate that seventy to eighty percent of the American people are ready to approve any and all security measures “necessary” to “fight terrorism.”
This article adapted from The Informed American.
“We have the greatest opportunity the world has ever seen, as long as we remain honest - which will be as long as we can keep the attention of our people alive. If they once become inattentive to public affairs, you and I, and Congress and Assemblies, judges and governors would all become wolves.”
— Thomas Jefferson
Both isolationists and interventionists have quoted the Farewell Address to make their points, Mississippi Senator Robert J. Walker urging, in 1851. that the U.S. go to the aid of the Hungarian revolutionaries with: “I contend. Mr. President, that what was our policy in our infancy and weakness has ceased to be our true policy now that we have reached to manhood and strength. And I deny, what is so often asserted, that either Washington or any of the founders of our Republic, ever recommended that the neutral policy of our early days should become an established principle, to govern the conduct of the country in the days of its maturity and power.”
Later Presidents McKinley and Wilson reinterpreted the Farewell Address to allow annexing the Philippines and forming a League of Nations, concerning which the authors quote Senator Henry Cabot Lodge’s 1919 speech: “Now, in the twinkling of an eye, while passion and emotion reign, the Washington policy is to be entirely laid aside and we are to enter upon a permanent and indissoluble alliance... We are asked to depart now for the first time from the foreign policies of Washington. We are invited to move away from George Washington toward the other end of the line at which stands the sinister figure of Trotsky, the champion of internationalism.”
And behind Trotsky, the me-tooists: Slick, a couple of Bushes and M. Albright. “What’s the point in having all that power if you're not going to use it?" The point. G? Washington might've told the Amazonian, is that you never have to use it.
RH Your #1 venison meal cutters 7:00a.m. to 7:00p.m. Cut & Wrap
Rick Ritchey (256) 245-4522
Chili Steaks Sausage Hamburger Cubed Steaks
5700 Hwy 21 Stewartvillc. Al. Coosa County
December 2001 The First Freedom 7
fetters...
Your figned letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief m and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
EXCEPTION After several years of “heavy giving,** I stopped doing it this year. However, your noble spirit and your tenacious courage demands that 1 make some attempt to help you financially.	BILL MORI
Birmingham
(Mr. Mori’s Confederate Shoppe has SI90,000 inventory of stock. Browse in at www.pointsouth.com/c-shoppe.htm -Ed.)
ANIMAL FARM What do you think of the literature I sent? (David Duke, page 3 Slant.\ I have been observing the situation for many years, and believe they are 100% right Brave New World and 1984 are being fulfilled before our eyes, and the brainwashed American public is eagerly following.
WOODY GAMBLE Bon Secour
PROTECTION RACKET India, SI00 million; now Afghanistan. The “united nations'* wants a worldwide welfare system, all under their decisions. Europe gives Afghanistan $320 million and the Belgian Prime Minister says that country will be rebuilt to “u.n.” specifics. Nothing is said about the Hindu Kush mountain range, where 100,000 acres of poppies are cultivated: the largest opium production in the world. Of more than S270 million budgeted for that country in 1999, much was for fertilizers, irrigation, etc. Those funds subsidize drug production by enabling the farmers to grow opium instead of crops such as wheat, nuts, fruits and vegetables. Are we to believe all this worldwide airport security is just to guard against terrorists? RICK RITCHEY
Sylacauga
BULL DOW Mayor Dow, I find your attacks on the battle flag absolutely outrageous. Have you bothered to read the history of what 1 would presume to be your native region (although I suppose it’s possible you’re a carpetbagger). Those knowing who truly fought for constitutional government - the South - are growing stronger daily and we are being aided by acts such as yours. What Bull Connor did in Birmingham for the “civil rights’* movement you are doing for Southern rights in Mobile. Thanks for the help. Too bed that thanks had to be earned with such a calumny. Will you soon be arresting anyone who drives through your town with the wrong decals on a car? If so, and I visit, better prepare room in your jail and stock the kitchen. I am willing to become your political prisoner and I have a healthy appetite. The flag of the only part of the country with guts to defend the original deal of the union, not Lincoln’s perversion of it, is not coming off my truck. Do you honestly believe last year’s sectional presidential vote is because half the country is racist? What idiocy!
BAZZ CHILDRESS Lexington, KY
PROTRACTED CONFLICT Those of us who love our heritage must rely on our own energies to combat this kind of madness. The enemy does not win so long as we resist. Thank you for your initiative! In love and service of the South, STEVE QUICK
Commander Camp Douglas 1507 Sons of Confederate Veterans Chicago, IL
HOIST TRUTH AGAIN The Southern flag is not a symbol of hate. It is a symbol of belief. Those men fought and some died for what they believed in. How can you take that away? It should be flown with honor for those who stood behind it Christy Browning mermaidlooksat30@aol .com (The above is from this newspaper’s suit to the city of Mobile via Internet at http://www.petitiononline.coni/865823b b/petition.html (where you, too, can sign in). Prior posts entered in Mobile’s own guest book, before the host chickened out and shut it down, can still be perused at http://www.gulftel.coni/honiefree/p8.litni to discover what’s been censored. - Ed.)
(Continued from page 1) the president couldn’t dismiss officers of the executive branch except under special conditions. In such cases, the president was required to report to the Senate in writing stating why the dismissal(s) had been made.
The Montgomery Constitution also established provisions to protect the sovereignty of the states from unscrupulous judges and other functionaries of the central government. Any judicial officer acting solely within the limits of any state could be impeached by a vote of two-thirds vote of both branches of the state’s legislature. The same held true for other officers of the national government operating under similar conditions.
And what about the age-old problem of government gridlock? The Confederate framers had a solution for that, too. The
WHAT CAN WE DO?
I live in in a small town 45 miles from Charleston. I have been reading about what happened at the Shoney’s, and the man with the flag in that parade, and the crappy mayor! Boy, Mobile is catching hell! Some carpetbaggers must’ve moved in and taken the place over. I know, because the same thing happened in South Carolina with our flag and our heritage! What can we do? I say run them out of town on a rail and tell them to never come back, nor anybody that’s kin to them either! Also join the LoS, and maybe things will get better! Confederate forever! ROBERT RAMSEY
Walterboro, SC |The shortest distance between two pointy-headed dictators (Mike and Fidel) is a communist line. -Ed.)
Constitution authorized Congress to grant each cabinet secretary a seat in both houses of Congress with the privilege of discussing any measures relating to his department
Finally, the dreaded specter of protectionism was put to rest once and for all. No duties or taxes could be laid on foreign imports in order to promote homegrown industries.
Years after the-War Between the States, former Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens hailed the Montgomery Constitution as a monument to the “wisdom, foresight and statesmanship” of its framers.
It's high lime modern Americans got reacquainted with the principles of the Confederate Constitution of 1861. Indeed, the fate of the Republic may depend on it.
Wisdom, foresight, statesmanship
Federalism: a most beautiful government concept correctly understood
A few well-meaning friends say, uTone it down a bit. You're hurling your cause more than helping it with all this battle flag stuffy and racism.M Funny they should know umy” cause better than L
By Olaf Childress
Me, a racist? And, maybe because I can tell the difference between a Saab and a Honda (nothing Made in USA these days). I’m an automobilist, too?
There’s nothing wrong with being out of stride with the locksteppists tramping on to Madeline Albright’s Empire. Unlike them, we independent thinkers - who can’t even do cadence among ourselves very well -like it that way. But, we’ll defend unto their deaths the right of such lemmings to march off cliffs waving the Stars and Stripes.
Let’s get a true picture of the contrast between Lincoln's federal government and the confederacy of thirteen sovereign states which he brutally invaded, by hearing it from the etymologists. For, indeed, our answer lies right there in the definitions.
fed-er-al < L. fiedus, compact, league, akin to fides, faith.
con-. A form of the prefix com, ‘with,’ ‘together,’ 'altogether.'
And even if the media con artists would call it federal, their worldwide conspiracy conjures little faith. Let us come together, reconstitute and confirm the Confederacy, never to concede its moral concept Self-rulefirst establishes its franchise at home. Then a democratically elected world government might become feasible if you can show me another habitable planet, one to which those finding the “u.n.” destructive of its delegated ends might migrate. Until such checks against that regime — the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness -wc must decline the simplistic mediacrat's search for himself in a puckish ideology. But our rejection doesn’t faze the new
world orderly: What’s the point in having all that media power, says he, if you’re not going to use it? His universe requires flattening all states into a single mold and manipulating elected officials into that “multicultural” straitjacket by fair means (nagging) or foul (misrepresenting).
At war with his own best interests, the yo-yo doesn’t even understand federalism. I’ll try explaining it to him briefly.
Whereas citizens cannot change planets at will, young sweethearts denied Alabama marriage licenses have traditionally eloped to Rising Fawn, Georgia; thus, one place has chosen to require mature reflection, another is more obliging of nature.
and exceptional love finds a way. Mobile’s schools are deplorable because that city has slept while the Mobile Register pursued its agenda. Meanwhile, across the bay, Baldwin County’s are excellent I shouldn’t broadcast this fact, except to make a point: Rising Fawn takes their money, but they’ll choose to live in Sweet Home Alabama. Whether it’s wise for a sovereign state to attempt putting a halter on nature’s call, or local government to seek moneys that come with donor strings attached (actually “revenue sharing” is the begging back of our own “contributions”), those at liberty to pursue their safety and happiness elsewhere
will determine. Federalism, when correctly understood, is a beautiful theory scratching merely upon the surface of a supreme law unattainable among mortals, but whereof one may determine how close we’ve come by the quality of our citizens.
Each example confirms the constituency it deserves. Attracting the virtuous requires an exemplary stand. Negative elements are drawn to a less positive state or fraternity, neighborhood, church or school. Keeps everybody happy! or, at least, among those compatible with their leanings. Which isn’t the standard of diversity your flat-universe ideologue is preaching, of course; but then, he’s not allowed by his keepers to migrate toward individuals’ or states' rights. □
Gory, Gory Hallelujah
America at War:
Chapter I of a six-part series on what thinking Americans have to say about their budding empire.
By Nelson Waller
I would be remiss in my duties as your pastor-on-paper if I did not comment on the war mania now sweeping the country and its attendant fetishes, follies and frauds.
It could be that you, my dear friends, are not interested in sampling any dissenting opinions at this time — say, until we’ve whipped the Afghans and gone on to write our memoirs about this “heroic”, “historic” period. (Shoot first, ask questions later.) But I feel obliged, as ever, to point out the stark realities of the situation regardless of what your favorite TV newscaster, your boss, your husband, or your peacher (sic) may have to say about it
And, as ever, my desire is not to be the bearer of bad tidings for its own sake but to point out a few things about our own track record as we indulge in a new round of “hooray for us” jingoism. They say the unconsidered life is not worth living, and even without the crisis now upon us I and a lot of people feel America is long overdue for at least a few minutes* starkly honest reflection about ourselves, our place in the universe, and how we measure up to the ideals of those who “created” us as a nation two centuries ago. Please, let’s take just a few minutes to stop and think on our way
into the war craze of the moment
I just took a walk - one of the best ways to reflect don’t you think? And it occurred to me that not only are there serious logical and ethical problems with our Afghan adventure, but that we are in fact totally corrupt as a nation - in the process by which we got into this mess, and have evaluated the crisis, and are going about fixing things.
If you can show me where I’m wrong on this issue I’ll be most grateful. But meanwhile I do believe that this country I love most and for whose betterment I have given almost every waking moment for the past 14 years is rotten in its own national existence, and that this latest mess shows it forth as nothing has before - since the last war extravaganza we got ourselves into, at any rate!
There are several ways in which the fact is demonstrable. Also, I fear, irrefutable. These include America’s foreign policy history in relation to our Constitutional and, more importantly. Scriptural ideals, and in relation to the other countries of the world; the quality of the people we call “leaders” these days, and thus their qualifications or lack thereof to tell other countries how to run their lives; the outcome of our previous attempts to deal with national problems as we do; and, by no means least important, the collateral effects of our war making within our own
borders as shown through history and in events occurring before our very eyes in America - yes, right this minute!
Firstly, perhaps we would do well to ask ourselves exactly how it typically comes about that America goes to war to begin with. We’d all like to say, wouldn't we. that it's simply a matter of national response to a national threat of some kind?
But if that’s the case, may I ask a small question? Why do the American people, so famously self-defense oriented, never register any reaction worth mentioning to our own government s war upon us, or the very real invasion by enemy forces that continues year after year across our own borders?
No, the only time America goes to war, starts putting American flags on car antennas and “supporting our boys,” is when - regardless of whether a real threat to ourselves exists - the politicians and the mass media in concert stoke up war fever.
Let’s be honest, dear friends. That is how it goes, and that is something completely different from a country defending itself from its enemies. I hate to tell you, but these two dynamics are not merely not the same, they have virtually no relation to each other.
(To be continued)
Nelson Waller can be reached care of this paper or POB 2368, Anderson. SC 29622 (Tel 864-225-0882)
Marry Christmas
and a happy new year!
Well. rt*s (hat busy time of year again when there's more to do than hours in the day. American Patriot Books can make Christmas shopping easy and hassle free, however. Our books and flags make perfect gifts for everyone on your list. Save time by taking advantage of our free gift wrap service. Avoid long lines at the post office by having us mail your gifts directly. And, save money by using our small, mail order only and no credit card service because we pass our low overhead savings on to you. Orders must be received by Friday, Dec. 14th. to guarantee Christmas delivery.
Prices include tax (if any), shipping and handling.
FROM SEA TO SHINING SEA FOR CHILDREN by Peter Marshall. A book about the first 50 years of our country's independence and westward expansion (1787-1837). Regularly $17. sale priced SIS.
GENERAL LEE AND SANTA CLAUS: AN ADAPTATION by Randall Bedwell. An updated version of a delightful children's Christmas story, first written in 1867. Regularly $14, sale priced $12.
The MAY I QUOTE YOU ... series for Generals Lee, Jackson, Forrest, A Longstreet by Randall Bedwell. Learn history directly through quotes and short biographical notes from four great Southern generals. Individually, $11 each. As a set of all 4. $40.
THE MENACE OF MULT1CULTURALISM: TROJAN HORSE IN AMERICA by Alvin Schmidt. A serious book for serious times that every parent should read. Regularly $29, sale priced $25.
HOW TO BE SURE OF CROWNS IN HEAVEN and HOW BIG IS GOD? by Salem Kirban. Uplifting books, perfect for Advent Bible study and reflection. Individually $ 11 and $4 each. Together as a pair, $ 12.
Flags, flags. A more flags: —3' x 5' polyester U.S., Betsy Ross. Culpeper. Gadsden. Confederate (1st. 2nd. 3rd nationals, naval jack, artillery. Bonnie Blue), A POW/MIA: $12 each or 3 for $30 —Auto “sports style** U.S. A Confederate battle flags with window staff: $10 each —U.S. or Confederate battle flag
computer mousepads: $7 each or 2 for $12 —U.S., Confederate battle. A Bonnie Blue flag lapel pins: S3 each or 2 for $5—U.S. or Confederate battle flag auto license plates: S8 each.
Please specify if gift-wrapping is needed and where to ship items. Please include your phone number and/or email address in case I need to contact you about your order. If you have any questions, please call me at (904) 646-9320.	—Sue Lamb
Please send your order with check or money order to:	American	Patriot	Books
PMB 334
3545-1 St Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville. FL 32224
Terminal Phase	By	Olaf	Childress	Climbing out of the hole we’ve	dug
Did we say those “liberals*’ who worry the sky is falling for lack of an Atlantean government shouldering it, “conserving** the world, were once ridiculed by the more sanguine among us?
That was “back when.” Toward century twenty's closing, schoolchildren would be denied the obvious lessons. Their country had outperformed all the others in many ways: facing unique challenges, molding a solid, indigenous, harmonious culture out of diverse immigrant elements. Naturally the lily-white European states, having once enslaved legions of their own, could point fingers without realizing the greater task of absorbing Africans as full citizens. Lisbon, London, Boston and wherever slave ships could be built had profited handsomely by creating markets for plantation vassals in the New World. Normal pioneers had no use for the idea, moneyed aristocrats (as at the shipping end) the only ones showing interest; the scions of Boone, Crockett and Jackson later displaying sympathy in fact, few thinking to return the progeny of freed blacks against their wills. And with no one in Africa to pay ransom, the heirs of those Boston shipowners - almost as far from the problems Yankee clippers had wrought upon the South as Lisbon and London - for some strange reason couldn’t forbear the slow pace of emancipation in Alabama, the Caribbean and elsewhere. Right there the grandmother of all “right now” generations was bom, bayonets between their teeth and ready for war against other sovereign states of the union.
Converting challenges to strengths is an American tradition, and no livelier history exists anywhere. Or one more illustrious, rendering all those mediacrat falsifications beyond monstrous.
Finally, their exaggerations as to what “free trade” would do “for” us brought the opposite result: importing the third world’s problems! Newspeak's power for turning liberty into license amid the populace was bad enough. But, in addition, those artists with words had no compunctions about licking every disgrace from their media masters* shoes, the latter aiming for world control by controlling such avid flunkies. Superbillionaire media barons purchased the necessary legislation with “campaign contributions,” godfathering the prevailing Bilderberg scheme in as a grandchild of FDR’s earlier “solution” to that age-old “dilemma” - unequally distributed wealth among nations and people (at least the ones observing “law,” cosmopolitan elites thus exempt).
Bearing their double yoke of a so-called North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), domestic producers were first to receive from Atlas the onus of still more restraints, scrutinies, liabilities, mandates, safety measures to retool and manufacture
j The First Freedom | P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576
i	■	■■” M |
i FU1XNAME-------------------------------  i
! MAIL ADDRESS-----------------------------j
j □ Here’s $12 for a one-year subscriptionJ ID For $_____________,	extend	my expiration)
date by the same number of months.) j □ $20 for 200 extra copies of this issue.
| □ $20 for 200 extra copies of next issue. 1 | □ $____________enclosed	as	a patron.
! Email, lel.nr. or comment
12
per Washington’s designs, “guidelines” for policing the thoughts and utterances of all employees, hiring and promoting quotas, etc; then to lose their targeted customers who, even working two jobs per household and longer hours, couldn’t afford higher priced superior products “Made in U.S-A.” Giant, stateless corporations had captured both foreign slave labor and the internal market. Soon, the uncurbed imports would include contaminated food, drug pushers and terrorists on welfare.
But manufacturing was not the only loss under NAFTA’s power grab. Advancing toward the preordained ultra efficiency of “agribusiness” even before Roosevelt set about “helping” them, farmers enticed not to work the land they loved were elbowed off it, and moneyed outsiders harvested the ripeness of conditions they had sowed by accepting the wealth FDR took from others as seed for this totalitarian oligarchy. Adding insult to injury, many of the new nonresident overlords would seek further profits by importing illegal field hands at the same time “contributing” to politicians who favored still more open borders.
So traditional farmers were out of it; corporate plantation owners investing in indentured labor simply evicted them. NAFTA, a throwback to earlier conditions the new world orderlies professed to abhor, should have convinced Bostonians their wars of emancipation had made the world safe only for hypocrisy.
As we have observed, Roosevelt’s hordes had romped in like a herd of buffalo to stampede the marketplace and “rescue” this country’s rural population from any further trials out on the prairies of natural law. And taxpayers, after the dust settled, finding they must subsidize for decades to come the cozy arrangements whereby land got cultivated or idled depending on which harvested the greatest return each year. Big Brother was micro-mismanaging from his armchair all farms attracted to the scheme. “Entitlement” monies became dispensed wherever the vendible vote could most profitably be bought, honor no longer a consideration among those who parlayed this game into fortunes!
For the record, however, we must note that smaller beneficiaries took the bait only reluctantly: not realizing how government would obfuscate their sense of balancing supply against demand at an independent local co-op. Thus, American farmers were effectively excommunicated from direct negotiation with foreign markets. In such an atmosphere, it was inevitable that the man who understood land husbandry better than politics, as the plantation slave before him, must end up serving an idle class of wheeler-dealers totally unrepresentative of his savaged rural community.
So much for generalizing culpability among political savages, for, homegrown Americans who till their own land remain a commendable lot; and, bless a good many other naive souls! some bureaucrats in the departments of agriculture and such who believed themselves righting, once and for all time, the “evils” of an uncertain nature (even if it didn’t work out that way) can be thankful that providence is not malleable by human foibles.
Insofar as farming remains the business of a few owner/growers, 1 don't mind them hyperbolizing agriculture's contributions via bumper stickers. But the motive is still mostly profit and love of the outdoors, not altruism. If it’s philanthropy, let them put bread on my table for free! Respectable
their calling, this hardy breed of men and women tilling the land can understand and meet its hazards better than any bureaucrat.
We’ll review what lessons may at last be drawn from those depressing “solutions” inflicted way back when by Roosevelt and his gang upon an unsuspecting country; and, should you find here nothing but the meanderings of a “conspiracy nut” - love that media term! - I’ll appreciate at least having been heard. However, if then your opinion corroborates mine as to a nation’s artificially-advanced dissolution, duty says we evict the media-politico usurpers from out our lives and retake that great heritage: getting on with the best interests minimally of these Southern States.
A revival of representative government involves the reciprocal of its sine qua non -vigilance. Ours not to “export democracy,” let us rather trim this one by hauling down some of its sail. A case in point:
Most savings policies are recoverable wholly, in part, or as accumulated earnings at any time. But none of the above when that fund draws government for its singular appointed “investment.” The New Deal, as we have noted, dealt us social security. A small depository was set up, putatively to receive and invest workers' involuntary “contributions” for later withdrawal as called for; not by retired shareholders, it turned out, but rather a regime which grabbed and spent every penny that crossed its palm. Fprced redistribution, less the middleman’s take, even if doling out those pensions as represented, was by far inferior to what had existed: families taking care of their own without the “help” of a giant bureaucracy - and voluntarily supporting charitable organizations that looked after the truly destitute.
FDR needed that money as leverage. He aimed for reducing sovereign Alabama into a satrapy, war being the expedient means of achieving his object. Its theater unclear, Wilson and House had cultivated only the ripening circumstances. Many a planned deal was on tentative hold, and “revenue sharing” the distant last shuffle: which would supposedly bring former states to the table like lapdogs on Frank's crippled knees.
Divvying up the loot as it came in, with no pension fund, each generation retiring on “dues” extracted from the next, that scam could only cease when a last echelon found insufficient “contributors” to keep it going. But the day of reckoning might be forestalled indefinitely if an increasing part of each paycheck were extracted from a lessening percentage of paying populace at the bottom. Each administration coming to power after the New Deal’s organizers would, like them, have more residuals to spend than the one preceding - if willing to raise that ante the maximum enforceable amount. No problem. Maybe not a pyramid scheme but rather a scaffolding on which to sacrifice freedom, here was contempt the more despicable when this cowardly regime embezzled, sans risk of reproach in its own time, the life savings of a later day: our own!
Having entered the world a week before this peculiar tyrant’s first election, to the unborn I apologize that we’ve not asserted ourselves and regained that lost heritage, nor counterattacked against the immoral media assaults on what’s left of this last best hope of mankind. When people get socked in the face with it without even teaching their children the evils of central planning, allowing themselves instead to
be led by the elbows into that submission the elitists call “patriotism,” they’ve failed the first duty: to know what’s going on. Let‘s wake up, repair our sullied principles and choose to live in dignity!
Some of today’s illiterate public school graduates may flippantly query, “What's wrong with taxing ourselves to subsidize retirees?” Anybody truly educated knows the difference between naivete and fraud; a pyramid game ends when the suckers are cleaned out. Whether it’s the New Deal of the thirties or Goals 2000 in the nineties, our gaze follows where the media direct: all that’s for real being the conspiracy to destroy self-government worldwide.
Most large newspapers, even back then, were infiltrated by an alien socialist corps, a band of disorganized subversives looking to combine their limited resources and eat of Utopia’s fruit within their lifetimes; an ideology shared among innocents knowing not what they were asking. It would be co-opted by greed for money and power. Needing only a leader, their impatience gave them fits, to say nothing of many a failed start. And, when Roosevelt pitched his deal to those hungry souls, they gladly coalesced around that nucleus.
Clever, left-wing scriptwriters were quick to realize this was the moment They laid the rules and institutionalized a huge, socialist bureaucracy that would continue growing for more than half a century, after placing their communist sympathizer in the White House.
If Roosevelt could implement and sustain for the necessary interim the ideas boiling in their heads, an all-powerful world government might then be realized once resistance began to decline. And so it was that, by century’s end, free traders such as multibillionaire George Soros would in fact be making and breaking the currencies of smaller nations as a prelude to that big counterfeiting operation.
Already in 1929, domestic investors of hard cash who were not overextended had been caught in a vice. As we’ve noted, the run on banks was caused entirely by small, individual depositors who demanded cash in hand when so much alarm was sounded in (he media following devaluation first of the franc, next the pound, and finally the dollar. Central banks served the Insiders well, and we’ve got to do something about their opportunism. Investors and plant owners were just barely hanging in there, less inconvenienced perhaps than farmers and laborers; but they endured far greater financial losses. None of these, however, knew the immense pains already suffered by Ukrainians in Eastern Europe, for the story had not been reported of deliberate starvation, and, in midwinter, the deaths of millions! Stripped of its entire wheat crop by Joe Stalin's communist Russia, brutal force under an unholy cause - one whose end supposedly justified whatever means-had annihilated the European continent’s former breadbasket.
See no evil on your left! was the corrupt media’s watchword: censure all who resist Boston’s “compassion,” promote the New Deal, sell a little “guilt,” massage vigilance into a deep slumber; preach higher taxes as proof that a citizen loves his children, lest funds for indoctrination called “education” fall short; in which case, those “right wing extremists” resisting “social security,” if they should come upon some unforeseen leap of communications technology that bypasses us, might sound reveille - and all this “progress” be lost..	□