SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.*'
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
\ j	'he First	
	reeaom
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 3 Number 5
http://www.gulftel.com/hornefrec/
May 2001
Another Tenn-Tom boondoggle in the making if citizens don’t wake up
Those around in the early I970*s may recall how one of the nation rs largest and most expensive federal waterway projects got launched.
By Nick Jongebloed
( baii-man, March Against Crime
In 1971 Congress directed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to begin construction of a 234-mile waterway connecting the Tombigbee River with the Tennessee. The “Tenn-Tom" Waterway (TTW) aimed to provide another outlet to the sea parallel to our mighty Mississippi River.
As an MBA student in the United States Army's graduate school program in the early 1960s and assigned the Tenn-Tom as a research project, I contacted quite a few authorities on this matter - from the Congress's General Accounting Office to the Army Corps of Engineers, to college professors at several major universities. It soon became evident that there was a lot of objection to the thing from all sides, except the uspecial interest” lawmakers from Mississippi and Alabama plus their backers. The Corps of Engineers conducted or sponsored economic studies of the inland waterways system, the prime contractors for that research being the same ones doing the benefit study used to justify TTW in the first place. No other independent review of the Corps' economic feasibility inquiry was made.	.	..	^
kiiftSni friifowft^TTW^’lJ^eratibns knows that its original cost/benefit analysis was flawed. Nevertheless, as we are all aware, politically-attractive projects will be found “economically feasible'* irrespective of their true merits determined by methods and criteria consistent with generally accepted economic principles and business practices.
The TTW opened in 1985, and its first year tonnage, mostly coal, came to less than 5% of those cost/benefit projections. Opponents having predicted a “two-billion dollar fishing hole” were correct. Alabama had invested more than $230 million in anticipation of added commerce, mostly in new coal export terminals. Mobile Mayor Lambert C. Mims was quoted as follows: "I think the TTW will change the lives of millions of people, put bread on their tables and give them an opportunity in life.” Today's biggest benefit of that project is as a route for yachts visiting the Gulf.
And now a politically-attractive $300 million container facility for Port of Mobile is in the planning stages. Again we have boosters for this project, like the pathetic Tenn-Tom Waterway predictions of former Mayor Mims, making similar comments. One example is Mobile Councilman Fredrick Richardson, out of his element with that “Word” article in a recent Sunday Mobile Register op-ed section: Attempting to justify his travels to South America, he "hoped” to open up more ocean container business for the Port of Mobile, as if this were some new phenomenon in transport to he exploited for his fair city. As with most things in Alabama government, he is 30 years too late. Any thought of expanded container operations now is only possible because citizens gave those politicians hundms of millions to spend out of oil and gas royalties. So the state wants to spend $302 million on a container and distribution center at Choctaw Point and Monroe Park.
Richardson points out that Mobile now exchanges 24,000 containers annually; while, he discovered during his overseas travels. Venezuela's Puerto Cable handles 500,000. He then “hopes'* Mobile can grow
to half a million units after “moderation and hard work.” What garbage!
It was unnecessary for Richardson to see what a container facility really looks like by traveling overseas for a week. A quick trip to one of the following ports which dominate trade to South America and will continue to do so would serve to educate him on the existing competition for any future Mobile container business.
Ports and containers handled per year, 1998: Charleston, 1,380,000; Hampton Roads, 1,315,267; Houston, 968,169; Miami, 950,000; Jacksonville, 753,823; Port Everglades, 744,000; Savannah, 504,740; San Antonio, 415,001.
The epitome of his ignorance on the subject was evident when he listed the “Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway” as an intermodal asset for Mobile's future
container business. This, one of the biggest “pork” boondoggles in America's long list of boondoggles.
Like so many missed opportunities, from the cruise ship to the container, our State of Alabama and the county/city of Mobile have been too political in appointing managers. And that includes Mobile's failure to adopt the council-manager form of city government
Confederate History Month becomes jubilee
The same Establishment media that drooled over itself the whole of Black History Month didn V notice, but we remembered our own.
By Olaf Childress
You didn’t catch much of it on the regular news channels. They need yet more time to “irregularize” themselves away from the plot that failed. But, across the Southland, people are demanding that the media stop censoring the song, the voice and pride of Dixie. I'm not making this up. But, due to space limitations, and in keeping with this newspaper's policy of reporting local news first, we'll cover mainly South Alabama.
Of course you all know of that blitzkrieg launched by the media gods to kill states* rights and republican government. Trotting forth their Jesses and NAACPies, plus flags redesigned to be run up flagpoles without 'arty VotesTTeinvehting history a?T “sensitive,” and an Alabama Constitution that was supposed to kneel before their New World Order, Southerners were going to obey. It didn't happen.
Wish I did have room for the thousands of heritage groups which are finally, as Pat Godwin says, drawing that line in the sand and not backing up another inch. It isn't a racial thing, in the sense of putting down minorities to build up this European-American culture that's long the wonder of the world and needs only preserving. May God help blacks understand, not just those who abhor Jesse Jackson and already know what's in the box at right, but everyone capable of appreciating that the survival of civilization depends upon contending with this imminent mediacracy.
April having been declared Confederate History Month throughout the South by a host of statesmen and civic leaders, among others the Mobile County Commission, it’s this home aspect we’ll consider here. South Alabama's Council of Conservative Citizens chapter, less that a year old, and two new League of the South groups in Mobile and Baldwin Counties, make up the more vociferous counterattack against liberal assaults on traditional values.
Congratulations to those Mobile County Commissioners for joining the gray, even if late and the news is buried somewhere in back of the Mobile Register. Editor Michael Marshall loved MLK month, but claims “five or six zealots at most” are the whole heritage movement around here. Ben George corrects him elsewhere in this issue.
Having handed out thousands of sample copies of The First Freedom at Elberta's annual Sausage Festival from the League of the South booth the previous Saturday, I accompanied talk show personalities Kelly McGinley and “Citizen John” Burke the first Wednesday of April to Montgomery, where we opposed efforts to rewrite the Alabama Constitution. Kelly, as keynote speaker, was joined on the Supreme Court steps by Chief Justice Roy S. Moore's wife to say that deleting the Ten Commandments was not an option. Joyce Perrin, editor of
the Citizens Alert, had called for that rally.
On its white sandy banks above a clear swift stream that separates Alabama from Mississippi, “Dixiefest” was celebrated for the first time down at Escatawpa Hollow Campground off Highway 98 near Mobile; which event, sponsored April 7 by the South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens, will be an annual family-oriented outing. Children were seen scurrying after frisbees, rope climbing and trying on teeshirts with those Southern emblems that somehow make school administrators nervous. When a few men served up home-made venison sausages from a giant gridiron as a dozen ladies started gyrating to country music on the pavilion floor, 1 comments were then heard that “This is what the South is all about!”
Elaborating just
'^dfS^rHe dupes of a foreign ideology have in mind for us, Reggie Phillips as first speaker after that sumptuous feeding:
“They literally mean to destroy every last symbol of our past.”
I next explained a few opposites that The First Freedom hopes to accomplish, and how we intend
to stop the NWO: “Having drawn a line in the sand that says the project stops here! ours is simply to get the truth out.”
Bob Taylor added his own helpful tips on where we're gaining, and, reminding us of our increasing numbers, inviting the public to his new League of the South chapter.
Tim Meadows, CofCC President, would “not take credit for booting out that scalawag last November and supplanting him with a reasonable Mobile County Commissioner. All of you helped deliver the message, and voters responded.”
At a March Against Crime meeting five days later I heard similar talk of getting the word out. This time it was for replacing a much traveled mayor (too often to Fidel’s Island) with a more responsible lady mayor come Mobile’s August 28 city election.
One week later I accompanied several dozen of these same League of the South and CofCC patriots to Jackson for the big
1 wBwwpfW
flag?” rally on that state's capitol steps. Our motorcade was not alone, April 14 being the day people came from all oven rain-drenched men, women and children standing beside stone Confederate statues, waving our Southern banners, proclaiming in loud and proud voices that the line in the sand had been drawn, singing Dixie, applauding, rebel-yelling the morning long.
(See “Heritage,” page 5)
Tbe investigator assigned to trail Michael (a.lca. Dr. Martin Luther) King during the civil rights struggle. Assistant FBI Director William C. Sullivan, claims official records indicate King routinely embezzled contributions to the SCLC to buy liquor and numerous prostitutes both black and white, these being taken to his hotel rooms, usually two at a time for drunken sex parties normally lasting several days. MLK spent his last night on earth with three women at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, having sex with two and physically beating the third. There’s not space here to detail his complete communist schooling, funding and ties, but the fact that the media keep all this quiet should tell you something awful is happening to American journalism.
Talk
Radio
WBCA 1110 am - Mon.-Fri., 10-11 am. Carol Stokes’ “Day of Decision”
WMOB 1360 am - Mon.-Fri., noon till
I	PM, Kelly McGinley “Retaking America” Plus, each Saturday:
II	AM-1 PM Robert Gardner “Talking Truth” and 1 PM - 2 PM Dan Daniels' “Viewpoint”
Public
Happenings
March Against Crime - May 10,6:30 PM at Mobile's Springhill Library, 4 South McGregor Avc. Info 334-957-2218.
League of the South. 7 PM May 17, at Shoney’s, Hwy 90 Tillmans Comer. Come join the political discussion, get involved!
Don’t advertise
in this newspaper nor subscribe to it if only the bottom line has top priority, because we are part of that vast, right-wing conspiracy to save our heritage - and. in the short run. associating with us may hinder whatever access your company presently enjoys with government contracts, orders and favors. But if the permanent things are worth more than expediency and today's economy isn't your primary concern, how about placing a small ad with us, or at least subscribe?
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary to break with business as usual, a decent respect for the opinions of mankind requires one to state the cause of that separation. We're here to help explain why you're drawing such a line in the sand. The time is now It's a decision. _
The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, Silverhiil AL 36576
League of the South - Noon May 27. Big barbecue just off Hwy 98 at Magnolia Springs Park. $5 donation and all you can eat. Info 334-965-6397.
FDOnttHT"
MAIL ADDRESS"
CITY	ST------T9
Jefferson Davis Birthday - June 2,10:00 am. Join the Sons of Confederate Veterans. League of the South and others at Saturday Memorial Ceremony on the State Capital Building steps in Montgomery, Alabama.
□	Here's $12.00 for a I-year subscription.
□	For $__________,	consider	me	a	patron
Email, tcl-nr. or comment:
2 The First Freedom May 2001	— the flip Side —
NAACP’s boycott of South Carolina a total bust, not costing one penny
Folks, this is what I just told the Washington Post. I share these things with y'all not as an ego trip but in hopes you'll do likewise in great numbers anytime you learn of a heritage assault Borrow and adapt my ideas freely, or do your own thing; but SAY SOMETHING.
By Nelson Waller
nwalkr@cavol.net
Editor
You published a predictable, stock-model hate piece on the Mississippi state flag on Sunday, but I regret to inform you your days of attitude-adjusting the public in this fashion are over. It doesn't work any more, and you only embarrass intelligent readers with your blatant axe-grinding.
I have been working almost full time in the fight to save the good name of our South in the face of all-out warfare which you in the govemment/media complex have been waging against us. And I think it*s time your readers stopped to think about the games you play in the midst of this fight to the death.
In the first place, it doesn't matter whether Mississippi is the last, the next to last or the tenth from last state to fly the Confederate flag. You seem to impute some great significance to this, as if the object of life was for everybody to follow the liberally-defined fads of the moment. If you cared about true diversity as every page of every issue of your paper implies, you would applaud the regional pride Mississippi's flag shows and accept it for the valid bow to our forebears that it is. Instead, you continue to define Mississippi strictly in terms of a warped, bigoted, hackneyed TV-movie version of its past. You want everybody to get in step with you. Do you never begin to feel just a little behind the march of history yourselves?
Secondly, I would like to know where you, in absolute unanimity with the rest of the media (but not the public), get the notion that “black leaders" equals the NAACP and the NAACP equals “black leaders.** Are you the daily newspaper in
Matter of fact.
“The Federal Reserve [Banks] are one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever seen. There is not a man within the sound of my voice who does not know that this nation is run by the international bankers." — Rep. Louis McFadden “[The Great Depression resulting from the Stock Market crash] was not accidental. It was a carefully contrived occurrence. The international bankers sought to bring about a condition of despair here so they might emerge as rulers of us all.**
— Rep. Louis McFadden The above testimonials by Congressman McFadden were before Congress in 1933. Following at least two attempts on his life by gunfire, he died of suspected poisoning after attending a banquet
The First Freedom
FO Box 3SS, Silverhill, AL 34574 Eaiil: hoaiefree@gBlfteLcoa Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: John Fender, Ben George, Nick Jongeblocd, Mildred Laurendine, Mable Lloyd, Elwin Rozyskie, Tom Smith.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bulk rates, ask for terms.
Sclf-governmtnt begins al home Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided Aill credit with address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email is preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
the capitol of the free world, and do you not know that there is a great “diversity" of opinion among blacks about these issues -that, indeed, numerous blacks love and support the Confederate flag and have no use for the politicians* agenda of defaming and gradually outlawing it? Please call me at your convenience and I will put you in touch with some certified “black leaders" who are so inclined.
Thirdly, it is my distinct honor to tell you that the South Carolina case which you
This summary tops off April as Confederate History Month. A writer for the Coosa County News, “Cape” is also heard over WYEA 1290 am Sylacauga.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
Since I am a small businessman, a farmer, a gun owner and dealer, a Southron and a politically incorrect columnist, every day is a Confederate day. People such as 1 have constantly to fight for keeping what is ours against liberal agendas inspired by big government and big business that do not include us. If we are included, it is on someone else’s terms.
Some might ask; why is a Confederate History Month needed? General Patrick Cleburne answered that question in a speech to encourage his Confederate troops in 1864 shortly before he was killed in the Battle of Franklin, Tennessee. “Our defeat would mean that the history of this heroic struggle will be written by the enemy; that our youth will be trained by Northern school teachers, will learn from Northern school books their version of the war, will be impressed by all the influences of history and education to regard our gallant dead as traitors and our maimed veterans as fit subjects of derision." Here are some facts concerning the War for Southern Independence you are not supposed to know and are not supposed to be told: for those who _ don’t believe that struggle is also our struggle today!
■ The Confederate Government has not surrendered! Although General Lee did surrender his army,! Jefferson Davis*- the President of the Confederate Government - never signed a surrender. Davis was imprisoned after the war and abused in an attempt to force him to sign a surrender for the Confederate States of America. He was threatened with a firing squad. But Davis believed in court he could easily prove that he and the South
By Tim Meadows
Chairman, So. Ala. Council of Conservative Citizens
Seven years ago in Mobile County, Commissioners Sam Jones and Freeman Jockisch arrogantly superseded the will of the people and, in an undocumented action, removed the Confederate battle flag, taking upon themselves the authority to do so. This tyrannical action cheated Mobile County citizens of their voice in the matter. Do Jones and Jockisch consider their opinion superior to the will of the people?
The South Alabama Chapter of the Council of Conservative Citizens has for several months now been discussing this issue with Commissioners Jockisch and Mike Dean. Mr. Jockisch has been quoted by the Mobile Register as objecting to the Confederate battle flag being at county displays. Obviously, he is out of
and eveiyone in your camp cites is totally opposite from what you imagine. The NAACP’s boycott has been a total bust and not cost the state a penny. On the contrary, tourism and the state economy have gone through the roof during the boycott period. If you find that hard to believe, please check the official figures online.
I know you limit the space allotted for this discussion so will sign off for now, but I would be happy to further enlighten you or any of your readers about these matters at
were not traitors, but instead the ones betrayed. Rather than have this happen, the federal government released Jefferson Davis from prison. They neither dropped the charges nor gave him a trial. Davis remained unreconstructed for the rest of his life, and did not apologise* for his actions.
■	Others in the Confederate government went to South America and established a Confederate city government in exile much like the Cubans did in Florida. Today the city of Americana, Brasil has a population of 150,000 and they are called Confederados by the people of Brasil. Many there still speak Southern English.
■	Confederate General Robert E. Lee owned no slaves. His opponent on the Yankee side. Grant, did own slaves.
■	Under the Confederate Constitution, Native Americans had the same rights as whites, and could become officers in its army. In the Union, the rights of Indians were almost nonexistent. This probably contributed to the fact that the last Confederate general to surrender was a
Cherokee named Stand Watie. In order to further punish Native Americans who sided with the Confederacy, much of their land in Oklahoma, where most members of the eastern tribes had been sent earlier by the federal government, was later divided up among immigrants during the Oklahoma land rush.
■ The Confederate Constitution was the first to outlaw slavery. It stated that no new slaves could be imported. No new blacks could be bom into slavery, and when existing slaves grew old and died slavery would end.
■	When the South first withdrew from the Union, Lincoln proposed an amendment to the constitution saying Southerners could keep their slaves indefinitely if they would only come back into the U.S. (and accept a 40% tariff increase on goods exported). The South refused.
■	Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation
touch with the citizens of this county.
We call upon Commissioners Dean and Jockisch to do what they were elected to do: represent the people, not rule over them. They say they would like the “flag question" laid to rest. Then the South Alabama CofCC calls upon these two men to bring closure to the question by putting this on the ballot and letting the people vote on which flag they want displayed by Mobile County: the present First National or the soldiers’ insignia, the battle flag.
We feel the people will overwhelmingly vote for the Confederate battle flag and will not be satisfied until Mobile County gets the same respect Mississippians have received.
Our leaders must understand they are not rulers but public servants. This issue will not die until the majority speaks. □
your convenience. Meanwhile, I encourage you to come into the real world and get to know the real cultural currents of the day. Life is too short to run forever on propaganda tricks that were already old when hatched fifty or sixty years ago. And please be on notice that the harder you grind that axe, the more people it wakes up to the beautiful realities you would destroy. Nelson Waller, Secretary South Carolina Council of Conservative Citizens Anderson, SC
freed no slaves. It freed no slaves in the territory he controlled that was loyal to the Union. Its wording only pertained to slaves belonging to regions and people that were in a state of rebellion against the U.S. Government. It pertained to territory Lincoln did not control. It was designed in hopes of creating a slave rebellion in the South that never happened.
■	Maryland and New York attempted to secede from the Union also. In Baltimore, Maryland, federal troops fired on unarmed protesters and state legislators became arrested before they could vote to secede. Riots against the federal government broke out in New York City. Federal troops got called in to stop the riots. Lincoln established civilian prison camps wherein thousands were placed because disagreeing with the federal government
■	Before the war. South Carolina and Louisiana were the richest states in the Union.
■	Before the war. there was no such thing as U.S. citisenship. You were a citisen of your state, not of the federal government. U.S. citisenship was implemented as a ploy by the United States to collect income and other taxes from the people of the sovereign states. This power wasn't granted by the original U.S. Constirution. (The Federal Reserve is privately owned by about a dozen families, only two of which are American.) Income tax time is another April event!
■	Lincoln implemented the first income tax.
■	State guards or militias were under the control of the states before the war. After the war, since state guards were used to fight against the invading federal armies, all state guards were federalised by the Dick Act.
■	The song Dixie was written by black farm workers who had been sold to a Northerner after their Southern owner, a man by the name of Dix, died. The Northern owner treated them badly. They would sing, and wish to be back in Dix'es land. The song caught on and was later written down and put to band music by a Northern song writer. It became the marching and working song of the South. However, it was not the Southern National Anthem.
■	God Save The South. written to be sung slow and high in a manner similar to The Star Spangled Banner, was the Confederate National Anthem. If you have never heard it, that’s because its singing was outlawed by the occupation forces after the South was invaded - since its words spoke of Southern Independence. Southrons began to sing the marching song Dixie instead! Which was still legal.
■	From the time Alabama withdrew from the Union until it joined the Confederacy, we were known as the Republic of Alabama, and had a flag with different designs on each side.
Confederate History Month has included the rally in Jackson, MS on April 14th. the protest at the Capitol in Montgomef^ on the 18th against remodeling its grounds, and the Heritage celebration in Hackneyville on the 21 st. More on Confederate History next month. For Dixie! CapeCSA@aol.com
*(Nor do we make apology that League of the South writers are today accustomed to using this Old Southron spelling. — Ed.)
Why is a Confederate History Month needed? Here the facts
join us>
10:00 AM Saturday June 2,2001] Alabama State Capitol Building Montgomery, Alabama
Jefferson Davis Birthda Memorial Ceremony
Speakers:
Dr. Michael Hill
President, League of the South
Avery Hudson Alabama Division Commander Sons of Confederate Veterans
Ronnie Simmons Past Alabama Division Commander Sons of Confederate Veterans
Rev. John Killian
8th Georgia Regimental Band
_______Ellen	Williams________
Confederate Reenactors to fire Cannon and Musket Salute
Our leaders must serve, not rule us
May 2001 The First Freedom 3
The Constitution of the United States / i V p",1Sr3fiI
Does Alabama want a constitutional convention?
What you must know the Alabama Constitution
not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
•The Eighteenth Amendment was ratified January 16,1919. It was repealed by the Twenty-First Amendment December 5, 1933.
••The Nineteenth Amendment was ratified
August 18, 1920.______________________________
For a free pocket-size copy of the U.S. Constitution, telephone 1-800-722-7494 or 1-877-778-9001.
believe that if property taxes go up, income and sales taxes will come down?
MYTH: A new constitution is needed to provide home rule.
FACT: There are two sides to the home rule issue. But, if we want home rule, we can provide for it by a simple constitutional amendment. We don’t need a new constitution to establish home rule.
MYTH: A convention is a safe way to write a new constitution.
FACT: We have no idea who might attend such a convention, how the delegates would be selected, who would lead it, by what rules they would proceed, what well-financed special interests would control them, or what kind of constitution they might devise. Alternatives do exist. Selective, well-chosen amendments are one alternative. The legislature’s current effort to redraft the Constitution article by article is another. But let us think carefully before rushing into a new convention. This means gambling with Alabama's future. □
(John Eidsmore is a retired Air Force Lt. Colonel and law professor at Faulkner State University. He has written numerous books and articles on the U.S. Constitution and other subjects.)

Cj
oo.
5100 Hwy 43 - Satsuma, Alabama 679-0168
Amendment XVIII.* Section 1. After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into, or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.
Section 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to en-
Some myths and facts about the Alabama constitution.
By John Eidsmore
A lot has been said recently about Alabama’s 1901 Constitution. In order to separate myth from fact I have taken some of the most commonly held myths and listed facts concerning those myths. My goal is to enlighten the public about a subject that is becoming highly politicized.
MYTH: Alabama's Constitution is the nation's oldest.
FACT: New Hampshire’s constitution was adopted in 1784, Vermont’s in 1793. Many other state constitutions predate Alabama's: Ohio 1851, Iowa 1857, Oregon 1859. Pennsylvania 1874, Wyoming 1889, Idaho 1890, and Delaware 1897. Closer to home, Tennessee’s constitution was adopted in 1870, Mississippi’s in 1890.
MYTH: The 1901 Alabama Constitution was dominated by reactionary bourbon fanners.
FACT: The convention had 155 delegates, elected from every county in the state. They deliberated for 82 days, dividing into 21 subcommittees to consider various details. They included two cx-govemors, two former Supreme Court justices, many former military officers
drew upon their vast experience and their careful study of the constitutions of other states and other countries.
MYTH: The Alabama Constitution is a segregationist document.
FACT: As one starts reading the
Thanks to Joyce Perrin, editor of www.citizenalert.net for making all of us more aware of the strange doings on Montgomery 9s Goat Hill, here detailed further by this writer.
By John Eidsmore
At a recent meeting, a person asked whether there are positive features of the Alabama Constitution that we want to preserve. My Answer is yes, there are many.
■	1) The Preamble invokes “the favor and guidance of Almighty God.'' To some this is trivial; to others it is wrong; the Framers believed it is an essential prerequisite to good government, and I agree.
I 2) The Declaration of Rights, Section 1, recognizes that men's rights are “endowed by their Creator." Jefferson asked, “Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are ... the gift of God?"
■	3) The Alabama Declaration of Rights contains a number of provisions that are not secured to us by the U.S. Constitution, among which:
A.	The requirement that the state proceed against criminal felony defendants only by grand jury indictment. In Hutado v. California the U. S. Supreme Court ruled that the 5th Amendment grand jury provision does not apply to the states, so we need the protection that Section 8 of the Alabama Declaration of Rights provides. Various civil liberties groups might share our concern here.
B.	Section 26 of the Alabama
force this article by appropriate legislation.
Section 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress.
Amendment XIX.** The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
Official Proceedings of the convention, one is shocked by the convention president’s speech endorsing white rule. But read the entire proceedings - all 5,070 pages -| and the focus is on the nuts and bolts of effective government. Still, the Alabama Constitution did have racist provisions. But these have been repealed or invalidated by court decisions. Was the Alabama Constitution a segregationist document in 1901? Unfortunately, yes. Is it a segregationist document today? Definitely not.
MYTH: The Alabama Constitution is unworkable because of its length and its many amendments.
FACT: The Constitution is long, but state constitutions in general tend to be longer and more specific than the U.S. Constitution. It has been amended more than 700 times, but most of these amendments relate to specific counties or cities and are of little concern to the rest of the state. We could streamline the Constitution by incorporating the general amendments into the main text, or by indexing the specific amendments alphabetically by counties. But the length and amendments are not as much a hindrance as the Constitution’s detractors claim.
MYTH: The Alabama Constitution retards economic development.
are so low or there is too little government regulation?
MYTH: A new constitution is needed for tax reform.
FACT: The issue is not tax reform, it is tax increase. Does anyone seriously
Declaration of Rights provides that “every citizen has a right to bear arms in defense of himself and the state." This is vital to our defense of the right to bear arms, because the Second Amendment may not protect us for two reasons: (1) Some argue, with little likelihood of success, that the Second Amendment protects only a collective right of the people to have a militia, not an individual right to bear arms; and (2) some argue, with greater probability of success, that the Second Amendment restricts only the federal government and is not incorporated and applied to the states. For these reasons, we definitely need this protection in our state constitution. We might use this to alert groups like the National Rifle Association, Gun Owners of America, and various sportsmen’s groups to this danger.
C.	With the Smith v. Oregon (1990) and Boerne v. Flores (1997) decisions, the U. S. Supreme Court greatly weakened the right to free exercise of religion as contained in the First Amendment, so that in most instances government agencies can infringe upon religious practices by showing only a reasonable relationship to a legitimate state purpose. To counter this, in 1998 Alabama adopted Amendment 622, the Alabama Religious Freedom Amendment, which provides the same kind of protection the federal courts gave under the First Amendment prior to 1990 -that government may not infringe upon a religious practice unless it has a compelling interest that cannot be achieved by less restrictive means. This means free exercise of religion is much better protected under the Alabama Constitution than under the U.S. Constitution as currently interpreted
by the Supreme Court. We don’t want to lose this protection. Various church groups should be alerted to this danger.
■	4) The limits on local governments’ authority to tax and regulate may be positive or negative features, depending on one’s point of view. I sense that the citizens as a whole are less enthusiastic about new taxes than are the editorial writers.
■	5) Section 37 contains a clear definition of Alabama's state boundaries. For reasons which are unclear to me, there is an effort to remove this from the Constitution. It seems to me it should remain.
■	6) Section 43 contains a clear and strong statement of separation of powers among the three branches of state government. The modem “wisdom" says that separation of powers is inefficient and slows down the workings of government, and that the American system of separation of powers should be replaced or modified in favor of the European parliamentary system in which the branches work more closely together. But the Framers saw the separation of powers and accompanying checks and balances as necessary to protect liberty and prevent usurpations and abuses of power. Again, I agree.
■	7) The 1999 vote on the lottery indicates that most Alabamians want to keep the Constitution’s prohibition on gambling. At any constitutional convention, we may be sure well-financed interests will be working to have those provisions removed.
Join the Council of Conservative Citizens, march in the next Southern heritage parade, or order flags, etc., by phone or email. Tim Meadows is at Southalabamaccc@cs.com and telephone 334-649-2236.
a different slant on the news
Here's what was ignored or mis reported elsewhere
DANGEROUS SLOGANS. When the Pierre Bossier Mall management in Bossier, LA asked strolling members of the UDC and Confederate Ladies Aid Society to leave, Pamela Lee Boliew said, “The funniest part is that I wasn’t even dressed in period clothing. Several of us were wearing street clothes. Myself, a pair of blue jeans and a teeshirt with faded battle flag background, and the words ‘Confederate P.O.W.’s, Common men, uncommon valor. Lest we forget’ (which I’m sure none of the people complaining noticed). Yet I was herded out with the rest of the group, squad cars pulling into the parking lot, police saying that as I had the right to keep anyone from being in my home, the mall had the same right. I could understand if we were causing a disturbance or making a scene, but we were just walking around in small groups, talking among ourselves, laughing and enjoying fellowship with our friends. I don’t understand and I guess I never will."
REPARATIONS ARE IN ORDER. For damages to all Southerners, the League of the South is now petitioning Congress to conduct a thorough, nonpartisan study of long neglected war crimes across the South from 1861-1865 in violation of the U. S. Constitution, the Law of Nations, and Executive Order 100, whereby the private property of noncombatants was ravaged, burned, stolen, and destroyed as a deliberate policy of an unconstitutional invasion, conquest, and occupation. Read either at http://www.southerncaucus.org/ron4.htm or http://southerncaucus.org and sign in.
KANGAROOS IN KENTUCKY. When Transylvania University learned racial slurs had been scrawled on a black student's door, no witnesses needed to testify before the portrait of alumnus and Confederate President Jenerson Davis was promptly found guilty and removed from a residence hall. The liberals' main source of excess acidity has been neutralized with the birth of this ingenious new technique. If you don’t like some work of art, scrawl racial slurs on a nearby door; the picture will be removed pronto. Such a transaction with staff or classmates could make an excellent political science class project
NO BITING INTO GREENSPAN’S COINS: “The Secret Service is investigating the highly detailed defacing, which is a federal crime," reported the Establishment press alongside an AP photo of a recently minted South Carolina quarter. Yes, someone is out there striking over the main image on our quarters with an indeed elegant Confederate flag image about 5/8" square, and Dailynews.yahoo.com is breaking the story! Should we tell them the fedgov coinage in our pockets is not real money and counterfeiting ought to be a bigger federal offense? (Should they tell us???)
“IT WAS AN HONOR to be with Christian Alabamians on April fourth in front of the Alabama Supreme Court to protest rewriting the state constitution," said Ken Hearin. “When I hear former Congressman Jack Edwards pull the race card as reported in the paper, and accuse these people of being racists - implying they want to keep an antiquated document to hold blacks down -1 get really skeptical of his motive. What the egalitarian elites really want is to raise everybody's taxes to pay for their pork barrel projects. Lt. Gov. Steve Windom has it right: if the Alabama Constitution is rewritten by the legislature, we all get the short end of the stick. We’ll lose our basic rights. Already, they have come up with language which weakens them. We must keep a vigilant eye on this situation. And throwing more tax money at Alabama schools is no cure, either; they're now egalitarian socialist training camps."
including at least one general, and numerous others from various walks of life. They
FACT: When is the last time a business refused to locate in Alabama because taxes
4 Tkc First Freedom May 2001	—	Mobile	—
Nineteen reasons to vote NO on school tax increase
Having been a member of the Alabama Textbook Committee under two governors> this writer knows what he's talking about
By Dan Daniels
1.	0 At first, the 12 mills was going to be double the proration shortfall (a 6.2 percent cut) in Mobile school funding.
2.	0 As of the April 20th Mobile Register, Governor Siegelman has ordered a 3.76 percent cut instead - which would mean the tax increases four times as much as the reduction of funds!
3.0	Property reappraisals are being made right now, so present millage will generate enough increase in taxes from this higher valuation of property alone.
4.	0 For years, public schools nationally have failed to improve no matter how much money they had. Long ago, public schools were good to excellent, so it’s not the money. Will educators, legislators and school boards be more likely to finally get the point with a yes or a NO vote? It's not just about higher taxes! Public schools not only have failed to teach basic arithmetic and reading, but have digressed too much from basic advanced curricula. And history is being untruthfully rewritten as in nazi Germany and the communist Soviet Union, with important facts left out and inconsequential events added. Affective education is emphasized too much, and cognitive too little. Only one scientific theory of origins is taught. Figuring should be mastered without calculators first, and computers should play no large part until at least
This writer's nomination for 44Most Liberal Politician in the Stale of Alabama ” would have to be the local mayor.
By Ben F. George, Jr.
Ckalraui, Frieodi of tkc Flog
Mike Dow, a man who has ruled over the City of Mobile for twelve years spending money like a house afire, sending the city 400 million dollars into debt, as with all liberal politicians hears of no politically correct cause not worth throwing other people’s tax. money at. Interest payments alone are higher, as a percentage, than the national debt; or, about thirty million dollars in a 200 million dollar municipal budget. Like all liberal politicians, his answers to the growing deficit can be defined as anything except reduced spending. First deny, then say it’s not so bad as people think; next, perform bookkeeping illusions moving money around, delaying actual spending, changing projections. Make it so complicated people have a hard time understanding. Confuse, obstruct, ridicule them when they try to get a grasp on it And finally, tell people there are others paying more taxes than themselves. Use this as reason to increase fees and taxes at every opportunity.
1 must be fair and say Mike Dow does a few things differently than other liberal politicians. Becoming famous for saving money by holding back employee raises, bonuses and benefits, he holds the line at keeping MTA employees off the city payroll when additional benefits might cost the city funds. He even “forgets” to give cost of living raises to city retirees. Just ask them yourselves.
Like all liberal politicians, Mike Dow can never slow down spending on things he thinks would be good for us. It reminds me of aspoiled kid who threatens to pitch a fit if be runs out of building blocks for his “pretend city.” Or an antebellum plantation owner who is unremitting in forcing his slaves to work harder and harder building what he wills for us.
Ask yourself: how did he get into office
middle school (junior high).
5.	0 Discipline needs to be established. State law and Mobile school policy allow corporal punishment such as spanking. It’s just not applied.
6.	0 Should the parents of public school children failing to make it because of defective curricula, and in some cases unusual numbers of poor teachers, be made to pay an even greater tax for which they have received nothing in return? Some of these students even reach college without being able to read! Many drop out and turn to crime.
7.	0 Educators are unwilling to be fair with a voucher or equivalent arrangement that will put an end to private and home school parents having to still pay for the public school education their children are not receiving. It is fair to tax them their proportion to help educate the children who are in the public schools, but not the amount that it would have cost to school their own children if they had been in the public schools of Alabama.
8.0	Public school teachers don’t complain much these days about pay, as they have received many raises in recent years and now get close to the national average; even more on cost of living adjustments. Since this makes up 85% of the Mobile budget, why should it be immune from a very small cut? The legislature could do what’s necessary with teacher assent, or if it dared! 9. 0 Deceptive scare tactics would have you add to your local tax burden. An increase of any kind anywhere raises the approximate 50% tax burden the average American pays overall. Don't worry, you
in the first place? Well, the main campaign theme used to beat Mayor Outlaw being wasteful spending, it was said the Mobile Convention Center (at that time only on the drawing board) was a waste, and voters should have the final say by referendum.
We know what happened when voters agreed with this logic and elected Mike Dow. Like an explosion, not a season passes that we don’t hear of still another “pearl” Mobile will soon be acquiring. At last count I found 16 of 18 “pearls” were downtown. Have you seen any discussions from the mayor's offices about polling the people, or perhaps a referendum, to decide?
Well, the people are showing their opinion every time annexation is put before them. They voted a resounding NO three times in ten years to the idea of giving Mike Dow their tax dollars. Which is my opportunity to say, remember the boycott! and keep those dollars out of Mobile.
Last but not least I submit Mike Dow is the most liberal politician in the State of
These mediacrais keep dealing that R-card from the bottom of their stacked agenda, knowing the brainwashed will believe anything they're told about the Council of Conservative Citizens.
http://confedenite.50megs.coni/
“What are your chances of working for Mobile County?” asks the above website sponsored by the South Alabama Chapter, Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC), from which this report is adapted.
Answer: for blacks 80%, all others 20%.
Has Freeman Jockisch simply stood by while citizens within his District 2 were discriminated against?
The South Alabama Chapter CofCC says he has, and is attempting to persuade a couple of Mobile County Commissioners, Freeman Jockisch and Sam Jones, that they were elected by their constituents to represent all the citizens of those respective districts.
won’t lose football; and, fortunately or unfortunately, they won’t close the public schools.
10. 0 Money is not the answer to better schools. States that spend twice as much or more per pupil have as bad or worse test scores. Utah for one spends the same amount as Alabama and is ranked first or second on test scores.
11.0	There is enough overall state money into which the governor and legislature can tap to meet any real or perceived fund shortage.
12.	0 There is documented waste and neglect concerning school maintenance, plus overpriced construction labor and materials along with charges of favoritism in selecting contractors.
13.	0 Established as well as new teachers should be tested since there are so many incompetent ones, and checked for police records. Known sex perverts shouldn’t be teaching; and children should not be taught that any sin is okay, nor that there are no absolutes, no right or wrong.
14.	0 Renters do pay the tax, because it is passed on by landlords and sometimes for a larger amount
15.	0 Most small and medium-sized businesses are against this tax, which big companies running the chamber of commerce are for. It can amount to quite a sum, and they don’t relish increasing prices while passing it on to customers like you and me; but we’ll pay theirs in addition to the tax levied directly.
16.	0 The chamber is given several hundred thousand dollars each year of our tax money, some of which in effect is used
Alabama because he thinks he knows better than you what is best. 1 just mentioned his spending without consultation. Add to that the feet that he hates the Southern heritage of those who elected him. But suffice it to say Mike Dow has tirelessly, systematically, moved to demean and censor all things traditionally Southern. Even now, he is moving to make the new Mobile Museum an exhibit one would expect to find in a town like Boston or New York. Ever heard the phrase, “Heart of Dixie,” Mr. Dow?
He knows full well the people will be enraged when they see it. Why do you think the opening day has been postponed till after the election, when it could easily be much sooner? Anyone who publicly dissents will find himself excluded from our community by...you guessed it: Mike Dow.
Trust him? I don’t think so. More next month. Till then, may you have Dixie days in a Dixie town. Mobile!
But, according to his recent campaign flyers, Mr. Jones, who is African-American, boasts that since 1987, 80% of all county employees hired have been black. The local CofCC chapter has had representatives attending county commission meetings to challenge the blatant discrimination that such a hiring record indicates. In fact, they say it goes beyond discrimination to pure and open racism by Commissioner Jones.
Mr. Jockisch, who represents a 98% white constituency, had no comment as to why he cooperates with Jones in hiring practices that discriminate against those in his own part of the county. Now flyers continually passed out by this new local group ask the simple question: “Whom does Freeman Jockisch represent, the people of his district or Sam Jones?????”
By broadcasting straight facts to the citizens of Mobile County, the CofCC hopes they will make their displeasure known about these two politicians in the next county commission election.
Says one leaflet, "District 2 is clearly
to finance this campaign for higher taxes.
17.	0 The industrial development board is coughing up thousands to assault our principled position.
18.	0 Many of those large companies that promised years ago to start paying sums in lieu of the tax breaks they received back then haven’t done so. But, apparently, they are all in favor of individuals, as per you, paying the increase.
19.	0 It is certainly true that companies we try to recruit look for a well-educated populace. But public schools all over the nation are 'deplorable. This tax increase won’t solve the problem hereabouts. The suggestions contained herein will.
(Those living in Mobile might wish to confer with Dan Daniels on his talk show Saturdays 1 - 2 pm over Radio 1360am WMOB before voting on May 15.-Ed.)
Here’s a source of straight info you will not find in the Mullet Wrapper
Citizen John’s Comer
Two important elections are coming up shortly. On May 15th Mobile is to vote a confused ticket of property tax choices. Outsmart the Establishment, know what is actually on the ballot Stop by CJ’s Schillinger Rd. Fleamarket booth up by the front office between 10 am and 2 pm Saturday, May 12th and, while there, get your campaign literature for the equally consequential mayoral election coming up August 28. Then sign Joe Ringhoffer’s petition for majority rule in the Mobile City Council / to replace the gerrymandered farce of \ “supermajority” wheeling and dealing, j CJ, when asked to confirm the above info, wanted you to be reminded, that:
Any tax increase is forever!
M&M
THE MOBILE MUGWUMPS
I always heard that a mugwump was a fence straddler person with no strong opinions. He had his “mug” on one side of the fence and his “wurap” hanging over the
other side.
Pretty well sums up most of the people in Mobile that don’t want to get involved in the problems that we arc trying to reverse.
TIRED OF IT.
being denied equal and fair representation due to the weak and spineless leadership of Commissioner Freeman Jockisch. The South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens is here to stand up for our fellow citizens and stop the double standards and the practice of reverse discrimination by the Mobile County Commission.
“As concerned citizens of Mobile County, we are asking you to join us in demanding Commissioner Freeman Jockisch's resignation based on the fact that he no longer equally respects and represents the citizens of district 2.”
Harsh language? Well, yes. And, to be sure. The First Freedom is receiving cautions that this coverage ought to be toned down a bit; you're not supposed to do both sides of a story.
Fair enough. We’ll waste no ink on an overexposed liberal experiment whose time has come and gone, reserving our limited space for state and local information which
is hard to come by : all the news that's unfit
for the Establishment to print.
STRING OF PEARLS:
Mike Dow: most liberal politician in Alabama
Establishment racists call concerned citizens racists
— The South —	May 2001 The Firat Freedom 5
Conservative counterpoint unwelcome alongside peecee newspapers?
Into the breach! The Harbinger i editor has moved up north •..
March 13,2001 Ms. Barbara Drummond County of Mobile Public Affairs 205 Government Street Mobile, AL. 36644
RE: Permission for newspaper rack at courthouse
Dear Ms. Drummond:
Permission is requested to place a newspaper rack in the Mobile County Courthouse to offer the public free sample distribution copies of The First Freedom by means of a wire rack alongside the elevator. The paper is published monthly. Yours truly,
s/ Olaf Childress, Editor
March 26,2001 We received your request to place a newspaper distribution rack In Mobile Government Plaza. You mentioned during a brief telephone conversation earlier this month that the Harbinger publication had a distribution rack In the elevator lobby of the Plaza. We were not aware of the rack's location. Upon inspection, we realize that you were
absolutely correct. However, the rack was placed in the lobby without the permission of Mobile County. Since learning of the rack's location, it has been moved to an approved area where other newspaper racks are located. The area b located directly outside the Plaza's Government Street entrance. The First Freedom newspaper has permission to place a distribution rack in the approved area. Permission is hereby granted, contingent upon the rack display not be offensive to any individual or group. Please feel free to contact us at (134) 574-5688 If further assistance is warranted. With best regards, I am
Sincerely Yours,
s/ Barbara Drummond
March 31,2001
Dear Ms. Drummond:
I am astonished that the Harbinger newspaper rack was situated right beside the lobby elevator all this time in the building where you work, although, as you say, without permission from Mobile County, and you have only presently noticed its existence “upon inspection.** Our telephone conversation having affirmed your being
aware the Harbinger is newly out of business (because its editor, Edmund Tsang, has just swapped his University of South Alabama faculty post for a job at Michigan), how can relocating that liberal tabloid's rack to an approved area outside the courthouse make any difference now? What does make a difference is your desiring our newspaper rack in front of the courthouse, if placed alongside those dozen others, ours atone, to “not be offensive to any individual or group.** Ms. Drummond, do you realize Mobilians are daily offended by the capitalist/socialist
Mississippi smiling
Mississippi had 60,000 casualties in the war and few of them owned slaves or cared about slavery. Now revisionist historians have assigned racist motives to their fight for independence. We are the descendants of those men, and their sacrifice has earned them the right to be remembered on our flag.
Those who want to change our Confederate past are going to meet stiff resistance. Mike Hays Olive Branch, MS
agenda advocated by newspapers now on sale at that spot - The Mobile Register, USA Today, WSJ and The NY Times - and would welcome our modest little tabloid? Please consider what the First Amendment has to say about The First Freedom's counterpoint
Yours truly,
Olaf Childress, Editor
|At press time four weeks having gone by with no further reply, informed Ms. Drummond is a former employee of the Mobile Register we expect none. — Ed.)
Georgia wears rag
Fourteen legislators voting to censor the Georgia state flag in January received packages containing a rubber snake with the message, “this flag won’t fly.”
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation is reportedly on that case!
“Well,” intones Bill Ebb, “If the media won’t report true bias crimes and mortal dangers to the body politic, nor any of the numerous rallies still being held against flag 'compromises,* maybe anonymous trinkets and gags will get their attention.”
Heritage. “The issue for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, although it may be in another time and in another form.” - Jefferson Davis
(Continued from page 1)
As our contingent from the Mobile area passed out copies of The First Freedom, Ellen Williams stepped to the microphone and sang that part of “God Save the South,” one of the earliest songs written after secession (whose lyrics are shown at right); following which, if I do say so myself, it was enough to erase a peecee scalawag’s smile when John Cripps, Free Mississippi Chairman and probably the state's next governor, excoriated politicians on why this rally had been necessary. To paraphrase. Politics: poly for many and ticks for bloodsuckers. They took down South Carolina's flag, Georgia’s and Florida's without a referendum. Here, we at least vote on what never should have been an issue. Next Tuesday's ballot was ordered after the state Supreme Court determined our 1894 flag had no official standing because its design wasn't “carried forward” when state laws got updated in 1906. It offended nobody then, nor in all the years since. Until lately. Now, all of a sudden the leftists having gotten their demands and needing another cause, it offends them. This capitol, on whose steps I stand, wasn’t “carried forward” in 1906. Does it therefore not exist? On the left is one legislative chamber and to my right the other, here laws are made. Before saying you're not qualified to run for office, do you think these people qualified? Reporters don't want anybody offended, so they say; but, if we're offended by this new flag design, and vote to keep our old one, will they finally leave us alone? You know they won’t, Mr. Cripps. Little of what appears here will be seen in other media outlets. Despite the overwhelming role of FreeMississippi.org and John Cripps. most people in your state found not a single reference to this demonstration, because it looks like the Mississippi media are scared to death of your organization. You have a real chance of winning the Governor’s race in 2003. Hence, they’re playing up the vote as a race issue which it plainly is not, as shown by the ballots in many predominately black counties. This same mediacracy is threatening your state with a NAACP boycott without reporting South Carolina’s record tourist year during the boycott of that state. The joke going around other Southern states is that a boycott by NAACP can have a positive impact: “How can we get the NAACP to boycott us?”
Keynote speaker and League of the South President Dr. Michael Hill took this
theme further: “Everywhere I speak, some reporter always chirps in, ‘The war is over, why don’t you give it up?* to which I then reply, ‘The war is not over till we win!’"
Thunderous response. Dr. Hill’s opinion of liberal pundits matching my own. For, ten days earlier, standing on the Alabama Supreme Court steps beside Kayla Moore, I had listened as Mobile Register reporter Jeff Amy attacked Chief Justice Roy S. Moore’s wife who opposed his newspaper's demand for a new constitution: “Why are you here? Is it proper for you to speak against changing Alabama's outdated constitution? Don’t you know it’s the oldest and longest, most confusing of all 50 states?” Misinformed on all counts, several other states having older, longer, and. just possibly more jumbled charters than ours, it may be that Jeff doesn’t like the Alabama Constitution's unequivocally guaranteeing each man the right to bear arms to protect his family.
Next day after those hundreds of people had gathered before the Mississippi Capitol and made the most historic statement of all time against media-manipulated news, the Mobile Register censored that argument with scissors and paste. While printing 200 column inches of interviews with anybody across the state planning to vote on Tuesday for the 107-year-old flag’s removal, and no word on the majority opinion expressed at this widely announced Saturday rally in Jackson, the Register compounded its duplicity in the same Sunday, April 15 issue by devoting still more space advocating (i.e., polling and predicting) a yes vote on increased taxes at a May 15 referendum in its own area. Any newspaper that thinks higher taxes will pass, afler being voted down repeatedly, either has more faith in its propaganda than in the people or is being manipulated from without.
No problem. All the Register's writers at high dudgeon could never have captured the spirit of Jackson, Mississippi that day, the sleeping South having awakened. Ten days later, another jubilant crowd gathered atop Goat Hill in Montgomery, telling the Alabama Hysterical Commission (okay. Historical Commission) that Washington’s bribe of $6 million for turning our Capitol of the Confederacy into a civil rights shrine was to be declined, encircling the Capitol with state and battle flags, singing Dixie and God Save the South, waving placards that denounced Governor Don Siegelman as a scalawag, shouting more cheers and hurrahs than ten Jeff Amys could ever have explicated. With shouts for NWO agents to “Pack your carpetbags!” filling the air, Charles Bodenheimer of Tallassee marched
into Governor Siegelman's office and, when “the Don” refused to appear, handed his secretary a bag containing 30 dimes. “Thirty pieces of silver for betraying our sacred Capitol,” said young Charles.
Speaking to the crowd and calling for a boycott of the liberal media behind this mess, I suggested turning to patriot talk shows, tabloid newspapers (Citizens Alert Citizens Informer, Southern Events, . The First Freedom) and email sites for much more reliable information about what the crooks are up to, how we can fight that propaganda while waking up the public, plus which way those “representatives” of ours vote key issues in the adjacent State House and for which we're keeping score. Oh yes, the report cards will come out. That afternoon 1 checked with Bill Status as to how our interests have been voted thus far in the current session. Can you believe it looks like the whole class is about to flunk this first annual test?
Next evening I attended a League of the South organizational meeting for its new chapter at Tillmans Comer. Already they’re getting geared up to run candidates in the next elections, confirming Dr. Hill’s line in the sand while pledging firm commitment to saving our heritage. I gave a report on the Montgomery shenanigans: three of our 12 key bills as voted thus far in the House -HB21, which requires public facilities to fly the Alabama flag, 87-0 Yea. So far. so good. But HB63, abolishing Article One (or the Alabama Bill of Rights) 88-0 Yea and HB64 (to redraw county lines and install regional government) 89-1 Yea. are proof that it’s all a farce. Did you notice? One dissenting vote for all three bills? Does that look like the same process we get at county commission meetings, where all has been agreed in secret and the Alabama Sunshine Law becomes a mockery?
Like the Grand Ole Opry which came in parts, one praising Brewton Snuff and another Purina Feeds, the second Dixiefest picnic - this segment on Dauphin Island -drew a small but spirited crowd, following as it did that big Mississippi vote to retain our sister state's flag with its historic stars and bars. Flying also in a stiff breeze off the Gulf were battle flags galore, for the Confederate history and Southern heritage these natives vowed will not die nor back up another inch from today's misguided souls of political correctness. Ben George and his Friends of the Flag were more into good Dixie music, crawfish and barbecued ribs than speech making, although I did get in a few words describing my reading of late: that the political winds have shifted.
What 1 had seen one week earlier in
Jackson, I said, was that the people are “tired of it,” and aren’t taking it any more.
Former Mobile County Commissioner Gary Tanner - who loved his apologists at the local daily newspaper more than his constituents - got a taste of what’s coming for carpetbaggers and scalawags in the next election if I haven’t misread that Jackson crowd, many of them from Alabama.
Confederate History Month was one beautiful celebration! I’m looking forward to next year's events, and patriots burying their differences in a common cause. D
God save the South.
God save the South,
Her Altars and firesides God save the South.
Now the great war is nigh Now that we arm to die Chanting our battle cry. Freedom or death
Chanting our battle cry. Freedom or death.
God be our shield At home or afield.
Stretch thine arm over us Strengthen to save.
What! though they’re three to one.
Forward each sire and son. Fight till the victory's done Fight to the grave.
Fight till the victory's done Fight to the grave.
God made the right Stronger than might Millions would trample us Down in their pride.
Lay thou their legions low Roll back the ruthless foe Let the invader know God's on our side
Let the invader know God’s on our side.
God Save the South God Save the South.
Her altars and firesides God save the South.
Now the great war is nigh Now that we arm to die Chanting our battle cry Freedom or death.
Chanting our battle cry Freedom or death.
— Dallas County —
See ya in Mobile Federal Court, Mayor Perkins and Selma Rose!
As reported in our last issue, to celebrate black history month f CSA GeneralN.B. Forrest's monument was vandalized by Selma Rose Sanders and a troop of partying blacks defying the law - for now. By Patricia S. Godwin
Selma's black Mayor Perkins still can't say why General Forrest had to be moved from one city-owned property to another in the same historic neighborhood without relocating others raised with less authority than was given to erect this monument. He literally walked away from Benny Austin at the meeting on Monday noon, Feb. 26. This is our ultimate race-based injury.
General Forrest is now at Confederate Circle in Old Live Oak Cemetery, where more than 156 Confederate soldiers were laid to rest by the Ladies Memorial
Stinging rebukes
The Internet has seen much rage against Daniel Ruth fs diatribe, a lot more attention than any scalawag writer deserves. Let 9s hear Mobile 9s bamagall2@bellsouth.net on why we drew that line in the sand; and, then file him under deleted items.
By Linda Sewell
Mr. Daniel Ruth is not fit to write for a Southern-based newspaper. To allow this type of insult to the people of the South who purchase this liberal rag is an outrage. I sincerely hope that every subscriber to your journal cancels his subscription. Maybe Mr. Ruth should attempt to work for some Northern newspaper where they would have “hissy fits" about such racist dialogue. They might absolutely love him up there! He writes what every liberal Jongs to read.
Southerners to him are "crybabies" for demanding war crimes reparations. But I don’t recall any mention of reparations being sought by the racist NAACP, the Jesses and others asking reparations for the biggest group of crybabies on this planet: the blacks. If it weren’t for handouts.
Association back in 1873. The cemetery is beautiful, peaceful and serene, its dirt drivethroughs lined with magnificent live oaks more than 135 years old, magnolia trees encompassing Confederate Circle with low hanging branches draped in sleepy Spanish moss. The cherries were in full bloom, giving an angelic heavenly softness to the circle where General Forrest proudly watches over his gallant soldiers. One lady, interviewed as she watched the general lowered onto his new foundation, reflected, “My grandfather fought for the Confederacy and he's buried right here. I think the general should have been allowed to remain at the Smitherman Building, but since he was brought here 1 am certain my granddaddy is mighty proud to have the general join him and his brave comrades at Confederate Circle!"
Now the shelling, the bombing, the negotiations are over. President Jefferson
giveaways, quotas, etc., the latter would probably be in dire need of reparations. However, due to all the above, reparations are no longer required. They have been paid in full. Still, he fails to mention their crying, and demands for more handouts! Dual standards, eh, Mr. Ruth?
Mr. Ruth seems to think it quite hilarious that Sherman torched the South, and would appear eager to have someone attempt it once again. What he doesn’t understand is that slavery was legal under the U. S. Constitution, illegal under the Confederate Constitution, while war crimes were illegal under any constitution.
Davis said, “The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form."
The time is now. This month, the battlefield will be in Mobile Federal Court. Courtroom tactics and strategy the form, our weapon the constitution. Endurance is in our blood, our strength is the Lord, and victory will be the reward: Cod vindicating our cause because the South was right and the South is still right!
I believe divine Providence brought the general back to Selma; otherwise this monument would never have become reality. The reason is yet to be revealed!
We have a very good team of lawyers confident this case is winnable, and our victory will add another case-law reference against future and retroactive heritage attacks. I believe it’s going to be our Gettysburg - the turning point in a war of
But, for heavens sake, don't let the truth stop this idiot from writing his racist, hate-filled words to a people who simply wanted to be left alone but were illegally invaded by the Union army of the North by commands of a tyrant!
If he thinks for one moment that blacks would be better off in Africa presently than they are here after having had their ancestors endure slavery, maybe he needs to take a long-needed vacation to Africa and see for himself what life is like today in the homeland of all those former slaves. I betcha he wouldn’t want to live there either! League of the South President Dr.
cultural genocide. The Friends of Forrest Monument Committee is incorporated and drawing a line in the sand. We thank each and everyone's financial and moral support, your prayers, trips to Selma and participation in the entire project.
See our www.forrestmonument.org website for the entire Forrest Report. Stay behind these efforts for vindication and justice by purchasing the 1 hour 48 minute video and/or commemorative collage with the dedication and unveiling. Parade for Tolerance, and a brief excerpt from the Jan. 15 “lynching attempt" against the general, plus excerpts from the Battle of Selma and music by the 5th Alabama Regimental Band and Bobby Horton.
It belongs in your heritage library! Videos S25 plus $5 S&H, the collage $20 plus $5 S&H.
Never has the phrase meant so much to me: "See ya in court! ”
Michael Hill has never sought a
“return to that wonderful ‘lifestyle* of working morning to night in cotton fields for no money in the service of our masters, while being shackled and whipped by overseers, only to return to our hovels in the evening for a bowl of gruel, we’d be so much better off.” Mr. Ruth knows nothing of which he speaks. The large majority of slaves were not handled as such, but rather treated very well by their masters: not starved, shackled nor chained as so wrongly depicted by this idiot Ruth. Why would a slave-owner pay for a slave, then beat, starve and overwork him? Please ask Mr. Ruth to use a little common sense, since he is so obviously without education.
Mr. Ruth's ignorance is superceded only by his arrogance and stupidity, none these an admirable trait. Go back to schooL Mr. Ruth. Learn the truth about that Northern Invasion, slavery and every other topic you touch upon in your sorrowful attempt at journalism (what a laugh!). Mr. Ruth, you are not only a disgrace to the South but to humanity as well. Get a real job and leave us Southerners alone, we don't need your kind stirring this pot of racial divisiveness. □
chase mediacrat who wrote the wrong stinging rebuke
“In making its case that the denizens of Dixie should be paid reparations for so-called 'atrocities* perpetrated against the Confederacy during the Civil War, an organization called the League of the South claims it has collected nearly 1,400 signatures on a petition.
“Gee, that's an awful lot of ‘X’s.’"
So began Daniel Ruth’s April 22 attempt at smearing whitey's Southern pride in the usual way. The Tampa Tribune hasn’t stopped eating crow since. Buried under a mountain of angry letters, canceled subscriptions and advertisers looking elsewhere, the Tribune may fold. Word is that Ruth has been given leave, the newspaper never meant a word of it, and... oh, boo hoo!
Here's hoping none of the other liberal papers become aware that Southern Independence Day was declared in Jackson, Mississippi April 14, 2001 - until after they’ve followed the Tribune’s path to oblivion.
Homosexual activists recruited by Bush administration
Our media are overly sensitive to the demands of deviant ulifestyles99 and mtitiantiy hostile to traditional values. Here is uDubya ’s” position.
«vw4ndMouKili«iof| Washington, DC - The Traditional Values Coalition is troubled that “the appointment of homosexual activists Scott Evertz to head the White House AIDS policy office and Stephen Herbits to screen Defense Department employees sends an unfortunate message to those concerned about AIDS, military readiness and morale,*' said TVC’s Chairman Rev. Louis P. Sheldon.
Scott Evertz has stated that one of his first tasks is to reduce the “stigma** of homosexuality within the black community as a way of slowing the spread of AIDS. This is “homosexual-speak” and is an effort to use the dignity of the White House to
promote homosexuality in our culture. By saying he wants to reduce the “stigma" against homosexuality in black communities, Evertz is using a euphemism to describe his real objective: to actively promote homosexuality among blacks. If he does this, he will have to target black pastors who preach against homosexuality as a sin.
“Will Evertz attempt to violate the religious liberties of black pastors to preach from the Bible against sin? If he does, he will have a major battle on his hands," observes Rev. Sheldon. A recent CDC survey of young black homosexuals in their 20s indicated that as many as 30% of them are HIV infected. “Homosexuals -regardless of their race — are becoming infected with HIV because of their sexual behaviors, not because of any stigma," said Rev. Sheldon. “Homosexual activists are claiming that homophobia is also a cause
TO SAVE THE STATE CAPITOL - CRADLE OF THE CONFEDERACY
W« the undersigned, totally object to plans by Gov. Don Sicgelman, Lee Warner and Bill Clinton to reshape, reword, remove or shift existing statues on the capitol grounds or to add memorials to commemorate the civil rights protest against the State of Alabama. It is historically incorrect and inaccurate to honor a protest against the state by commemorating such at the capitol. Additionally, the capitol in Montgomery is the site of the birthplace of a republic, the CSA. We demand the passage of HOUSE BILL 186, the defeat of HB 620 and the resignation of Lee Warner.
N—	Sip—r **	‘	Full	Address
PI— HP copm. lip Pd mail petmem lo Confederac Hcmap Fuad. P.Q. Box 771, Andahua. Alabama 36420.
of HIV infections, but this a lie. It is homosexual sex that spreads AIDS, not social opposition to deviant sex practices.
“If Evertz attempts to destigmatize homosexual intercourse in the black community, he is going to increase the spread of AIDS in that community. Evertz may unwittingly help create a more serious AIDS epidemic if he encourages more blacks to engage in homosexual acts.
“We do not pour gasoline on a fire to control its spread," said Rev. Sheldon. “Nor should we attempt to reduce the spread of AIDS by encouraging blacks to approve of homosexual behavior."
Rev. Sheldon is also alarmed with Stephen Herbits' appointment by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. Herbits is to screen job applicants for the Pentagon. He has been senior counsel at Window Communications, a pro-homosexual public relations firm, and was an original member
of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), a group that promotes the normalization of homosexuality in our culture.
Herbits is also a longtime friend of Clinton confidant David Mixncr, an activist homosexual. “Herbits' appointment sends a message to Congress that the Defense Department openly supports homosexuals in the military, despite the Congressional ban," said Sheldon. “Herbits is an advocate for overturning this ban - despite the intent of Congress and senior military officials to protect the Armed Forces from homosexual activism. This appointment is a slap in the face to our servicemen and to Congress."
The Traditional Values Coalition is an interdenominational public policy organization comprising more than 43,000 churches across the continental United States and Puerto Rico. For more information, call Christy Moore at 202-547-8570.
We dare defend our rights
The hour is late, citizen. Government at all levels is momentarily out of control, the good news being that a growing number of us are finally waking up to such wild grabs for power. Thanks to The First Freedom, the Internet, Citizens Informer, Southern Events, Citizens Alert and radio talk shows across the state, these key bills on which we are basing a first Alabama legislators’ report card will tell you which ones may be worth keeping come election time, if any.
Elwin thinks whoever votes for an incumbent ought to have his taxes doubled.
Meanwhile, Ellen says we need action
today to save HB 186 - which will guard all our monuments, school and street names, plaques, everything. Please begin calling legislators, she begs, as many as you can.
Apparently they have not heard from enough of us to date. Call now and tell them to stop shifting the Special Order Calendar and put HB 186 on the substitute special order calendar for immediate vote. Siegelman. Hammet. and Warner are trying to kill our bill. Bob McKee has requested it be brought up several times, and each time “the three" have circumvented it. The main switchboard number is 334-242-7600.
— the search tor justice —
May 2001 The First Freedom 7
Local VF W wants answers for removal of World War I Monument
An historical monument listing Clarke County soldiers who died in World War I disappeared from before the courthouse in Grove Hill recently. Controversy grows9 as local veterans demand answers from the county commission.
By Jim DeWitt
The monument, erected in 1924, listed the names of white soldiers on the front and black soldiers on the back. It has been replaced by a monument listing the names of those soldiers in alphabetical order. The old monument was unceremoniously dumped behind the courthouse and no one seems to know the whole truth surrounding the incident.
Luther Parden, District Commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, wants some answers. Parden says the process involved in removing the original monument was wrong.
•'This was changed without the VFW knowing anything about it," Parden said. "Someone, or some organization, has gone in there and removed the old tablet from the World War I Memorial. They put in a
new one that has the flags on backwards, names are spelled wrong, and they even have flags with fifty stars. World War I was fought under a flag with forty-eight stars. We’ve gotten all kinds of answers, but we really don’t know who did this or who is responsible for it."
There are serious implications that a law was broken in the removal of the monument. The current county commission knew nothing about the change and did not give approval for this act. Clarke County Administrator Ellen Toland says the county did not pay for the new monument.
Known is only that a former county commission chairman who lost his bid for reelection last year signed a document without commission vote or approval authorizing the change of the 1924 tablet, an act many citizens view as arrogance and utter disregard for the democratic process. Clayton Frowner has admitted giving his approval.
“We can’t find out who paid for this," Parden said. “We have no idea. One NAACP member says his organization did not pay for it and another one says it did. That’s not right and it’s unauthorized.
“The legitimate World War I tablet is in the National Historical Register. In order to
get permission to do something like this, someone would have to come before the county commission. When I try to find out, nobody knows who is responsible."
Frowner says he granted the change in monuments when he was commission chairman because the monument memorialized a time when the “Ku Klux Klan was active and effective" in the political arena and he “changed it when it came across my desk." He added that he was unsure who paid for the change, but said the county did not.
“We won’t settle for anything less than putting the old marker back in place," Parden said. “We're told that the NAACP met with Frowner three and a half years ago and got this authorized by Frowner only. This move is unethical."
Citizens cannot understand how a monument of this size could be removed in broad daylight and replaced by another without anyone noticing and inquiring what was taking place. Since the removal of the original monument, the Clarke County Commission met (April 10th) and came up with a plan attempting to settle the issue. Commissioner Jessie J. Robinson, who is black, asked commissioners to vote for removing the new monument and that it
be placed in storage with the original until an answer “workable to all parties"could be found. Robinson named a committee -two blacks and two whites - to develop ideas for submission to the commission in seeking a solution.
County Attorney Bruce Wilson asked the audience, cautioning the media in particular, to “please understand that this committee has no decision making powers. Only the county commission can legally make a decision on this matter."
Wilson refused to be interviewed by a local radio station regarding the matter. Asked if a criminal act had been committed since it was his legal opinion that only the county commission could okay removal and replacement of the monument, Wilson replied, “I don’t know. I’m not a criminal lawyer."
A phone call to the Alabama Attorney General’s office got the same response from Joyce Patterson: “I don’t know if a criminal act has been committed in this matter."
Despite the county commission’s April 10th ruling to remove the new monument, it was still in place as of press time.
(Shades of Selma! Is this what peecee law of the jungle comes down to? - Ed.]
Goodbye, media myths of Honest Abe. Hello to the documented facts
By Bob Taylor rhe Mobile Register on April 16 spit out again at the League of the South's petition for reparations. First they try to imply that there was a “civil war" in this nation. A civil war is two factions fighting for control of a government. In the War for Southern Independence the Confederate government did not wish to control the Northern one. And. contrary to what they would have you believe, the war has not formally ended. Some commanders in the field surrendered, but the Confederate government never signed any surrender documents. President Jefferson Davis was held in chains for two years, and finally released because they had nothing they could charge him with.
The editors of the Mobile Register would have you believe that government by consent of the governed, or freedom, does not exist. Apparently they haven’t heard of. nor read, our founding organic documents - like the statute of July 4th, 1776. which states, “That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government..." and the Constitution for the State of Alabama. Article 1, Section 2, "That all political power is inherent in the people, and all free governments are founded on their authority, and instituted for their benefit: and that, therefore, they have at all times an inalienable and indefeasible right to change their form of government in such manner as they may | deem expedient"
Did not the thirteen colonies have a right to secede from England? Hov^about | Poland, Estonia, Lithuania and other peoples? What do you think of the United States helping Panama in its secession
fat/re/of (/idtfy to f/tc Go/H/fiff/lMt
CYia//c//yc
Captain Bob Taylor:
League of the South President Dr. Michael Hill (“The war is not over till we win!") has sent you to take position southwest of occupied Mobile. Be of| heart that the Council of Conservative I Citizens is already on that city’s north. Captain Tim Meadows in charge there. And. of course. Mississippi has routed the foe by fair vote. So you aren’t alone. Please accept this Laurel of Reply to the Communist Challenge. Deo vindice!
from Colombia?
From the pen of Thomas Jefferson in his famous Kentucky Resolutions, November, 1798: “Resolved, That the several States composing The United States of America, are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their Central Government; but that by compact, under the style and title of a constitution of the United States, and of amendmenta thereto, they constituted a Genera] Government for special purposes, delegated to that Government certain definite powers, reserving, each State to itself, the residuary mass of right to their own self-government; and, that whensoever the General Government assumes undelegated powers, its acts are unauthoritive, void, and of no force; that to this compact each State aceded as a State, and is an integral party; that this Government, created by this compact, was not made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers delegated to itself;
Alabama needs action on flag bill
The Confederate History celebration in llackneyville was a success. Dr. Michael I lill was there in person to give a speech. We had the worlds largest Confederate battle flag there between two light poles at the ball field. This flag, the one that draped the capital steps in South Carolina, was brought to the meeting by Leonard Wilson, secretary of the Alabama Constables Association and an executive member of the Council of Conservative Citizens.
The 75 x 50 ft. flag has been displayed at conservative demonstrations and rallies across the South and America. It was sewn together in the Carolinas as a protest against the federal government about eight
years ago by angry textile workers who had
just lost their jobs to NAFTA.
Last month’s Summit of the Americas, held in Canada, threatens to complete our transition from a national government into just one state in a world government, to finish what NAFTA and GATT started.
Don’t forget our Alabama Flag bill which would require all public facilities receiving state funds to fly our state flag. It passed the House unanimously, and is said tobe held up in the Senate Rules Committee by Sen. Jim Preuitt’s remark that you can't force anyone to display a flag. The slate forces me. an individual, to display my business license whether I want to or not. Why then can we not make state agencies operating off tax dollars fly that flag?
Should state agencies have superior rights to us? Ask Jim.	- “Cape "
since that would have made its discretion, and not the constitution, the measure of its powers; but, that as in all other cases of compact among parties having no common judge, each party has an equal right to judge for itself, as well as infractions as of the mode and measure of redress."
Before the War for Southern Independence, the South was paying the bulk of the tariffs going into the United States treasury. Most of that money was used for internal improvement in the north. This was the
They Malce T un~
By Thomas E. Guinn
Editor in Chief. C.S.A. News
Around the mid-1990s, I was a spectator at a local U.S. Memorial Day parade. There were the normal bands, several children’s groups, floats and the like. The color guard came jointly from the local Air Force, Navy and National Guard; then, what the parade announcer called “Civil War" entries. While the first unit turned from Fifth Street heading south onto the main thoroughfare, Ohio Avenue, the crowds grew silent: people gazing down those three blocks to see what they could see, waiting for this “Civil War" contingent to make its grand entry onto the parade route. Down the street they came, a blue-uniformed Yankee company with period rifles and flags.
Oh, they received the normal hand clapping, shouts and cheers alright. After these had passed, we looked to see who might come next. About four lonely men in grey made the turn carrying a Third Confederate States national flag. Navy jack, CSA battle flag and Florida state flag. The crowd totally surprised me, for the greatest accolades were reserved for these few remnants of the once mighty Southern armies. They screamed and cheered to the top of their voices, waved their hats and arms. Several followed the example of one man boldly charging into the middle of the street shouting, “Our boys are coming! Our flags, our flags!"
Police scrambled to push the crowds back. What was surprising about this situation, not that there were so few men in grey that day but that it happened in Lynn Haven, Florida, a small town of about 14.000 just north of Panama City, Florida.
This town was founded and established totally by Yankee veterans after the War for Southern Independence, the same town where a year before I was frowned upon, receiving much criticism for handing out brochures favoring the South. It is the only town I know of in Northwest Florida having a monument totally dedicated to the Yankee
number one reason why a criminal by the name of Abraham Lincoln invaded the South, he did not want to lose his tariffs. Mr. Lincoln, knowing he was going to invade the Southern Nation after assuring the South he would evacuate Ft. Sumter, sent reinforcements instead -causing the locals to fire on that fort.
Stay tuned to The First Freedom and learn who is pulling the strings for the major media and your carpetbagger or scalawag elected officials.
OTKreT
side of that great war.
My thoughts went back to that day recently while substituting as a school bus driver for the local Boys and Girls Club. The children have come to know me simply as Mr. Thomas. While ending our run once, the children, aging maybe from five to twelve years of age, on this particular day a small girl about five years old was last to exit the bus. A light-haired little girl, much like my own granddaughter at that age and now seventeen, she stopped and looked straight into my eyes and said, in an almost whimpering tone, “Why did we lose, Mr. Thomas?"
“Loser I ask.
The little girl replied, “They make fun of me because I’m Southern."
She did have the cutest little Southern accent, even at her young age. My heart sank, that such a precious small child would be the victim of bigotry and prejudice against the South: our history, heritage and culture.
Wanting desperately to answer her just right, I prayed within myself, “Lord, help me to answer this lovely child properly."
1 turn to this little girl gazing at me, waiting for an answer that would bring comfort. I said, “Little miss, being Southern is a wonderful thing. Not everyone can be a Southerner. That makes you special! You arc not only a Southerner, but a lovely Southern Belle. And our losing is only temporary; we will win one day!”
The little girl turned away suddenly, breaking out in a big smile heading down the bus steps. As she went, speaking out loudly to herself in an almost mumbling tone. “I am a Southern Belle, and we goin* to win!" not having had the privilege of meeting her family and with no idea where she learned of her heritage at such a young age, I can still hear her precious little girl voice: “I am a Southern Belle, and we go in' to win!" repeated several times as she headed down the walkway with a big smile and small, child-size backpack.
LttUn..
i
Your signed letter with phone number and address it welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
MEDIACRACY I saw the Robert Arial cartoon drawn after the election in Mississippi in The State. It features a redneck with the words, "Thank goodness our heritage is still intact." This cartoon is in very poor taste. The citizens of Mississippi had a vote on a question that was their business. No one disputes that the election was completely fair and honest. No one disputes the vote count. Has Robert Arial ever been to Mississippi? It is not a backward, stupid redneck state. I live in Tennessee just across the border and have lived in South Carolina. Mississippi in many ways is far more progressive than South Carolina, Tennessee, and a lot of states up in the North. What do you folks at The State do? Revel in slandering people with whom you do not agree? Trashing everyone who does not dance to your tune? The State might be a newspaper, but it is a pretty sorry one. Such reporting is representative of the best (or worst) of yellow dog journalism. Mississippi and most things in it have far more going for them than your newspaper. You owe the people of Mississippi an apology.
ALTON LANIER Arlington, TN
By Olaf Childress
LETTER TO MAYOR DOW I attended a meeting with you and Mobile United in December of last year. You promised to make a declaration naming April as "Confederate History Month." Today is the 23rd of that month, and we have received no such declaration. I note with great interest, however, that you were able to proclaim February as "Black History Month" with much fanfare and media coverage. Don't misunderstand my statements; I am not upset nor angry that the proclamation was made for Black History Month. I simply want those same honors, those same rights for my Southern culture and heritage.
LINDA SEWELL Mobile
MAYORAL POLLING DATA To the Mobile Register:
Talk about yellow journalism! If your Sunday "poll” was seriously performed, a significant number of samplings had to be taken before Bess Rich ever announced her candidacy for mayor. The haphazard protocol of not even screening for active voters assured a bias for the incumbent Mayor Dow, who eqjoys gallons of positive
ink from the Register at every opportunity. This study is reminiscent of the dirty deal given March Against Crime by the Register several years ago when your guidance and assistance was used in preparing and distributing that group's petition, while your agent elicited and printed Clinton Johnson's accusation that its distribution proved racial bias. It took Stan Tiner weeks to write a correction, long after the damage done was irreversible. How long will it take the Register to correct its lapse of integrity and fair play this time?
E.A. ROZYSKIE Mobile
TRAVELIN’ MAN Enclosed is a check for my subscription. Ruth and I met you at the Dixiefest April 7 and were impressed with your knowledge and dedication. Due to emergency medical appointments (with a relative) we were unable to go to Montgomery on the 18th. Hope it was a success. What a wonderful victory that was in Mississippi! From my residence there 40 years ago, I knew those people will never give up. What filthy swine are the white (or appears to be) legislators denying South Carolinians and Georgians the right to vote. I sincerely hope all of their grandchildren are mulattos.
RICHARD VAJS Franklin, WV
Chugging to oblivion: peecee journalism
JACKSON RALLY We went to Jackson. Mississippi April 14 with a good size group of south Alabamians to give support to Mississippi's state flag. It was a wonderful sight to see all the black and white defenders of her Christian flag and our southern Christian heritage. Of the many good speakers, one young lady, a Miss Jessica Wei bom, really stood out. Miss Welbom wrote a moving essay which she read at the rally on why Mississippi should keep her flag. Miss Welbom is not the product of public school indoctrination, but receives an education by way of home schooling which shows in her essay.
I noticed on Monday afternoon that CNN had a blurb on the rally. They interviewed two individuals who were in opposition to our southern Christian heritage and its symbols and showed no one from our side. Of course, we know who Ted Turner and his wife Hanoi Jane Fonda ate.
BOB TAYLOR Mobile, Alabama CSA
FELLOW TRAVELER Love your newspaper! It’s good to know there are others thinking the same. If you will, send about five extra copies as I have brothers just like me.
ROBERT A. SULLIVAN Ohatchee
Terminal Phase
Oir news engineers can't stop playing with the facts. Shifting cause and effect, bending stories to keep us aboard their old tax-and-spend line, wheeling along those same familiar rails; explaining to whoever will listen (mostly the inexperienced) that the destination is still out there somewhere, with puffs of smoke and another whistle blast here comes this week's dispatch: Why, it’s a further emergency!
Coupled to their latest failed solution for the one they had hitched to before, the arrival of a media event finds us waiting at the station, expecting socialist skills to solve problems introduced by those same engineers. Wake up, people! They're just buying time, lubricating wobbly bearings, hustling to install themselves as prime movers aboard an engine full throttle underway to the latest shining city.
Can I you see American jobs being shut down everywhere because of their lies about what "free" trade would do "for" us? Naturally, unregulated slave-labor imports exempt from compensating tariffs sell for less than our over-controlled domestic goods, precisely according to Bilderberg's divide-and-conquer schedule. Shall we sit and wait for this "ujl" agenda to destroy Southern culture and rewrite the Alabama Constitution? Doesn't the butt end of an ostrich with its head stuck in the sand make a lovely target?
What can one do about those liberal media? Boycott such “balanced" news — the "equalizing” of truths with lies! Be fair and warn them to shape up. But, since their owners aren't about to let it happen, go ahead, subscribe to Chronicles, a magazine of American culture, or Liberty Lobby's Washington weekly tabloid The Spotlight. The Barnes Review is a genuine historical bimonthly correcting the Establishment's version of American meddling in Europe's wars; and then there's the paper you're reading now plus many others like it, not to mention the Internet.
If we're conditioned to accept (or even tolerate, for that matter) those unwarranted invasions of private choices by subversive interlopers when removing the offending machinations should be our first and only option, other non-elections, increasingly totalitarian, will appear one behind another until the information-mongers have their wheels turning faster than ordinary eye can see. And, since arrival at the announced utopian end-station isn't our conductors* real aim, but rather primitive power guides this mediacracy, shamelessly and however ridiculous in stark simplicity, the train will continue trundling its wonted circuit A giddy subaltern shovels coal, his master tugs the whistle cord, and, with a sham
chart before them oft cut and pasted, the present exigency chugs around to meet its March Hare relay whose route the Queen of Tarts is just now contemplating.
The promoters promote each other, a signal here and a back-scratch there, all comfortable on the engine of choice. But not so those tandem neophytes back in the caboose, their long-suffering underlings who sincerely believe themselves in the van of progress: useful idiots, cultivated with a smile and a double-wink.
Insignificant yet indispensable, lower operatives are a pityingly-dedicated, smug because thinly-educated crew entertaining grandiose ideas about a distant terminal from which they'll call out our itinerary -and this world to its destination. Whatever misunderstandings such gophers entertain, the biggest ones concern themselves.
Sure they've made college sojourns and studied journalism. But little inquiry was spent before signing onto a compact that imagines to mastermind the future for all of us. They have accepted at face value the absurd notion of knowing, once and for all, such dictates as promise a perfect society. At a moment when choosing between truth and puerile dreamstuff hung on plain and common sense, the mediacrat didn't get it
For those adolescents, decline was not unguided. At a crucial moment in life when one's fantasy isn't automatically fixed on some robotic idea of engines puffing along a changeless routine, but rather is disposed toward the creative possibilities of a free mind, temptation came calling in ancient form. Finding themselves confronted by a soft decision, whether to take the default mode of acquiescence or embrace that force which mysteriously summons our prime attributes to the forever-opening frontiers where real challenge waits, by failing to identify and subdue the imposter within, they didn’t even think to ask proofs of a patently fraudulent Marxist instructor standing right before them.
Unspoiled on first perceiving life's alluringly beautiful prospect, breathing this Alabama air within which they might instead have accommodated themselves to continuous options, having elected to work the peecee loading ramp prodding others into the same "equality" of non-choice, their lot at present is to champion each individual's shortcomings — dividing all needs into separate boxcars: the desiccated idea of a leftist intellectual herd on the move.
Problem is, those up front counting only their profits aren't curious whether these passengers want air or water.
Our compromised apparatchik is soon craving loud oblivion: the safe anonymity
of a silenced soul. Not that he ever believed this scheme; neither did those professors at the prior entrapment chute. Still, falling in line was such a fun cop-out! Moseying along with an immense movement, and hopefully underway to somewhere, at one time seemed quite inviting.
But, speaking of sorts gregarious, am I not beating on a dead horse? For, hasn't the idea of communism, per se, beloved mount of academia, been parked onto a side track? Perhaps. And maybe on purpose! We’re cautioned of the likelihood (when considering this animal farm), in looking at a certain smaller actor - the shrewd rodent that teaches "playing ’possum" to escape death by pretending to have already got there. Why couldn't such a ruse be carried to extremes? New stage settings, “New Age" motifs, reinvented aspects, a throw-away administration or even its whole ideology, faked impotence; anything it takes to keep that challenged seat where engineer positions are brokered. P.C. Possum sulks on cue.
And, with this circus rolling to its next media event, greater opportunities would soon welcome the more astute deceivers among such a misguided cadre of students. Even for the less useful (so long as willing) idiots, junior positions at least were open.
Thus natal conscience made way for an opposite world view wherein elite rulers mandate all decisions to a simple people incapable of perceiving their best interests. In a so-called representative democracy, the instinct of our then-promising freeman was concentrated by liberal journalism, the only kind being hired. New habits of thought became institutionalized under pressure. With distractions blinding that once open mind against needed correction, and ritual obeisance a constantly required relief against burnout, his commencement exercises ushered in another brainwash job right on schedule, a know-it-all ready to fill any breach. The mediacrat had emerged.
We must remember that, until adorning himself into a separate and static creature, he was a scholar not unlike ourselves: at peace with the human condition, no threat to your freedom or mine; a dignified, breathing force of right reason, and one to be reckoned at face value.
But now forgiveness for such arrogance cannot lightly be tendered, neither because of some predisposition on his part nor due to outside circumstances. Metamorphosis into that perverse other state was his own choice. And, even if he was unknowingly entrapped into morbid assumptions, shall that be our excuse for giving him access to corrupt more children?
Not for luck of justice do we fail to see
the harsh realities of decisions and their consequences. The enormity of this whole, universal equity so far exceeds our grasp, any thought of it is nothing more than a premonition; faith, if you will, that every act brings its appropriate result either soon or late. Whether acknowledged as natural due process - in thanking the higher mind that makes it so - or as a lesson refused, unconstrainable this individual faculty for decision-making under all circumstances even to the extent that some people elect to renounce the electoral power vested in them, by a maneuver that seeks absolution from choices of consequence.
Totally submitting to the doctrines of others, such a cowardly device trivializes life's whole purpose: becoming oneself in the arena. An opposite extreme shuns any default mode offering only expediency, and, when all acceptable options have been exhausted, chooses death before dishonor.
But the cub reporter, vital juices flowing strong when climbing aboard swinging his lantern that's to enlighten the world, a solid career as yet uncertain because he hasn't faced a real crisis, will comprehend soon enough: this apprenticeship carries a higher price than first anticipated. Going along to get along, he must presently learn what the mediacracy expects from its top switchmen. Er, persons.
Deceived if expecting advantage from further compromise under utopian contract at the same time going about declaring its itinerary, the sworn trooper slants new words toward a sham destination. For he must, somewhere along this line, emerge out of the fuzzy, warm correctness cocoon in whjch nurtured. Our pupa upon peeking from the caboose learns that authenticity's ticket must be surrendered. It's the stop where ideals are divested painfully. And yet, putting on his new cloak of power is the apparatchik's moment.
In between journalism school's illusions and the roundhouse that points where this week's news is headed, that track which our comicbook hero is given, assigned to travel, could make him the equivalent of a newborn out teaching complex hypothesis. In his sophomoric debut trying to describe. on the heels of its increase, the state power's withering: such a temporary lapse may be hard to sell - even if backed up by glowing reports of the cordial reception his world view produced. For, sometimes, it may come about that he's obliged to look grownup people straight in the eyes. And. finally, observe: that a bright schoolchild instinctively resists such a dumb fairy tale; with healthy skepticism at that. Out of primitive chaos self-government rises But some will prefer a ticket to oblivion.
. _	_	J