Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.”
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe’s wars.
^ reedom
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 2 Number 8
htlp://www.gulftcl.com/homefrcc/
August 2000
SI.00
Beachhead for America’s freedom: showdown in Long Beach
Three years ago Bill Clinton was busily paving the way to lease the Long Beach Naval Yard to Communist China, his main source of campaign funds. COSCO, the Chicom front which was to occupy this beachhead, had already been found guilty of smuggling thousands of assault rifles into California for the planned Atzlan uprising.
How did we get such a fool in the highest public office? By design. Not at the 1992 Democrat Convention was this pervert selected, but earlier - in 1990 at a secret annual meeting of the Bilderberg world shadow government when he was introduced by David Rockefeller in Baden-Baden, Germany.
A QUESTION TO MEMBERS OF THE ALABAMA STATE HOUSE:
The fourth national convention of the Reform Party of USA is taking place August 10 - 13 at the Long Beach Convention Center shown at left. The only way Bilderberg can stop Patrick Buchanan from getting the nomination for President now is by their usual bag of tricks. But it's less easy fooling people who lately realize both major parlies belong to the internationalists.
So they’re out to sabotage the Reform Party by any and all means. Internet servers like Yahoo! are incapable of up-to-date news, http://www.reformparty.org/convention2000/info.html being the only dependable site for the convention schedule. Catch its main events Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings.
What is an orderly threshold for a plebiscite? (please respond)
| State Rep. Walter Penry (R), Belforest,| doubts the people know what’s good for them. Having introduced motions in the last two legislative sessions killing a pair of initiative and referendum bills by Rep. Phil Crigler (R) of Irvington which would have given citizens some means for reining in the excesses of state and local mandates, Penry told the House Elections Committee he had heard from only two supporters of I&R, Lillian Jackson and Olaf Childress. And, although John Fender showed the committee 1,709 signatures from just one of Baldwin County’s seven districts asking for the right of private companies to bid on the county’s rural area garbage collecting racket, which at present employs prison slave labor, Penry’s reply to that petition was, “People will sign anything you shove in front of them. Those actually unhappy with the garbage mandate are five or six.”
But surely there is a rational threshold for how many signatures ought to bring a problem ruling on the ballot - a law that does something other than intended, whether dictated by a judge or enacted by legislators. Rep. Crigler’s bills had found that number to be 6% or 8%, depending on the type of ordinance or law.
It’s the people who suffer when recourse is denied them, not judges and lawmakers who move on to other problems. The latter might show their constituents some respect by making it clear where they stand on this increasingly urgent issue. And the tide is now beginning to move the other way.
Citizens of Mobile may sometime soon use the single option left them after a sledgehammer judge gerrymandered their present seven-member council into being. For lawmakers thereupon passed Alabama 85-229, which would reverse His Honor’s experiment if it didn’t work out. It didn’t, says Nick Jongebloed, who succeeds the late Lillian Jackson as head of March Against Crime. And he’s agitating for the referendum provided by that law.
A petition signed by 10% of the number that voted in the previous city election would put it to the voters on their regular ballot: Shall the present mayor/council be changed to a manager/council form?
Comparing Mobile with successful two-county metro governments that use a professional administrator approved by the International City/County Management Association (ICMA), Jongebloed assures city voters a qualified manager serving only at the council’s pleasure would relieve its members from the requirement of trading political favors.
But there are those who, even though they admit the court dumped on Mobile, are not thrilled by the word “International”
way to answer all such important questions is by plebiscite. Residents who would like to see a referendum on this switch of city government appear on the ballot and are registered Mobile voters are asked to call March Against Crime’s voice mail at (334) 479-4648 and give the address to which a petition form should be mailed.
Here’s another case in point. Or, two, to be exact, in Baldwin and Dallas Counties.
“By sending Alabama groups claiming to represent blacks ten or twelve thousand letters asking for signatures then returned to Washington, President Carter seated a controversial Montgomery federal judge,” according to James Austin. Jr. of Spanish Fort, a highly-incensed Baldwin Countian who further muses: “After saying he would never lie to us, why did Jimmy Carter need to document people with no knowledge of the candidate claiming they favored him? Was it because Alabama doesn’t go in for liberal judges? That’s exactly how Myron Thompson got seated as a federal judge.
“I’m sick of all the lying and cheating, taking the black vote for granted as a block. And this sovereign citizen won’t be party to it anymore. I am out of the Democrat lineup, the ADC, the whole show. With three others, I have prosecuted a lawsuit people don’t hear much about. Our suit challenges these court-gerrymandered county districts which the U.S. Supreme Court has declared unconstitutional.
“After his interference had been ruled
local delegates representing most of the county’s citizens refused to go along and keep those seven single-member districts, [Baldwin County Commissioner] Frank Burt went up to Butler and got [Alabama Senator] Pat Lindsey to intervene. His multi-county district includes just a tiny portion of North Baldwin, the delegates for the rest of Baldwin County having nothing to do with Thompson’s chicanery.”
Asked to comment on these allegations. Senator Albert Lipscomb of Magnolia Springs had this to say: “I do not agree with an obviously unconstitutional judgment, and have refused to ratify it in any way. A federal judge has no authority to replace a Supreme Court ruling with his own.”
Rep. Steve McMillan of Bay Minette says, “I wrote the bill that would have solved this problem, taking it to the voters in the form of a referendum. When the Baldwin County commission intervened with its own suit, brandishing sympathetic municipal resolutions and claiming local delegates were standing between them and what ‘the people’ wanted, it took two or three nights of lying awake worrying how to stop that ploy before it came to me. And I wrote every word of it.
“But Commissioners Sam Jenkins and Frank Burt got Reps. Jimmy Warren and Skippy White, along with Sen. Pat Lindsey [all representing that small portion of Baldwin County], not to go along with us.
“Alabama law,” explains McMillan,
unconstitutional,” says Austin, “it wasn’t “makes every county government consist
fair for District Judge Myron Thompson’s Montgomery Court to just keep putting off implementing the highest court’s decision.! But that’s what has happened ever since.” Local legislative delegates have turned a deaf ear to Thompson’s seven presently seated Baldwin County commissioners |_ who naturally wish to hang onto their chairs rather than go back to constitutional government.
Austin asks rhetorically: “What basis does Judge Thompson have for this delay? We’re talking years, not months. When the
AND TO THE U.S. CONGRESS:
of four county commissioners, and has a probate judge serving as chairman. Baldwin County even reinforced this, by making it a local law back in the thirties. And it holds in Dallas County, where the same federal judge just removed a probate judge and placed himself as chairman over his new, five-member county commission.
“The Baldwin and Dallas County cases were heard simultaneously in January by a three-judge panel of the 11th Circuit over in Atlanta, and apparently will be remitted to the Southern District Court in Mobile
Everybody makes mistakes. When will you clean up this boo-boo?
By Mildred Laurendine
Reportedly the situation developed through an error by the U.S. Congress. Yet it remains uncorrected after all these many years, adversely affecting a great number of retirees. Is the institution itself - and are individual congressmen - above the law?
The Social Security Administration’s in ICMA. Nor might Baldwin County “notch baby” provision shamelessly works jump through a hoop to join this troubled against retirees bom between 1917 and city in some future metro government. A 1926 and is obviously age discrimination
prohibited by federal statutes.
Delegates who represent the local area advise us that bills to correct this inequity have been introduced repeatedly, only to die in committees invariably. And there the matter rests.
Since federal law is daily being ignored, why can’t, or won't, members of Congress actively insist on enforcement of the rules? Such long-standing bias is shameful and it’s time for correcting it without any more delay or excuses.	□
which better understands the constitution than Middle District Couit Montgomery,” observes McMillan. “I believe attorneys for the Dallas County appeal pointed out that when Judge Myron Thompson shoved in his extra commission seat four years ago, only two weeks’ notification was given for whoever wished to contest that newly-gerrymandered district.
“So what we’ve now got is a third judge on the 11th Circuit coming in from Florida and taking her time writing a dissenting opinion. But the decision has been made to send this to Southern District in Mobile, which retained jurisdiction all along. It all takes time. But we will have rule by law ” The First Freedom, regularly going to Alabama lawmakers, hopes so. But when will the State House put initiative and referendum on the ballot? Isn’t it about time?Q
Today’s Lesson:^
“Come November”
By Mac Yavelli
&
Can we pull it off yet again? The object is to cover our Republicrat assets. Bildcrberg’s annual gathering in Brussels instructed us to see, hear and speak nothing of Buchanan, while smearing Gore at the last minute with facts we’ve known all along. Hillary, our real choice, then takes his place as planned the whole time we were keeping her visible in New York. If that doesn’t work, we whitewash A1 and trot him back out. Either way, the ruse that usually stops a strong third party’s rising will then repeat: “A vote for Buchanan is a vote for the Democrats.”
If that doesn’t work, we FEMAnize the whole country with a national emergency and cancel the election.
Do not advertise
in this hand-cranked-out newspaper - and have your good business name associated I with a vast, right-wing conspiracy. It would show you're uncaring, reactionary and, well, not hip to the whole purpose of our being: the ccononvj.
Furthermore, we need the space for our I hate campaign against lies. But we will let I you join this conspiracy, and here is your I application form. (White sheets cost extra.) I
»The First Freedom
| P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576-0385!
! Ml RAMI “
! MAIL ADDRESS
j enr	5T	9r	ll
j □ Here's $12.00 for a 1-year subscription. !|
! □ For S________,	consider	me	a	patron.;
! E-mail, tel.nr. or comment
2 The First Freedom August 2000
SIRING OF PEARLS:
Johnson-Dow tiff reinforces call for professional city manager
Shazam, Mr Johnson! You finally got the message.
By Elwin Rozyskie
It was inconceivable that my detailing Mayor Dow’s amateurish, shortsighted budgeting (i.e., money laundering) system in The First Freedom's July issue would be so quickly verified; confirmed by none other than our very own Council President Clinton Johnson!
According to an article in the Mobile Register on July 6, the chaotic state of city finances came out when Mr. Johnson erupted over Mayor Dow's requesting fourth-quarter funding for additional personnel needed to extort fines from citizens whose burglar alarms misfire too often.
In an uncharacteristic moment of truth, the Register (page 4A) quoted Mr. Johnson telling the Mayor, “We can no longer rely on the ‘quick fix’ or ‘short-term' solution of transferring money from capital projects into the general fund. Swapping here and swapping there is not the solution.** Shazam, Mr. Johnson! Your awakening is just a few years late and at least S10 million short but you finally got the message.
The Register article continued, “It seems that since spring, the Council has approved transferring more than $10 million into the daily operating budget from capital projects ranging from drainage work to a day center for the homeless on the fringe of downtown. The transfers were necessary, city officials have said, because sales tax revenue has dipped below budget expectations.**
To veteran political observers, Clinton Johnson's outrage is merely an echo of calls for accountability heard by the same Mobile City Council for years from Lillian Jackson and her March Against Crime group. Becoming aware in recent months of the spending trap/ttauncilman Bess Rich has been brutally attacked by Johnson and Councilman Fred Richardson for her publicly-expressed alarm - and her voting against transferring capital funds to meet current operating expenses. So incensed were both that they threatened to cut off city funds to Rich*s District Six.
Now that Mr. Johnson finally realizes the befuddled mess he and the mayor have been instrumental in concocting, perhaps he will restrain his arrogance and develop a more civil attitude toward Ms. Rich and her convictions.
Mobile citizens may recall that in the past several years our Mayor Dow and his minions have made glowing reports to civic organizations about all those extra tax dollars the city derives from the $109-190 million (amounts vary with the teller) now generated by downtown Dauphin Street, baseball, hockey, two bowl games and his String of Pearls. If Mr. Dow and cohorts have been honest with us, then at least $4.3 million in new taxes should be rolling into the city coffers from our “investments.’’ With that sort of new income, perhaps they will explain how a $1.9 million drop
The Eirst Freedom
PO Box 385. SBverhlll, AL 34576-0385 Email: boroefree@guirtel.coin Editor. Olaf Childress Correspondents: Nick Joagcbloed, Mildred Laurendine. Mablc Lloyd, Elwin Rozyskie,
Tom Smith.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bulk rates, ask for terms.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
No responsibility is assumed for unsolicited manuscripts. When submitting typewritten letters, please show address and phone number for verification. Name and locality will be printed. If return is desired, include SASE.
in retail sales taxes is anything more than an unfortunate distraction; why it's a major blow that requires abandoning $10 million worth of vital drainage and other capital projects in order to keep the city operating.
In the real world this condition would mark the beginning of the end for a normal business, but it remains to be seen what kind of creative bookkeeping government officials can get away with.
The Mobile City Council should never forget that old adage: ‘Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat its mistakes." For example, some older Marchers Against Crime recall about 33 years ago when Pritchard completely redeveloped its downtown area replete with new lighting.
sidewalks, parking, stores and restaurants. The Chamber of Commerce and Mobile Register at the time were quite ecstatic in projecting their dreams for that city’s bright new future. If you dare, drive through downtown Pritchard today. But be careful to go in broad daylight. And avoid the potholes.
As if the current financial bind were not serious enough, our city leaders have just recently committed us to more spending -to the tune of $400,000+ for the Saenger Theater, $600,000 for a new park on Conti Street, $950,000 for Wal-Mart, and the first $50,000 of an eventual $500,000 project to restore the Masonic Building at Bienville Park. And don’t forget the $2+ million com-
mitted to revamp the GM&O building, or $6 million fishing pier and park, the Crepe Myrtle running path and the cruise ship docking facility, to name a few others.
Mike Dow once snidely called March Against Crime’s members CAVEmcn -“Citizens Against Virtually Everything.** The acronym has at length proven correct, Mr. Dow, except that your definition is faulty. We CAVEmcn are really high-tech, inside information gatherers: “Citizens Able to Verify Excesses.** And we find in these perilous fiscal conditions that even a mediocre professional city manager could provide a better budget process than your Gang of Seven.
Right, Mr. Johnson?	Q
This is a presidential campaign?
By Thomas H. Smith
This presidential campaign must surely be the most misguided in history. Neither of the two leading candidates discusses the real issues. Instead we are treated to a steady diet of the bigotry at Bob Jones University, the flying of the Confederate Flag, and which candidate might best improve the education of our children - as if that were a province of the President of the United States (frankly, I would rather hear a plan by one of these candidates to get the federal government out of education so that states and local citizens could improve the system).
Next, we hear a heated discussion of which man has the better plan for adding homosexuals to protected groups under the Civil Rights Act, followed by a never-ending foaming-of-the-mouth on each one’s childish plan to fix social security. Neither of these two bums has a clue what needs to be fixed. We start by fixing them.
Presumably, the candidates think that the solution of these issues enlightens us on the necessary qualifications for our next President. I think not!
The current President tells us he has brought peace to Kosovo. Like a little boy whistling in the dark: “There is no bogeyman out here!** In reality, a larger Balkan war is brewing in the offing unless somebody comes up with a plan to avoid it. The same applies with Israel and Syria, and also to China. Can you believe Israel, our supposed ally, is selling AWACS airplanes to China? Not the first offense of this kind by the Israelis, it’s a pattern of behavior.
“Anything for a buck!” Do you think either of these two presidential candidates has an answer for the problem? Well, of course they don’t! And if they have even a clue, they certainly are not sharing it with us.
Nebraska State Senator Peter Hoagland tells us that “Fundamental Bible-believing people do not have the right to indoctrinate their children with religious beliefs because we, the State, are preparing them for the Year 2000 when America will be part of a One World Global Society and their children will not fit in." Do you comprehend what this man is saying? He is referring to the U.N. meeting scheduled for September of this year with the main goal of obtaining final approval of a U.N. Charter for One World Government. A total of 56 countries have already approved this Charter.
The U.S. Constitution as we know it will become a thing of the past. Isn't that worth discussion by presidential candidates?
We know for sure that Gore is a staunch supporter of ‘global government,’ and Bush's daddy was a longtime member of the Council on Foreign Relations, which clique is dedicated to subverting the U.S. Constitution under the United Nations. Even our hero McCain addressed the Bilderberg Group meeting in the Library of Congress, which bunch is another front for the New World Order. Why didn’t Bush or Gore pick up on that one the way they did on an address to the Bob Jones College of bigotry? Because it would be a case of the pot calling the kettle black! All three of
What, we worry?
them are backed by powerful money men pushing the New World Order. Why are you not demanding that they discuss this subject?
Recall the Cuban missile crisis in 1962, the threat of nuclear war? What do you think of an aircraft manufacturing plant now located 48 miles from Washington, D.C., owned and operated jointly by Jay Rockerfeller and a front for the Chinese Communist government, and engaged in manufacturing high-speed business-type jets capable of near-supersonic flight at 49,000 feet of altitude? A plane carrying suitcase-type nuclear weapons could be over Washington in fifteen minutes flight time. What do you think of Russian and Chinese suitcase nuclear weapons hidden in various locations around the U.S.? Isn’t this subject worth a few minutes of debate by our candidates? Perhaps they are afraid it might ruflle the feathers of the Chinese Communists, and cut off their source of campaign finances.
Charles Smith, a recognized computer security expert who writes for the WorldNet Daily, says Colonel Stanislav Lunev, the highest-ranking Soviet official ever defecting to the United States, claims that not only nuclear weapons but stockpiles of anthrax, explosives, nerve gas, and as many as 120 nuclear weapons have been smuggled into the United States by Russia and China. Mr. Smith reports that Lunev’s story has been confirmed with ‘several’ members of Congress. If there is truth in such data, and I happen to believe there is, why are these issues not discussed?
Having spent 25 years in defense work, I do not pretend to be a military strategist. But it doesn’t take too great a leap of the imagination to come to the conclusion that:
a)	if the Chinese stole the secrets to the small atomic bomb (Is there much doubt about that?), and
b)	if we know that they have smuggled shiploads of automatic weapons into the U.S. in recent years, and
c)	if they lack, at least for the time being, a means for attacking the U.S. with ICBMs,
THEN their next logical step would be to smuggle small atomic and other type weapons into the U.S., hidden in strategic locations for subsequent use as blackmail in the event of a major confrontation or as
a deadly attack in case of war.
Why are the candidates not discussing these issues and our relations with China?
Mr. Greenspan is busily engaged raising interest rates, putting the brakes on credit inflation. Is that the best way to solve our problem? How many think this overheated economy might be caused by irresponsible federal government - spending trust fund money like a drunken sailor on leave? This spending binge amounts to an average of roughly $200 billion per year for the past eight years, and will average $220 billion in each of the next ten years. So, rather than stifling business by increasing interest rates, isn’t it more prudent to reduce the real cause of this problem - government spending?
In fact, we need a debate on the pros and cons of eliminating the Federal Reserve Banking System entirely. President Wilson said on his deathbed, “The biggest mistake of my administration was in creating the Federal Reserve Bank."__________________
Well, it wasn't really his worst mistake. He made plenty, with the most catastrophic being the Treaty of Versailles. (It directly caused World War II.) But the Federal Reserve Bank ranks a close second.
The budget surplus is a fraud. My website at www.nationaldebt.com is proof without doubt. Prove it for yourself by downloading the CBO’s “Economic and Budget Outlook Report FY 2000-2010.** It is easily located at http://www.cbo.gov/ which is the CBO website. Our candidates surely know the facts regarding a “budget surplus." Why will they not discuss them, instead of arguing about who will grant the largest tax cut, spend the most on socialist giveaway projects?
In summary, are these two men truly presidential candidates? If they are the best we can find to lead our country, then may the Dear Lord bring help, for we will surely need it!
Be patient. I will soon add a web page on Alan Keyes and Pat Buchanan, either of whom would make a far better President than Gore or Bush. If we selected one for President and the other for Vice-President, that just might save our country from the catastrophies which lie ahead. Chances of this happening? Slim and none. Who cares? The economy is strong, everybody is rolling in dough. Just sit back and ignore the facts!	Q
€> Thomas H. Smith. Send email comments to: webmastertfiinationaldcbt.com
IF YOU WANT THE REFERENDUM then you've got to show the initiative. Get in touch with your state senators and representatives at (334) 242-7800 and ask them to cosponsor the Initiative & Referendum bill of Rep. Phil Crigler. Thank Mr. Crigler at (334) 242-7700.
A society of sheep must in time beget a government of wolves.
Bertrand de Jouvcnal
August 2000 The First Freedom J
The Constitution of the United States
Article V. The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year
One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.
Article VI. All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as under the Confederation.
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority
Part Fifteen Of a Series
of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.	□
A Tale of Two Bridges - and you bought ’em both.
The new Foley Beach Express continues to stir controversy from several different angles.
By John Fender
Back in the spring of 1996 the Alabama legislature passed a law (Act 96-30) which created a process that lets private investors and government join into a public/private partnership for the construction of county toll roads and bridges. Counties already had the authority to take public money and construct a toll road, but couldn't license a private investor to construct and operate a toll bridge. The new statute gives them that power. The county commission can now:
■	Grant a license for a private toll bridge, ferry or causeway.
■	Prohibit anyone else from constructing a competing bridge within two miles of a licensed toll bridge.
Whether we as the taxpaying public like it or not, this act allows local government to get in bed with private enterprise. When investors set about to construct a for-profit | roadbuilding project, their bed partner, our local government, is available to condemn the desired right-of-way.
The State of Alabama studied - 1994 through 1996 - where to put a much-needed hurricane evacuation route, the Governor then being Fob James. His four sons next made passes at the Magnificent Seven (four Baldwin County commissioners as per law, plus three by judicial decree). This study zeroed in on one of two best-suited routes. County Highways 87 and 95 were the preferred options. Baldwin County 95 would have displaced about 20 residents and nine businesses all the way up to 1-10.
I do not know who or what has been moved aside for the new bridge route we bought, so let us start at its north terminus on Alabama Highway 59 and take a quick tour down the Foley Beach Express.
Anyone approaching this intersection is presented with a maze of 16 choices for turning, all in very close proximity. Our | aim is a simple left turn onto the express, but we must be very careful; this is a kind ofhalfway blind comer. Locals know there is a crossroad, Baldwin County 73, about 300 feet beyond the left turn which has no less than eight turning possibilities. Out-of-towners beware! To my knowledge, one | accident has occurred at this point already.
Heading south, we see an advertising | jamboree. Now, I don't really care if the
A letter to the editor
(Submitted by March Against Crime Chairman Nick Jongebloed. - Ed.)
The Register did the community a favor by publishing a letter to the editor titled: "Educate yourself before attacking schools, teachers" (June 17th) by Jayne Kennedy. She described herself as a 40 year old who switched careers, received her master’s degree in education and has been teaching in the Mobile County Public School system for four years. Her letter made my day/point.
Writing in response to my letter of the previous week in which 1 stated the public school system needed a “radical overhaul,"
road is lined with billboards on private property; the folks who own that land have a right to deal with a sign company if they want to. When government gets its foot on what's yours, it tends to restrict and zone you out of existence.
We are now down to U.S. Highway 98, where no right turn or merging lanes exist going in any direction, either from U.S. 98
or the beach express. The next intersection, Baldwin County 20, is even worse. It has four very short, sharp-cornered turns with raised islands on which an equal number of light poles sit.
From this point, it is open country and clear sailing. I did notice some strange crossovers; you know, the U-turns looking to go back the other way, spaced about one-fourth mile apart, apparently serving no other purpose. But these have long since disappeared behind us as we approach the southern terminus of the beach express, when up pops a sign, “Toll Booth." What?!
Toll booth? Why wasn't that posted at the other end? We out-of-towners didn’t know there was a trap down here. Where’s a place to turn around when you need one? We might have exited onto Baldwin County 4 a short ways back, had we known. It's red clay and rough as a cob for half a mile till you hit the hard-surfaced road. And you'll notice there the following sign: NO HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ALLOWED ON BRIDGE. But what is the difference between the James Boys Bridge and the taxpayers-owned bridge across the s.ime Intercoastal Canal via Alabama 59?
The toll is two dollars each way, $40 for a 30-day ticket or $450 per season.
Paying up, we drive across the Intercoastal Canal and come U, where the James Brothers coup tees into Alabama 180,
she in a sarcastic manner asked if 1 ever stepped away from my letter-writing and actually visited or volunteered at one of the schools I felt headed for a “train wreck."
Upon my medical retirement (for Agent Orange cancer) from the U.S. Army after 23 years, I asked myself why not return to my home town (bom, raised, educated McGill, Spring Hill) and teach high school? I felt strongly about education. My wife and I raised six children: two doctors, two RN’s, two E-commerce entrepreneurs. Having served as an 82nd Airborne unit commander, I knew the value of solid training. I had masters degrees in industrial man-
known hereabouts as Canal Road. At this three-way signal, another bottleneck: no right-turn lane merges westbound traffic as is common elsewhere. Furthermore, all Highway 180 traffic stops when the beach express gets a green light to exit east. Why not put a half-mile additional lane along the south side of 180 and let its eastbound traffic bypass this light? Charge the cost to
us dumb taxpayers, some of whom might wish to drive out 180 to see for themselves the Eighth Wonder of Baldwin County (the First Seven sit in Bay Minette).
Well, the journey ends here, but the problems do not. With all of this new traffic on Canal Road (180), when will the stop-and-go where it joins old Highway 59 be widened?
With regards to this evacuation route's planning, we’ve heard figures mentioned: four million, three million, seven million. Four million was allocated in fiscal year 1995, the three million I don't know about, but seven million supposedly came from the fed to the county and somehow wound up in Foley’s hands. Foley Mayor Tim Russell informed me the fed sent that seven million to Foley and the state or county had no hand in it. Tim also said no taxpayers* money was involved. Now, I can understand where he’s coming from, meaning we locals didn't, in this instance, suffer any new taxes.
Politicians somehow see tax money as something that didn't cost the taxpayers. I mentioned that forest of signs advertising the beach express at its north end diverting traffic away from Foley and its merchants. Tim informed me the merchants and city council had discussed this, and they wanted relief from the congestion already at hand. People were not stopping because of it
I called the state office in Summerdale inquiring about those Foley Beach Express signs erected along with the Highway 59 signage. Mr. Holcombe said, basically, it is standard procedure; a mite like a “scenic highway" marker, for instance. My choice for its name would have been, “Baldwin County Beach Express." After all, there are no beaches in Foley.	□
agement and business administration as well as several professional certificates and diplomas including the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces. So I was surprised at not being able to teach until I had a degree in education. This is the anomaly of government schools - union barriers against superior applicants who have not attended inferior schools of education.
Another option presented itself, the JROTC program conducted by retired army officers and NCOs. 1 applied and (See "Teachers’ unions," Page 4)
which Mobile Register could not print
a different slant on the news
Here's what was ignored or mis re ported elsewhere
SHOW MOSCOW THE MONEY? As reported by Chronicles, Lucy Edwards, working at Bank of New York’s London branch as vice president, together with her husband Peter Berlin (reportedly a Russian citizen), admit four years’ involvement in laundering money for a group of Moscow banks - during that time setting up front companies and conducting more than 160,000 transactions worth more than seven billion dollars, while funneling the money out of Russia and into BNY and other offshore accounts. Edwards, who with her spouse made nearly two million dollars worth of “commissions" on those transactions, told federal prosecutors some of her counterparts at Moscow’s DKB Bank were afraid of their customers, since the “businessmen" were accompanied at times by lads toting “machine guns."
POLICE STATE PRISONS. Has your local daily observed hundreds of prisoners being hired out right under its nose and transported each morning to "private" contractors for a flat $8 per hour? They don’t see this money while working highrise condos in Gulf Shores, of course, but are allowed cigarettes and stationery "against escrow." These slaves, highly profitable to their keepers, leave around 3 AM for a 100-mile round trip charged against that account (The First Freedom, July 1999|. Oh, yes: there are supervisory expenses, too, some of the laborers being held more than a year on such simple charges as DU1. But none of this interests the Mobile Register, which on June 4 rejoiced that the latest restrictions on prison interviews might be lifted when "the coverage would help pressure the Legislature into boosting funding for prisons." In addition to the tenfold growth of that workforce noted one year ago by The First Freedom, “19 state prisons and 14 work-release centers now house 25,424 inmates, about 1,500 more than at this time last year," according to the Register:
THE CHRISTIAN COALITION, in a tally with which this newspaper agrees completely, has rated our current crop of U.S. Congressmen from Alabama on 15 key issues. Voting right every time were Representatives Callahan, Everett, Riley and Aderholt On a scale of zero to 100, Bachus scored 93, Cramer a dismal 60 and Hilliard flunked completely — a miserable 7. In the upper house, 13 important bills found Senator Sessions standing with us at 100, Shelby coming in at only 85. Put these numbers on the November calendar sheet Self-government begins at home.
FORCED TO SURRENDER 640,381 personal firearms, a program costing the Australian government more than $500 million, it’s now one year later and homicides have climbed by 3.2 percent, assaults are up 8.6 percent and armed robberies have risen 44%. In the state of Victoria, homicides with firearms are up 300%. Figures over the previous 25 years, until gun-grabbers had their way, had shown a steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms. But you knew all this from the establishment press...
VOTED MOST LIKELY TO HAVE SUCCEEDED. It was Dan Daniels’ idea. The Mobile County Repuolican Party on July 10th adopted without dissenting vote the following resolution: “Whereas, Mrs. Bess Rich has served on the Mobile City Council for a number of years now, and seems to be the most conscientious council member in bringing to light facts the city administration might not want the public to know about, therefore: We, members of the Mobile County Republican Executive Committee, wish to commend Mrs. Rich on her untiring efforts on behalf of the citizens and taxpayers of the City of Mobile to obtain the best results from the taxes we all pay."
i
4 The First Freedom August 2000
Teachers’ unions (continued from page 3)
served 13 years as senior instructor in three Mobile County high schools during which twice elected school PTA president and vice-president of the Mobile County PTA, as well as being elected by the school faculty to represent them on the Superintendent Advisory Board. Finally, I decided to get more involved in changing the system, and ran for school board on a platform of teacher testing, ending tenure for principals, and parental choice for students assigned to failing schools. Thankfully, there is movement in this direction.
Ms. Kennedy incredibly claims today’s teachers are .. better educated, more extensively trained... than ever before.” I suggest she read a couple of books, e.g. Inside American Education: The Decline. The Deception. The Dogmas, by Thomas Sowell. Ed School Follies: The Miseducation of America s Teachers, by Rita Kramer. The dosing of the American Mind. How higher education has failed democracy and impoverished the souls of today s students. by Allan Bloom.
These authors explain the turning out of teachers with minimal backgrounds in the subjects assigned to teach, many knowing more about how than what to teach.
Going to the dictionary to define “unionism,” Ms. Kennedy refers to the steel workers union not being concerned with the ills of the steel industry, and states it is the same with the teacher’s union. She opines that the NEA and AEA exist only for their dues-paying members. Correct! Her profession is almost 100% unionized, with virtual ironclad tenure. Every member has one or more education degrees in, as Dr. Sowell writes, “an occupation whose lack of intellectual qualifications is painfully demonstrable.” Ms. Kenney’s letter is a prime example.	□
\jffltA4.. j
EXTREME
The only issue of your paper that I have seen is the May 2000 edition, which I found extremely interesting. Thanks to all of you for providing an opportunity for everyone to voice an opinion. Please add me to your list of subscribers.
THOMAS D. ARD Robertsdale
(The following came from the Buchanan Brigade. -Ed.)
HOPE
My people came over with Captain James Smith on one of three little boats, and helped found the Virginia Colony. So I am deeply rooted in this land. America’s history is my history. My people were not great players in the scheme of things, but they were great enough and brave enough to shoulder a musket or rifle when called upon. They have fought in every American war. I am proud of each and every one of them, including my great-grandfather who died
f SECOND YEAR WITHOUT PAID ADVERTISING OR GOV’T SUBSIDY
fighting for the South in the War Between the States. Now this old daughter of the Republic looks around her and finds it is not her country anymore. She is not even sure she has a place in it. Everything she believes in has come under attack, including the very God to which we give credit for the greatness of this country. The Bill of Rights is being eroded and we no longer have the will to defend our borders. Then Patrick J. Buchanan decided to make a run for the presidency and a tiny flame of hope started to glow a little brighter for me. I truly believe you are our last chance to turn this country around. The day you lefl the Republican Party, so did my husband and I. Now we feel we have something to fight for. Elections are won, one heart at a time and one vote at a time. We think you have a real chance! It is a ponderous undertaking and a sacrifice, in many ways, for you and your family. You are a true patriot. God bless you Mr. Buchanan, and may he also bless the Republic with your victory. - Barbara Wynn Krazel
Getting on our mailing list is easy. The next 12 issues cost SI2.00. Additional dollars extend your subscription by like number of months. Let's keep this new champion of self-government growing to its fullest statewide potential, for much that happens is not being reported by the establishment’s splashy advertising and sound-bite media. Which other periodical regularly credits those legislators more interested in solving our state's problems than worsening them with additional taxing and spending? Who else names the scoundrels merely posing as your bona fide representatives - and calls judicial tyranny just what it is? We’ll continue covering Rep. Phil Criglcr’s (R-Theodore) drive for an amendment to provide the State of Alabama with a citizens' right of initiative and referendum as currently enjoyed by 26 states. If other “news” papers notice the l&R issue at all, it’s simply to repeat invalid objections to it by the AEA, the Alabama Association of County Commissioners, and other liberal power brokers. Please! Give us your support! We need it!
lC*+OM/ 'UM'lOfU M/t-C	to	It
flwt f'UtAo**}
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief L and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
Terminal Phase
By Olaf Childress
Keeping atop endless change is a tough
Twentieth century history needs revising to a true account.
chore. In prosperity, it means controlling our appetites; and, by misfortune, refusing to give up, not becoming parasites.
One man sharpens the next. Having been bom here in America is a ticket to such contests as beckon individual strengths and aspirations. So, please! No more media whimpering for pampered “minorities,” or other lost loves.
A rout at chess shouldn't hamper the willful survivor's remnant ambitions at soccer, the arts, disputation, widget manufacture or whatever, provided the laws of that exertion are observed. But let’s dismiss the partisan judge who indulges his all-too-human urge for preferring one side over another before the trial even begins: thus bringing to justice the unqualified referee who belongs in another occupation.
A first effort having flopped miserably often proves the necessary science for some infinitely more rewarding pursuit elsewhere. I speak from experience.
When a student examines the permanent society he will enter, his hardest assignment is in containing himself: learning to think Only with the ripeness of experience after that rumination may he wisely address the proprieties of individual liberty. Hot-blooded campus demonstrators confront before having studied the rules under which their culture and alma mater were built and sustained. Balancing the state’s restrictions against its protections calls for more mature judgment than the ideologue or debauchee can bring to the forum.
For any investment decision is best made by whoever underwrites its cost and reaps the consequences. As with private capital at risk, caveat emptor must equally apply in determining which heirs are worthy of protracted public education.
Whether the fool rushing unprepared into danger, or common sense seizing the advantage at an opportune moment, those who take risks wish to emerge at least with increased acumen. Deciding where to place your bet trumps, more often than not, the nonpaiticipating bystander's guess. So the rich get richer, well, you know the rest No one-shot victory maturity, but always relative, it’s a forever-ongoing, lifetime process. Rather than complaining, let the “loser” sue any momentary “winner” for a rematch at the chessboard if that’s still his game, otherwise minor leagues are ever out there no matter the action.
But some aren't satisfied playing by the democratic rules. Like spoiled brats they come interrupting first here and next there.
as sure of their proclivities as the same were arrived at impulsively. For example: As everyone knows, our liberal is haunted with anxieties of overpopulation, even as he carps that we ought to have unrestricted immigration. How can you explain that? Do-gooders obsessed with teaching the world to sing need help.
Discovering the Ford Foundation was lavishing a million dollars a day on various advocates of open borders, even though there’s a Ford in my past 1 haven't bought one lately. Nor patronized Disney since Mickey came out as a duck. Why do such animal houses wish to level the world and eliminate competition? It scares them.
“Progress,” for this One-World mindset, has meant destroying the family, nudging adolescents into promiscuous sex, public “education” that teaches children the use of free condoms and, when that proves too complex, how to murder their inattention.
Of those pregnancies carried to term however, having triggered that explosion of indigent bastards started in the 1960s, libera) demagogues marked such waifs for further “care.” Central planners (naturally thinking them their most useful soldiers) figured Mickey might lead this army atop his Ford limousine in a parade celebrating, at least by 2000, Utopia’s denouement. For, as wards of the state, such dependents were simply there - manipulate, along with mommy, at will.
That was the theory. Funny how liberals always get it wrong. As illegitimate child and child-parent grew up, seeing it was fake and naturally bitter at their late-discovered victimization by the ones granting them victim status, the awakened clients became less manageable than those docile taxpayers milked for the state-run nursery. In fact, certain “minorities” learned to play “compassion” for all it was worth.
It goes without saying that officers busily removing incentives of growth from producers and teaching incompetents to riot for more - got their cut. Redistributing other people's wealth, the leveler himself an empowered brat, a mid-tier conspirator who meant to escape all hazards of contest at the same time lording it over a lower class, was reacting just as his manipulators expected. (Who says egalitarianism has to be completely flat? Subordinated to The
Big Plan, he would at least gain authority over those serfs. Even an apparatchik needs to feel superior.)
But, and it pains me to repeat this, the easiest part was subduing the real victims: Taxpayers, of course, whose views and charities were dictated by media “polls.” Unlike that mercenary army with palms outstretched, these did peruse the “news” papers - a boon for reporting to them their “will.”
Since the number swinging below that j “poverty line” multiplied as zealous do-gooders handed them each a bat, yells for tax increases grew louder, indigence turned into a rallying cry, and soon illegal aliens streamed into the U.S. to grab off half the take.
Bending all the rules to engage everyone in this hodgepodge multicultural game having lately fizzled, however, now we sec our instincts for fair play must rediscover some rational balance between demands upon, and concessions toward, those who can’t make it to first base. Once the “right” of a free walk for bunting a helpless child to left field is thrown out, this welfare state can get back to control by the people.
Meanwhile, and though we've grown weary of his “kindness,” the elitist intends to keep pitching. He “feels our pain,” but hasn't noticed it’s a new inning; that if he doesn’t get those fingers out of our pockets his hurt will be real. Let’s make certain he understands this by putting it equally plain to the umpire. For, if liberal conspirators make our Internet into a branch of their mediacracy, we may not look for an early return to calls by the book. In which case, though The Big Lie be detestable, we'll hear it anyway. Over and over and over. Bear with me. I'll tell you how we get it off the field, even if that utopian myth cannot wither and die - for being, like murderous renditions of the Star-Spangled Banner. too ingrained.
Our first aim must be to terminate unjust redistribution. Let us begin by examining a symbiotic relationship between the creme j de la creme of egalitarianism and its client | dregs of society: not the disabled, but those who think they’ve “beaten the system.”
The first thing both practiced was that neither produced or added anything to the general welfare. Why would a bum, or his bureaucratic sponsor, look for any other
employment when the free lunch comes on time? One bribed, the other took. They knew it wasn’t charity, which, in any free society, requires the patron’s permission.
Given the corruption fostered thereby, a twentieth-century welfare state might no sooner have been ratified, had it been put to a plebiscite, than those “foreign aid” scams which robbed American taxpayers only to buy them hatred. That such machinations have taken place shows from what errant vacuities self-government, if deserved, has regularly to be extracted.
The second thing they had in common was shrewd interdependence: Never-ending “reforms” were fundamental to maintaining game attendance - stalling the taxpayers. Our manipulator had always to appear busy working up “improved” “guidelines;” i.e., until attention could be shifted elsewhere. Welfare recipients would accept work or else! Yeah. sure. And put their honcho out of a job? With agent and client signing the new dotted lines without reading or having been read this latest “belt-tightening” scheme, of course neither took it seriously. Allotments kept increasing when the public was told sensible cuts were on order.
“Streamlining” the government became a media password for its rapid expansion during the presidency of Jimmy-Boy “1 Will Never Lie to You” Carter, member unextraordinary of both Bilderbcrg and the Council on Foreign Relations. Faced with stiff resistance, the Utopians began making promises they didn't intend to keep. But, as taxpayers had no power over mediae rats writing those “guidelines,” any demands accommodated were unlikely to be theirs.
The aim of all this was to break John Q. Public’s will. Its instigators would cease sharing their extorted ransom with able-bodied serfs once it became unnecessary to continue pleading the case for a criminal conspiracy. In the interim, administrative costs consumed most of the spoils, the rest being transferred from workers just above the “poverty line” - those too proud to take the bait - to loafers scarcely below, who didn't seem to mind.	□
MARCH AGAINST CRIME
is a small organization with a sizable civic task: exposing public officers who are not upset with crime and high taxes, praising those who serve constitutional government. Open meetings each second Tuesday at 6:30 PM, 1717 Dauphin Street, Mobile, AL. I
u. WMOB “Talking Truth"
ijjj	Talk	Radio	1360	am	Robert	W.	Gardner
^==-1 Saturdays 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM Tel. (334) 432-1360