SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience I severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.**
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
ASK FOR CURRENT ISSUE 50 COPIES $5
Lf
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 3 Number 8
http://www.gulftel.com/homefree/
August 2001
City of Mobile announces first-year celebration of battle flag’s removal
all (a liuirK Hnnn v/rtiir frotinc il/p thf* pvnprlfltmn fnat rnnctitntmnal onvom. KpIatp noon at	atrium	nf
WleII, actually its not an official press release by Mobile's Rathaus. Just an idea some of us who think our heritage is worth defending have come up with.
By Ben F. George, Jr.
Chairman, Friends of the Flag
HUMAN FLAG RALLY AUGUST SEVENTH! If you are one of the seventy-five percent of people who believe the Mobile City Council should not have tampered with your heritage by removing the Confederate Flag from city symbols, here is your chance to show it On Tuesday August 7,2001 at Government Plaza at 12 noon, a peaceful human flag rally will be held by filling seats at the council meeting. We will show up before the 12 o’clock meeting and peacefully exit shortly after the meeting begins. If you are proud of your Southern heritage, if you honor your Southern ancestors, or if you just believe the obvious “will of the people** should be respected by elected officials, be there or be Yankee! Take an extra hour at lunch. Bring the family, educate the kids and take
Be there Aug.7 A
You've never attended one of these town hall meets? Let Dr. George do it? Those who are skinning you alive love that attitude! €wne. helpour Mobile City Commission celebrate at noon Tuesday, August 7, 2001 its one year anniversary of striking the battle flag to appease those furriners over at the Communist Register.
Public Happenings
Council of Conservative Citizens - Aug. 9 7:00 pm at Bayou Cattle Co., Satsuma. You are invited to hear guest speaker Bill Lord.
March Against Crime - Aug. 9, 6:30 PM at Mobile's Springhi 11 Library, 4 South McGregor Ave. Info 334-957-2218.
League of the South - Aug. 16, eat 6:30, meet 7 PM at Shoney's, Hwy 90 Tillmans Comer. Come join the political discussion!
League of the South - Aug. 27, eat 6:30, meet 7 pm at Captain's Galley. Co.Rd. 10, Bon Secour. Info 334-965-6397.
Of^h to faille
IL
o
CO
z
o
CO
If
m
3
>
z
CO
V
Wilcotbt to ill 11+aJ. A+iM+t CONFEDERATE FALL MUSTER September 8,2001 10:00 AM - 3:30 pm Confederate Park near Marbury, AL. 25 mi. n. of Montgomery off Hwy 31. Speaking, music, food, and a special memorial service. Music provided by UNRECONSTRUCTED BAND, REP. BOB MCKEE, BASIC GRAY and THE MASTER’S FOUR will include both Confederate tunes and Gospel. Memorial service to honor Confederate dead buried there. Admission S3 per person, SI0 per family. Period dress is encouraged, not required. Please RSVP if you plan to eat: jwwc8a@knology.net
them all to lunch. Bring your friends. We owe it to our fathers and mothers who left us a proud heritage. A heritage they will only take away if we allow it! We owe it to America's founding fathers who died with
the expectation that constitutional government would remain the law of the land! Listen, dear Southerners, your South is calling. Who among us thinks our heritage not worth an extra hour of time? Be there
before 12 noon at the atrium of Government Plaza. We will leave before 12:30 so this won't take long. Contact Ben George at 679-0370 for any questions. Have a Dixie Day!
Bob Schulz fast has ended, government responds
On Friday, July 20, 2001 the hunger strike initiated three weeks earlier by Bob Schulz, Chairman of the We The People Foundation For Constitutional Education ended with the Department of Justice (DOJ) agreeing to hold hearings demanded by his group. Are the Internal Revenue Service and federal income tax legal? That was what government didn't want considered. It took some doing - twenty days sustained on prayers and water alone - but the much emaciated Schulz has accomplished what none other since Mahatma Gandhi of India was able to repeat: getting the attention of an otherwise heedless Empire.
DOJ Assistant Attorney General Dan
Bryant and Rep. Roscoe Bartlett (MD) were the signatories ending his hunger strike by guaranteeing recorded public hearings with IRS representatives on hand to answer charges against the constitutional jurisdiction of the IRS and its enforcement of U.S. income tax regulations upon U.S. citizens. This satisfied Schulz, who claims he has been deceived by past oral promises to look at his group's allegations and why the income tax is unconstitutional.
Now that government has committed its top tax and legal experts for this two-day September hearing on Capitol Hill, Schulz's grievances will challenge routine violations of due process by the IRS and its
refusal to cite the specific law that requires employers or employees to withhold taxes. He claims as well that the 16th (Income Tax) Amendment was fraudulently ratified by a lame duck official.
Three days earlier, Bartlett had initiated a formal Congressional Inquiry to the IRS demanding official responses for Schulz. As a result, DOJ’s Dan Bryant now agrees the “congressional briefing-like hearings’* will be broadcast live. Rep. Henry Hyde (IL), former House Judiciary Committee Chairman will likely be in charge.
Schulz was “elated that officials have responded as required by their oaths of office and the First Amendment."
Have opinions been purchased along with the media?
This is the third installment of “Goodbye, media myths of Honest Abe, ” begun in our May issue. Call it the Enlightenment, Illuminati or whatever you will: they are the same breed of moneychangers.
By Bob Taylor
Chmii., Mobile County Cbp. League of the South
Rothschild had five sons who were sent to centers of influence to establish banking houses. Collectively they gained control of the issuance of currency in almost all of Europe. Anselm remained in Frankfurt; Soloman took over a banking monopoly formerly shared by five families in Vienna; Nathan was feared and hated after unethical dealings, but successfully took over the Bank of England in 1812. He also gained control of the East India Company, which exchanged opium, drugs and gunpowder for spices in China. Through the East India Company, Nathan also had the charter that allowed him to declare war in the name of England. Nathan became the most prominent force in the world, controlling more power than his father had held, and through his lineage Britain continues to hold the greatest power today. Karl headed an occult group in Naples and James founded the Banque de Rothschild in Paris.
Decades later, in 1981, the government of France proposed to nationalize those banks. Descendant Guy de Rothschild exchanged good paper and bonds held in his French bank for bad paper and bonds held in other European Rothschild banks. He then drained its profits, and French taxpayers covered the losses. Shortly after, Guy de Rothschild moved to the United States to oversee the Rothschild banking interest in Rockefeller Center, New York City.
That all sounds as bad as their scheme in which the United States (District of Columbia, A.K.A. federal government), at their bidding, loans billions to communist nations around the world. And when the latter then default on those loans, it is the American citizens who are forced to pay through a ponzi scheme.
Year 1899: Discovery of a vast wealth of gold and silver deposits saw a Rothschild agent arranging to storm Africa with
400,000	British soldiers against the wishes of the English majority. This “Boer War” gained the Rothschilds yet another fortune transferred into their banking institution.
Year 1913, December 23; Although our
Constitution states, “Congress shall have the power to coin money and regulate the value thereof and no state shall make anything but gold or silver coin a tender in payment of debt,** this lineage of Rothschild descendants established the Federal Reserve System as a private company controlled by the British House of Rothschild. It now lends money to our government, for -which we-must pay any brokerage fees and interest they dictate. Because of their power, and the use of the word “Federal," they deceive many into believing it is a government agency.
Using these windfall profits they literally control the United States and subsequently many parts of the world. The more they manipulate socialism into our government, the more loans we need for it to operate; the more we need to borrow from them.
On that same date, December 23, 1913, they also manipulated the establishment of a tax free Rockefeller Foundation, the Carnegie Institute, the I.R.S. and the Anti-Defamation League, in a special “dosed** session called during the holiday season. Great opposition surfaced during this time as evidenced by newspaper reports; however, Rothschild’s financial reserves and influence were so powerful that this small group succeeded anyway in orchestrating the new institutions.
Shortly thereafter they formed the War Powers Act, allowing the President to declare war without congressional consent. They drafted plans to gain control of all major newspapers - to silence any such voices of opposition from ever being heard again; thus news reports now focus on Hollywood, football, and propaganda that distracts attention from or camouflages the self serving political activities of the International Banking Syndicate. It is part of their Royal Institute of International Affairs in London.
Year 1917: When the League of Nations, a form of “united nations,” was proposed, the Czar of Russia denounced it as subversive to all nations, and effected its failure.
Talk
Radio
WMOB 1360 am - Mon.-Fri., noon tilj
I	pm, Kelly McGinley “Retaking America! Plus, each Saturday:
II	am-I PM Robert Gardner “Talking Truth” and 1 PM - 2 PM Dan Daniels* “Viewpoint”
ft
Nathan Rothschild directed the destruction of that Czar, which was carried out during the Bolshevik Revolution financed by Wall Street with 20 million dollars in gold, whereby the Romanov family was slaughtered and their wealth confiscated by the House of Rothschild.
In an update of that event early in 1991, brokerage houses announced an unknown happenstance had found this Romanov gold in a Rothschild controlled bank in Switzerland; which gold is now offered for sale to the public along with a hypothesis for why it was there: “Greedy relatives of the Czar might have hidden it.” But where is the record of deposit? Illegal deposits are no longer confidential in Switzerland.
A legal deposit made in 1917 would belong to the depositor or to his children. The IBS reserves are held in Switzerland protected by declaring themselves neutral. Who has the power to declare the country off limits during wartime? Other wartime areas off limits appear to be major British palaces and government seats, locations openly known. Although the press has failed to comment the fact, it is noteworthy that, while Paul Warburg served as Vice Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, at the same time his brother. Max Warburg, headed the German Espionage System during War II.
In the Boer, French, and Bolshevik Revolutions, the ruling family was attacked and their physical assets transferred into Rothschild control; which made disclosure of the players, their losses and wins quite transparent if one only took the trouble to research records.
Unlike those “wars,” the United States offered no opportunity for a quick takeover because there was no ruling family. There was no one target to attack because the power was to diffused. They had to slowly infiltrate an entire network of multilayered government branches into place, and then bring a strong, proud nationalistic people to support it. For this reason the American Revolution went against those having sought to conquer the united states. It would take a longer period of infiltration for them to condition Americans into the acceptance of government dependency and socialism - the centralization of a single government power under their domination.
Awake yet? Influences through recent years have brought us very close to that situation! Watch for The First Freedom's next installment on this.
— Rethinking the revolution —
Do you need permission, i.e., a license, to travel the public highways?
nary, 3rd ed Your family member or friend
When transporting commercial goods or passengers on the public rights of way, you are trespassing. The state (we, the people) can grant you the privilege of using that right of way as a licensed operator in business for gain. Private travel', on the other hand, is a constitutional guarantee, not a taxable privilege.
By Bob Taylor
Chmn., Mobile County Chp. League of the South
“The Right of the Citizen to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, either by horse drawn carriage or by automobile, is not a mere privilege which a city can prohibit or permit at will, but a common RIGHT which he has under the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” Thompson v. Smith 154 SE 579. “...for while a Citizen has the right to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, that right does not extend to the use of the highways, either in whole or in part, as a place for private gain. For the latter purpose, no person has a vested right to use the highways of the state, but as a privilege or a license which the legislature may grant or withhold at its discretion.” State v. Johnson, 243 P1073; Cummins v. Homes, 155 P171; Packard v. Bant on, 44 SCT.256. “The RIGHT of the Citizen to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, in the ordinary course of life and business, differs radically and obviously from that of one who makes the highway his place of business and uses it for private gain in the running of a stagecoach or omnibus. The former is the usual and ordinary RIGHT of the Citizen, a RIGHT common to all, while the latter is special, unusual, and extraordinary.” Ex Parte Dickey (Dickey v. Davis), 85 SE 781.
1 could go on and on with dozens of state supreme court cases like the above.
“The word ‘automobile* connotes a pleasure vehicle designed for the transportation of persons on highways.” American Mutual Liability Ins. Co. v. CHAPUT, 60 a. 2D 118, 120; 95 nh 200. “A motor vehicle or automobile for hire is a motor vehicle, other than an automobile stage, used for the transportation of persons for which remuneration is received.” International Motor Transit Co. v. Seattle, 251 P 120. The distinction is made very clear in Title USC section 31: “‘Motor vehicle* means every description of other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for commercial purposes on the highways in the transportation of passengers, or passengers and property. ‘Used for commercial purposes* means the carriage of persons or property for any fare, fee, rate, or charge or other considerations, or directly or indirectly in connection with any business, or other undertaking intended for profit.”
DRIVER. The term “driver” in contradistinction to “traveler” is defined as: “Driver - One employed in conducting a coach, carriage, wagon or other vehicle...”

I he First reedom
PO Box 385, Silverhill, AL 36576 Email: homefrce@giiIfteLcom Editor: Olaf Childress Correspondents: John Fender, Ben George, Nick Jongebloed, Mildred Laurendine, Mable Lloyd, Tim Meadows, Elwin Rozyskie, Linda Sewell, Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send S12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bulk rates, ask for terms.
Setf-governmeni begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email is preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
Bouvier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed, Pg. 940. Notice the definition: one who is “employed” in conducting a vehicle. It should be self-evident that this individual could not be “traveling** on a journey, but is using the road as a place of business.
OPERATOR. Today we assume that a “traveler” is a “driver” and a “driver” is an “operator.” However, this is not the case. “It will be observed from the language of the ordinance that a distinction is to be drawn between the terms ‘operator* and ‘driver’; the ‘operator’ of the service car being the person who is licensed to have the car on the streets in the business of carrying passengers for hire; while the ‘driver* is the one who actually drives the car. However, in the actual prosecution of business, it was possible for the same person to be both ‘operator’ and ‘driver.’” Newbill v. Union Indemnity Co., 60 SE 2d 658.
PASSENGER. “A person whom a common carrier has contracted to carry from one place to another...” Blacks Law Dictio-
riding with you in your private automobile is NOT a passenger, but only a rider.
ALABAMA SUPREME COURT. Hill v. Moody. 93 So. 422: “5. Licenses -Exemption of automobiles for private use from license tax not unreasonable or arbitrary classification.” “...fixing no license
tax on automobiles used by the owner or his family, and not for commercial use...”
LICENSE. “A permission, accorded by a competent authority, conferring the right to do some act which without such authorization would be illegal, or would be a trespass or a tort.” Black s Law Dictionary, 3rd ed.
Nowhere in the statutes are you required to obtain a license to exercise your RIGHTS. But, for several generations, the godless, defacto states - through control of the schools and other means - have been deceiving us and using constructive fraud to relieve us of more and more of our (money) property. When told you needed a “driver’s” license and a license tag for your private automobile. I’ll bet you didn’t read
Have we come full circle?
Our nation of free, sovereign citizens was once the envy of the world 9s people and the bane of kings and queens believing they ruled by *divine right99 In 2001 it has become, quite by design, the land of the statutorily enslaved, home of the ill-informed coward.
By Don Harkens
Editor, The Idaho Observer
Now and then something crosses my desk which clearly indicates that the land of the free and the home of the brave exists only in the mouths of politicians, deceived minds and history books. An excerpt from Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States, by Samuel Morse (inventor of the Morse Code), 1835, is one such something.
"And what do the people of Europe behold of this country? They witness a successful experiment of afree government of the people; without rulers by divine right; having no hereditary privileged classes; a government exhibiting good order and obedience to law, without an armed police and secret tribunals; a government out of debt; a people industrious, enterprising, thriving in all their interests; without monopolies; a people religious without establishment; moral and honest without terrors of the confessional or the inquisition; a people not harmed by the uncontrolled liberty of the press andfreedom of opinion; a people that read what they please, and think and judge, and act for themselves; a people enjoying the most unbounded security of person and property; among whom domestic conspiracies are unknown; where the poor and the rich have equal justice; a people social and hospitable, exerting all their energies in schemes of public and private benefit
without other control than mutual forebearance. ”
Thus wrote Morse just five decades after the Constitution was ratified.
By 1835, Morse found powerful forces having identified the threat posed by the American experiment of self-government had set actions in motion to make it fail. As we can see 165 years later, the plans have succeeded:
■	Our presidents are not chosen by the people, but rather by high-stakes players; fraud and deceit electing them to office.
■	Certain people from certain families inherit privileged status.
■	The government no longer even pretends obedience to law.
■	Increasingly, lawless armed police routinely drag innocent citizens into star chamber proceedings without the benefit of impartial judges, juries of peers or competent counsel.
■	The richest nation in the world is now the most indebted nation in the world.
■	Most people must struggle within the confines of regulations to be industrious and enterprising, but would describe themselves as just staying afloat rather than thriving.
■	Megamergers in banking, food production and distribution, pharmaceuticals, entertainment, garbage collection and utilities services are breeding uncontrollably monopolistic multinational corporations.
■	501 (c)3 churches do as told by the government or lose their tax exempt status and face bureaucratic retribution.
■	Eveiy government form is a confessional that can be used against us during an inquisition.
■	Freedom of the press is a mirage.
■	To read what we please, and think and act for ourselves, places us on lists with others whom the government views as
the law to verify that they were telling the truth. And when you went in to obtain your licenses, did the public servant there inform you that you were giving up A RIGHT in order to exercise the privilege of “trafficking” on the public rights of way? If not, you were a victim of constructive fraud. “Fraud vitiates a contract.” United States v Throckmorton, 98. US. 95. Traffic court is a ministerial proceeding for those who are trafficking on the public rights of way. “Traffic is commerce.” Black s Law Dictionary.
CONSTITUTION FOR THE STATE OF ALABAMA; Article I. Section 35: “That the sole object and only legitimate end of government is to protect the Citizen in the enjoyment of life. liberty, and property, and when the government assumes other functions it is usurpation and oppression.”
Freedom takes much effort and vigilance. Deo vindice.
Mobile County Chapter League of the South meets every third Thursday at Shoney 's in Tillmans Comer, gets down to business at 7:00 pm. Open to the public.
subversive.
■	There is no security of person and property as the government now marches in, takes whatever it wants and places whomever it cares to behind bars.
■	Every avenue and facet of our society, public and private, that can be exploited for power and profit is a current object of conspiracy.
■	Justice is only there for those who can afford it.
» People want to be social and hospitable, but must be wary of the legal implications of their acts of decency always.
■	There are so many laws governing every aspect of our lives it is impossible to claim we are adhering successfully to an honor system that compels people to 6e decent.
Who or what has undermined the noble principles upon which this nation was founded? I have my suspicions.
The only thing remaining of the America we were entrusted to protect is the handful of people who refuse to compromise those principles. These few alone can be counted on to stay freedom's course no matter how severely persecuted by historically ignorant bureaucrats being paid handsomely to see after the failure of the greatest sociopolitical experiment in human history - the United States of America.
JOIN Council of Conservative Citizens, order flags, march in next Southern heritage parade. Southalabamaccc@cs.com or 334-649-2236.
L
GO.
OHIZX| 5100 Hwy 43 - Satsuma, Alabama 679-0168
44
Regionalism” is demise of freedom by gradualism
Federal regionalism seeks to overthrow the Constitution, change the form of government, seize control of property and production and reduce you to the status of an economic serf on the land which once was yours.
Committee to Restore the Constitution 2218 West Prospect Road, P.O. Box 986 Ft. Collins, CO 80522 (970) 484-2575 (Col. Roberts)
Unless exposed and neutralized, federal regionalism will dissolve county government, building block of the American political system, and destroy representative government in your state.
There are over three thousand county governments in the United States; each one
a self-contained, lawful authority charged with doing whatever is necessary to enforce articles of the Constitution within the county. County lawmaking, law enforcing, and law interpreting powers are derived directly from the residents of the county.
The sheriff, county judge and county commissioner are representatives of the people who reside in the county. They are personally accountable to you for the proper discharge of their duties. They are the greatest potential challenge to the misuse of authority by a central corporate government in Washington, and to the ten federal regional capitols, when they are informed. Many are now misdirected and confused.
You should place the highest priority in motivating these county officials, first to reject fcdeial regionalism and v-w—
promote it. and. next, to demand investigation of federal regionalism by your state legislature with the objective of outlaw ing regional operations in your state.
Remedy for the seditious conspiracy of federal regionalism is offered in an eleven part series beginning with, “Council of State Governments.” including tactical operations you can initiate in your county at http://www.wcbaccess.net/-comminc/
Alabamians!
Regionalism was not instituted on Goat Hill this past legislative session, but only because a big logjam of pork blocked Tallassee Rep. Jack Venable's pernicious bills from going through. Know that this ultra liberal a media darling and himself into publishing, will be back! Tell all state
August 2001 The First Freedom 3
The Constitution of the United States
Amendment XXHI.* Section 1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct:
A number of electors of President and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for the pur-
poses of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such duties as provided by the twelfth article of amendment.
Section 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
Amendment XXIV.** Section 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice President, for electors for
Part Twenty-seven / ^ ^ \	Of a	Series
President or Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to pay any poll tax or other tax.
Section 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
•The Twenty-Third Amendment was ratified March 29.1961.
••The Twenty-Fourth Amendment was ratified January 23.1964.
STRING OF PEARLS:
“Leadership Dow” campaign exhibits little leadership
Areas for debate with Mr. Dow are practically endless - possibly explaining why he is so loathe to participate in one. Voters might recall that famous bumper sticker, “Politicians and diapers should be changed regularly for the same reasons.99
By Elwin Rozyskie
MOBILE - Ever since Mayor Mike Dow announced his reelection bid and selected the catchy term -Leadership" to define his campaign, he has ducked debating the other candidates. The mayor’s refusal to face people and defend his actions shows he believes the local power brokers, plus unstinting support by the local daily, will get the job done without risk of exposing his inability to lead. Lacking benefit of rebuttal, intelligent voters are left with no alternative but to evaluate his performance.
EVALUATING THE DOW
Our dictionary defines leadership as -capacity to be a leader, the ability to lead.” According td an early Mobile Register poll, a majority of the voters have already conclude’d that Mr Dow should continue in office. It didn’t note, however, that all of his so-called accomplishments have been done on borrowed money and the promise that Mobile taxpayers will pay it back with interest. This debt has bought the support of a real estate. legal and -Old Mobile"
coalition - because they profit from selling services related to capital spending and enjoy using the completed projects without paying their share of the taxes involved. Anyone denying this should refute those who claim our mayor relocated his household from West Mobile to the Eastern Shore and acquired a downtown apartment so that when disaster strikes he can be first off the sinking ship. It remains uncertain how long Mike Dow can continue building this house of credit cards on the backs of working people before he overloads their limits and Mobile joins Prichard's experiment in the graveyard of bankruptcy.
Voters should consider that there is more to leadership than simply winning an election. Real leaders consistently inspire and motivate subordinates to achieve goals far beyond their individual abilities by setting clearly attainable objectives, assigning responsibility for the results to team leaders and helping them succeed. Mr. Dow opted to balloon his staff with people hired outside the Merit System Board established to protect taxpayers from such blatant cronyism, and so has failed our leadership test. Worse, the mayor simply piles nis crew of overseers and their staffs on top of the existing organization rather than integrating them into it. Rest assured Mr. Dow will never willingly explain why he is the highest paid mayor in the state of Alabama, nor why he provided a nine percent increase for those elite
Bill Buckley’s big business blooper
their stand against internationalism. Two major trends in modem conservatism have degraded its ability to fight globalism. First
By Kenneth J. Schmidt
Council of Conservative Citizens We come to a point in the history of white European civilization where our elites have declared the nation state obsolete, and are building a global system ruled from places like.New. York. Brussels and Geneva -called the New World Order by various nationalist and right-wing observers - and composed of the elite classes of the world. This NWO has dedicated itself to “healing divisions” and ^Breaking down barriers."
The new world they hope to create will be devoid of any real differences among peoples. Nations, ethnicities, religions, genders, races, and cultures will be broken down and a new man will be created. This new kind of man will lead the human race into the broad sunlit uplands of a near Utopia, and mankind will live happily ever after. Stuff and nonsense!
Over the past 30 years there has been a tendency among conservatives to weaken
was the post-1950 Buckleyites being influenced by libertarianism, and second the dominance of neo-conservatives setting the agenda for the bulk of the American Right.
Bill Buckley and his pals, in their zeal to defeat international communism, decided to remake conservatism into a bizarre cult that worshiped big business. This has been largely successful. You can identify a phony Buckleyite conservative over age 40; just ask them what books they’ve found most influential, and they will always mention Ayn Rand, an extreme libertarian who worshiped greed as a kind of self-fulfillment; not any books by conservatives like Russell Kirk, who emphasized that God and family were more important than the almighty dollar. The original neo-conservatives were nearly all members of the Zionist wing of the Trotskyist movement.
overseers in a shrinking 2001-02 budget that has, four years in a row, no money for the rank and file who make our city run.
The mayor surely doesn't want to debate this aspect of his dictatorial leadership style - his selection of a police chief with multiple pre-existing problems who has prematurely retired, leaving taxpayers to pay his obscenely generous pension and healthcare package plus an unsettled police officers' lawsuit for at least five million dollars, a memento of his mismanagement.
Were there a debate, Mr. Dow might be asked to explain why he established police sub-precincts and -Jaguar Patrols" in public housing projects, quietly abandoning them after cutting police funding to pay for additional staff and cost overruns on his “Pearl Museum." He could then use the occasion to clarify his leadership after the police shootout and riot in a project that cost taxpayers a police car; and perhaps join us citizens in a hearty chuckle at the Registers front page article lauding his -seven-step program” to redo everything he has undone.	□
Sto*btyt
Phrtot* Ken lleann
Following the all-South rally of June 2 before Alabama's Capitol in Montgomery, after patriots Hying teat Georgia state flap pocket-knifed one of those newer versions of it to pieces. TFF editor Otaf Childress and reporter Linda Sewell stomp on their two scraps of “The Ugliest Rag In North America.**
Alabama group backs Rep. Ron Paul’s anti-“u.n.” bill
When you9ve got them yieldingf it9s not break time. Thanks to this writer and his troops, the Alabama flag is now required at every state facility. Here9s their next objective.
By Walter L. Bryant
Director, Alabama State Flag Initiative As many of you know, our Initiative has joined the Alabama Coalition in backing U.S. Rep. Ron Paul’s anti-”u.n." bill to get us out of the -united nations." It is important at this time to contact our two senators and seven representatives in Washington and ask them, to support Rep. Paul's HR 1146:
Senator Jeff Sessions 495 Russell Senate Office Bldg., Washington DC 20510 Senator Richard Shelby 110 Hart Senate Office Bldg., Washington DC 20510
Rep. Sonny Callahan, District 1 2466 Rayburn House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Terry Everett,* District 2 2312 Rayburn House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Bob Riley, District 3 322 Cannon House Office Bldg.,
.ti Washington DC 2051 &j .
Rep. Robert Aderholt, District 4 1007 Longworth House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Robert Cramer, District 5 2350 Raybum House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Spencer Bachus, District 6 442 Cannon House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515
Rep. Earl Hilliard, District 7 1314 Longworth House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515
*Rep. Terry Everett has already signed onto Ron Paul's anti-uu.n.” bill. Call or write him in support.
a different slant on the news
Here's whet was ignored or mtereported elsewhere
TIMELY IDEA. As of 4 July 2001, the city council of Laverkin, Utah has declared the city a “united nations free zone." Signs will be posted declaring the town’s new status. It is illegal to fly the -u.n." flag on public property or for the city to enter into business with the “u.n.” - or anyone else who does. Forbidden is the paying of any levy, tax or fee to any “u.n " agency. No judgment by an international court may be imposed upon local citizens, nor “u.n." troops quartered in the city limits, or local citizens forced into involuntaiy servitude as soldiers under a “united nations." One question: Why isn I Dixie doing that?!
- The Southern Party Newsletter
DEMOCRAT STRANGLEHOLD. Remember when California had two U.S. Senators and most Congressmen as Republicans? It wasn't long ago. Until 1980, two-thirds of its congressional delegates and a big majority of statewide officers were Republicans. Now, that state is so Democrat that even Spanish speaking George W. Bush didn't bother to campaign there in 2000. California is the only state that can claim two Jewish women senators, both of them extreme leftists. Just 20 of its S2 Congressmen are Republicans. The Governor and all the rest of the statewide elected officials, except one, are Democrats.
TWO DIVERSITY WRONGS DON’T MAKE A RIGHT. “How does Ford Motor Company’s dismissal of white managers to make room for black ones differ from the dismissal of Jews from German universities and professions to make room for Aryans? How do our racial quotas differ from the law promulgated by Hitler in 1933 limiting admission of Jews to universities to the percentage that Jews comprised of the German population? These questions have gone unatfdressetf for more than three decades. When someone raises such questions. Democrats shout “racist!" and Republicans bury their heads in the sands of schemes to recruit racial minorities into the GOP." -Columnist Paul Craig Roberts.
PAYBACK TIME. Or maybe all of them were just on a “fact finding" tour? Alabama State Senator Roger Bedford took his family to the Paris Air Show on state taxpayers' money. Using S2S,000 he had appropriated to the Bureau of Travel and Tourism, he also took Sen. Pat Lindsey, Lindsey's daughter, and the two lobbyists who had helped put this shameful deal together.
BLACKS BOYCOTT NAACP. The African-American group Brotherhood Organization of a New Destiny (BOND) has asked blacks nationwide to protest the NAACP’s left-leaning politics which have thrust the group into the “socialist wing of the Democratic Party." says Rev. Jesse Peterson. BOND'S founder and president. “Pay the NAACP no money. Pay it no mind." Peterson wrote in announcing the boycott It's an ironic twist in the evolving civil rights movement as -conservative, pro-family African-American groups such as BOND and Project 21 break ranks with the NAACP they once supported.
FINAL EDITION! blared the July 9, 2001 headline across The SPOTLIGHT -coming to thousands of loyal readers as a shock. This weekly tabloid, having been sued so many times in its 26 years of continuous publication for telling truths about the Zionist Order of B'nai B'rith and other socialist subversives that some claimed they had lost count, sooner or later it was bound to happen. A federal judge has ordered this populist newspaper shut down, read the sub-head: “Goodbye, you are holding in your hands the last issue of The SPOTLIGHT.** A long-running dbpute having ended in a bankruptcy suit ordered by Judge S. Martin Teel against its publisher Liberty Lobby, look for the tabloid's return.
4 The First Freedom August 2001	— Mobile	—
A few folks simply expect police to stand there and take the first bullet
Under media cover, the rapists, assaulters and snipers know white alone is the color of hate.
By Nick Jongebloed
Chairman, March Against Crime
We read that the rioters in Mobile's Roger Williams Homes project were provoked by the body of the cop shooter laying (or, as the Mobile Register said, ‘•sprawled") on the “concrete ... from one hour to 90 minutes." Mayor Mike Dow hasl vowed to solve the problem with, among other things, the reopening of a police mini-precinct in the project.
This move was initiated and a building prepared for its occupancy. With summer heat, the first piece of equipment moved into that structure was an air conditioner. But wait! Before the site could be fully readied, sometime between midnight and 3:00 am. person or persons unknown broke | into the place and stole the air conditioning unit; following which, to show their anger and contempt for this intrusion by police into their community, said culprits set the building afire causing •‘moderate" damage. Now the opening will be delayed for an undetermined period.
Molotov cocktails seem to be the weapon of choice in these attacks. Earlier in the year the rental office of the project manager was set ablaze with such a device, causing $50,000 in damages.
In 1967, as a senior staff officer with the 82nd Airborne Division, I and thousands | of paratroopers in that elite Army unit | spent many hours training for civilian unrest operations - race riots having brought death, arson, looting and violence | to many U.S. cities during the summer months of that year. The reason for this conduct, the division was told: lack of communications with city government, especially law enforcement agencies, which created Tensions." Many of the riots were traced to minor specific incidents of interaction between police and one or | more black males challenging govem-ment/police authority.
That happened in July 1967 in Detroit, Michigan, leading to a race riot resulting in President Johnson ordering deployment of
5,000	paratroopers from the 82nd. Flying in on that first C-130, I saw downtown buildings burning and a string of hundreds | of civilian cars leaving the city heading to the airport where the 82nd was scheduled to land.
It seems very little has changed over the past 34 years. What about Mobile? Our police know what happened several weeks ago in Cincinnati (Pop 364,000), where one of the worst race riots since 1967 took j place. Three days of violence came to an | end only when their Mayor, Charles Luken, imposed an 8 PM to 6 am curfew, with more than 830 arrested. All this was sparked when a white police officer shot a fleeing 19 year old black male with a long j juvenile record well known to local police. Spotted at 2 am in the worst section of Cincinnati, rather than submit to a police order he dashed through alleys and jumped 12 foot high fences. When he ran into an officer coming from the opposite direction, according to that policeman the youth
a weapon, thereby drawing fire from that officer.
A new violent crimes task force began work in mid-July after widespread mayhem in the inner city, Cincinnati leaders having set up this monitoring in hopes of stopping disorder which has resulted in 70 shooting incidents since April. Police say the reason things seemed to spin out of control is because officers lost support of the community and its leadership. Following the April riots in that city, in which police were soundly condemned as racists by black leaders, there have been as of this writing over 40 black on black homicides. Mow the same leaders are asking the U.S. Justice Department to investigate those police on the grounds that they are ignoring black
criminals in the city. In fact. Fox News reports that the mayor has finally, in July, praised police actions taken during the April riots.
There is some improvement in all this. While at their recent convention in New Orleans, NAACP leaders attacked the Bush administration as "racist," several NAACP chapter leaders in troubled cities such as Oakland said President Bush is not the problem but rather blacks refusing to take responsibility for their own conduct. The statistic was cited of over 400 black on black homicides in the Oakland area over the past six years.
1 believe Mobile police officers have been intimidated by the mayor's bias in favoring black politicians, e.g., Richardson (when a police officer had the temerity to remind the councilman his vehicle was two car lengths over the white line at a traffic light). There's high probability this latest
On M&M’s farm,
uOur legislators are not\ sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits oftheir power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us.” j - Thomas Jefferson
By Joe Ringhoffer
Chairman, Committee for Referendum
With over 3,600 of our fellow Mobilians, the Committee for Referendum has now executed a petition to amend the city's government as provided for in that state law creating and giving it form. Imbedded therein is this super-majority rule, which | effectively denies us our government by majority rule.
The referendum petition offers to Mobile voters an option for amending the government as specified in that very state law upon which Mobilians
voted in 1985. It clearly and plainly states I that the form of government may be "amended or changed" by Mobilians - a form which, by this same law, currently | requires the super-majority. To deny this would require a Clintonesque reflection that "it depends on what the meaning of the word ‘is* is." Without that superimposed super-majority, we would return to a democratic form of government.
Essentially, Mobilians must get five out of seven of their commissioners' votes, a super-majority, to receive the benefit of city council government. So far, none of
Ever wonder, does your vote make a difference? If you don't even show up for this month 9s city election, how can it?
By Ben F. George, Jr.
Chairman, Friends of the Flag In Mobile's last municipal election, only
bothered to cast a ballot. The polls you have seen mean nothing. Only that poll on August 28th has any value.
The few who choose to go vote decide the future of Mobile. Will elected officials spend us $500 million more into debt? Will elected officials listen to the will of the people? Must Mobile be dishonored as the| first American city welcoming Fidel Castro and his minions to town? Will city workers continue to be treated as indentured servants - underappreciated and underpaid?
Or, looked at another way: Mobile has a 200 million dollar budget. Multiplied by four years, that's 800 million dollars which half of the 33,000 voters or 16,500 people determined. Divide, and each voter's voice
incident of a patrolman taking five shots from a suspect and being critically wounded was partly because a white police officer is reluctant to fire the first shot at any black displaying a weapon.
After all, perhaps the gun he points at that officer isn't loaded; it may even be a plastic toy. The local media have made something of the fact that there have been several police shootings in recent months.
In Cincinnati, 15 blacks have been killed by police since 1995. In most of these cases weapons were in the hands of the blacks, resulting in an exchange of gunfire with the police.	*
But at least the authorities there appear to be pursuing "hate criminals" with zeal. The first announced indictment by the D.A. was a 20 year old white man charged with throwing a brick through the window of a black man's car and shouting racial slurs at him on April 12, the third day of the
our politicians has been heard declaring he would not accept his own election or pay or expense benefits without first receiving five out of every seven citizen votes in an election. But several, unfortunately, have suggested their constituents do not deserve the same consideration, thereby reflecting the communist boss pig's expression in Orwell's Animal Farm, that "All pigs are equal, but some pigs are more equal than others."
Electoral representative majority rule forms the very basis of our American democratic tradition. Political groups and various subsets of voters freely exert their influence through campaign involvement and voting choice, but are required to abide by an election's majority outcome. This
applies throughout America. Well, most everywhere, at least. Except for just now Mobile, Alabama.
The effects of denying majority rule are very evident. Our city, despite wonderful people, climate, and placement on the Gulf Coast, is in relative decline when compared with adjacent locations. People are voting with their feet, whether simply moving outside its limits to resist annexation efforts or leaving entirely. Why would anyone wish to join a city whose form of government denies democratic majority rule?
Along with loss of citizen involvement and the democratic spirit, de facto creation of empowered elites derails the majority simply by that cabal's refusal to comply with democratic tenets.
at the ballot box was worth at least 50,000 dollars! That's right! Each vote at the last municipal election was worth at least fifty thousand dollars! Or, if voting patterns are similar again this time, and one candidate wins by 60% to 40%, that calculates out to a margin of only 6,600 votes. Remember that 85,000 people registered to vole in Mobile did not bother If one in twelve of these people had done their duty and voted for the losing candidate, he/she would have won!
Mobile, you've got three choices for mayor. Newcomer candidate George Clarke, showing up the other night at a Council of Conservative Citizens meeting, used the opportunity to convince a Mobile Register reporter there that he was not one of those people. Already overrepresented according to demographics under Mayor Mike Dow, Clarke would hire more blacks at city hall; so that narrows it down to two, and we've told you about Dow, leaving one. This candidate, Bess Rich, not only
nots. Prior to that, more than 100 homes and businesses had been set afire and many firms looted, and several whites dragged from their cars and beaten. No suspects yet for these incidents.
One white officer expressed his opinion why more blacks have been shot than whites. He told the media: "The bottom line is, there just isn't a large number of white civilians pointing guns at us."
The Mobile Register reports 970 people living in the Williams project, with about
8,000	others in 15 similar housing projects citywide. Such concentrations can only bring the potential for more and greater disturbances, casting a shadow over planned Mobile downtown development regardless of how many high rise complexes built by RSA and the city. It seems some folks just expect police to take the first round. After all, they are supposed to be wearing their protective vests.
has lately discovered her Jewish roots, but spends much time courting the Registered super-majority minority (If you don't know, don't ask; we're running out of space here).
And while Bess Rich plays the race card adroitly as the others, she trumps Clarke for competence, also promises to discard Dow's Wall Street and Fidel Castro suits.
So why bother to vote, it's only for looks?
Go to the polls anyway, choose your own crooks! 0
reached into his waistband as if to remove
33,219 people out of 118,000 registered voters of 150,000 that were eligible, even
A tandem operation, this MaM show. Wall Street's bankers love it, the city going ever deeper in hock to build all those downtown "pearls" so prized by the lawyer, real estate and construction friends of Mayor Mike Dow and Mike Marshall, Editor of Mobile’s only daily paper.
Each vote in city election will be worth $50,000
some pigs more equal than others
Vote, even if not for the lesser racist
Attempts to get things done are met with arcane requirements in overcoming elitist veto powers. This is a dysfunctional and destructive element imbedded in the form of our government, underlying a contempt for, and arrogance toward, the citizens and their democratic process.
You can see these things working at council meetings. Citizens have been told addressing their elected representatives is "a privilege." The council has refused even to consider incorporating any recognition of the people's basic right for addressing that body as to its ordinances; which brings to mind Lord Acton's injunction that "Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.”
The effects of denying the democratic process in terms of lost official civility, civic health and citizen involvement, have been very detrimental. But at least this law provides our right to amend it
The Committee for Referendum, through its grassroots efforts, hopes to encourage citizen involvement and progress toward an effective majority, and to avoid continued fragmentation into competitive political minorities, each diminishing the democratic rights of the others because of a dysfunctional governmental form.
This petition has been signed by more Mobilians than voted for any of the current council members except one. Hopefully these public servants will not frustrate their own constituents' amendment process and deny them a public debate and their vote. [
At press time an appeal to the Alabama AC Hopes to override the city's objections and get this on the August 28th ballot Send your comments to Joseph E. RinghofTer. 1211 Government Street. Mobile 36604. More on this story in the next issue.
So, folks, the next mayor and council will not be decided by the election of August 28. The next mayor and council will be decided by who goes out to vote in the municipal election. Get out there, and bring a friend! Exercise your $50,000 vote. If you are one of those who is tired of the way things are, change it!
But, most of all, vote! It's a right; it's a responsibility; it's a duty; it should be a pleasure! Vote! Vote! Vole! Vote! Vole! Vote! Vote! VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
— Baldwin County —
August 2001 The First Freedom 5
Garbage police pursue “law” of collecting most money with least stink
Women nag better than men; that's why they're deployed more often when the law is weak but a shakedown needs enforcing. If it's simply a matter of writing tickets, men cops still do nicely.
By Olaf Childress
July 6,2001 - a hot summer day, and the editor of this newspaper sat in his cool Silverhill office punching the keyboard when he heard a motor purring. Failing to recognize a white pickup in the driveway, he hurries down to greet whomever. It's a county vehicle: emblems on both doors, battle flag at center with five occupation banners surrounding, the tinted windshield leaving two occupants barely visible. In his socks, Childress stands on the concrete apron waiting. After some pause, a blonde driver dismounts and approaches. She’s the garbage police.
GP. Hello, just driving around to make sure everyone is either setting out weekly garbage or putting it in a registered dumpster. Which are you?
OC. Neither. My wife pays for it, we don't accept the service.
GP. Oh? Then where do you put yours?
OC. That's none of your business. Give my regards to [District Attorney] David Whetstone.
GP. We’re separate from them. Ours is a completely different department.
OC. So true. Never an elected officer, always some bureaucrat. Your name, please? [Card] Kim Grainger, Deputy Solid Waste Officer? And your friend?
GP. Alice Bonner. She knows you.
OC. Then no doubt she has told you I don’t intend to comply with the rural area garbage mandate.
AB. Mr. Childress is a freedom fighter.
GP. Everybody has to stand up for what they believe in. Ed Petelinski, another freedom fighter, also told me about you.
OC. Now you know. Good day.
July 7, 2001. Childress calls Ed Petelinski to see what’s going on. It turns out the latter, whose family tills several thousand acres, was filing a lawsuit against The Magnificent Seven (that’s the Baldwin County Commission, for you folks who receive “canned news”) over denial of information requested on the county’s unequal enforcement of its rural garbage pickup racket The GP had reacted immediately to cover their assets after Petelinski showed videos he had taken proving that a large number of rural households not only weren’t participating, but that private haulers were servicing dumpsters all over the county in which people deposited their waste as often or seldom as they pleased. This, in addition to county employees and their family members enjoying free garbage service while the GP denied his own sons access to their family farm’s dumpster, Petelinski did not intend to tolerate. That same evening, he comes over and shows one of his VCR videos to Childress and Steve Johnson, founder of Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County.
SJ. This video will prove useful at my trial coming up before Judge Bishop in one week at Foley Satellite Court.
OC. We’ll see. Ed and several others including myself went for your May 21st hearing only to find it had been postponed. They don’t want to see us. just the money.
EP. Steve, I’m ready to testify at your trial against those crooks.
SJ. Bosby & Son are still picking up my garbage, but the county insists 1 owe them several hundred dollars for pickup services I haven’t asked for, nor received.
OC. This was in our June issue, the fact that when their mandate got rammed down our throats back on April 1,1994, Fool’s Day, Curtis Bosby, a hauler granted the usual exception for blacks, remained as the only hauler allowed to pick up garbage
in rural areas, but strictly on his established route south of Fairhope. So the GP don’t like it when he invades their territory; and they cite you, Steve Johnson, his customer, rather than Curtis Bosby, knowing who is and isn’t fair game in this peecee world.
SJ. Ed, just looking at these copies of papers you’ve submitted to the county commission, your request for the names of “all farms. Firms and businesses that Baldwin County Solid Waste has given exemption status to because they already have a dumpster on site” should also call for the same information on “individuals.” EP. I’ll point that out to my attorney. OC. Ed, your lawyer, Jim Curenton of Fairhope, after a long, drawn out process running into years, lost his Connor Owens v. Baldwin County case that was supposed to have stopped them from forcing his client to pay for garbage services both at home and at his vacation cottage because Owens, also a lawyer, had brought all trash home for disposal. Some thought that loss might’ve been a show trial to bring others into compliance. And, when they ganged up on Hilo Middleton, who was the only commissioner calling for a referendum on this fiasco, Jim Curenton again was unable to stop them from making his client pay some $ 12,000 in fines; while we three, plus hundreds of others, were to their certain knowledge likewise not obeying orders. I defended myself when hauled into court on trumped-up charges in lieu of an honest indictment naming noncompliance, and paid only $1,000 in fines and costs. You’ll remember they had dropped charges against me originally, but 1 refused to shut up. When I told the GPs yesterday my garbage was none of their business, they left and forgot me; and if they terrorize my wife into paying the shakedown, that’s her business.
SJ. I’ve got faith in my attorney, Donald Doerr of Bay Minette - who ran against David Whetstone for D.A. in the last election.
EP. We’ll be at your trial, Steve. Judge Jody Bishop might even rule against those crooks...
Upon motion by Johnson’s attorney, his trial was again indefinitely suspended to allow hearing a more pressing case
MEDIACRACY VERSION.OF “IS” “It is encouraging to see that the state Court of Criminal Appeals has upheld a conviction and fine against the Baldwin County commissioner who refused to pay his monthly garbage fee. The ruling can encourage [read: intimidate - Ed.] political leaders who want to be pro-active [read: procommunist - Ed.], not reactive [read: awake - Ed.], in the face of rapid growth [read: communization — Ed.].”
If you’re one of some few who are on to the game, no interpretation is needed for why the popular ex-commissioner, Hilo Middleton, had to go. Popular, that is, among those who knew him well. However, a deceived majority did as “encouraged” and voted this courageous citizen out of office. He was “unqualified” to sit among The Magnificent Seven ...
For the whole, interpreted story, go to http://www.gulftel.com/homefree/p4 -but if you’ve read The First Freedom all along, you don't need to be told that
■	Mr. Middleton, already paying regular dumpster pickup at his business, had been putting his household waste there for years, was legally exempt from paying twice; his only “crime” being not sucking up, setting an example by applying for “a permit.”
■	Among those who did suck up, landfill managers gave friends and families free garbage service, used slave labor at their disposal (county prisoners) to build secret roads and a hunting lodge on public lands, all of which is documented. What else the commissars got off with, God only knows.
■	The media/D.A./Seven complex, which thought a $12,000 fine for Hilo Middleton about right, saw a three day suspension as punishment enough, until citizens raised bell, for those robbing the taxpayers blind. □
involving a young mother wanting her child back from its six months detention by the compassion police. In this world’s most litigious state, justice waits in line.
July 10,2001 at the Baldwin County Commission’s weekly meeting, Petelinski made clear he was pursuing legal action, if necessary, to get information denied him under the Freedom of Information Act. So the county administrator was given leave to comply; and some of the info not earlier handed over, i.e., transcripts of meetings at which former commissioner Middleton had made revealing accusations against his fellow commissioners, was forthcoming:
Feb. 15,2000 “...Chairman Burt said when the County Commission voted for mandatory garbage pickup, Hubbards Landing in the Latham Community and Upper Bryants Landing in the Stockton area were being served by a dumpster service ...[t]hat has gone on until presently. In an effort to clear up questionable services in the County, Landfill personnel has [sic] searched for everybody that is in violation of what they termed to be the policies and the laws [These are different?? - Ed.]. Notices have been sent out to Mr. Bryars at Hubbards Landing and the people at Upper Bryants Landing stating that they could no longer continue the service they have had. Further, that they would each individually owe $ 11.85 per month.
“Chairman Burt said he has discussed this with the District Attorney and Health Department. He asked that a motion be made to ask the B.C. Solid Waste Department to suspend any action against the people at Upper Bryants Landing and Hubbards Landing until this can be settled.
“The District Attorney has faxed a letter this morning and he is of the opinion that you can continue the service like it is and wanted it in writing. The County Attorney needs to look over this.
“Motion by Commissioner Faust, seconded by Commissioner Hansen to suspend any action for the next 30 days against the people at Upper Bryants Landing and Hubbards Landing until this can be looked into further. Voting yea. Commissioner Jenkins, Commissioner Hansen, Commissioner Faust, Commissioner Perdue and Chairman Burt. Voting no. Commissioner Middleton. Commissioner Middleton said the reason he is voting “no” is because they are using the same laws he used to protest and was prosecuted under. This is one reason he did what he did and he wanted everyone to know it...”
July 6, 2000 “...Edward Petalinski [sic] of Elsanor appeared before the Commission and presented them with copies of
various documents. Mr. Petalinski said there are 7 families working on Petalinski Brothers Farm who have had a shared dumpster service since 1989. That dumpster has been provided by Waste Management.
“Mr. Petalinski said he tried to purchase a Haul Your Own permit from the Health Department but was told by Charlotte Plumb that he could not purchase one to haul to a dumpster... Mr. Petalinski then asked what happened with the shared dumpster service on Upper Bryants Landing in which Chairman Burt said some of them have signed up for the garbage service and others are looking at other avenues...”
Mandating rural garbage pickup in 1994, the Baldwin County Commission did not foresee such divisiveness as that program has brought And when Waste Management, Inc., opted out of its monopoly contract with them because many of the targeted households hadn't yielded to their decree, “The Seven " were none the wiser: Government would succeed where private enterprise could not
District Attorney David Whetstone had vowed to bring those stubborn refuseniks around. But, after four of Baldwin's seven commissioners got replaced in the next election and the county administrator who concocted this whole thing was fired, he hadn’t bullied Bill Ebb and others into signing up for the new tax. In fact, when Olaf Childress led a small protest group to Magnolia Landfill in 1994 challenging its closure and was arrested, the D.A. dropped his “failure to comply” charges soon after realizing that inability to produce weekly garbage was no crime, infrequent hauling of refuse to the dump - as a right formerly enjoyed but now taken away - nonetheless remained forbidden to any rural household failing its weekly quota (of cash, not trash).
Dear Mr. Petelinski:
Since you have not advised us of what interest that you have in these records or that the inspection is for a legitimate purpose, the records requested... cannot be disclosed at this time ... on grounds that the above request seeks the disclosure of confidential personnel records that could result in undue harm or embarrassment to one or more individuals. As a result, Baldwin County is not in a position to disclose such information without a subpoena or other court order. Very truly yours,
T. Joe Faust, Chairman Baldwin County Commission
To M tlx jXojJU	Co**hty
And especially you. Mr. District Attorney Whetstone:
I would like you to explain how you can give pardons to a corrupt group of people at that stinking garbage pit called the Baldwin County Landfill. These same people, eventually fired for their private hunting clubs and dual time cards, weren't the only ones guilty of wrongdoing. Why didn't you clean out the whole hen house?
I would like for you to explain to me how these people at the landfill can take away a shared service granted to anybody who has shared service for a period of six months under Alabama law. Our farm of seven families pay Waste Management for a dumpster which we have used for years, and we were told that we could not haul our garbage to it from our residences “because we were using county roads.”
We received letter after letter from the Baldwin County landfill explaining their reason for taking away our shared service, which was granted under Alabama law where it clearly states that if you shared service for a period of six months you could continue to share without filing for an exemption. Our farm that we three brothers and one son live on was purchased fifty-one years ago by my father. It is the center of operations because it contains all of our equipment, storage bins and office. What right did they have drawing lines through our family farm, of roads and pig trails, and stating that this is how you are to deliver your garbage to the dumpster?
Where does it state in Alabama law that we three brothers must throw our garbage over the fence and then drive half a mile through the com fields and pick it up and take it to our dumpster? If Moses were here today in Baldwin County, he could not free the thousands of people who have had their freedom taken away.
The only thing this bunch of corrupt people at the stinking Baldwin County landfill didn’t do to our family is shoot us in the head like they do in China or Russia. All partnerships, corporations and individuals should have the right to haul garbage to the landfill or to any dumpster they pay for.
Edward Petelinski
— Alabama
South is rising, forming coalitions;
patriots out of line, Bama out front
It had to happen; there i only so much of this culture-bashing and media lying the people can take.
By Olaf Childress A bronze star marks that spot on the Montgomery Capitol steps where Jefferson Davis stood and was sworn in as President of the Confederate States of America, a nation which did not vanish with General Robert E. Lee's battlefield surrender. As Southern resistance to attack from the north, following its breakaway from those same invaders having scarcely escaped tyranny themselves a few years earlier, ended when the CSA ran out of bullets. Lincoln's Gen. Sherman was allowed his free Rape to the Sea. But. with textbooks from that point on written by the aggressor, it was proclaimed a March to the Sea. Now at last the truth can be told. In no way has the Confederacy been dissolved Months of imprisonment failed to bring Davis around to admitting pacification. He demanded a trial, and they dropped charges. Sound familiar?
“The issue for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, although it may be in another time and in another form." -Jefferson Davis Davis was quite prescient, for today the South is indeed rising. Its people are tired of being told by a bunch of scalawag media
freaks they're bigots, racists and, because answering with extra punch when they're insulted, “reactionaries." Up nawth. it's said, if informed they are bloomin' idiots, some will respond. “Thank you."
Legendary Southern hospitality doesn't go that far, even if we are called extremists for not buying the liberal line. Here's the president of our recently formed Alabama Coalition, herself an exemplar of all that's worth aggressively defending, to tell us more about what's happening.
Ellen Williams of Leroy, Alabama, what's this Alabama Coalition? Across the South, others are only talking about unification. Here it
We meet monthly at a central location, in Clanton at first and now Prattville.
CSA was Ken Hearin's idea, but we renamed it the Alabama Coalition this June 2Sth. He is one of our 13 board Ellen \\ ilium*. President member directors The Alabama Coalition who represent altogether every part of the state. Ken McGhee is vice president, and Connie Mori is our secretary/treasurer. Each of the seven Alabama congressional
districts and two senatorial districts is monitored and advised by one of our directors. We are calling the public's attention to the contents of legislative bills and the actions of government as affects each area, plus the state at large.
What’s on the front burner right now?
The Alabama Historical Commission's plans to remodel our Capitol of the Confederacy and turn it into a civil rights shrine with $5.9 million received from Washington to do exactly that. We have mustered crowds in opposition to this scheme at scarcely announced “public" meetings designed to falsely show support for this rewriting of history. Already our pressure has made Chairman Lee Warner back off from “temporarily" relocating the statue of Jefferson Davis standing before our capitol in Montgomery, but we want the whole project stopped.
Can The First Freedom \ readers help?
This is a coalition. Join the action! Send a message to Gov. Siegelman and the AHC, telling them to spend this money at some other place and leave our capitol alone.
|See letters section for addresses.! Are there many groups in the coalition?
We have had tremendous response and cooperation. The reluctance in other states of heritage organizations to agree upon a common effort reflects the old axiom that
nobody wants to play second fiddle. So we do not claim to actually represent any organization, but are working to unify the Sons of Confederate Veterans. United Daughters of the Confederacy. Order of Confederate Rose. Council of Conservative Citizens, and the Historical Preservation Association in a grassroots networking with still more to come.
Ken Hearin has talked networking as well for the state’s several tabloid papers.
Jim Moore is publisher of The Alabama Defender of which I'm editor, just one of those heritage newspapers. We will have in place soon a news service to which editors from across the state each send monthly a top story of statewide interest in exchange for similar news. Our board member from Athens. Terri Fulton, will be researching the voting records of all state legislators for the last session, for instance, and help us with that first annual report card all the patriot tabloids have been "conspiring" to put together lately. After the next election, your local representatives will pay closer attention to what such tabloids and the Alabama Coalition are saying. We are in this for the long haul, and will settle for no less than the return of self-government
Thanks. Your words are sweet music. Please accept this short press release as our humble contribution to the cause.
s in place.
You missed this one? Okay, but please be at Marbury Sept. 8 (see page 1)
Flying the Bonnie Blue at Ole Bedford's 2nd Annual Party, Pat says Thanks for the memories!
By Patricia S. Godwin
SELMA - To all who could not be with us this year: Please plan on next year, July 13,2002. This is an annual event at the Godwin farm.
TO ALL WHO CAME:
We’ve crashed and burned after Ole Bedford's Party and now it's back to the war! Had to take a few days off to regroup and to try to get the place back to normal, whatever that is! And: We hated to see everyone leave. We mean it when we say, “Come at 3:00 and stay till ya wanna go home!"
Mere words cannot adequately express the gratitude felt by Butch and myself for your presence at Ole Bedford's party on Saturday. It | was a great success only because	Amid moss enshrouded 100 year old trees of Old Live Oak Cemetery, Selma. Alabama, reenactors marching to a
ofyou! We had approximately 200 memorial service appear as ghosts from Selma’s War-Bet* een-the-States past. Battle of Selma, April 29, 2001.
to 250 folks there, a glorious sight to see. It was truly a grand day in the Heart of Dixie this Saturdav at the 2nd Annual Birthday Celebration of Ll General Nathan Bedford Forrest Our Lord blessed us with one beautiful July day, a bit warm middle of the afternoon, but the evening was quite pleasant for homemade ice cream and watermelon!
John Killian, for your inspirational, unsurpassed and unchallenged oratory -“Fly the Flag!" Thank you. Y’all, this man is incredible! His oratory is wonderful and John's delivery is indescribable. You must see and hear him to believe it. And fly the flags we did! We hoisted two additions to all the flags of the Confederacy at the farm's entrance: the real Georgia flag and
the 106 year old flag of the great. sovereign State of Mississippi!!!!!!!
A big Thanks to Bobby Holloway for helping Butch set the flagpoles on Friday before the party on Saturday! And: For everything else Bobby Holloway and Belinda did at the party to make it the success it was. Thanks to Carol Crowly, Melinda Andrews and Belinda Holloway for all their invaluable help in the kitchen. A big thank you and a hug to Sarah Andrews for helping me set up the tables outside and for manning the registration table. Without these ladies this party could not have been!
We had the entire length of the 68 foot porch bannister railing draped with all the flags beginning with the Bonnie Blue! And.
of course, the flag of the 7th Tennessee Cavalry - The Forrest Flag - and the National Flag of Scotland fly at all times up here at the house. I sure hated to take the flags off the bannister railing; I just love all those flags!
The music this year was provided by Basic Gray: Nat Rudulph and Larry Smith. They were their usual outstanding duo of guitars and harmonica. Tom Manning and the Dixie Cross Cats were great, too, and certainly added to the lively festivities. I think Miss Ellen can attest to that. LOL!
But our special guest of honor - General Nathan Bedford Forrest - was something to see! Ladies, this fella will make ya get out the smellin* salts and ya fan! Steve McIntyre of Memphis, Tennessee bears an
uncanny resemblance to General Forrest, and is a great champion compatriot for our cause in his own right. Steve, his lovely wife Connie and daughter Missy are a delightful special treat to our celebration. Steve is alread> booked to be here with us again next \ ear as General Forrest with another heart rendering address from the pages of General Forrest's historic battles.
Our hats are off to the Southern Chefs - Bobby Hollo wav. Butch Godwin. Danny Sanders. Ronnie Simmons and Lloyd Deramus I was told by so many folks this w as the best catfish they had ever eaten! If any of you would like one of the commemorative aprons like the ones our chefs were wearing, please let me know. I have twelve more to sell; they are $20 each and the proceeds go the defense fund. By the w ay. a total gross of $2,240 was taken in at the party. This was great. Thank you all so much for reaching deep in your pockets to contribute to the legal defense fund in the ongoing battle with the city of Selma!
I would also like to thank Stuart Dodd and Madison Cook from Tennessee for bringing greetings from the Southern Independent Party of Tennessee. They drove a long way to celebrate w ith us the General's birthday! We had five states represented -Alabama. Georgia. Tennessee. Florida and Mississippi. It was truly a glorious day in the Heart of Dixie!
Thank you all again for a wonderful day. It cannot happen without you!
Confederate^ yours,
Pat and Butch Godwin Scalawag Selma, AmeriKa King Jamesdom, Alabama
Alabama Historical Commission plans to “interpret” state historic sites
GULF SHORES - “Ft Morgan offers the greatest opportunity for raising revenues to implement our Global Recommendations for Centralizing Controls," announced the centralizers at a surprise “public” forum.
THE OLD RUNAROUND (see page 8) was old news by the time we went to press, a sneaky AHC having announced for the first time yet another “open" meet the day before it was to take place, puning out false information as to the actual starting time; this one at Gulf Shores' Adult Activity Center on July 23. Those not privy to the
game arrived an hour late.
“The commission is actively seeking public input as it attempts ... interpretation of our historic sites ..." intoned the AHC's last-minute announcement. Uh, yeah. Helping them out with their communication gap, the Alabama Coalition flashed word to Lloyd Caperton's Southern Nationalists who showed up in numbers protesting this cozy gathering of promoters, judges and politicians. Ellen Williams charged the AHC with trying to circumvent public input, having given correct information only to
insiders and reporters to assure its illusion.
“Exciting new interpretations" was the theme expressed repeatedly by panelists pleading for media support. “Wc simply don't have the money at state level for the necessary interpretations of historic places, nor to inform visiting schoolchildren and tourists. So let us build some excitement. It is our intent to put Economics Research Associates - whose offices in London and across the U.S. will have complete control over Alabama's historical sites - in charge of raising and dispensing outside capital."
“No outside money with strings!" came the Southern Nationalists' reply. “If funds for 'interpreting' historic sites aren't there at state level, forget it. We like Ft. Morgan as it is, anyway; our state Capitol, too. Washington has offered this Alabama Historical Commission six million dollars to ’renovate' the latter into a civil rights shrine commemorating the 1965 Sclma-to-Montgomery parade." League of the South President Michael Hill had earlier told the AHC: “Send that money back, and tell them to stay out of Alabama \ business ”
— The South —
August 2001 The First Freedom 7
Reparations for Southerners?
The idea is much too obvious to be understood by today's political animals. A distinguished Southern historian would emancipate Abe's Atrocity from its present oblivion.
By Dr. Michael Hill
President, The League of the South
The League of the South is petitioning Congress to conduct a thorough, nonpartisan study examining the long neglected injustices arising from the war crimes committed across the South from 1861-1865 in violation of the U. S. Constitution, the Law of Nations, and U. S. Executive Order Number 100, whereby the private property of noncombatants was ravaged, burned, stolen and destroyed as a deliberate policy of an unconstitutional war of invasion, conquest and occupation.
Tens of thousands of individuals in the South are now signing petitions asking The League of the South to represent them as a
class by exercising the people’s right of petition or by a suit at law for damages. We anticipate that a thorough and impartial Congressional investigation will reveal the necessity for a long overdue compensatory program of justice for people of all races in the South - white, black and red - who were subjected to treatment during and after the War Between the States that resulted in little less than the barbaric dispossession and destruction of the Southern people and their way of life.
No reparations, no indemnification, and no “Marshall Plan” has ever been conceived or enacted by the United States Government. The United States Government now claims to be the moral monitor for the entire world; however, it cannot justify this position without first cleansing its own shield of the shame of war crimes and acts of vengeance against Southern Americans in action perhaps best described by General William Tecumseh Sherman, who said: “. .. about 20% of our effort [in Georgia and South Carolina] was against military objectives. The rest [80%] was sheer waste and destruction.” Sadly, such unconscionable depredations were all too common across the South during both the war and Reconstruction.
The League of the South now seeks reparations from the United States Government for all Southerners and their families who suffered atrocities during the war and the years of military occupation that followed.
Dr. Michael Hill (205) 553-0155 Send written request to join this suit to: Mr. Jack Kershaw, Esq.
League of the South Chief Legal Counsel (615) 292-2316
Mr. Jack Kershaw, Esq.
League of the South Chief Legal Counsel 3616 Doge Place Nashville, TN 37204
Re: Class action suit for war reparations
Dear Mr. Kershaw:
You have asked interested participants to submit their applications in writing. Here's mine. I intend to join the class action suit brought by yourself on behalf of citizens numbering in the millions and represented by the League of the South, including those who aren't dues-paying members of that splendid organization but do recognize the fact of its guarding their interests better than does the tax-collecting regime in power. I claim restitution for damages inflicted upon my ancestral family and homeland by the northern invaders of 1861-1865, and can document that my personal family suffered greatly during this period of wanton destruction, rape and pillage, the results of which damage continue to the present day. I earnestly beg opportunity to testify at any eventual hearings of the matter.
Olaf Childress, editor THE FIRST FREEDOM “Self-government begins at home”
Remedial education for liberals
Setting the wreckers straight.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
League of the South
In recent years it has come to be known as politically incorrect to refer to things as they are. or as we might perceive them to be. This is done to insulate city people and liberals from terms which might remind them they are living in the real world. For example, a garbage man is now called a sanitation engineer. A jail or prison is a correctional facility. A homosexual is a person with an alternate lifestyle. Hunting is harvesting game. A drug addict or junkie is a person with a chemical dependency and so on. However, many of the old slurs for Southerners remain.
For instance. Confederates were and are “Rebels,” which term implies disobedience to proper order. A working Southron is often still referred to as a “Redneck,” a name which implies ignorance. Our battle for states' rights was incorrectly called by the Yankees a “Civil War.” This says our ancestors were traitors and troublemakers trying to conquer the. North and overthrow
the federal government. All we Southrons wanted was for them to leave us alone.
Here are some suitable terms we should demand when hearing liberal slurs against our culture and heritage. Old term: Rebel. Insist on: Southern Nationalist. Formerly: Redneck. Make that: Southern Working Class. Myth: Civil War. The fact: War for Southern Independence. Old term: Honkey or Cracker. Correct: European American. Insult: Hillbilly. Fitting: Rural Southron.
This is humorous, but serious if we are to gain respect and take back control of our land. What has worked for others will do for us! We must correct liberals for their bad choices of words just as they smugly remind us when we slip up. Take care. Dixie Forever!
CONFEDERATE CORNER
Located in Stonewall Feeds H wys 158 and 43 — Saraland. AL 334-679-0372 Call or come by for Rebel items of any description: flags, stickers, pins, cups, mementos of every kind.
Curing liberal Confederaphobia
Poor jokers! Having taken the bait and approved Jesse Jackson 9s rag, er, Georgia's new flag, voted *Ugliest in North America, 99 does the governor of A tlanta really hope the Peach State will forget by 2002?
MILLIE WON’T FORGET!
Dear Governor Barnes: While I do appreciate the fact that you responded to my email regarding the new “ugliest” Georgia flag which you and other so-called “leaders” of the state took upon yourselves to foist on the residents of our great state, it does not bother me that national and world “eyes” are judging the South, and Georgia, as “evildoers!” For I know better than they the true hearts of the real people who live in our great state. I was born here! The values of national and world judgements are nil - for neither is without motes of their own!
Proud (but not of you) Confederate, Millie Jo Richardson NELSON WALLER COMMENTS: Again, my heart is overflowing with rapture to see the way people are fighting this treachery and writing our oppressors! But again, may I offer a further refinement to a brilliant treatment (ModMillie’s) on the subject? We must always remember
This is what you
That wisdom which escapes the mediacracy can be summarized in a word.
By Nelson Waller Mr. Finn, and various Chattanooga Times/Free Press officials, a few thoughts on your recent article.
1)	There is ONE little word missing which - if properly capitalized upon -would tie everything together, resolve every “issue,” and obviate the need for any further pain and suffering (not to mention newspaper articles) over the Georgia flag. It’s only one word, but without it, it’s like an article about the ocean that doesn’t mention water!
2)	Among the words you have used, we regrettably find none that tend toward any effect but furthering the myth that every “issue” must be defined along racial lines, and the public further polarized by it into racial armed camps (political correctness, class warfare, Hegelian dialectics).
3)	The article is highly partisan in its effective denial of the obvious and critical fact that Premier Barnes has savaged the democratic process in his assault on the real Georgia flag (and, by inference, the traditional South).
4)	You don’t give a clue of the real extent to which most Georgians (and other people, for that matter) [A] loved the old
that gliberals lie all day every day, and whatever they say is to be treated as absolute bulldinkey, and must merrily lacerate everything they say and every assumption under which they operate. To credit the gliberal claim that the world disapproves of our shows of Southern pride is to give the devil the point without even swinging your bat at the curve ball he’s throwing you. This is nothing but another Big Lie, because most people everywhere love the Confederate flag, revere the South, and jump for joy every time we manage to embarrass the South-hating establishment! In fact, this country is starting to look like the most Confederaphobic of all, irony of ironies... Thus (IMHO) it seems to me the best response to Rappin* Roy’s claim about the other states and other countries hating us would be - thinking strategically now - to shoot down the claim itself, not (!!!) to offer one defensive word in response. There are a few blessedly simple rules that go far in dealing with gliberals. One is that everything they say is a misrepresentation of some kind It is thus a sly or even dim-witted and unintentional attempt to move you from a position of insistence on truth and facts to one of dickering with them about inanities. Thus our main thrust should always be to insist that they stand right where we are and defend their indefensible trash or answer our truth! A/.W.
misses, Mr. Finn
flag, [B] opposed a flag change and all trucklings to political correctness, [C] hate the new flag and the Stalinist way it was forced upon them by Hotlanta’s self-appointed culture commissars.
These are the facts and they are newly proven about once a week when a Confederate flag poll is held by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution or some other major “news” source.
Oh, yes. That mystical, pivotal word I mentioned which could offer the world finality, closure, mutual harmony and understanding, and an end to Confederate flag “issues” in legislatures and public squares and schools and newsrooms... If I tell you what it is, will you promise to use it judiciously in future commentaries on the C-flag and its implications? You do want to tell the whole story of whatever subject is at hand, don't you, Mr. Finn - especially if it bids fair to bring real social progress in a matter of controversy? 1 believe social progress is one of the main goals preached in journalistic seminaries nowadays - and you do, we trust, go along with this aspect of the program? All right Mr. Finn. Here's that word: “Mississippi.”	A/.W.
Mr. Waller is a columnist with the South Carolina Edgefield Advertiser, a free-lance reporter for the Southern Chronicler. The Nationalist Times and this newspaper, and is Secretary of the S.C. Council of Conservative Citizens.
General N.B. Forrest Proclamation
Wounded four times in battle,
29	horses shot out from under him,
30	documented Yankee kills, seven of which were on the front lines with his own sword, and the only Confederate general the Yankees wanted so bad they put a bounty out on him. General N.B. Forrest, like General R.E. Lee, will never be forgotten.
Charles Park
CSA Let Us Vote Campaign. SC, GA, AL.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
State of Tennessee
Proclamation by the Governor WHEREAS, Nathan Bedford Forrest was one of the military' geniuses of American history and a brilliant General; and WHEREAS, Nathan Bedford Forrest was a native Tennessean whose use of mqpqled.infantfy wa? qotMonJy highly
successful but also widely copied both in this country and in Europe; and
WHEREAS, General Forrest, gening there “First With the Most,” is said to have been bom a soldier as some men are bom poets; and
WHEREAS, After the War Between the States. Fonest was a respected citizen of Tennessee;
NOW. THEREFORE, I, Don Sundquist, as Governor of the State of Tennessee, do hereby proclaim, July 13, 2001, as NATHAN BEDFORD FORREST DAY in Tennessee in honor of this great leader and do urge all our citizens to join me in this worthy observance.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I HAVE HEREUNTO SET MY HAND AND CAUSED THE SEAL OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE lO BE AFFIXED AT NASHVILLE THIS 5th DAY OF JULY, 2001.
Don Sundquist, Governor . nt 0i Riley Q. £arpell, Sec^tqiy of State
UtUn..,
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief • and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
THE OLD RUNAROUND We need to be at the Alabama Historical Commission hearing August 1st. 1 called Warner's office and they would not reveal the exact location; just said it would be at the University of South Alabama “probably at 9:30" in “one of the board rooms." Can you imagine? This is a group paid by public funds, and they will not tell me where they are meeting. Said they would issue a press release later, just like they did at Birmingham -aday before the meeting.
ELLEN WILLIAMS Leroy
EDITOR'S REPLY Reb Ellen, I can well understand the Alabama Historical Commission doesn't want the likes of you attending its upcoming “public" meeting at Mobile's University of
South Alabama, why they won't give out information. The hysterical commission got its $6 million bribe from Washington some months ago to “temporarily" relocate Jeff Davis’ statue that has stood before our capitol since the Northern Invasion, and install there plaques commemorating the mediacracy's 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery parade. You and others tell us to write: Capitol Grounds Restoration Alabama Historical Commission P.O. box 3000900 Montgomery, AL 36130-0900 which doesn’t sit well with the gods of peecee. You've made me think about things other than money, beer and TV. I’ve called the guv's 334-242-7100 number
twice demanding he send the bribe back where it came from and fire hysterical commissioner Lee Warner. Also wrote the Don at 600 Dexter Ave., Montgomery, AL 36130, even sent an email to his link at www.governor.state.al.us/
What you're not supposed to know is that the “public" meeting is in the USA Student Center Ballroom at 8am Aug. 1st, after which the AHC meets separately in one of the board rooms at 9am. It's the usual “public input" hour before revealing what has been long decided, or the old DELPHI technique. But if none of us can pose real questions, that's also a story. So let’s all be there with some hard ones for those softheaded fools.	-	ED.
WHAT PUBLIC MEETING?
The first thing I would do is see if there is some sort of Administrative Procedures Act allowing citizens to challenge the actions/decisions of state agencies. Most states have such a statute. Not sure what time limits may exist or may have passed even if there is such a law, but every time a state agency meets and makes a decision there is usually a mechanism to challenge that action to those having the requisite “standing." This is a whole other issue, which I can't get into here. Try to find a sympathetic attorney familiar with the Alabama Administrative Procedures Act He/she would be the best person to help you. Good luck, and keep me posted.
HOWARD SOLOMON Jacksonville, FL
Terminal Phase	By Olaf Childress .	Older liberate and	neophytes
Self-government begins in the home of the brave, ends in the land of the freebies. One resists temptation or takes the bait
And, since every choice is a verifiable record in this information age, the showing of where you stand, or recline, on any issue cannot be circumvented. That's no longer a matter for debate. Only the results of each election count. The mediacrat has his line. What’s your bottom one?
The seed grows. To those assuming they have errata/this miraculous fulfillment of prayer, the higher law merely suggests what return might be expected, which dues will come forward without effort. But we should cultivate the young, unobtrusively and from aside, to rise above such trifle.
Lacking experience, the new generation settles on things commanding its attention; and, with media predators laying traps by innuendo in words and images, that usually comes out to a bill of goods. Each day some venality not worth considering gets crammed into these unknowing children’s faces by whoever has mounted the public forum: which. I say again, is decided by the media. Why should this be? Because their elders demand nothing better/ If oriented and motivated by more reliable authority, no excusing the awkward consequences of idealist schemes, youth might be led past that pathetic, stagnant, artificially-leveled society, perhaps even so far as to penetrate Utopia's truest goal — empowering its phony professors.
Absent such oversight, the alternative snoops in, usurps our parental prerogative and indoctrinates these vulnerable young to mock themselves and deny the inherent qualities of their culture, lineage and race. Forcing the proud Brahman to fit in may stultify its virtue, but renders the herd more submissive and profitable. Although it’s unnatural, the program rewards a coward who, having tasted its unappetizing theory, finds this conspiracy of hypocrisy and lies, backed by an arsenal of politically-corvect videos and texts, the whole shebang, his meal ticket to power. What imagination!
What stupid negligence! that a people who think highly of their opinions should tolerate this rancid baloney being force-fed to youngsters hungering after truth!
Rightly instructed innocents might laugh at such a pattern of inconsistencies were it only exposed to them. Otherwise, they'll applaud on cue a great amount of this claptrap routinely, and successfully, bending them to mayhem and subjugation.
Sad joke of it all, youth’s genius is denied its own inquiry into logical options for want of less gullible guardians.
What can mature individuals - people who understand the ploy and realize this is no matter for amusement or occasional light debate - do about it? How shall their argument counter the devil’s presentation?
Let eyes open and mouths admit there's no permanent victory or downfall. Nothing banishes that evil which returns to the void of forsaken principles. Nor is standing on faith in death a defeat. May the purpose of answering omnipresent challenge grow by each reply more evident, as contention sharpens whoever sets virtue against machination. Give us a good fight! In this quest for truth, raise out possibly unlimited potential higher, with awareness that those exalting “multiculturalism" are quite as convinced of their place above the law we hereby invoke.
Taking notice of where the persistent foe is calling us out to disadvantage, when we bring our constitution to bear in that same quarter with willpower, and hang tough through thick and thin, inner peace can be gained for having recognized we're at war - with lawmaking judges, mediacrats and others craving inflexibility for themselves but a yoke on us commoners. Ifsuchpartof changeless law as all may grasp is to have effect, then a “civil disobedience" grenade lobbed upon Jeffersonian civilization twice (in 1865 and 1965), along with instructions for its use, must be tossed back.
Should we fail, inasmuch as order and disorder are mutually exclusive in a world of constant flux, an old evil will lure new states and individuals into the abyss. All across the South, patriots receive pleas from disarmed others reminding us we're their last hope. It's decision time.
Do your duty. Take a day of£ join some demonstration. Forget the overtime bonus, money isn't honor. Rather than be drafted for another of the world's wars, fight this one at home; it's the same conflict
Let those inimical emissaries spout their heated rhetoric; communism by any name is nothing more than the fuming remnant cliches of a thoroughly disproved idea. With ever so cool a head, obey and accept instead the primary and immutable law, never again grudgingly to observe the mediacracy's hackneyed “guidelines" aimed at undermining the United States Constitution. Though a thousand defects demonstrate their grand central plan's false
and farcical prospects, the millions who've died in its gulags aren’t laughing.
Within true law, one may also discover visions abounding; and no less wonderful for being actually attainable. We'll come upon new and legitimate tools unique to each situation, advance rapidly so far from this present as the clear horizon admits of sight, thence to venture beyond; realizing that when one useful device obsolesces. another and more appropriate will appear. Faith is no restraint - but a privilege.
For we are protected by the aegis of our U.S. Constitution. Despite a bevy of media championed liberal judges imagining themselves “liberated" from its checks and balances, in the land that chose to be ruled by laws, not men, so long as that charter's decision remains in memory, and my work plus many another's will renew its issue, as much time beckons saving this precious heritage from today's barbarians.
Meanwhile, chanting a little ditty which contains most of what they’ve learned in four misspent years at some avant-garde university, a rueful coterie of “saviors" out in left field are burning to proselytize the lot of us. The song goes: “I’d like to teach/ the world to sing/ in perfect harmony!" Ah, yes, and indulge us. too, in the hibernation of their “collective" conscience.
Whoever guesses what today's “news" managers are hatching up for the week's big scoop must yield them one thing: The media event, dictated simultaneously to all subalterns, consistently demonstrates those overlords' brilliance and dexterity at avoiding rational debate or anything that questions such priorities as the habitually falling sky proving regularly a false alarm. It comes with directions for conducting polls and interviews to arrive at none but their own, you-have-a-right-to-know agenda. That syndicate would silence even the consideration of a different outcome. Which neat script ignores its “leadership" qualifications of the past, all records now down the memory hole. How they get away with it? Typical answers stray from the queries brought by intelligent minds young and old; making us suspicious these people don I really care about us.
Could it be the mediacrats simply don I have unequivocal evidence for socialism's outperforming the unfettered individual? No proof, just wishful thinking? Not one precedent to trot out in the eternally open arena of ideas? Nothing that would satisfy our need to appreciate that central planning
plan before giving it the thumbs-up?
In truth, the older liberal does recognize his habit is pure fiction; however, he will yield neither the pretended hope for such vision materializing, nor the hype that's forever closing on Nirvana. If magic can be conjured under any circumstances, this demagogue will spend other people's money investigating ways to improve their lots, less his commission, until, bingo! During all of which interval, not blind but necessarily seeing the unfortunate victims strewn along the path he's traveled, our would-be ruler inhales a breath of power.
Not so the neophyte, who fancies rising from this best of all worlds to the apogee promised by that dream spinner. Joining the crew which must discover mankind's universal denouement, such genius never rests. No meistcr springs forth full bloom, it takes time. And the image he considers his, like that earthly Paradise designed but still testing, has first to overthrow nature. Small problem.
He's sure every flaw will work out when we all pull as one toward the great society. Imagine such teamwork! Brute force set whipping oppression and hunger! Waging a great war on poverty, drugs, homophobes and assorted reactionaries given to rousing simpleton fears — that government is not their savior but sooner an enemy. This weak underclass./or its own good, must be brought to follow his prompts more closely in replacing constitutional restraints with true checks and balances. Scaling that wall against extremism, he advocates ironfisted official redistribution as the only escape from life's uncertainties.
Having loosed this holiest of wars, just one tower remains beyond the grapple of those screechings: Multicultural blending is not for Boss Jew. Diversity's drumbeat, here a mite off throb by its inconsistency, goes mute. The poor thing is unsure at this point what he stands for. Mulling it over, and with no other path those investigative skills of his can make out. our hero returns to the front readjusted or not at all.
Accepting now any old assignment hinted down from above, that was but a brief lapse. Besides, today's reversal of yesterday's lead proves that a plan really has been formed somewhere. Committed totally, the broad-minded universalist - in peecee lockstep - is reluctant about having opinions not at one with his obligation; or admitting doubt in the movement itself. Such ones serve the mediae racy.
The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576
PUHFJAUE		
mATl adorfSs		
CTTY	“'FT	“inr
□	Here's S12 for a one-year subscription^
O For S___________i	extend	my	expiration
date by the same number of months
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of this issue.
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of next issue, i
D $___________enclosed as a patron.
Email, tel .nr. or comment:
Help get the word out!
SBE A DISTRIBUTOR! ORDER 200 EXTRA COPIES OF THIS OR NEXT ISSUE SHIPPED ANYWHERE IN THE U.S. FOR $20.
How can we possibly do that? Simple. Nobody at The First Freedom gets paid. Neither the editor nor the writers. Printing and shipping costs above this amount for 200 copies are provided by our patrons. Some find time to spare but not cash, others the opposite, all serving for rewards we wouldn't think of yielding. Come join us.
.Ji
WE DO NOT EXIST
EDITOR'S NOTE: Plutocrats and pimps for the controlled media didn't want us standing on our constitutional rights. Bob Taylor, chairman, Mobile County Chapter League of the South (page 2), has come before a judge for driving without a license of any kind, just as I have been summoned to court for hauling trash to the public dump unlicensed. The charge at my trial, "Failure to Participate In and Subscribe to Mandatory Collection" (page 5), was dropped. Likewise, when Bob started citing the law and demanding a jury trial, he became a menace to the BS (in this instance, big scam) and so was ushered out the door.
Okay, few had heard of these two cases, or hundreds of others, until lately; the mediae racy having put a tight lid on such information. But (haven't you noticed?) the Internet and a growing number of tabloids like The First Freedom are forcing them to cover more real news these days, and less of the BS. No, we do not exist.
WE THRIVE