SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.'’ But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.

ree
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 4 Number 9
http://www.gul frel .com/homefree/
September 2002
Project Double Barrel - Let’s go after the bighorns up on Goat Hill
Fall is coming. Hunting season. And the general election.
By Olaf Childress
In our Southern heritage movement, some are here just to reminisce. For others who would do something, only the internet has been available to communicate your ideas for salvaging virtue from the media's relentless drive. The internet, and tabloids like The First Freedom. Dare one hope for improvement in that stock of wildlife browsing habitually at the public feeding grounds? Could we put into office enough who will actually represent us, so that the Alabama Constitution may be rescued?
Not in the shoil run. What we can do is pray. And work. With this current session of lawmaking animals falling into every trap set by the media - they're too dim to see that a constitution rewrite would move them onto a shrinking reservation - our best hope is to thin the herd of its sicklier scalawags. But don't waste political ammo on the 105-member House. Go after the worst of those 35 state senators. No bill becomes law without their nod.
Think strategy. The Christian Coalition has followed them on 20 key votes during 2000-2001, and from that list I will name the 13 state senators who've got to be, in my opinion, retired if self-government moves forward in Alabama. We won’t get them all in November; but, by joining this hunt, perhaps you will help wake it a fair
beginning.
Before deciding, here’s the equipment you'll need: A computer. Area newspaper addresses. Their voting records. Resolve.
I can't help you with that last item, but online search engines will find newspaper contacts, and the documented votes are at www.ccbama.org/ScoreCard 1999-2000/sc orecard.pdf - in addition to the Secretary of State's www.sos.state.al.us/cf/elec-tion/2002/candl cfm listing of candidates.
Don't expect the big daily papers to print your letters. But send them a few and prove me wrong. They just may notice what their liberal agenda has wrought and admit an alternate viewpoint. Go mainly for the hometown weeklies, the talk shows.
Here are the targets (shown in boldface) followed by their challengers:
District 2 - Madison, Limestone, Morgan Butler, Tom (D), 136 Hartington Drive, Madison 35758
Andrews, Steve (R), 16667 Sallie Lane, Harvest 35749
District 3 - Lawrence, Winston, Morgan Roberts, Tommy Ed (D), P.O. Box 1268, Hartselle 35640
Smith, Terry (R), 3720 Chula Vista Drive SW, Decatur 35601
District 4 - Cullman, Madison, Morgan Little, Zeb (D), P.O. Box 930, Cullman 35056
Graves, Greg (L)
Hunt, Guy (R), 285 County Road 1711, Holly Pond 35083
District 6 - Franklin, Fayette, Marion, Lamar, Colbert, Winston, Pickens Bedford, Roger (D), P.O. Box 370, Russellville 35653
Frazier, Betty (R), 12263 State Highway 233, Brilliant 35548 District 7 - Madison
Enfinger, Jeff (D), 1272 Becket, Huntsville 35801
Bacon, Gregory Eric (L), P.O. Box 7104, Huntsville 35807
Peters, Elbert (R), 1701 Jeannette Circle, Huntsville 35816
District 8 - DeKalb, Jackson, Madison Barron, Lowell (D), P.O. Box 65, Fyffe 35971
Hammonds, David (R), P.O. Box 38, Ider 35981
District 70- Etowah. St. Clair
Means, Larry (D), P.O. Box 786, Attalla
35954
Williams, David L. (R), 1204 Johnson Street, Gadsden 35903 District II - Coosa, Elmore, Talladega Preuitt, Jim (D), 723 East Battle Street, Talladega 35160
Bradford, Ralph, Sr. (R), 1614 Hanna
Avenue, Anniston 36201
District 19 - Jefferson
McClain, E. B. (D), 3826 Troy Terrace,
Brighton 35020
Walker, Cliff (R), P.O. Box 996, Bessemer 35021
District 22 - Escambia, Washington. Baldwin,* Choctaw" Clarke,' Conecuh,
Monroe
Lindsey, Pat (D), 126 South Mulberry. Butler 36904
Day, Sheldon A. (R), 412 MacMillan
Drive, Thomasville 36784
District 23 - Choctaw, Clarke, Conecuh,
Dallas, Lowndes, Marengo, Monroe,
Wilcox
Sanders, Hank (D), P.O. Box 1290, Selma 36702
Motes, Richard (L), 464 County Road 43, Tyler 36785
District 24 - Tuscaloosa, Hale, Marengo, Sumpter, Greene, Perry Steele, Charles, Jr. (D), 2615 Stillman Blvd, Tuscaloosa 35401 Rantschler, James (L)
District 26 - Montgomery
Ross, Quinton T. (D), P.O. Box 6183,
Montgomery 36106
Love, Beverly Ray (R), P.O. Box 250213, Montgomery 36105
Now get busy; help their opponents send those in boldface to other employment n
Got that Of h. petcee, scatamg-dMlgntd "Hart taU on" _______car	tag?	Han't	tha	solution:_
V HEART OF DIXIE
IT LOOKS BETTER • Hot's no question ITS EASY - Goes vitfN Oiar the -Hart fall on"
ITS INEXPENSIVE - On* a Yafikut Mar
ITS LEGAL - At verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED -
1 don't think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag In the state ef Alabama. I can say It to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South fDtnfto rise again. as long as I'm in the state legislature. I’m going to do everything known to human ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag.” I Rep. Alvin Holmes. February 2002 in a WSFA TV
interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution
costs) to:
SMB.	hwwrfKiV UmmigammrChmirr
P.O. Bax681343
PratMN.AL 36068	wrn+fmdDt*
Sultonili Wriy W yOitU. 'Uelivt twe \fM CA\ 1*1 AujJU M&tt wkcl to covt\ i»f lt*X
(Seefell—»	______________
The First Freedom
PO Box 385. SOvcrhillAL 36576 Email: horocfree@gulftcl.com Editor: Olaf Childress Correspondents: William J. Atkinson IV, Lloyd Caperton. Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton. Nick Jongcbloed, El win Razyskie, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith. Bob Taylor. Nelson Waller. Ellen Williams TO SUBSCRIBE: Send SI5.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere m U.S. (Bulk rates at bottom of page 6.)
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let yomr ideas be heard? loin the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The Flrit Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer’s meaning No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
What a Shame that our government continues to fund risky overseas bailouts and unconstitutional foreign aid, even as our own nation faces serious financial problems here at home.
Congress has lapsed into uncontrolled deficit spending, and billions more will be spent creating the Department of Homeland Security and funding an unwise war in Iraq.
The private economy sputters along with little or no growth, while the stock market bubble loses more air almost daily.
The pension and retirement plans of millions of Americans have suffered heavy losses, and the very solvency of Social Security is threatened by the coming retirement of the baby boom generation.
Meanwhile, our military families and veterans are allowed to live in poverty. In the midst of all these problems at home, how in the world can we justify another nickel for foreign bailouts?
- U.S. Rep. Ron Paul of Texas

Alabama Moratorium

This state’s renewal of integrity is to immediately follow Tax Freedom Day which will be declared for around the middle of April, 2003 - the date on which our entire labors no longer go to Leviathan. Few will be participating the first time around; it’s easier to talk than act resistance. Those of the vanguard must suffer zero taxes or interest during twenty-four hours of withdrawal from business as usual. On this day we recall our state’s true and unsullied history, at the same time expressing Alabama’s hopes and prayers for the future.
This is to be an orderly withdrawal for one day only. Refusing to withhold or pay taxes during such interim, nor accepting charges and penalties after the fact, we remind our elected officials that they looked the other way when civil disobedience was dictated by the mediacracy, and inform the latter that they’re no longer in charge.
Send your considered input for publication and further discussion. It’s voluntary, no pressure to join; but those who feel they have too much at risk to stand against despotism might at least cheer us on.
- Olaf Childress, editor Alabama Moratorium online: www.gulftel.com/homelrce/4K.hlm j
lor -
Bill of No Rights -
By State Rep. Mitchell Kaye of Georgia
Cobb County
PREAMBLE. We, the working and voting citizens of the United States, in an attempt to help everyone get along, restore some semblance of justice, avoid any more riots, keep our nation safe, promote positive behavior and secure the blessings of debt-free liberty to ourselves and our great-great-great grandchildren, hereby ordain and establish some common sense guidelines for the terminally whiny, guilt-ridden, delusional, liberal, commie pinko bedwetters. We hold these truths to be self-evident, that a whole lot of people were confused by the Bill of Rights, and require this Bill of No Rights.
ARTICLE I. You do not have the right to a new car, big screen TV or any other form of wealth. More power to you if you can legally acquire them, but no one is guaranteeing you anything.
ARTICLE II. You do not have the right to never be offended. This country is based on freedom, and that means freedom for everyone - not just you! You may leave the room, turn the channel, express a different opinion, etc., but the world is full of idiots, and probably always will be.
ARTICLE III. You do not have the right to be free from harm. If You stick a screwdriver in your eye, learn to be more careful, but don't expect the tool manufacturer to make you and all your relatives independently wealthy.
ARTICLE IV. You do not have the right to free food and housing. Americans will gladly help anyone in need, but we are quickly growing weary of subsidizing generation after generation of professional couch potatoes who achieve nothing more than the creation of another generation of professional couch potatoes.
ARTICLE V. You do not have the right to free health care. That would be nice, but from the looks of public housing, we’re not interested in health care.
ARTICLE VI. You do not have the right to physically harm other people. If you kidnap, rape, intentionally maim or kill someone, don't be surprised if the rest of us want to see you fry in the electric chair.
ARTICLE VII. You do not have the right to the possessions of others. If you rob, cheat or coerce away the goods or services of other citizens, don't be surprised if the rest of us get together and lock you away in a place w here you still won’t have the right to a big-screen color TV or a life of leisure.
ARTICLE VUI. You do not have the right to demand that our children risk their lives in foreign wars to soothe your aching conscience. We hate oppressive governments and won’t lift a finger to stop you from going to fight if you'd like. However, we do not enjoy parenting the entire world and do not want to spend a lot of our time battling each and every little tyrant with a military uniform and a funny hat.
ARTICLE IX. You don't have the right to a job. All of us sure want all of you to have one, and will gladly help you along in hard times; but wc expect you to take advantage of the opportunities of education and vocational training laid before you to make yourself useful.
ARTICLE X. You do not have the right to happiness. Being an American means that you have the nght to pursue happiness - which, by the way, is a lot easier if you arc unencumbered by an overabundance of idiotic laws created by those c f you who were confused by the original Bill of Rights!
2 The First Freedom September 2002
— A different slant on the news —
HERE’S WHAT WAS IGNORED OR M1SREPORTED ELSEWHERE
Marauding media continue stirring up hatred against Southern patriots
IN A REPORT titled. Supervisors stand firm, Biloxi-Gulfport’s local newspaper was sad that its having invited and covered a Black invasion from outside had failed to remove the Eight Flags beach display's Battle Flag. “Saying they are following the wishes of a majority of county residents, Harrison County supervisors on Monday [7-29J stood by their decision to fly the Rebel flag at the county's public beach display,” whined the Sun Herald. “William Martin, the only supervisor to vote consistently against flying the Rebel flag, made a motion to take it down, but the measure died after no other supervisor seconded his motion. Martin's motion came after supervisors heard from pro- and anti-Rebel flag camps in the packed-to-capacity boardroom at the Gulfport Courthouse... Members of the NAACP, who spoke against the Rebel flag, vowed after Monday's meeting to keep the issue in the public eye...” O yes, and you'll see to that, mediacrat. Sniff...
DIVIDE AND CONCOCT. Biloxi’s Clarion Ledger finds that “(a] majority of elected officials representing Harrison County won’t take a stand on whether the Confederate battle flag should keep flying at the Eight Flags display. Instead, most defer to the county Board of Supervisors. The display sits on the beach at the border of Biloxi and Gulfport and has been the source of debate for years.” Whose debate? Er, New World orderlies just “facilitate” it Viz: “The Sun Herald newspaper in Biloxi asked county elected and business leaders if they support the flying of the Rebel flag at the Eight Flags display and whether they believe the controversy surrounding it will result in a loss of tourism dollars.” Those pundits refuse to report that tourism actually Increases when the NAACP stays home, as documented elsewhere in this issue. They’re whining because the supervisors listen to those who elected them. This power struggle is between a poorly-informed democracy and an entrenched mediacracy, the latter claiming “elected” officials won’t take a stand. The proper elected officers did take a stand, downs.
SHAKEDOWN. Can't intimidate that Harrison County Board of Supervisors? All right, investigate 'em. “The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People wants to review documents regarding county contracts, employment complaints and policies for hiring of minority contracts,” reported the Biloxi Clarion Ledger on August 15,2002. “As part of its plan to force the removal of the Rebel flag from a public beach display, the NAACP has filed a public records request in Harrison County. The Eight Flags display sits along U.S. 90 at the border of Biloxi and Gulfport. It has been the source of debate for years because the display includes the Confederate battle banner. The county is still working on the request, but supervisors, who have refused the group’s requests to remove the Confederate emblem from the display, say they have nothing to hide.” Biloxi has fine charter boats, but why is this fishing expedition national news?
CAN’T SHAKE ’EM DOWN? Never give up. If you poll the people and get the wrong answer, convene and question a peecee group. Citizens for the American Way? No, that’s been used. Extra, Extra! MThe Gulfport Business Club has adopted a resolution asking Harrison County supervisors to remove the Rebel flag from a public beach display,” reports the Associated Press. “Only a few of the about 100 members present Tuesday voted against the resolution. The club’s vote came one day after the Rev. Nelson B. Rivers III, the chief operating officer of the NAACP, vowed that the national civil rights organization will not back down until the Rebel flag comes down from the Eight Flags Display.” —
COME HOME, AMERICA. Because winning the Cold War proved bad for business, we blasted off on a new mission bombing Iraq and buttressing Plush I’s oil portfolio. Booted from Somalia with bloodied hands. President Clowndon bombed a pharmaceuticals plant killing another slew of innocents. Bub was busy with “pressing matters,” how to know it wasn V a “bio-warfare front”? Business started booming. Not our jobs, silly, the global economy! Bombing Serbia having begotten bombast and blame. Plush II inherited Bomber Clowndon’s joystick (not that one!) and bombed Pop’s old province before even sobering up from the inauguration. Bombing CIA-trained madman bin Laden for possibly being whoever hit us without cause (actually he just bombed at bin, but it bolstered business anyway), he’ll now show Pop how to really bomb Saddman. And Saudi Arabia. And India. And Burma...
BARBARIANS AT THE GATES. And if Anaheim has fallen, some still hope the rule of law will prevail over the insurgent mob. The U.S. District Court for Central California has denied a motion to dismiss, allowing this civil rights suit to proceed. The California Coalition for Immigration Reform and several individuals, during a peaceful rally on the steps of Anaheim City Hall on December 8,2001, were violently attacked by advocates of rejoining the southwestern states to Mexico, pro-Iranian anarchists, communists, and other counter demonstrators, as uniformed and other Anaheim police officers watched, refused to intervene, refused numerous pleas for help, refused to assist in making citizens* arrests, refused to respond to emergency 911 calls, and showed contempt for the rule of law. The suit names as defendants the City of Anaheim, the mayor, city council members, the Anaheim police department, the police chief, the deputy police chief and two high-ranking police officers.
“HOMELAND SECURITY” would dramatically expand federal control over our local police. History shows that police powers in the hands of a cental government serve mainly to protect the interests of the government, as did the Gestapo and the KGB, etc. Presidential administrations come and go. Centralize police powers for a President Hillary to administer later? More bureaucracy can only impede detection and prevention of terror attacks. The federal government should get busy with its constitutional duties such as closing our borders and reconstituting the several congressional intelligence-gathering agencies that have been abolished these past 30 years.
BACK TO THE BULLDOZERS? Not yet. The lawsuit that sought to stop Lee Warner’s Alabama Historic Commission from leveling our capitol grounds down to where Saint MLK addressed his 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery media event has been dismissed, but the project is still on hold until Gov. Don Siegelman says it's a go (not before the election). And, should the Don still be around, there's still another suit by the Alabama Coalition, a citizen group that hounds Warner’s AHC at every turn. Seems they aren’t happy with plans to relocate the statue of CSA President Jefferson Davis from in front of the capitol, nor the undermining of Goat Hill with a parking garage. Get over it, carpetbaggers, this ain’t over yet.
THE TRUTH IS HATE only to those who hate the truth. When the French Jewish supremacist Union of French Jewish Students (UEJF) complained, the French political party MRadical Unity” was banned without a fair trial under France’s so-called “hate crime” laws. But here in Dixie - which is fast becoming truth’s last bastion - the New
Orleans based European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) quickly announced that EURO will host the website at www.dissolution-ur.com where, glory hallelujah! the truth keeps marching on.
REWRITING HISTORY. The Alabama Historical Commission (AHC) convened its Aug. 8,2002 public meet in Tuscaloosa to again hear from those who don't care too much for the taxpayer funded group's leftist agenda. Confederate stalwarts David Allen, Ben Hestley, Jane Doughty, Ellen Williams, Leonard Wilson, and others objected to AHC President Lee Warner's intents to “reinterpret’* the Wheeler Plantation by dismissing its builder, CSA Gen. Fighting Joe Wheeler, accenting instead the peecee views of later occupants. Nor were they happy about the AHC’s idea of converting the Alabama Capitol into a shrine to the media's 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery March Event, nor the way AHC is dealing in properties, its side-by-side corporation, etc. Alabama Commander David Allen of the Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV) presented petitions with over 700 names opposing plans to convert the Wheeler home into a 1930s and 1940s depression era historic site. Ben Hestley, Chief of Heritage Defense, Alabama Division SCV, nailed Warner for refusing to reveal the by-laws of his secret corporation. After Van Gunter, Lt. Commander of CSA Camp 308, called for Warner's resignation the forum turned into a shouting match and AHC Chairman Allen Cronenberg closed the meeting. It was later rumored that four of the 20 AHC commissioners may resign due to their “integrity being questioned.”
POOR CATHY. She has to answer the phones for the stupid policies of her SCAN A Corporation. They're ringing off the hooks. Those peecee twerps at SCANA having ordered employees not to wear Confederate symbols at work, nor display them on their vehicles, nor park any company vehicle at Maurice Bessinger’s restaurant which flies that flagt CEO Bill Timmerman now says as long as it’s meant as heritage it would be okay for an employee to display a Confederate emblem while at work. He also says employees can eat at Maurice Bessinger restaurants — just not in a company vehicle. We’re awarding him our Scalawag of the Month title anyway. Egad, Johnny Reb, how’s your selection gonna compete with Maurice’s hot sauce after all that free publicity?
CAPITALIZING ON SEDITION? Are bank directors who accept ID cards issued by the Mexican Government somehow above the law? Several of them knowingly open accounts for illegal aliens transferring cash from the U.S. into Mexico. But a new watchdog group, Friends of Immigration Law Enforcement, is out to reverse that policy, saying it's unfair that some banks accept the ID in order to profit from illegal immigration while those playing by the rules requiring official U.S. identification when opening an account are thus at a competitive disadvantage. A spokesperson for one bank taking the Mexican ID, the First National Bank of Omaha, has said it will continue to accept the card because “we are serving a segment of the market that is under served.” Illegal aliens are “under served” because they are residing in the United States illegally. Call the First National Bank of Omaha, (402) 341 -0500 x 3905, and let them know what you think about putting profit above the general good when encouraging illegal immigration.
- www.projectusa.org
HAS REAL PROBLEM NOW. Until arrested, Jonesboro, Arkansas resident Jai Matthew Ellerson, 20, didn't know it’s not open season on uthat symbol” the media had taught him to hate. Charged
with first-degree criminal mischief for allegedly damaging a pickup truck with a Confederate Flag. Ellerson, a black, ii said to have told police that he “had a problem with guys that drove trucks with rebel flags on them.” The $1,417.72 estimated damage included key marks on the hood and side. After Judge Pam Honeycutt found probable cause and set bond at $20,000, Ellerson remained In police custody at the Craighead County Detention Center. Ellerson didn’t know the pickup truck driver. “That flag” was his only reason for damaging the vehicle. At least now he knows that those media licenses to vandalize aren’t valid.
YOU CANNOT OWN A GUN legally in America today if you were convicted of simply shoving your wife in, say, 1963. And, in some states, even “verbal abuse" is now domestic violence, e.g. Texas. Of course Senator Howard Metzenbaum and Congressman Charles Schumer, the key people who sponsored the Brady Bill which mandates that anyone convicted of a certain misdemeanor crime shall lose his constitutional right to own a gun for the rest of his life, were not the only Jews to lead this gun-banning crusade; other Jews behind the anti-gun movement in Congress being Dianne Feinstein, Barbara Boxer and Frank Lautenberg. One race - Jews -has led the assault on your gentile-created rights. In other words, non-Jews gave you certain rights, Jews took away those rights.
“KING ROY” and his gang of thieves have now been flagged every week for 77 weeks. Wherever he shows in public, Georgia's Governor Roy Barnes faces a contingent of patriots bearing the real Georgia flag, which he had thought to have replaced with a peecee rag. While here may be the biggest story of citizen action in American history, still it’s censored from the news except for a few short reports of flags at the local level; otherwise, no network or national coverage on the scope of this movement. The media always show up for “civil rights” demonstrations. Not so with the flags. From south Georgia to north, the people’s flag of Georgia waves in the faces of those scoundrels. As one of their ladies moaned: “It’s that flag again!”
CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE, 2002. Funny things are happening on their way to the New World Order as the Trilateralists and Bilderbergers rethink what was to have been a done deal by now. Tokyo protesters are tearing up ID numbers assigned them by Japan's so-called Public Management Ministry. The scheme would have created a master list assigning each of Japan's 126 million citizens an 11-digit ID number available to one and all, thus making it easy for officials all over the country to track every citizen's personal profile. In the U.S., many lawsuits which go unnoticed by the treacherous media are stopping our samurai from illegally demanding social security numbers for identification.
NOT ALL BLACKS fall for the media event called reparations. Some of them believe NAACP stands for “National All African Communist Party.” Appearing Aug. 23 on CourtTV’s Crier Live, Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson, a Black spokesman opposing the movement, says if Black people want reparations for slavery, they ought to “go back to Africa” and get it there. This campaign he finds will “divide America,” as Blacks have been given “everything” already: welfare, civil rights above others, jobs, first place in line, and a host of items he named where his people have received special attention above other Americans. Rev. Peterson, obviously not in the majority with the NAACP, was outspoken, and said that no one owed the Black person anything - especially white America.
Directors of flag ban now in retreat
SCAN A, the Columbia, SC based
KMwAG
September 2002 The First Freedom 3
or me mOiviu
telecommunications, electricity and natural gas company, cannot communicate with its employees.
Sons of Confederate Veterans Department of Heritage OfTense Position Statement re: SC AN A Confederate Symbols Ban
The following statement reflects the official position ofthe Sons of Confederate Veterans in the above captioned matter.
— Reprinted by permission —
Last week, through a company spokesperson, SCANA Corporation announced that it had enacted a corporate regulation banning the display of Confederate
uInvesting in our future" is what sucking taxpayers9 blood is called. Those who know a good investment when they see one wouldn V risk a dime on such government projects.
us poor dummies aboard for a ride.
By Nick Jongebloed When I read recently in the local newspaper that the Alabama State Docks and the City of Mobile plan to spend $300 million dollars of mostly Alabama gas and oil royalties on a major | shipping container facility, I said to myself: did they not learn anything from the Tenn-Tom Waterways Project? This new container project is so reminiscent of that failed boondoggle, completed in 1984 after a cost of $2 billion plus, linking the Tennessee River with the Tombigbee and thus permitting barge traffic movement to the Port of Mobile.
Propaganda for that project included the Mure growth of barges into the Mobile port \oaded with grain, coal and \umbcr for transfer onto oceangoing ships. Alabama poured in over $200 million to modernize the port facilities in anticipation of this increase in waterway traffic, especially coal. Millions of dollars were spent on special equipment: stacker/reclaimers for coal at McDuffie Coal Terminal, making it one of the nation's largest.
What happened to all that projected Tenn-Tom traffic? It never happened. The first-year predictions fell far short, with actually tonnage less than 10% of forecast, and making the cost/benefit ratios included in the justification for this project a cruel hoax. When it was completed in 1985,300 million cubic yards of earth had been removed, nearly 100 million more than was moved for the Panama canal. Its main cost/benefit justification was that the first year cargo volume would be 28 million tons, including 18 million tons of coal.
The actual tonnage the first year was | approximately 1.5 million tons. The port of Mobile, to show support for the Corps projections, had spent about $250 million dollars of borrowed money to handle the projected 28 million tons. They are still paying for this boondoggle today, with FY 2002 losses of about $5 million. Mobile’s Mayor in 1985, Lambert C. Mims, is quoted in a national publication that “...the Tenn-Tom will change the lives of millions of people, put bread on their table and give them an opportunity in life.”
Now we have the current Docks director, James Lyons, with the same optimistic forecast for the $300 million container project. Like many other opportunities in its history. Mobile's leaders missed this one in marine shipping years ago. The intermodal container revolution is generally traced back to experiments by Malcolm McLean (then of the McLean trucking company and later SeaLand) in 1956 right here in Mobile, Alabama. The first experiments involved loading some 35 foot highway trailers onto a vessel (the* “Ideal X”) rather than unloading the con-
symbols by its employees anywhere on SCANA property. The Sons of Confederate Veterans considers the SCANA policy to be inflammatory, arbitrary and without cause or foundation. The enactment of this policy shows a reckless and arrogant disregard for both the rights of SCANA's employees and for the sensibilities of its stockholders, both of which groups contain numerous descendants of Confederate servicemen.
As has been the case in other American workplaces in recent years, SCANA’s new rule appears to have originated as a means of appeasing members of certain special interest groups, with no concern for the constitutional rights of those adversely affected. In fact, the rule’s most bizarre
tents of the trailer and loading these on the vessel by traditional cargo sling methods.
McLean's experiment quickly showed that there was no need to take the wheels along and that more efficient stowage and, handling methods were available if only
and chassis units - and to the standards for container size and handling hardware that are still in use today.
Back in the early 1970s, I commanded the Army Ocean Terminal in Baltimore at
information about race and such matters as the Establishment media have sought to suppress.
By John “Birdman” Bryant
If you are like a lot of people, you believe that racism is wrong. So let me tell you a couple of things I believe wifi surprise you. First, the ‘‘racists" are right.
And second, 1 can prove it in just one sentence.
My proof stems from the fact that racial matters are never genuinely debated today, because the only thing you ever see in the major media is the politically-correct “anti-racist** viewpoint The “other side** is never allowed to make its case, i.e., the "racist" side is suppressed. And you sure as hell can't have a debate about race if one of the sides is never allowed to speak. So here is the one-sentence proof that the “racists” are right:
There is no reason to suppress a viewpoint unless it is true, because a false viewpoint can easily be combated with facts and logic, while truth cannot be combated except by lies which are vulnerable to refutation.
Or, to put it another way, the “racist” view has to be suppressed because, if it weren’t, most people would become “racists *7
So what is the “racist” view? Very simply, it is one that takes the following facts - and a lot of others - into account.
■	FACT: Blacks make up 12% of the population, yet are 50% of the prison population.
■	FACT: This means that blacks commit nine times the crimes of whites. (That's not 9% - it”s 900%!) It means that if there were equal numbers of blacks and whites in our population, nine of every ten criminals would be black.
■	FACT: If present demographic trends continue, whites will be a minority in America in only 50 years. Whites are already less than 50% of the population in California. Between blacks and Hispanics, whose crime rate is about 4 times that of whites, we can expect to see huge escalations in crime against whites as they become fewer in number and thus more vulnerable both physically and politically.
■	FACT 90% of all interracial crime is black-on-white (i.e., committed by blacks against whites).
■	FACT: There are 20,000 black-on-white
element is a clause forbidding SCANA employees to take company vehicles onto the property of certain local restaurants because SCANA disagrees with the political stance of the restaurant's owner. Injury is thus extended to a bystander third party.
The Sons of Confederate Veterans has since 1896 been charged with defending the good name of the Confederate soldier and the perpetuation of those principles for which be gave or risked his life. Those principles include resistance to the very sort of petty tyranny represented by SCANA’s new regulations. Accordingly, the SCV calls upon SCANA to do the right
Sunday afternoon
Dundalk. It was the old Baltimore International Airport I wrote Arthur Outlaw and provided him with pictures and layouts of | the container operations and suggested that Mobile could do the same with Brookley Field. Nothing happened. Today they are talking about spending several hundred million on new facilities in Mobile. They are 30 years too late. Like many other projects in this city, only government money can be attracted to such endeavors (court house, FBI building, city/countyl complex, convention center, RSA office)
rapes every year in the U.S., but fewer than 100 white-on-black rapes.
■	FACT: The majority of hate crimes arc committed by blacks, in spite of the fact that blacks make up only 12% of the population, and in spite of the great reluctance of authorities to report hate crimes when they are committed by blacks. (That means that blacks commit vastly more hate crimes In proportion to their numbers than whites"
■	FACT: The average white IQ is 100; the average American black IQ is 85; the average African black IQ is 70 (borderline retarded). There has never been a civilization worthy of the name founded by blacks, and blacks have not even been able to retain the civilizations which have been created for them by whites (“white colonialism”). Note: Contrary to black propaganda, the ancient Egyptians were not black.
■	FACT: The Jews have been expelled from almost every Western country at one time or another, including Britain, Spain, France, Portugal and Germany. There are several possible explanations for this, including religious differences, the clannishness of Jews which tends to make them loyal to their own “nation” rather than to their host country, and envy of Jewish wealth and success (the average Jewish IQ is 115, as far above white as white is above black).
■	FACT: Virtually all the major media outlets, including TV networks, newspapers, movie studios and book publishers, are owned or controlled by Jews.
■	FACT: The major media incessantly harp on any white-on-black crime (such as the Jasper, Texas dragging), yet ignore the much greater number of black-on-white crimes which are equally horrific yet happen far more frequently.
■	FACT: Communism was a largely Jewish phenomenon. Almost all the top communists of the Russian Revolution were Jews, as well as almost all the atomic spies, and the revolution was financed in large measure by Wall Street Jews.
■	FACT: In the late 1920s the Communist Party USA decided on a policy of destroying American society by pushing “racial equality.”
■	FACT: One of the most distinguished black scholars in America, syndicated columnist Dr. Thomas Sowell, has studied multiracial societies around the world and has observed that - with the single exception of societies where one race is completely dominant over all others -
thing and rescind this oppressive policy voluntarily, but stands ready to commit the full resources of this organization to compelling SCANA to abandon its oppressive course if necessary. The South Carolina Division and the Wade Hampton Camp, Columbia, of the SCV have the close and wholehearted support of our national organization as they pursue this matter.
For additional information, please contact: Allen Sullivant, Chief of Heritage OfTense - Sons of Confederate Veterans (615)373-0058.
Roger W. McCredie (828) 254-6991 Heritage Offense Committee
tower, etc.). When the Alabama State Docks attempted to get some private investments, these for-profit companies declined. They know that the routes and facilities for large container movements are in place.
Houston moves over I million containers a year. Other ports in the Southeast move as many: Charleston: 1.3 million, Miami I million. Savannah, 500,000, San Antonio 415,000. Mobile in its best year to date moves approximately 14,000.
(See “Siegelman’s statement,” page 10)
such societies simply do not work.
■	FACT: The NAACP was founded principally by Jews, and Jews remained in charge of the organization till 1970.
■	FACT: The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. took his instructions from a Jewish communist, plagiarized his doctoral dissertation, and was an adulterous womanizer who spent the evening prior to his assassination “m led with IWwme women. Yet King is the only single American to be honored with a national holiday.
■	FACT: The 1954 Supreme Court decision which brought about school integration was based on deliberate misrepresentation of a supposedly scientific study.
■	FACT: Liberals and blacks claim the reason for black failure is “discrimination”; yet many other racial and ethnic groups have been discriminated against - the Chinese, Irish and Jews, for example -and yet all except blacks have become successful within a generation or so.
■	FACT: Most of the “Orthodox Jewish version” of the Holocaust is false, (and in fact is significantly based on “confessions” of Germans at the Nuremberg Military Tribunal obtained under torture), and numerous Jewish scholars have actually acknowledged this. (The stories acknowledged by Jewish scholars to be false include the existence of homicidal gas chambers, the use of Jewish skin for lampshade coverings and Jewish body fat for soap, and the assertion that there were “six million” Jews killed by the nazis.) But questioning these widely-believed though false stories is illegal in most countries of the Western world, and 8,000 people are in jail in Germany alone for questioning these and similar dogmas. Can you figure out what powerful international ethnic group was responsible for causing these laws to be passed?
■	FACT: Sympathy and guilt for the (largely false) story of the Holocaust has resulted in the payment of close to a hundred billion dollars to Israel by the German government Furthermore, Jews
(See “Western civilization,” page 11)
Ja L,f%y	lift idMCt lilutlo*
11 Ri hot, S hotter'n f hottest j
jflSk One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce KWLjS9.00 + $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965*6397 RmQ	PO Box 817
Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
Cruising down the Tenn-Tom on a
But slick politicos bring the rest of H* box pvt of the trailer was hauled aboard
ship. This led to the separate container
Some vital - and very ugly - facts you ought to know
Let us break that embargo on
4 The First Freedom September 2002	— Setting the record Straight	—
Holocaust forever	Get	over	it
I must say that 1 enjoy your paper, not the least of which because you've published some of my writings, but mainly because it is a breath of fresh air in an otherwise fetid smog of leftism. But I do find two articles a little over the top.
The article by this Leuchter fellow [Introduction to the Leuchter Report, July 2002J denying that the Nazis gassed Jews at Auschwitz is absolute nonsense! You can dislike Jews. You can believe in a vast Jewish conspirancy and even make a very compelling case for it That is certainly your right as a free man and a free journalist, but it discredits your paper to print this off the wall garbage. It’s as bad as these coloreds getting space in leftist fishwrappers comparing the Confederate Battle Flag to the swastika. It is a lie because Southern slavery was for economic and social gain — not extermination. Millions of Jews and others were eliminated, the Holocaust was real.
Unlike the British in the Boer War or the u.S. internment camps in the 40s, the death camps in the Third Reich were nightmares of genocide. The reason this kind of falsehood has no business being reprinted is that it discredits your otherwise fine work. Our opponents can point to it and dismiss everything in a sound bite — and then we lose in (he court of public opinion.
Remember, there are thousands of American Veterans who liberated camps in Europe in 1945; they saw the remains with their own eyes. There is also documentary
and photographic evidence which is overwhelming. Leuchter is a goof.
The other article was about the 1848 German “communist" Revolution [The Lincoln putsch: Americas Bolshevik Revolution. July 2002]. The uprisings all across Europe in the mid-19th century were far more middle class, nationalist and democratic in nature than anything else. This was the Age of Romanticism, the Age of Nationalism; the Communist Manifesto was not even written until that year. In France the Bourbons were sent packing preparing the way for Louis Napoleon to be elected the following year, Kossuth rose in Hungary and was crushed by combined Tsarist Russian and Hapsburg forces, and in Germany the revolutionaries offered the German Throne to Wilhelm of Prussia (he rejected the democrats at Frankfurt and waited till 1871 to be acclaimed by the Princes after conquering France) and this is hardly what a “communist” would do!
To broadly smear all Germans who came to the New World after the failed risings in 1848 is another disservice you do your readers — including yours truly whose great-great-grandfather came to Maryland in the 1850s, his young son crossing the Potomac to be a drummer boy in Lee’s Army of Northern Virginia. This is hardly the work of a “communist”! Besides, to believe the Soviet Russian history is hardly a mark of critical thinking. Sincerely,
Stephen Woodfin Bauer Occupied Alabama, CSA
Let them eat cake
By Edgar J. Steele
Marie Antoinette, much-reviled “last queen of France,” wasn’t really as bad as so many said at the time of the French Revolution in the mid-1700’s. She never | said, “Let them eat cake,” in response to| complaints that the people had no bread. in fact, it was her maid who remarked that Parisians had so little food that the scrapings from the bottom of a bread pan would be a feast That became twisted into the classic phrase of perfidious indifference so well known today.
Yes, she was a wastrel and an adulteress, but her husband, to whom she was married at age 15 by her Austrian Empress mother to cement relations between Austria and France, was Capo Town both impotent and fat. Somewhat telling of her character, when she followed her husband to the guillotine during the French Revolution, her last words were an apology to her executioner when she accidentally stepped on his foot
I bring this up merely to employ that infamous phrase with regard to the starving people of Africa, particularly South Africa. Not because 1 am insensitive, but because 1 wish to highlight the folly of the welfare mentality.
Brian Williams, the MSNBC anchor slated to replace Tom Brokaw as NBC’s network news anchor, has penned an article entitled, “The struggle to survive in Malawi,” a small country near the southern tip of the African continent. He attributes the rampant starvation there today to “years of bad harvest, erratic weather and the devastation of AIDS.” He notes that these conditions are becoming typical throughout Africa.
But, as is so typical of the controlled media today, Mr. Williams neglected to note that this famine has been self-inflicted. He didn't say a word about how the vast farms of South Africa in particular which fed Africans until now have been lain fallow. Because it is the black Africans doing it, you see;
White South African farmers, so pro-
SWAZILAND
Durban
Port Elizabeth
ductive that they had been supporting far more than the population of their own country, have been removed from their farms, if not killed outright, due to the racist policies of the black South African government.
“Kill the Boer, kill the farmer,” a phrase first uttered by ANC member of Parliament Peter Mokaba, is the mantra now shouted aloft by crowds of blacks at all manner of public meetings and demonstrations. The
South African Human Rights Commission notes that this slogan is not hate speech, but ■merely a _lm a n i-festation of “the constitutional rights to free | speech.”
More than 1,300 South African farmers and farm workers and their families now have been murdered by roving bands of young African blacks, while authorities have stood by and literally watched, in what is nothing more than “ethnic cleansing,” a euphemism for genocide.
The remaining white South Afrikaners are unable to leave their country because other countries, notably the USA, erect impassable immigration barriers to whites while allowing a flood of nonwhites across their borders.
You don’t hear about the carnage in South Africa because it is politically incorrect to note the murder of whites by blacks anywhere in the world today. South African President Thabo Mbeki calls the execution of white farm owners and workers, “the final stage of the revolution.” Final because, presumably, they are now running out of white people to slaughter.
In the article referenced above, Brian Williams states that “donations keep these people alive. The U.S. is the single largest donor, but there is only enough food to feed 500,000 people, just one sixth of what they need.” Touching, indeed, but not nearly the whole story, as we see by bringing in the South African connection.
And, of course, those TV commercials depicting the fly-ridden, emaciated black children of Africa fail to note that these kids would be well fed if the white South
If you’ve got documentary evidence of information exchanged within a plot to gas Jews at Auschwitz, please send it to me. 6,000,000 humans can't methodically be murdered without logistics. I, too, have had eyewitness reports of emaciated labor camp inmates marched to relocations near the war’s end. But plenty of proof exists that they were earlier let out of Germany, the Nazis negotiating even to resettle the remainder on Madagascar where they would presumably have ruled a huge island off Africa’s east coast much as they do America today. Meanwhile they were kept in labor camps, under Holocaust theory an unexplainable number of them alive after five years of war. The Zionists wanted none of that proposed exodus - cashing in the less resourceful of their own for later awards bigger than any African chief ever dreamed of asking for his slave roundups.
Because the Jewish media demanded it, we isolated, embargoed, shunned and cut off Germany, one and all of its inhabitants — including inmates — for five long years.
I know David Irving is accused of being an accomplice, and that the Irving-Leuchter trial in London may have been a setup to make “Holocaust deniers” look like fools. I appreciate your concerns, but we must not let the enemy shoot us with guilt bullets of our own manufacture.
When England and France declared war on Germany, America unwisely jumping into Europe’s battles between nationalism and Lenin’s international conspiracy for
African farmers had been left alone.
Let them eat cake.
I know, those kids didn’t kill the farmers and slaughter the livestock and cut up the farms to squat on and eat the seed com in the sheds and so on, but there is a limit to those for whom I will feel responsible. Just now, we have malnourished children in America, for example.
African blacks, both those in government and those in the death squads, are responsible. They have killed their golden-egg-laying goose and have nobody to blame but themselves for today’s lack of food.
Let them eat cake.
Of course, we in America who were so instrumental in driving whites out of political power in South Africa must shoulder some responsibility, too. However, all the American liberals formerly so adamant about boycotting companies doing business with South Africa have morphed into neoconservatives and now care only about
One Nation Under Israel
By Andrew Hurley $17.50, www.whn.org/bookstor.htm
Nation,
tunder
Israel
“One Nation Under Israel” may be the first historically documented expose of
the hijacking of the American Congress. It is a popular lament that, “Congress is out of control,” but nothing could be further from the truth. For as Author Andrew Hurley clearly explains. Congress is not under the control of its constituents but of a foreign power.
Former United States Senator J. William Fulbright, Chairman of the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee, stated repeatedly in 1973, “Israel controls the (U.S.) Senate.” Fulbright soon became a “former Senator.”
President George Prescott Bush admitted in a media interview in 1991 that he had been virtually blackmailed to grant a $10 billion dollar loan guaranty to the State of Israel, compliments of the American taxpayers. He described his contact as an agent of “AIPAC... a very strong Jewish lobby.” Mr. Bush later approved the loan without objection from Congress.
the second time and on the Zionist-promoted side of communism. FDR's Brainless Trust had committed the West to suicide. The Pax Judea- Wilsonia having failed to remove Germany forever from the London bankers' hegemony of the seas as intended. Hitler still allowed all those doughboys to be evacuated from Dunkirk: a gesture bidding Churchill to stay out of his impending showdown with Stalin.
Much has been made of Hitler's air war against British industries, but no regrets for that island’s retaliation on German civilian population centers: savage, indiscriminate firebombing for four years, and the total destruction of that great cultural center of Dresden in February, 1945. When the Gls marched in three months later, Germany was devastated; all rail lines cut, few raw materials and little food moving anywhere; no medicines, nothing. But, in those camps you mention, the useless prisoners were, fleas and all - for the “poison gas" had long run out - in 1945 still alive.
I don’t condemn the Gls who handed such living skeletons weapons and stood aside as they murdered their guards; ours had been so thoroughly indoctrinated at the time that “the Hun” wasn't even considered human. But what of Eisenhower's starving Reichswehr prisoners? These, incarcerated in open fields throughout that winter, died needlessly by thousands, as the media kept silence on our German gulags.
Bauer, lafi die Wahrheit deine Emte sein.
Olaf Childress, Editor
killing the enemies of Israel (including hundreds of thousands of Arabic children). They certainly show no concern about the murder of white children in South Africa.
Now we are expected to feed Africa, though that continent possesses the most verdant soil in the world which, if cultivated properly, could serve as breadba»*c\ \© v«-» rest of the human race.
Just as we have created a welfare class in America which will persist so long as we continue the handouts, and which is an undeniable magnet to hordes of illegal immigrants, now we are expected to extend that mentality to other countries as well. It isn’t working here. It won’t work there.
They wanted total self-determination. Now they want all whites killed or driven from their countries while we open our borders to them.
Let them eat cake.____________
Copyright C Edgar J. Steele. Permission is granted to circulate among private individuals and groups, post on all internet sites and publish in full m all not-for-profit publications. Contact author for all other rights, which arc reserved. Write to author at Stcclc@ConspiracyPenPal.com
Author Andrew Hurley clearly explains how our Congress is in fact under not its constituents but a foreign power that directs and influences the acts of a cadre of American Israeli patriots. Originally blacklisted, few had a chance to read it Author Hurley holds academic degrees in both political science and law. He has been an attorney for more that 40 years, during which time he served as an executive or on the boards of directors of Northern Pacific Railroad, Hunt Foods and Industries, the McCall Corporation, and the Norton Simon Foundation. Former Under Secretary of State and Ambassador to the United Nations George Ball stated. “Practically every congressman and senator says his prayers to the AIPAC lobby... They have done an enormous job of corrupting the American democratic process.”
But what can / do?
Most stories in The First Freedom are right on target, but what can / do? The decision is step one. Help this paper any way you can. To grow, to reach others. Make noises, write letters, promote Tax Moratorium Day, get behind candidates and oust those thirteen listed on page 1
September 2002 The First Freedom 5
M.L.K. Boulevard —
My action is more affirmative than your action
One of these stories came out as a hoax and the other is news. You can win a government scholarship (with guaranteed doctorate) by guessing at which college to apply, and knowing boththe spelling and meaning of “is."
The rising of the free loaf
By Olaf Childress The remarkable ascension of Rosa Parks to an icon of worship was accelerated by Alabama State University in Montgomery recently when several students landed parts in a movie about her bus ride to fame.
Not wanting to be outdone by upstart students less adept at “interpreting** facts to fit a desired story line, Alabama Historical Commissioner Lee Warner - busy with his own plans to level the capitol grounds down to the spot where MLK addressed a media-assembled crowd of protesters -was unable, however, to earn himself an “equal” role in that cast of characters, though everybody agreed he is one.
His scheme to convert the Cradle of the Confederacy into a civil rights shrine has earned no Oscars.
A Canadian film company had wanted to snatch the honors away from Alabama, but was quickly thwarted by Governor Don Siegelman along with ASU’s theater director Dr. Tommie Stewart, who had been invited to play veteran civil rights activist Johnnie R. Carr in this latest takeoff on the Rosa Parks saga.
Desperate to see their steadily-flattening pancake of progressivism rise once more were also three Black Montgomery state Representatives who unanimously joined fellow Democrat Siegelman; all of which goes to prove that a great university can stir up just about anything, given sufficient dough and media leavening.
“Rise, O sesame loaf! Feel good about your qualities, I declare you the equal of anything those European chefs ever came up with,” chanted Gov. Siegelman at the convocation; and, sure enough, it came to pass. The only thing missing all along, it seems, was a certificate.
And so Montgomery’s ASU students graduating between now and May 2003 don’t have to pass exit exams to receive degrees. An aroma fills the kitchen: Why didn’t somebody think of this before?
The Montgomery Advertiser reports sophomore Tomille McGregory lamenting that too much emphasis had been placed on the exam scores, and “people couldn’t get out of school because of the tests.” Alfred Smith, acting vice president for academic affairs, regretted having to drop the tests. “We instituted the Nelson-Denny because any graduate of the university should be able to read on the 13th-grade level.”
The ascension of Wunxputl
By Fred Reed
The remarkable rise of the Tloxiproctyl to academic prominence began at UC Berkeley, where the creeping fascism of George Bush gnawed at the professoriate. Worse, no one was paying attention to them, always distressing to the narcissistically irrelevant.
They desperately wanted to jumpstart the faltering engines of progressivism. (The metaphor doesn’t quite make sense. Of course, neither did the progressivism.) To do this, they needed an irritating Cause.
This proved to be a problem. Every imaginable loony idea seemed to have been worked to exhaustion: buggery of Boy Scouts by homosexuals, outlawing English, compulsory issuance of condoms to the unborn. Anxiety followed. In rooms filled with pot smoke and defective grammar, they pondered mightily.
Then, not foreseeing the consequences, they chose to revitalize affirmative action, which is the proposition that jobs should be given to people who can’t do them.
It was an odd choice. Affirmative action was a hallowed principle of progressivism, but only one of several, and anyway it had been done.
There was also welfare, which held that money should be given those who haven't earned it Others were multiculturalism, which is the view that societal comity is best achieved by dividing the country into groups that hate each other, and bilingualism, the belief that countries work best when people can't talk to each other.
But the professors added a zinger: Incompetence was good; no one debated this. But - did it not then follow that greater incompetence was better? Brilliant!
accurate.
Under pressure from the faculty, Berkeley lowered its affirmative-action standards. Theretofore, the school had accepted blacks, and others regarded by universities as inferior, with SATs 200 points below the white average. It was an easy policy, because it was all they could find.
Now, so as to promote social justice, they were going to reject blacks with a 200 point deficit as being excessively qualified, and therefore inauthentic. Henceforth, only applicants with a 300-point deficit would be accepted.
The benefits for social justice were obvious. Minorities who had no business
at Berkeley by 200 points, and therefore almost always flunked out, were replaced by those with a disqualification of 300 points, who failed without exception.
The ACLU was baffled. Its members knew they were against white Christian civilization. This, however, was a dispute between minorities. Whom to support? After much soul-searching, they went with the principle that worse is better. But it was a close thing.
The more astonishing effect occurred back east when Cornell, striving for progressive leadership, began recruiting students 400 points below par.
Competitive incapacity had arrived. Soon schools were fighting each other to recruit the cerebrally understated.
A problem arose. The SATs did not go below 400, an arrangement intended to protect the self-esteem of furniture, cocker spaniels, and education majors. But now the universities needed ever lower levels of intelligence. The scale was dropped to allow lower scores and therefore greater ethnic authenticity.
It worked, at first anyway. Cornell reigned briefly as the Killer Kowalski of affirmative action. Its students displayed record levels of inability. The advance was not without problems. Many of the new students had trouble remembering where they lived. There was talk of equipping them with electronic homing devices.
Various luminosities of progressivism weighed in on the side of the new policy. Ted Kennedy, his voice trembling with emotion or, as some suggested, delirium tremens, introduced a bill requiring the federal government to give preference in hiring to the intellectually minimal. Republicans said he was cynically taking credit for a policy of long standing.
rock to keep her body temperature up.
“Cookies,” she said, eyeing the cameras. “Children.”
Pressed to elaborate, she said, “The hopelessly unintelligent are just as smart as the rest of us and just as valuable in the eyes of God, if there were one. Though of course there may be. We must work together to develop the wonderful abilities these people don’t have. Cookies. Vast right-wing....”
One of the cameramen, an unreconstructed Southerner, muttered something about “crocodilian Betty Crockers,” and vowed to write a book called “It Takes A Village To Raise An Idiot.”
The race for academic nullity continued
apace. Stanford ransacked the coma wards in the Bay Area, harvesting a rich crop for social justice. In Chicago it was rumored that the dead were applying.
Unfortunately there seemed to be a limit to witlessness. Soon the better schools had exhausted the neural tundra. The bus stations and prisons were picked clean. Desperation set in. Yale was caught registering a caribou, but said it was an honest mistake.
Things were getting a bit flaky, as even progressives privately admitted. At Harvard, Dr. Chuleta Marimacha-Mapache, who taught Central American Lesbianism, wrote a book called. Patriarchy and the Oppression of Inanimate Objects. She argued compellingly that things had the same right to education people had. Some of the affirmative-action students seemed to be evidence of this. Bumper stickers appeared proclaiming, “Desks Are Students Too.”
The culmination of the new progressive movement came, unexpectedly, from Wellesley. The anthropology department remembered an obscure tribe of naked savages, the Tloxiproctyl, who lived in the Amazon rain forest. Of uncertain genetic provenance, they drank rainwater, ate squalid grubs they found in rotting logs, and hadn’t invented shoes. They spoke a language consisting of three words, none of which meant anything.
The Tloxyproctyl, Wellesley realized, were perfect for affirmative action. Mentally speaking, they barely existed. Because of inbreeding, they were actually evolving backward, and lived in danger of extinction because the grubs were too complicated for them.
Wunxputl, a thirty-seven year old Tloxiproctyl, was regarded as retarded (or.
wherever he was put, said, “Ooogh,” and slowly lost weight
Wellesley later refused official comment on just how the Tloxiproctyl got to the campus. Rumor had it that the tribesmen, seeing an air mattress, decided that it was the Mother of All Grubs, and thereafter worshiped the anthropology department At any rate, they were soon enrolled in the School of Heartwarming Non-Western Cultures, each with an air mattress. The anthropologists, smug at having trumped Cornell, began grooming Wunxputl as department head. They figured he would get tenure in five years and last a long time, if fed intravenously.
© Fred Reed 2002
Conservatives, ever churlish, said progressives really just wanted to annoy society, which they had confused for their parents. This was grossly unfair, though
Everywhere advanced thinkers joined the vanguard. An ABC camera crew interviewed Hillary Clinton in the Bahamas, where she was sunning herself on a flat
as Wellesley put it, differently brained) even by his fellow primitives. It wsm*t just that the grubs outsmarted him. He couldn’t remember how to eat them. He sat
It’s about time the media and their beach squatter listened to the people
By Linda Sewell
This letter was faxed to the Biloxi Sun Herald, since their website limits a response to 300 words and contains no email address.
The site link for the letter I referenced is “Opinion: At some point, supervisors must listen to reason.” (www.sunherald.com/mld/thesunherald/ news/editorial/3768109.htm Aug. 1, 2002 Letters to the Editor Biloxi Sun Herald Biloxi, Ms. 228-896-2104).
This letter is in rebuttal to the referenced
message, which is currently appearing on your website.
For whatever reason, the writer does not believe the premise on which this country was founded: a democratic form of government, whereby the majority rules. The Board of Supervisors voted four to one to allow the Confederate Battle flag to remain at the beach display. Unless I am extremely mistaken, a 4 -1 vote certainly constitutes a majority vote.
I understand that, for some folks, it is hard for them to understand that when an official is elected to office it is expected of him to vote on matters as per the wishes of his constituents, whom he was elected to represent and to serve. How does he know their wishes? I would imagine that many of his constituents have been in contact with him regarding this matter. I understand many people have called to express their opinions on this issue, both pro and con, so obtaining the wishes of constituents should be an easy task. I do not feel there is a need to survey each and every voter in order to come to a conclusion.
I believe that if the Board of Supervisors were to compromise with the NAACP or any other bigoted organization, this would ultimately lead to more problems. NAACP and such groups are never satisfied with compromises and constantly desire still further concessions. Look at South Carolina, a prime example of compromise gone awry. In that bargain, the legislators removed the Confederate Battle Flag from the dome of the capitol building and placed it at a Confederate memorial, a fitting and proper location. However, after yielding, this concession - this site, too - became
unacceptable to NAACP. When officials refused further compromise, that provoked a NAACP “boycott,” with roadblocks and threats of intimidation. We have seen this over and over throughout the South. Compromise, concede, compromise, concede - and the NAACP still wants more.
As for your feared loss of revenue from the Confederate Flag being flown, I contend the tourist revenues will actually go up. Southerners passing through south Mississippi will intentionally detour off 1-10 onto Highway 90 for the sole purpose of viewing those beautifully flying flags; will stop at various locations such as restaurants, Beauvoir, casinos, gift shops, etc., and spend their money. Anti-flaggers always inteiject “lost revenue” whether by boycott or other forms of intimidation which never pan out. Check out the tourist revenue from South Carolina last year, despite the “boycott” by the NAACP. It was up ll%! NAACP only fools itself if honestly believing that folks take its organization seriously any longer. The truth is, the only companies hurt by their “boycotts” are black-owned businesses, the forced loss of black tourists by the
NAACP.
I also submit that this “distraction to the police departments” is caused not by the display of that Confederate Battle Flag flying harmlessly in the air above the beach, but by these NAACP protests. Yet the writer is correct in that the taxpayers have no choice but to foot the bill for the bullheadedness of whoever continues to instigate a protest, boycott or whatever is camped out there under the flagpoles “until the Confederate Battle Flag comes down.” This person obviously has no job for which to report and far too much time on his hands. Or is he possibly being paid to sit there? At any rate, I sure hope he brought winter attire. It gets awfully chilly on the Biloxi/Gulfport beach in the wintertime. □
Linda Sewell is President of the Alabama Heritage Preservation Association.
Does anybody know this man?
6 The First Freedom September 2002
— Alabama
Excuses for rewriting Alabama Constitution “reinterpreted
95
As the November election draws near, two peecees in a pod seek the Governor 9s chair. Both candidates, Republican and Democrat; are for rewriting the constitution.
By Ellen Williams
WETUMPKA, AL. (Aug. 16) - With the topic of concern centered upon today’s media frenzy for a state constitutional rewrite, the speaker was Mr. John Eidsmoe, retired Air Force Lt. Colonel, professor of law at Faulkner University, author with 11 published books and numerous articles, attorney who handles constitutional cases across the nation; orator who gives lectures and seminars nationally, regularly debating ACLU leaders among others, and a scholar having five degrees in law, theology and political science. He is a Lutheran pastor, a Black Belt in Taekwondo, a horseman and a tltier.
I have no words to describe the talent Mr. Eidsmoe has for speaking. Recalling high school political science, I remember d-u-l-l classes; but Mr. Eidsmoe took the Alabama Constitution and made of it an exciting presentation. He sprinkled in both wry and rollicking humor.
One of the most memorable quotes for me came with his describing the various national newspapers and kinds of people who read them, as he observed that The Montgomery Advertiser is read by “those who think The Inquirer too intellectual!” The Alabama Constitution, he explains, has already been condensed and recompiled into a very usable format. Mr. Eidsmoe emphasized what some of us already knew: that it's The Montgomery Advertiser, The Birmingham News, The Mobile Register and The Huntsville Times that are behind all this rewrite hype. And, of course, the reason for that rewrite is increased taxes. So watch for the euphemism, “tax reform." That is the code phrase for tax increase — especially property taxes.
Mr. Eidsmoe told why a constitutional convention is the most dangerous way to change our state constitution. He reiterated that the delegates would be those bought by AEA, the state, the media. Ask yourself: How many average working Alabamians can get four months leave to help create a constitution? But the state will “excuse” its employees for such purpose...
Mr. Eidsmoe explodes several myths which have been perpetrated by the liberals behind this rewrite frenzy:
■	Alabama's 1901 constitution is the oldest. New Hampshire's dates from 1784 and Mississippi's from 1890.
■	The 1901 constitution was dominated by reactionary farmers. The convention had 155 delegates elected from every county in the state. They included two
ex-governors, two former Supreme Court Justices, many retired military officers and numerous others from various walks of life.
■	The Alabama Constitution is unworkable because of its length and many amendments. Though long, the Alabama Constitution follows the norm for all state constitutions (which tend to be longer and more specific than the U.S. Constitution). The Alabama Constitution has been amended 700 times, but most of these amendments relate to specific counties or cities and are of little concern to the rest of the state. We could streamline the constitution by incorporating the general amendments into the main tpxt, or by indexing the specific amendments alphabetically by counties. However, its length and amendments are not as much of a hindrance as the detractors claim.
■	The Alabama Constitution retards economic development. When is the last time a business refused to locate in Alabama because taxes are too low or there is too little government regulation?
■	A new constitution is needed for tax reform. The issue is not tax reform; it is tax increase. Does anyone seriously believe that if property taxes go up, income and
BY KEN
The Alabama Coalition met In the Civic Room In Gold Star Park at Wetumpka, Alabama August 16th. This meeting hall was provided by Mr. Mike Whortoa. realtor and chairman of that city’s League of the South chapter. Here Mr. John Eidsmoe defends the 1901 Alabama Constitution to a full house gathering.
sales taxes will go down?
■	A new constitution is needed to provide home rule. Not only are there two sides to this issue: whether or not we even want home rule; but, if, then that can be done by a simple amendment. Establishing home rule does not require a new constitution.
■	A convention is a sqfe way to write a new constitution. We have no idea who would attend such a convention, or how the delegates might be selected, who lead it, by what rules proceed, which well-financed special interests behind it or what kind of constitution they would devise. Alternatives do exist - one being selective, well-chosen amendments. And another the legislature's current effort to redraft the constitution article by article. Let us think carefully before gambling with Alabama's future by rushing into a new convention.
The rewrite must be stopped. Or the liberal left will: • compromise our state's Second Amendment rights; • dissolve Alabama's boundaries; • write God out of the constitution; • raise taxes; • legalize gambling; • and what else? I




I


PHOTO BY KEN HlARIN
Left to right: Ellen Williams, Leonard Wilson and Wyatt Willis all serve on the Alabama Coalition Board of Directors. This organization has adopted and is currently panning three issues: (I) promotion and monitoring of the 2001 Alabama State Flag Law, (2) opposition to the de-emphasizing and eclipsing of Confederate Historical significance at the Alabama State Capitol, and;(3) opposition to rewriting our Alabama State Constitution.
Those who would demonstrate need a media permit
By Olaf Childress According to a story in the Athens News Courier Friday, August 23,2002, “Ardmore [AL] Police Chief Doc Oliver said reports that his officers are stopping cars displaying the rebel flag are untrue. He said he did recently warn some students driving vehicles sporting the flags, but the emblem was not the source of the controversy. 'We don't keep them from having the flag. That’s their business,’ Oliver said. ‘But we don’t want them making racial slurs and bothering people.’ ”
But ARTICLE II of the Bill of No Rights (see page 1) says: “You do not have the right to never be offended.” Indeed, what an absurdity, Chief Oliver invoking cloture where no charges have been filed; himself the arbiter of whose sensibilities get protected.
As we go to press a group of concerned citizens were taking their Confederate flags to Ardmore on the Alabama-Tennessee line, and your editor decided to tag along.
This had been announced as a statement for the First Amendment, nothing against anybody - neither a rebuke nor a show of support concerning recent developments in Ardmore and elsewhere. Some concerned
citizens had simply decided this was a good time to clarify the First Amendment. Participants would have a spokesperson explain it to the media and others who seem unfamiliar with its words and purpose: “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.”
No one, to our knowledge, has brought charges of any kind against the naughty teen-agers, if indeed that was the case, or petitioned Chief Oliver to intervene. The law remains silent, as far as police officers are concerned, where there's no crime. It is not for Mr. Oliver, a public servant, to also take on the media's self-assigned role of everybody’s nanny.
Because of such slanted reports as the one by Station WAFF which follows, too few today realize the First Amendment exists for themselves as well as the media; many being unaware of the simple fact that a free people, from time to time, in order to preserve their rights must exercise them.
WAFF announced on August 22: “The
Confederate Flag is the focus of a controversy in Ardmore, Alabama.
“Some rebellious teens are forcing Ardmore police to regulate the Rebel Flag. Police say there's nothing wrong with flying your southern colors but some people are taking it too far. They're waving it in the way of other cars and yelling discriminating remarks. Some teens even hung black dolls from their flags.
“William Oliver, Ardmore Police Chief said, 'As long as they're sitting around we don't care... as long as they're not causing problems sitting next to the road and flashing it.*
“So far, three warnings have been issued for carelessly waving of the confederate flag. If those people are caught again, they'll be charged with disorderly conduct.”
The problem we have with the above TV and press reports is that the same media never see the far more frequent incidents of blacks “making racial slurs and bothering people** — while committing rape, robbery and "hale crimes " against whites. So a few teens exercise, if a bit unruly, the same rights as do those criminals sanctioned by the press? And peecee public officers pose for the media? What else is new?

— The South -
September 2002 The First Freedom 7
Crying into their cafe-au-lait
*Benefield, Eleuterius, Ladner and Rockco have not dug in their heels out of principle. They themselves continuously credit their action to the desires of a majority of their constituents.99 —The Biloxi-Gulfport Sun Herald
By Nelson Waller
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a milestone of sorts in the history of the present Southern resurgence.
I have been fighting the war for the C-flag continuously for ten years and carefully chronicling it, with its propaganda and psychological warfare aspects ever in mind. This is the first time I have ever heard politicians give the wishes of the electorate at large as their reason for voting either for or against suppression of the C-flag.
That's right. Within my recollection and according to my archives, majority rule and the democratic process (in the best sense of that word) have never been mentioned as entering into politicians' discussions on Southern emblem and heritage issues. The wishes of the people at large have been, in effect, nonexistent in the minds and utterances of all politicians involved in all states. There may be exceptions, but they're the exceptions that prove
the rule.
Thus, the war on the C-flag is in fact a war on majority rule and the democratic process... and until this Sun Herald article was posted today, these fundamentals of American life have been systematically frozen out of the handling of our issues by politicians.
This may signify that the politicians are starting to remember that they are elected for the express and exclusive purpose of using and safeguarding the democratic process and actuating the wishes of the electorate at large - not groveling and catering to leftist-fringe hate groups!
I'm trying to be a good teacher and repeat myself enough to get the cruciality of this point through!
The pols* interest in continuing on this take undoubtedly depends on how much “positive reinforcement’* we give them in it.
Just think! This is how they treat all other issues as well - stiff the electorate and do the bidding of the radical left. This incident could be the start of something big! “The desires of a majority of their constituents*' - the phrase appears as a glimmer of light at the end of a tunnel ten years long. Look how the Sun Herald editors are crying into their caf6-au-lait about it! It ruins their whole day, that a county council is heeding the wishes of the people for a change! Glory to God! A/.W.
Keep it flying!
That flag represents the South: her people (living and dead), those whose blood stains it, those whose tears dampen it, those whose sweat moistens it, all are owners of it, holders of it, keepers of the flag and defenders of the cause of holy liberty.
- David Cooksey AlaReb
Let our banners fly!
by: Lourie N. Formby III Philadelphia, Mississippi
Our banners were made by the ladies at home, and raised on court houses and capitol domes. Throughout the South they flew in the breeze, and were carried to battle the Northern armies.
Though tattered, faded, bloodied and tom, they stood for States’ Rights and Southrons unborn. The North called us rebels - traitors for our Cause. They invaded our homeland and broke many laws.
They ve written the history of their “Civil War.’*
Our truth is erased and mentioned no more.
They burned, raped, pillaged and caused misery, supposedly as “liberators** to set the slaves free.
Old Honest Abe “freed** them with no authority, in hopes by so doing an uprising he'd see.
To ruins they ravaged our homes and our lands, our women and children were left at their hands.
New England doctors still censor this truth.
They keep teaching garbage these days to our youth as the modem day Southerner sells out in shame, forgetting his heroes in graves without names.
No more holidays for Davis, Jackson and Lee, nor public flags honoring our beloved Confederacy. Manassas, Vicksburg, the dread “March to the Sea** for a modem day Southerner mean not a thing.
We're beaten and battered by scalawag success, called racist and bigot in the media and press.
This noise about rednecks and klansmen's a game by liberals maintaining we’re all quite the same.
It's his heritage this 61* redneck's here to recoup when correcting the Yankee: we’re not a “hate group.** To arms, fellow Southrons! Sound the battle cry.
Stop “political correctness.” Let our banners fly!
SOUTHRON BUSINESS LISTING Bonny Bine entering - Specializing in Southern and European food. We have a 20-ft. mobile kitchen that helps guarantee the freshest, high quality food. We do not and will not use food or products from any communist country (China, etc.), and this includes the very bolts that hold our kitchen together that was built in Georgia. We use all-Southem products if possible. A portion of our profits go to supporting our Southern heritage (Friends of Forest. Southern Legal Resource Center, or your group when sponsoring an event to raise money for the cause).
(251) 965-6397 — P.O. Box 817 Magnolia Springs. Alabama CSA 36SS5
WANTED:
The Mom a Pop shops that are now selling American goods to smuggle also The First Freedom into the hands of those in need of truth. Such corporate giants as are willing to see us enslaved on a global plantation won't help spread the word that our South remains the last best hope for defeating nihilism. Will you? wwwgulftel.com/homeftee/adv.rates.htm
Bedford: A World Vision By Ellen Williams (.umrJimm Hookx
2000 $13.93
Here is a scary bookl Ellon Williams is a Southern heritage activist and retired schoolteacher. She has penned this novel set in the near future. The story is set in a cultural climate in which the entire Western world has come under a global government It makes ftill use of today's most recognizable trends and is a warning. Either we make a 180-degree turn or this vision will soon be here, and it may not taka 20 years... - Steven Yates
Southern group is disruptive
By Joe M. Miller
Thankfully, most small Southern towns do not have even one extremist hate group. No riots, no marches, no demonstrations, no unruly crowds, no loud objections to anything. The nearest thing to social unrest is an occasional complaint about too many taxes. But that is the American way, expected and welcome. So they are free of any disruptive groups of any kind. At least for now.
But there is a trouble-making subversive group with a high falutin' name, the Southern Poverty Law Center, that seems to be quietly sneaking a little closer to peaceful communities as time goes by. It is a group that hates conservatives and creates tension and dissension everywhere they go. They can't stand the idea of patriotic, independent individuals assembling in peace and dignity to celebrate their Southern heritage or conservative ideals or religions, all considered offensive by the Southern Poverty Law Center, a self-appointed moral authority with extremist, hateful, intolerant, left-wing views.
Extremist, intolerant hate groups come in all stripes and sizes. Some of them are obviously ugly, disgusting and very harmful, such as the KKK. Some of them are up-front in what they represent, but also harmful and divisive, such as the NAACP. Others are disguised as do-gooders who claim to combat hate, intolerance and
intrusive organization is now harassing many of our loyal, patriotic citizens. They are definitely becoming an extremist hate group to fear. And watch. So be on the lookout for the slimey SPLC to show up in your town soon. Preventive pest control is always more effective.
This month’s SPECIAL BOOK OFFER
You've all heard of David Duke's highly contentious My Awakening. but preferred not to be seen with a copy. Well, now that The First Freedom has pulled a few from their book burning - the Jewish “Defense” League no longer attacking its truths with as much fire - you'll want an autographed copy for just $20 with a one-year renewal.
My Awakening is the autobiographical account of David Duke's evolution from a typical American son to one of the most controversial political leaders in the world. His compelling story takes us from his early life and love of the wetlands and forests of south Louisiana to his activism for the rights and heritage of European Americans. It recounts his political victory in the House of Representatives from Louisiana, and his Subsequent amazing races for the U.S. Senate and Governorship that won him a landslide of White voters (over 60%) even though he was vastly out spent and attacked relentlessly by a hostile media.
discrimination, but are hypocritical and a dangerous threat to privacy and freedom of speech and religion, such as the devious Southern Poverty Law Center.
In viewing their agenda of meddling and pestering, with fraudulent claims on the internet, it appears that the Southern Poverty Law Center is nothing more than a group of paranoid, bigoted, fcar-mongering malcontents who sneak around looking behind every bush and tree in search of any law-abiding, patriotic Southern white guy who is proud of his grandpa and enjoys the peaceful, fraternal assembly with other Southern white guys who also take pride in their ancestors.
A Southern white guy’s family pride is viewed as “racism” by the Southern Poverty Law Center and, to them, “racism” means “hatred.” Both words, imagined or real, are hot-button, sure-fire ammunition that a subversive group can skillfully use to overthrow our Southern culture of values and traditions. And raise a bunch of liberal money.
The Southern Poverty Law Center does not have any official authority to intrude into the affairs of anybody, or to spy on them. But they do. They operate like an unlawful, wild-west, vigilante style posse/lynch mob, snooping, lying and snitching in the disgusting tradition of the infamous Gestapo of Hitler's day. And they have had some kangaroo-court successes with O.J. type juries. Even a “loose cannon” can hit the proper target once in a while.
But the Southern Poverty Law Center is rapidly getting out of control. This sneaky,
— Open to the public —
4th Annual
CONFEDERATE FALL MUSTER October 5,2002
Confederate Park near Marbury, Alabama 25 miles north of Montgomery, off Hwy 143
Festivities begin at 10 am
Featured speaker: Dr. Michael R. Bradley
Well-known author and history professor Motlow State College Tullahoma, Tennessee
•	Plenty of inspiring Confederate and Southern music
•	Vendors with Confederate wares
•	Good Alabama barbecue and all the trimmin's
To be guaranteed a meal send a deposit of*8.50 by September 25. This is an adult plate and ordinarily is enough to feed two children 10 and under. Mail meal deposits to J. Wyatt Willis, 107 Greencresi Lane, Prattville, Alabama 36067 (jwwcsa(oJknology.net).
Amazing isn't it? After 137 years, a
| “conquered banner** arouses so much
emotion! Must be a powerful message
in that symbol.	_n	... ..._
- Ellen Williams
Two-thirds of the book is devoted to his awakening on the most important issue of our time: race. He offers compelling evidence that belief in racial equality is the modem scientific equivalent of believing that the earth is flat Duke offers proof that the disciples of the new religion of racial egalitarianism have suppressed the evidence of racial differences in the mass media. In a startling chapter, he reveals how America's Founding Father*, including the man who wrote the Declaration of Independence and who gave us our constitution’s Bill of Rights. Thomas Jefferson, had opinions on race opposite of what is popularly perceived. David Duke goes on to show the irrepressible influence of race on the rise and fall of civilizations, and why the changing racial demographics of America and Europe, if left unchecked, will destroy the values and viability of Western Civilization.
In a major section of his book, David | Duke offers compelling evidence (primarily from Jewish sources) that a prominent segment of Jewry promotes what he calls | “Jewish suprcmacism.” He is careful to point out that this supremacist segment does not include all Jews, but that this supremacist element dominates the leading Jewish religious and social organizations. They support Israel, which is clearly a Jewish supremacist state, complete with ethnic cleansing, segregation, and discrimination against the original Palestinian inhabitants. Duke maintains that not only do these organized Jewish groups seek supremacy in Israel, but also pursue hegemony in the major nations of the world through media domination and political influence.
Ash (i twa fpu ^^
gp? °
duals VhXl A OAl-yUA la 111 fvwf f%u/am wlUt saffty UdU.
•	The First Freedom
| P.O. Box 385, Silverhill. Alabama 365761
, ruti nami ~
I MAIL ADOM SS
i cm' 1	Statl	/ii*
[□ Here's $15 for a one-year subscription.' ! □ $25 for 200 extra copies of current issue.1 ! □ $25 for 200 extra copies of the next one.
•	□ $________as a patron. Keep it up!
j □ Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie” decals i □ And $20 for a copy of My Awakening, j autographed by Author David Duke.	*
o\*'e
LSI XIE
8 The First Freedom September 2002
— Wake-up call —
Let My Children Go: a new case for abandoning government schools
If you believe in God and love your children, it's time for action.
By Steven Yates______________
Let My Children Go
By E. Ray Moore, Jr.
Columbia, S.C.: Gilead |
Media 2002. Pp. 352. $14.95.
On March 28 of this year. Rev. James Dobson, President of Focus on the Family, issued one of the strongest warnings to date about government schools today. “In the state of California,*' he | said, “and in places that have moved with the direction that they've gone with the schools, if I had a child there, I wouldn't put that | youngster in public schools. They’re being taught homosexual propaganda and these other politically correct, postmodern views. I think it’s time to get our kids out. We cannot sacrifice our kids on the altar of some kind of public school's ideal.” On July 8 he expanded on that indictment. “What I was saying was that this godless and immoral curriculum and influence in the public schools is gaining momentum across the nation in ways that were unheard of just one year ago. It's as though the dam has now broken and activists representing various causes, including homosexuality, are rushing through the breach in ways that are shocking.” He singled out Connecticut, California, Massachusetts, Minnesota, | New Jersey, Washington, Wisconsin, Vermont, Washington, D.C., and also targeted Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Hawaii, and Alaska as promoting homosexuality in government schools ms m normal, alternative lifestyle choice. “It isn’t just California that has drifted into this dangerous stuff,” he said. “This is where we are, especially on both coasts, but to some degree throughout the nation.”
Last year on this site I reported in detail on the Exodus Mandate Project, Rev. E. Ray Moore’s name for his working strategy aimed at persuading as many Christian parents as possible to remove their children from what he frequently calls Pharaoh's school system, and either home school them or send them to private Christian schools. Shortly after that interview Rev. Moore began discussing a book he had started to write. He wanted to produce a Christian education manifesto setting out the case against government schools and for Bible-based education in one concise package. He was looking to provide a kind of tool that could be used to encourage pastors and other denominational leaders to support both home schooling in their areas and the founding of church-based Christian schools at their churches. Extremely busy with his Frontline Ministries as well as building up Exodus Mandate’s nationwide network (and given that we were living less than ten miles apart at the j time). Rev. Moore eventually came to me for assistance in editing the manuscript, | assistance I was more than willing to provide.
The book is now here. It is a tour-de- | force that should be very accessible to the lay reader, and it could not have come along at a better time.
Let My Children Go begins on familiar territory, distinguishing Christian from secular humanist worldviews. The first chapter describes how Rev. Moore and his wife Gail sought to provide a Christian education for their four children, how they became one of the pioneering home schooling families in the country, and how their oldest son went on to become Valedictorian and Regimental Commander at The Citadel, in Charleston, S.C. - having been well ahead of other young people in his age bracket. Rev. Moore contrasts these
results with the dominant agendas in government schools over the past couple of decades: Outcome Based Education, Goals 2000, and School-To-Work.
These movements are not just anti-Christian, he tells us. By assuming or promoting the idea that the only valid goal of education is workforce training for the global economy, these movements are virulently anti-academic and anti-intellectual as well.
Rev. Moore develops three lines of argument for abandoning government schools. Interestingly, these lines of argument are mostly independent of one another, so one should not have to be a convinced Christian to recognize their aggregate impact. The first is mostly historical, the second is mainly economic, and the third is Scriptural and theological. It is sometimes said that the vast majority of those in the home schooling movement are Evangelical Christians. The actual figure is around 70 percent; to this extent, Christians have indeed taken the lead. There is nothing stopping libertarians from getting involved. To my mind, libertarians can learn from Christians on this issue; many might even become Christians as a result of their involvement. There are reasons for thinking that Christian and libertarian thought are compatible.
In the first line of argument, presented mainly in Chapter Two (colorfully entitled “Get Behind Me, Horace Mann: The Rise and Fall of State-Sponsored Education), Rev. Moore shows how state-sponsored schools, as be frequently calls them, were never a part of the Framers’ original vision. It is common to point out that the Constitution never mentions education. The assumption of the time was that education would be private, and any government involvement would be strictly local. It is important to realize that in the early history of the United States, literacy was over 90 percent. The Federalist Papers were published in the New York newspapers of the time, and read by an educated public. Then state-sponsored education was imported from Europe — specifically, Prussia - with the first true state-sponsored schools set up in Massachusetts by Horace Mann and the Unitarians in the 1840s. Mann and his colleagues set down three principles:
(1) compulsory attendance; (2) teacher certification from a state teachers college -showing that teachers have been taught what to teach; (3) ownership and administration of schools by the state. Rev. Moore notes how 19th century theologians such as R.L. Dabney warned against the new system. But almost no one sensed danger. Then came John Dewey’s Progressive Education. Little by little, state-sponsored schools became places intended to produce a certain type of human being: compliant, group-focused, and above all, obedient to governmental authority - as opposed to independent-minded, capable of individual critical discernment, and skeptical of centralized authority (the mindset that characterized the pioneers in every field who built this country). In short, state-sponsored schools slowly became hotbeds of social engineering.
The second argument for abandoning state-sponsored schools appears mainly in Chapter Four. It, as we said, focuses on economics, and employs the arguments of key figures of the twentieth century Austrian school such as Ludwig Vfon Mises and Murray Rothbard. Our country was founded on the idea of private property rights. Goods and services should be delivered by the free market and not by the state. Rev. Moore shows how both home schooling and private Christian schools
would exemplify the operation of a free market in education. Government schools, on the other hand, exemplify our country’s drift toward socialism, and it is to be expected that Progressive Educators dispense education for a socialist society. One of the most important points here is whether they are starting up new, private schools or dispensing materials (e.g., curriculums) for home schooling parents, those participating in a free market in education must deliver the goods at what their customers consider a fair price or they will not be able to stay in business. In a free market, if your customers are unhappy they will go elsewhere. This will ensure a return to the quality education that government schools can no longer deliver; it has already fostered an environment in which home schooled children are years ahead of their government-schooled counterparts, having won national spelling bees and other contests and being accepted into top-rated universities.
The third argument is theological and ought to impact on Christians especially: Rev. Moore presents the Scriptural passages where God directly commands parents to take charge of their children’s education. These include Deuteronomy 6:1-9, Psalms 127:3-5 and 78:5, Proverbs 22:6, Matthew 28:18-20, and others. As Rev. Moore expresses this, “A major proposition of the Exodus Mandate Project is that God gave education to the family with assistance from the church.” The command is to the family - specifically, to parents - and not any governmental entity. Rev. Moore sees a profound need to reach out to pastors and denominational leaders, seeking to inspire them to take seriously the need to address educational issues. These range from supporting home schooling groups in their congregations and communities to overseeing start-up church-based schools affordable for those parents who cannot home school (which, today, is probably the majority). To supplement this critical point. Rev. Moore draws on the Nehemiah Institute’s detailed documentation of how youth raised in Christian homes but attending state-sponsored schools tend to abandon their faith and stop attending church after they get to college. He cites the observation of Brig. Gen. T.C. Pinckney (USAF ret), former Second Vice President of the Southern Baptist Convention, in a speech before the SBC’s Executive Committee last September: “We are losing our children. Research indicates that 70 percent of teens who are involved in a church youth group will stop attending church within two years of their high school graduation.” Government schools change their worldview at a fundamental level - and then university education makes matters worse. The PEERS test developed by the Nehemiah Institute (PEERS stands for Politics, Education, Economics, Religion, Social Issues) documents how a secularist worldview comes to dominate teenagers' thinking and utterly overwhelms their one-day exposure to Christian education (often limited to Sunday school). Let My Children Go, in this case, is a tool for reversing this process. There is no need to fear that schools set up to promote a Christian worldview will be anti-intellectual. The Bible contains many passages endorsing the pursuit of knowledge (Hosea 4:6, Psalms 94:10, Proverbs 1:5, 10:14, 15:7, 18:15, and so on). It is secular humanism that has turned anti-intellectual, ranging from its acceptance of postmodernism to its promotion of job-skills training in place of academics (the School-To-Work model).
From all this Rev. Moore infers that Christians need a new paradigm for education, one that takes as its point of departure the realization that state-sponsored education is a “renegade school system” that was fundamentally alien to American founding principles and hostile to Christian belief from the start. So abandoning state-sponsored education is
the logical thing to do; it was never anything more than a snare for the unwary.
One of the key chapters in Let My Children Go focuses on “Minefields on the Road to the Promised Land.” A large chapter (almost 40 pages), it presents the case Rev. Moore had assembled against educational vouchers before the recent Zelman decision, arguing that a voucher system would eventually rob private religious schools of their autonomy and sabotage their distinct mission. As I argued recently, there is abundant evidence that this is already happening. Rev. Moore also considers both charter schools and accrediting agencies. All have the same problem: wherever you have government money, you have a slowly encircling web of government controls - with the watchword being “accountability.” The separations clause in the First Amendment becomes a secularist weapon against religious identity (something that would have horrified its authors who wanted to prevent the establishment of a state-sponsored church, such as the Church of England, not erase Christianity from public life).
Rev. Moore’s final target in this chapter is an unexpected one: character education. Unexpected, because a substantial literature presents character education as an alternative to relativism, situation ethics and values clarification. Moreover, many character education supporters see themselves as Christians. Clearly there are character educators who mean well. Character education spells trouble, however, because although it may avoid the blatant relativism of values clarification it still attempts to place ethics on a secular footing, relying on such work as that of Lawrence Kohlberg and his “six stages” of moral development Rev. Moore shows, with citations, that character education in practice is unable to avoid reinstating current fashionable dogmas about multiculturalism, universal tolerance, and so on - because these agendas control the mainstream, and secular ethicists have no significant defenses against them.
The entire issue of reforming state-sponsored schools turns on a single question: can reform work? The evidence is abundant and growing that it cannot. If we pay close attention to the three lines of argumentation seen above, we see why. State-sponsored schools not having been a part of the original vision for the country, their dismal performance is not a deviation but a product of the secularist and statist agenda that has driven (and funded) them from the start. A secularist mindset controls the institutions through which any reform must be administered.
The better strategy, therefore, is a new Exodus from Pharaoh’s schools. There is abundant evidence that government schools (1) have become laboratories of behavior modification techniques, including the use of legal (because government-approved) mind-altering drugs such as Ritalin, (2) teach politically correct but historically false views of history and government including groupthink which prepares them to live in a socialist society, (3) promote tolerance of everything except Christianity, (4) are therefore places where youth from Christian homes lose their faith, (5) have been the scene of declining levels of literacy, the oft-referred-to dumbing down of the country, so that graduates don't understand economics and wouldn't know socialism if they saw it; and (6) have become physically dangerous to both students and teachers.
Each of these could be explored in great detail - some have been explored in depth by other authors. Beverly Eakman, for example, explores the role behavior modification has played in state-sponsored education in her The Cloning of the American Mind. John Taylor Gatto documents how the basic philosophy of state-sponsored schools was lavishly funded by power elites in huge tax-exempt (See “The time has come,” page 9)
September 2002 The First Freedom 9
— Wake-up call —
Neolibs and the New World Order
“What’s in a name? That which we call a rose, by any other name would smell as sweet99 -W"Shakespeare, Romeo a Juliet “Flowerbelle Lee, What a euphonious appellation.99
—W.C. Fields to Mae West, My Little Chickadee, 1940
By Edgar J. Steele One thing seems certain regarding George “Dubya” Bush's legacy: he will go down in history as having been the first U.S. president to unite the American Left with the American Right. Against himself and his globalist handlers, that is. Suddenly, I’m getting some of my leftist friends back, as they see me rail against the fascism now snaking its way through socialist America. They seem to think I have had an epiphany and become a liberal, once again. Maybe they are right, because 1 surely am no conservative, at least not in the mold now being blessed by the American media and government. In fact, “conservative” is becoming a dirty word for me again, just as “liberal” has been for so long now. Most of those who see themselves as being conservative don’t seem to be paying very close attention, however, because they still line up behind Bush, noting that, “He’s our President, after all,” and, “...a Republican, don’t forget.” They are taking the easy way out and forgetting the motives that made them conservative in the first place.
The term “conservative” has been hijacked, much as the word “liberal” was hijacked so long ago by socialists-cum-communists. And by the same people that did the hijacking then. They have reinvented themselves once again. That’s why some have coined the term “neoconservatives,” so as to differentiate the new Republicans from themselves.
They now tend to think of themselves as “paleoconservatives.” Used to be, liberal meant that you stood for individual rights, liberty and freedom. Conservatives stood for business as usual, low taxes and hypercapitalism. Used to be. Republicans were the liberals.
Many forget that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Lincoln singlehandedly caused the South to be Democratic for nearly a hundred years, in kneejerk reaction to his apocalyptic war of aggression against the South. Republican became synonymous with Yankee industrialist.
As an outgrowth of the civil rights movement of the sixties, liberal interests became overrun by the control freaks that implemented the welfare state and entitlement mentality now rampant throughout America. They morphed into the anti-war movement of the Viet Nam era.
I was among the very earliest members of the Libertarian party back then, which was an attempt to rebirth individual rights and liberty. I recall how quickly it was taken over by the malcontents and Marxists of the antiwar movement, as was every independent movement True Libertarians will dispute this and claim they are the only viable alternative, even today, but they continue to delude themselves. That was why I left, though I still considered myself Libertarian by philosophy, save only the open trade aspects, which clearly do not work (come on... just look at the results of NAFTA!). Liberals today are synonymous with Democrats and virtually indistinguishable from communists. Republicans are the new socialists. Indeed, the labels blur, because both parties are really the same and support fascism under Bush. Don’t forget that Hitler was a socialist, by the way (Nazi... National Socialist). Now you can see why I manage to enrage everybody. I didn’t leave out very many
in my name calling so far.
But, in fact, I left out the majority... the vast silent majority in America today, which still favors individual liberty and freedom. They are the ones I really stand up for now. Most of us literally no longer vote, either because we don’t understand what the candidates stand for (and therefore won’t support any of them) or because we do understand what the candidates stand for (and therefore won’t support any of them).
We have no real label any more. There is a reason why those who have hijacked America today adopted the old labels, just as Indians wore buffalo skins so as to get close enough to the herd to bring down dinner. Many of us become confused and think we really have someone out there representing us, due to the old labels. We don’t, of course. Talk about taxation without representation!
We need a new label, one that conveys the correct mixture of idealism and support for personal liberty and freedom. One that borrows a little from every disparate group now bound up in this common cause, which includes so many Christians and freethinkers and academics and capitalists and students and professionals and union members and housewives and... so on.
For a while now, those who have been speaking out against the growing tyranny in America have referred to ourselves as “the movement,” the generic label so often taken in early stages of any revolutionary groundswell.
Many in “the movement” believe that we are exceedingly small in number. We are not. It is only that an exceedingly small number of us are wise to the interlopers. We need to awaken the others to the buffalo-skin-wearers amongst us.
In the spirit of continual recycling, we could adopt the sole remaining old label
The time has come to separate school and state
(Continued from page 8) foundations (especially the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation) and came to service their interests in The Underground History of American Education. Charlotte Thomson Iserbyt weaves both threads together in her monumental compendium The Deliberate Dumbing Down of America.
These works are not superficial treatments. They are meticulously documented; both Eakman and Iserbyt have worked in government and “know the ropes,” so to speak. They show that the point of state-sponsored education is to produce a “mass man” (and “mass woman”), calling for mass workforce training for a global economy micromanaged by a global government (otherwise known as the New World Order), respectful of a “diversity” which in turn respects everyone except independent-minded, straight white Christian males. There is thus no incentive to teach real history, for example - or necessarily to teach history at all. Such subjects have been ratcheted down in importance since School-To-Work education became the fad of the 1990s (its successor is George W. Bush's No Child Left Behind.) Children can then be induced to accept politically correct ideas, having no means of evaluating them for themselves and nothing to compare them with. They can be taught one form or another of ethical relativism - or simply to accept what has become the prevailing secularist view of education in modem life, that its only aim is training for a supposedly high paying job - a job that might not be there if by some chance the U.S. economy continues on its present course towards what could become a new depression.
Finally, the evidence that state-sponsored schools are no longer physically safe is abundantly supported by the rash of school shootings that has occurred over the past ten or so years, the most dramatic being the Columbine killings in April, 1999. In this
case and in at least one other it is clear that Christian students were deliberately targeted because of their Christianity. That government schools aren’t considered physically safe even by the state and local governments running them is demonstrated by the metal detectors on the doors, the presence of security patrols in the halls, especially of inner-city government schools, the regulations banning gang insignia, and since Columbine, new rules calling for backpacks to be transparent. Even with all these regulations, weapons continue to find their way into state-sponsored schools. Statisticians will argue that the number of violent incidents actually declined during the 1990s. However, no one can dispute that of those incidents that did occur, they increased in their intensity! and level of violence, and that they occurred among progressively younger age brackets — occasionally even among elementary school J children!
The argument is that Christians had better become cognizant of all this before it is too late, remove their children from these schools and build up substantial alternatives in the form of home schooling and private, Christian schools, church-based or otherwise. Rev. Moore does not deal with every issue we face. Many Christians who would home school do not have the time because of firm work obligations, and cannot send their children to private religious schools because they cannot afford it. Those are the people who will find vouchers very hard to resist. Even if that problem were solved. Rev. Moore is conscious of what all of us supportive of or involved with this might eventually be up against. Decisions to home school or to place one’s child in a private, church-affiliated school do not mean that we are out of the woods, not by a long shot. If anything, 1 fear Rev. Moore understates the danger. Home schooling is the largest and
fastest growing independent educational movement in- the country. The total number of children being home schooled in America is now greater than the number of children in government schools in New Jersey. It is well on its way to becoming the biggest threat the dominant educational institutions (and the power elites behind them) have ever faced.
The point is, the home schooling movement in particular and the secular educational establishment are on collision course. Let My Children Go thus presents a Biblical view of the civil disobedience that might someday be necessary if Christians have to choose between obedience to government and obedience to God. It is important to be clear: Rev. Moore is no anarchist who would abolish government or encourage people to break the law.
The Bible makes a place for governmental authorities who are themselves subservient to God’s law. But when these authorities abandon God’s law and set themselves up in God’s place, Christians have to choose whom to obey: government or God.
Thus, other things remaining equal, I foresee an eventual collision between two opposed philosophies, the Christian one that places God in the center and the secular humanist one that substitutes government for God. This is essentially the same collision coming between the political and economic philosophies that stress independence in this world and thus support decentralization in one form or another and those leading to more and more centralization. In the former, the individual depends upon and places his trust in God, not society or an employer or government. Government is limited to a few, carefully delineated functions. The latter has set out to make human beings dependent on a massive welfare system with a globalist orientation: global
not yet recycled in this modem era: liberal. But, we need to twist it just a bit so as to differentiate ourselves from those most recently bearing that label.
“Neoliberal” would work just fine and, until someone comes up with something better, that is what I henceforth choose to call myself. As a neolib, I advocate: Supporting absolute freedom of speech, religion and choice in all things. Breaking the backs of big government, big business, big unions, big media and control freak groups of every stripe.
Favoring minimal government intrusion into private affairs and local control of local government for those intrusions. If you don’t like the way things are run in one place, there will always be some place in America to which you can turn, unlike today. Complete revamping of the legal system, particularly the judiciary, and release of all political prisoners and those convicted of victimless “crimes.” Supporting personal privacy, particularly the sanctity of the family. Stopping -indeed, reversing - the tide of illegal immigration. Opposing the welfare state and the handout mentality. Eliminating favoritism of all sorts. Equal opportunity for all citizens, not equal outcome. Seeking reduction of the federal government to the role outlined for it in the constitution. Replacing the Internal Revenue Service with a universal sales and use tax, collected at the local level.
Extraction of America from the affairs of all foreign states and the elimination of all foreign subsidies. Ejection of all foreign troops from America. Opposing government manipulation of economics, including the stock market, banking and the money supply. And that’s just off the top of my head... let me think on this for a while and I could come up with a much more comprehensive agenda.
government and global economics (which, despite all the hype about “global markets” is not a free market system or anything close). This naturally calls for concentration of power in a centralized, authoritarian-apparatus and an educational system controlled by those capable of turning out “massified” people who are expected to be obedient to and even worshipful of their rulers.
Rev. Moore's book contains or implies all this, and much more. One of its merits is that it is short; unlike Eakman, Gatto or Iserbyt, he did not set out to produce an encyclopedic treatment but a call to arms. Let My Children Go should alert Christians to the full range of dangers of the renegade school system. It calls on them to remove their children from it. It call on pastors and denominational leaders to become informed about the situation in government schools and act in ways that support alternatives, including setting up schools in church facilities that are practically unused six days of the week.
Home schooling has become one of the more significant parallel institutions of our time - parallel in having become a spontaneously developing alternative to dominant institutions seen as corrupt, corrupting and irredeemably hostile to Christians’ interests - for that matter, to anyone who wishes to live a life free from the clutches of centralized power. Exodus Mandate has begun to receive national attention, as Rev. Moore has now done numerous radio interviews explaining these ideas and received a favorable mentions in such forums as Christianity Today, World and The Washington Times. A momentum is developing. As Rev. Moore says repeatedly, “God gave education to the family with assistance from the church.” The time has come, in the memorable phrase given currency by both Sheldon Richmon and Marshall Fritz, to “separate school and state.”
10 The First Freedom September 2002	— Educating the educators 
Teaching tolerance	Atheists	are	appointed,	not	elected
Warning: this column contains 20 liberal buzzwords and -phrases.
By Nelson Waller
nwallef@caroLiiet I couldn't take the feelings of isolation and inferiority engendered by my unpopular views regarding diversity, multiculturalism. pluralism, etc. So I set out to get in step with the times.
I knocked on my neighbors’ doors and tried to encourage them to come with me downtown and recruit the underprivileged to move in with them.
“Are you out of your mind?” they asked insensitively. “Why would we want perfect strangers to move in on us — especially themV
I tried an argument I’d just heard on a TV talk show. “Come now, they may look and talk different than we, but that doesn’t mean we’re better than they are. Besides, think of how our kind has been oppressing theirs for hundreds of years!”
“What is this?” they asked.
“Look,” I retorted. “We are a nation of immigrants. Why don’t you allow some diverse others to at least stay awhile? Broaden yourself! Don’t you realize that when your ancestors came here, they moved right into other peoples' 'home’ without even being asked to? Have you no compassion - ”
“And,” they asked, “are you going to take in any strangers?” “Oh, no,” I replied. I'm the one to whom this vision came. I fee I my job is to teach tolerance to others all day, so I regrettably don’t have time to attend their needs- ” slam.
I went down to town hall. “Here’s a wonderful idea,” I said. “We are a nation of immigrants, are we not?”
“So they say,” the mayor's secretary answered.
“And diversity is our greatest strength, isn’t it?” 1 said, trying to be positive. “Now,” I continued, “I say - and I have no doubt President ‘W* would agree with me - we ought to reform our immigration policies right here in Anderson!”
She looked at me quizzically. “Let’s show the world what tolerance is really all about!” 1 cried. “1 want you and everyone
(Continued from page 3)
Rendering this boondoggle even more egregious is its inclusion of a so-called “distribution center” proposed for the old Monroe Park area. To show how far out of touch our political leaders are regarding container shipping, I quote Governor Don Siegelman during his recent visit to Mobile on promoting the docks expansion: “When those [container] ships come to Mobile laden with valuable goods they’re going to be placed in new warehouses and packaged by Alabama workers and reshipped by Alabama workers, creating jobs from one end of this state to the other.” (Mobile Register, page IB, 4-28-02). What an ignorant statement! The whole idea about “containerization” is to get the expensive, fragile, and easily pilfered cargo away from the port of loading and discharge, and moved inland to distribution centers.
Container shipping - efficient and fast “door-to-door” delivery of goods - has created a transport system based upon
here to come with me to the barrios of Mexico and invite folks to move right up here with us!”
“But,” she ventured, “as a city we have no immigration policy, and even if we did there would be nowhere to put people if we just went and hauled them up here.”
“You're obviously not in step with the twenty-first century," I challenged her. “It’s been 400 years of oppression! Don’t you see that racial justice can’t wait any longer?”
“But where'will they stay, and what will mere peasants live on once they get here?” she asked.
“Silly girl,” I replied. “You've got room for some at your house. So do your neighbors and friends. If need be we could let them stay in our city auditoriums and supermarkets at night when nobody's there. That takes care of their room and board!”
The woman went back to her typing. Soon I realized I was alone. No one was catching the spirit. I went sadly to my back yard where I saw cardinals, doves and bluejays. Then it came to me: If the birds would set a good example, humanity would follow! “Little friends,” I felt moved to say, “do you realize that the world of non-feathered bipeds is lost and needs you to guide them?”
“You, there!” I cheerfully called to a starling. Let me see you befriend some birds from a different cultural background than yourself. Come here and dialogue with these doves!” This and other similar efforts only drove the birds off, or provoked hate from them. “All right, then,” I declared. I shall henceforth serve as judge, jury and prosecutor over you. I order you different species upon pain of incarceration to build nests next door to each other and to teach your young to regard each other as identical except for slight differences in coloration. It may seem strange at first, but let me assure you, you will love it, and those who do not, you will find yourselves made an example to others-” whereupon I fired one shot strictly for demonstration purposes. They all flew away, and my visits with them since then have been entirely one-sided. C
Nelson Waller can be reached care of this paper or POB 2368. Anderson. SC 29622; 864/225-0882
“parcel” consignments. Container liner services between ports in manufacturing and consuming regions far inland operate on schedule, moving tens of thousands of containers every day. One example of such a distribution system is the Wal-Mart complex under construction at Brundidge, Alabama just south of Troy and one-half mile off U.S. Highway 231. Here we see 500 x 800 foot buildings, 400,000 square feet of floorspace each, built on relatively inexpensive land - with access to both highway and rail and fed by containers arriving at the established container ports of Charleston and Savannah. That is how the concept works, and not the way our Governor had it on his recent visits.
Like the Tenn-Tom - with its ten locks and four-barge throughput capacity trying to compete with the lock-free, 50-barge tows on the mighty Mississippi River - this container project’s S300 million will go down the same rathole as the $2 billion spent on that boondoggle.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
The debate between those who believe in God and those who don’t has gone on for years. The more educated and urbane are likelier not to believe.
If my only connection to God were TV preachers such as Tammy Faye and Jimmy Swaggart and the dozens of others, I would probably be an atheist myself, having heard one of them say for a blessing to send in $100, for a bigger blessing send in $500, and for a really big blessing send $1000. And many do. Some of that money from Christians, besides providing luxuries for the preachers, even goes to fund Zionist organisations and strengthen their control.
I talked to a man several weeks ago who was retired from federal law enforcement and originally from Coosa County. He said he would like to move back if he could talk his wife into it. He had moved away as a young man and gone to work in a county sheriff’s department.
In the conversation, it came up that he was an atheist. Raised as a Christian child, during his education he had become so, and now thinks all law enforcement should avoid religion because religious belief may cause one to be prejudiced in action. He said his career was never able to advance while working in county law enforcement, as they discriminated against him because he was an atheist. But, once he got on at the federal level, they gladly accommodated that attitude.
He also believes that all public officials, especially law enforcement, should be appointed rather than elected. That way they would not answer to the public for their positions and wouldn’t be affected in deciding whom they arrested or didn’t. In telling about people in high places he had arrested, one a senator, another a sheriff, he said all proclaimed to be big Christians
Principal Jody McLoud read
this statement over the public
address system before a football
game at Roane County High
School in Kingston Tennessee, on
Sept I9 2000.
-------------
It has always been the custom at Roane County High School football games to say a prayer and play the National Anthem, to honor God and Country. Due to a recent ruling by the Supreme Court, I am told that saying a prayer is a violation of Federal Case Law.
As I understand the law at this time, I can use this public facility to approve of sexual perversion and call it “an alternative lifestyle,” and if someone is offended, that’s OK.
I can use it to condone sexual promiscuity by dispensing condoms and calling it “safe sex.” If someone is offended, that’s OK.
I can even use this public facility to present the merits of killing an unborn baby as a “viable means of birth control.” If someone is offended, no problem.
I can designate a school day as “Earth Day” and involve students in activities to worship religiously and praise the goddess “Mother Earth” and call it “ecology.”
I can use literature, videos and presentations in the classroom that depict people with strong, traditional Christian convictions as “simple-minded” and “ignorant.”
However, if anyone uses this facility to
Speaking of inconsistency ...
■	9-13-2001: “The most important thing is for us to find Osama bin Laden. It is our number one priority and we will not rest until we find him.”
-	El Presidente Jorge Dubya Arbusto
■	3-13-2002: “I don’t know where he is. I have no idea and I don’t care. It’s not that important. It’s not our priority.”
-	El Presidente Jorge Dubya Arbusto
but were taking bribes and payoffs when arrested by him, an atheist who obeyed the law. He considered himself something of an “untouchable,” I gathered.
Nothing he had seen proved there was a God. Explaining that I did believe, having seen faith healings among other things which reveal forces at work we cannot understand, he replied that only showed mind over matter, it came from the human brain and not necessarily God, proving only that if you believe something hard enough it will happen, the human mind being a powerful thing. We debated the subject for about an hour, neither of us expecting to change the other’s beliefs, but at least he was honest about what he thought was right.
He believed that the federal government was the only supreme force and that many so-called Christians only preyed on others’ belief in God to con them out of something or rip them off. Some of what he said I agreed with and some I didn’t. Southrons at one time did believe in God. Men such as Stonewall Jackson believed that they were protected by God in battle. Jackson and others faced down the enemies of their homeland without fear of the bullets and cannon because they believed that God would protect them and wouldn’t let them die until it was their time.
Now some Southern men are scared to even stick a Dixie decal on their vehicle tag. Driving around Alabama, I often see churches that fly the federal flag over the Christian flag.
It seems that there are many today who believe government is the supreme force, whether they say so openly or not. Until next time, take care.
Dixie Forever!
Lloyd Caperton (CapeCSA@aol.com) is an activist in the League of the South.
honor God, and to ask Him to bless this event with safety and good sportsmanship, then Federal Case Law is violated.
This appears to be inconsistent at best, and at worst diabolical. Apparently, we are to be tolerant of everything and anyone, except God and His Commandments.
Nevertheless, as a school principal, l| frequently ask staff and students to abide by rules with which they do not necessarily agree. For me to do otherwise would be inconsistent at best and, at worst, hypocritical. I suffer from that affliction enough unintentionally. I certainly do not need to add an intentional transgression.
For this reason, I shall “render unto Caesar that which is Caesar’s” and refrain from praying at this time.
However, if you feel inspired to honor, praise and thank God, and ask Him, in the name of Jesus, to bless this event, please feel free to do so. As far as 1 know, that’s not against the law, yet.
-----^--------
One by one, the people in the stands bowed their heads, held hands with one another, and began to pray. They prayed in the stands. They prayed in the team huddles. They prayed at the concession stand, and they prayed in the announcer's booth. One place they didn’t pray was in the Supreme Court of the United States of America, the seat of “justice” in this “one nation, under God.” Kingston, Tennessee, remembered what so many have forgotten: We are given freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka. AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
Cush Loans PIT " ----  "	~	znm	1.25 lb.
Farm Raised “You Caleb" Catfish Confederate Shirts, Caps Belt Buckles All 6 flags
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Stickers • Beverages • Tobacco Building erected In 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner — CapeCSA@aol.com _____Treasurer, Alabama League of the South
Editor’s note: America, God shed his grace on thee. But, what’s in it for us lately? Even President John Kennedy got it right at times: “Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.” Whether it’s a friend, a gang or a nation that sets about on self-destruction, you must intervene. How did it get turned around: a government intruding into our private lives in the name of “patriotism”?
TOTAL REPEAL of the USA/Patriot ACT has been called for by U.S. Congressman Sensenbrenner. Your editor joined as petitioner number 5907. To sign the petition, go to http.7/disc.server.com/discussion.cgi?id=149495&article=32l74 and address the U.S. Congress: “We, the undersigned, hereby declare that anti-terrorism legislation passed by our US Congress since the tragic and murderous September 11,2001 attacks on our nation, seriously damage and infringe upon the constitutional protections that are enshrined in our Bill of Rights... We call upon our elected representatives... to undo these actions which violate the core principles of America. Sincerely... (Add your own commentary which will be read by several thousand like-minded real patriots and, who knows? perhaps even a few of Congressman Sensenbrenner’s colleagues.)	□
Siegelman’s ignorant statement
Diabolical inconsistency
Pawn • Buy Sell • Trade
Guns • Toots Electronics Jewel rv
September 2002 The First Freedom 11
FELLOW TRAVELER Please find enclosed my check for a subscription to your fine paper. I hope to see you at the Fall Muster in October. Yours for unfettered, constitutional liberty and republican state sovereignty,
BILL ANTHONY Tallassee
(Wouldn't miss that conspiracy for a ton of grits. -Ed.]


HIS BATTLE IS WON I have not heard from Dr. Pierce's National Alliance this month.
As I do not have a computer, would you check this and let me know if they are still active?
I expect the government to shut it down and probably imprison Dr. Pierce.	NATHAN	GAMBLE
Bon Secour
(Dr. William L. Pierce, founder and Chairman of the National Alliance, died on July 23, 2002, after a battle with cancer lasting less than one month. Prior to his sudden disability. Dr. Pierce maintained his 80-hours-per-week schedule of writing and broadcasting on behalf of people of European descent, almost without pause, for 36 years. As of press time, his www.natvan.com was still active. -Ed]
FIGHTER Sorry I haven't been able to present to you an article more specifically addressing the topic of discussion in your excellent publication regarding the license/registration issue. I was arrested last month; an APB had been put out on me because I am openly and notoriously challenging the authority and jurisdiction of “The State" to compel everyone to first get its permission prior to using the roads we own. Rather than try to explain the gory details, read the story. My arrest warrant for alleged “failure to appear" was issued by one judge, signed by another, no return date nor any particular court. Immediately after my arrest, the specially appointed judge recused himself and they appointed another judge who also recused himself, whereupon they appointed another. I had filed a writ of habeas corpus, and they botched that up. Then I filed another one, and also had filed a demand for a bond reduction hearing. The fact is, and the record shows, I was never notified to appear and had inquired of the court what was going on! I finally got out of jail after two weeks in solitary confinement, without paying the plundering parasitic scum any money, as they had requested a $25,000.00 bond on this drivers license issue in which I have never failed to appear upon proper notice! Anyway, I’m attaching an article I wrote for your consideration. The point that I had intended to make to your readers is, why does one have to be licensed/registered in the first instance? Everyone seems to be worried about the slogan on the plate, without realizing the legislature had no power to compel them to get the plate in the first instance! That is, unless they are engaged in some specific privileged use of an automobile which can be lawfully taxed. May our Heavenly Father bless and keep you safe in these troubled times. DAVID G. BAUGH
Sullivan, MO (Precisely such police tactics brought me to undertake The First Freedom. See www.gulftel.com/homefree/16.htm for my second jailing for resisting. -Ed.]
HOLOCAUST FOREVER Steve - Saw your email to Olaf Childress on the two articles. I can't judge what you say about the 1850s revolution, but I have read Fred Lcucliter's stuff and it makes sense to me. He’s not the only one who thinks the so-called Holocaust is way overblown. If he is right, most of the Jews and others who did die, died from diseases, overwork, and other causes — but not gas — and there apparently were nowhere near six million of them. Just my opinion...
TYRONE CROWLEY Prattville

Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, hut will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page I.)
DISAVOWAL Dear Compatriot Hestley: I arrived home from Memphis Saturday to find a copy of The First Freedom newspaper at my house. An article from you was printed in this publication along with the SCV logo. I do not know if you gave permission for this, for Olaf has run letters to the editor I have written to other papers before. What is disturbing is that your article and our logo appear directly across the page from an article by David Duke. Given the media attention lately I hope you will check the publications before allowing reprints of your press statements. Confellerately,
JOE RINGHOFFER Camp 11
I did not authorize your use of the SCV logo with any commentary of mine. Furthermore, I do not recall giving you permission to print anything. Please be advised to remove any such connection to my quoted remarks and issue a correction. My remarks do not represent the opinion nor the position of the SCV in any shape or form. Compatriot Ringhoffer, I have no way of reviewing anything Mr. Childress prints. If he has used one of my*letters to the editor in his publication, I have no control over that and I emphatically object to the use of the SCV logo in connection with anything I have said in letters to the editor. Idealogues do not see the danger or the connection between license and objective reporting. Sincerely,
BENJAMIN M. HESTLEY Chief of Heritage Defense Alabama Division, SCV
It has come to my attention that you printed the official SCV logo in one of your recent issues of The First Freedom. I must inform you that use of the SCV logo is reserved for SCV Camps, Annies, International SCV Headquarters and official SCV publications and that no use of the SCV logo by an entity outside the SCV is permitted without the written permission of the International Headquarters of the Sons of Confederate Veterans. As such, I find it necessary to ask you to cease using the SCV logo in your publication and to not use it again unless you receive written permission to use the SCV logo from the International Headquarters of the Sons of Confederate Veterans. I am sure this is a singular incident and that you were not aware of these restrictions on the use of the SCV logo. Unfortunately, there have been several recent instances where International Headquarters had to threaten legal action in order to stop outside entities from using the SCV logo. I am sure that will not be the case here as I am equally
sure you realize the need for the SCV to diligently guard the use of our organizations logo. A copy of this email is also being sent to Alabama Division Commander David Allen and SCV National Director of Marketing and Media Relations, Lynda Moreau.	TIM	STEADMAN
Chief of Staff, Alabama Division Sons of Confederate Veterans |l regret having caused so much grief, and will sin no more forever. -Ed.)
OUR SOUTHERN ROOTS.
The current yakity yak yak about the racist takeover of the SCV reminds me of the scare Lyndon Johnson put into “the people** in 1964 when he painted conservative Barry Goldwater as an “extremist war-monger" who would use atomic bombs to “destroy the world." Johnson won that election. And so did the NAACP. Pcecee got its start. Everybody's diversity was tolerated but yours. The *^Civil Rights Division" took over your Justice Department. Suing for Civil Rights violations became the order of the day. Employers don’t even fight them anymore. They just settle for big bucks. And the SCV members have been doing the two-step around the racist label ever since to keep it from sticking. So you might as well quit worrying about what “they" are going to say about you. We know that we are not racists. But “they" are going to say it anyway. Running from the label will get you nowhere. Take a look around. Those guys tippy-toeing around the racist label are beginning to “all look alike" to me. If you are determined to play defense instead of offense, it is so much simpler and easier to just abandon your heritage today, surrender your principles tomorrow, and lose your self-respect forever. Get it over with. Why do it a little bit at the time.	JOE	M.	MILLER
Winnsboro, TX | You have a good grasp on reality. Sir. Unfortunately, the Jew World Order has a complete grasp on our media. -Ed.]
YOU HEARD IT HERE The Georgia Flags, now in their 18th month, may be the largest story of citizen action censored by the media in the history of American journalism. They began right after Governor Roy “The Rat" Barnes and his cronies took down, against the will of 70% of the people, their Flag of Georgia. He is subservient to the corporate book-cookers who infest this state and who eliminate local history and pride for the sake of bigger markets and fatter bottom lines. The very first Georgia Flagging was on a rainy Saturday in March, 2001 and it covered 40 miles and three towns, dogging a public relations train led by Georgia's
300 pound Lieutenant Governor Mark Taylor. Both Barnes and Taylor when up for election in 1998, publicly promising to leave the flag issue alone, were planning already their Pearl Harbor/9-11 style attack with the book-cookers and lackey Georgia Chamber of Commerce.
JOHN BLACK www.dixiedepot.com Dawsonville, GA
LIBERTARIAN PARTY I'm glad you're asking. It shows that you are wanting to be informed. I'll be honest with you and let you know that some of our candidates were just members willing to stand up and do something. It's their first time out, and many are green as can be. It's our first team, and we're gonna weed out the winners from the losers. I tried to find a place for everyone willing to run. We've never put up such a huge slate, and I pray that all of our candidates are genuine and of good character. As we become more successful, those with less than honorable goals will seek office under our banner. Such is the price of success, and we need to do all we can to root out those evils.
MARK BODENHAUSEN Chmn. LP of AL, Birmingham (Governor hopeful John Sophocleus of the LP is the only candidate for that office who opposes the rewriting of our Alabama Constitution. -Ed.)
DARK CONTINENT BLACKOUT Thanks for sending the “Heart of Dixie" stickers. What is happening in the former nation of Rhodesia in Africa? There has been a media blackout as to the fate of the white farmers and attempted hostile takeover of their farms. Wish I knew where I could get better coverage of significant world news. Americans are treated like mushrooms: kept in the dark and fed manure.	MARTHA	HENNING
Silvestull
(Nothing of interest to the controlled media in Africa, for their assignment there is accomplished. The boycott of South Africa and institution of a savage, communist regime — same as the coup in Rhodesia — is all of a single worldwide conspiracy. Decades ago, the Jew World Order set about to expel the civilizing colonial administrations of Europe in order to enslave that entire continent under their own aegis. Naturally gold and diamond rich South Africa came first. Next come the fertile plantations of Rhodesia. Jews exploit Blacks in order to rule, as described in the article below which started on page 3. Nothing we can do for Africa until we recover complete news coverage in our own country. The media is where we lost it; that's where we'll regain our heritage. -Ed.)
Saving Western civilization is critical to all races
(Continued from page 3) everywhere continue to use the Holocaust as a tool for extracting money from gentiles, whether through movies (more than 400 have been made on this subject). Holocaust museums, “reparations" (more than a billion from the Swiss, billions from German companies, etc.) and the like. There is a saying widely used among Jews which goes, “There’s no business like Shoah [Holocaust] business." Can you figure out why the Jewish establishment has been so eager to suppress questioning of the HolocauSSSt dogma?
■	FACT: Israel is the only “Western" country to legally sanction torture, and the Israeli Defense Forces use bone-breaking and shoot-to-maim policies against Palestinians, and even reporters. Furthermore, Israel forbids marriages of Jews to non-Jews, just like nazi Germany.
■	FACT: Jewish political influence has been the principal force attempting to nullify our Constitution, and particularly the freedoms enjoyed under the Bill of Rights. For example, Jews have been the major force behind “gun control" (i.e., the attempt to nullify the Second Amendment),
integration and affirmative action (to nullify freedom of association), “hate crimes" (laying the foundation for suppressing freedom of speech), immigration (introducing large numbers of unassimilable nonwhites which will effectively destroy American culture and ideals), anti-militia statutes and similar efforts.
Personally, I find the above facts disturbing, and 1 would think that any rational person would also find them so. But what I find even more disturbing is the pattern which the above facts show, namely a clear and continuing program by Jews -not all Jews, of course, but an efTort clearly Jewish in nature - to destroy American and Western society by such devices as communism, undermining the constitution, manipulating the media, and fomenting racial strife with immigration, integration, multiculturalism, and anti-white policies such as affirmative action; all while extracting billions in “guilt money" through the Holocaust fraud. These facts, and the pattern which they show, need to be publicized as widely as possible; and yet the fact that the major media are in Jewish hands makes it extremely difficult to do so, not
merely because there is no access to the media for such facts but because the media have engaged in a program of conditioning people to disbelieve such facts because they are “racist."
A major purpose of my website is to provide documentation and discussion of facts discussed here and a great many related ones. The problems entailed by these facts do not lend themselves to simple solutions, but their discussion is vital for the continued survival of America and that unique race - the white race - which built Western civilization. In fact, the resolution of these problems is critical to all races because the modem world is based on the civilizing influence of Western culture, and its destruction will foredoom a return to barbarism.
In the few short months that my website has been up, I have had thousands of visitors as a result of word of mouth alone, and hundreds of other sites now link to mine. I invite you to hear the “other side" of the race question by reading the articles on this site. Click www.thcbirdman.org to get to the home page and table of contents.
12 The First Freedom September 2002
- Let there be light —
“The fix” is in for Social Security
By Tom Smith
A couple of years ago. President Bush established a new commission to fix social security. Well, the “fix*' is in, and that’s exactly what it is: another scam to fleece wage earners. The plan to let us invest 2% of our FICA contributions in the stock market - big deal! — called ''Strengthening Social Security and Creating Personal Wealth'* would create personal wealth with a 2% weekly investment? Lots of luck!
In 1981 President Reagan, recognizing the baby-boomers' retiring would impact social security, ordered a study. In 1983 the Greenspan Commission recommended that FICA withholdings be doubled, to create a trust fund savings and enable the baby-boomers* retirement. "Contributions" were doubled from 6.1% to 12.2%, and the trust fund assets began to grow.
In 1985 Reagan and the Congress were
Terminal Phase
Assuming we muster the foresight, in spite of media diversions at every turn, and institute online democracy among eligible voters having complete custody of their computer terminals, how might it work?
The internet franchise, when debating appropriations, would be limited to mature and responsible taxpayers, public welfare recipients and certain others voting only a narrow range of issues. I know; yes, I know this sounds impossible given today’s mind massage. But, say history repeats itself and the pacified provinces unexpectedly turn upon their degenerate conquerors.
What is not possible? Assume District Representative Jones having been elected, upon pledging complete accountability by electronic communications momentarily updated around the clock. Automatically, he receives the following subscriptions qualifying for rightful access to his online legislative agenda:
1.	) Mike and Teresa work full time, are seldom active in politics. They vote every four years, and stay sufficiently aware of technological developments to know what electronic democracy is about. Their home computer modem requests Mr. Jones to vote every issue, on behalf of them both, as Teresa’s Uncle Dan instructs. The latter is a known and trusted relative of like mind, an online voter in the district and well-versed for the latest political debates. Rep. Jones’s terminal recognizes two delegated votes recoverable immediately anytime upon its own authority by either of the pair.
2.	) Natania is a non-working single mother of three small children. She’s been on the dole her entire adult life, has never bothered to vote. Lacking computer access but properly identified, she may still walk in and vote for political candidates in the next general election. But Rep. Jones is not pledged to vote government subsidies for net tax consumers. On such matters, he’ll be directed by taxpayers and their proxies.
3.	) Ramon and Maria have subscribed to a cooperative exchange which provides its members with group insurance and prints an ethnic newsletter. It publishes special interest advisories and, as their proxy, will vote the two franchises wholly or in any of the presently recognized categories. Ramon's current setup calls for the co-op | to vote only immigration matters for him, for he has another corporate entity voting all remaining categories in his stead. Maria | votes her own tax appropriations category, leaving all others for the co-op to decide. In this case. Rep. Jones’s modem recognizes one franchise account without vote, one limited franchise account and three limited delegate accounts.
4.) Joe and Jane operate a business out of their home office containing a complete information processing center. They know the issues and many government officers. This gives them no unfair advantage over other voters. However, their own reasoned positions are more clearly articulated into the ongoing public debate. One-of-a-kind code identification symbols known only to
deadlocked over raising the national debt limit. Treasury Secretary Baker announced that, to pay interest on outstanding Treasury Securities, he needed to "disinvest" the Social Security Trust Fund. Congress was shocked to hear any mention of using trust fund assets for purposes other than as the law prescribed. So it was agreed, afler a lengthy congressional hearing, that Baker could "borrow'* the money from the trust fund until the debt limit could be raised, at which point he must return the money to the trust fund. Baker borrowed the money. It was never returned.
Now the Social Security Trust Fund has $1.2 trillion in IOUs: money taken out by the government and spent on sidewalks for Fairhopc. the dredging of Dog River near Congressman Callahan's home, hundreds of congressional pork programs. There is no money in the trust fund for the
By Olaf Childress
themselves and Rep. Jones assure them when reading the tallies that such input was properly catalogued, as the home terminal is macroinstructed to find known symbols and recorded votes from among the many having unfamiliar identifications. Joe and Jane vote “just in time” on every issue. That is, they reserve the option to change their minds till the last minute. This allows expert advisers who've been given limited terminal input access to post categorical opinions for consideration, which become the elections by default if not overridden. Jane delegates Dr. Franklin to inform most of her choices regarding self-reliance and obligatory insurance law, Joe calls on Apex Intelligence to advise his military readiness petitions. These consultants have entrance, but, only Joe and Jane can send the final votes. Rep. Jones has no contact with such agent accounts lacking delegate authority.
Of the above examples, all the interim mandates were automatically activated by computer commands at their proper times according to preset voter instructions, and the general election votes for government officers were transmitted electronically in each except Natania*s case.
Alarms would sound anytime Mr. Jones receives more than one vote on the same coded category instance, the authorized sender being automatically informed of that duplicity and asked to alter his cipher before continuing, said franchise-holder or his authorized proxy then selecting a new identification code from among currently available symbols.
All public records are thus continually posted online, and “just in time” is hardly anticipated as the habit for everyone. In fact, one legitimate way to influence the choices of others would be by voting early. Interim tabulations can indicate, by region and other breakdowns, intentions subject to revision until the moment of final tally. With verification symbols alongside these commonly visible accounts, sophisticated proxies might rotate their signs, for reasons of security implementing one set of codes before the vote, another after.
Online publication has to be limited, of course, by Mr. Jones’s capacity to oversee such automatically retrieved and tabulated posts from constituents and their proxies. It could at no time exceed practical limits. To be useful, information has to agree with the processes of human logic which, insofar more complicated than any modem, do not move with the speed of simple electronic zero-or-one signals.
Questions persist as to whether online democracy might ever be completely safe from unauthorized tampering. As is widely known, hackers have successfully injected destructive viruses into computers on many occasions, crippling entire networks right from day one, usually with impunity. In the meantime, however, some unusually effective countermeasures have come into use. But how long will they work, as the science continues advancing? Online
baby-boomers* retirement.
So what do you think the President’s new commission to fix social security has to say about this mess? Nothing!
Do they recommend that government stop looting the tnist fund? Heavens no! That would offend certain Congressmen who have a penchant for spending. Their report simply glosses over the problems, and says that in 2039 the trust fund will run out of money. However, starting in 2016, annual payments will exceed income, when the government must find the resources to redeem those trust fund "bonds,” the IOUs. These resources must "come from higher taxes, public borrowing, or reductions in other spending programs.” Is that classic government double-talk, or what? We run out of money in the trust fund in 2039, but will have to re-tax you starting in 2016.
Enough! The report is totally inadequate.
My recommendation is much more simple. Since the government is looting every penny of savings in the trust fund, stop paying that extra 6.1%; let people invest this money tax-free as they see fit. In 10 to 20 years this could become a significant savings, and government would not be able to recklessly spend the money on frivolous projects. By the way, the Low Cost Estimate for social security shows a savings in 75 years of $53 trillion dollars, and never a deficit in any single year. It takes a lot of detail to back up this statement which will not fit into the present article, but it’s the best course to follow.
Unfortunately, our government cannot conceive of anything Low Cost. The new commission ignores this plan. Well, why not! It would require the government to lay off the trust fund, and replace the money looted to date.
The Big Lie at noon
Things quite beyond the mediacracy’s
checks and balances have to be continually updated, for only vigilance would assure an acceptable degree of security.
One argument for online democracy is the speed with which it can respond to just such dangers as the internet is bringing us, ready or not We must guard this freedom of sending and receiving messages, and quickly agree at each turn how best to keep legitimate traffic moving unimpeded.
I know the prospects are frightening; yet there's no time for paralysis. If we fail to act forthwith, our masters will handle the enterprise: all proxies thereafter reporting to the latter. Even under online democracy, compromises must still be reached within legislatures. Accepting and going out to meet the inevitable shouldn’t eliminate, or even diminish, the competition of ideas in our future political debates - but rather the opposite. Unlike a liberal intellectual’s search for some utopian land without strife, let us celebrate this limited triumph, satisfied and delighted if we but bring back into style real diversity among individuals, communities and states.
Who needs those endless opinion polls by the major media, with their concocted interpretations of what the numbers prove? Once public debate is no longer censored for political correctness, when taxpayers come to rule. our reopened paths will lead to revelations. It’s imperative for the masses to seize control of the information highway, let pundits call self-government what they may.
Such a task won’t be easy, for few seem prepared to consider how thoroughly they have been brainwashed. The Big Lie era has seen the mediacracy’s opinion-shaping skills taken beyond the finest arts of human ingenuity. Its overlords have, through long practice, established their brazenly false credentials for speaking the minds of us couch potatoes - when, in fact, those polls return only the answers they smile upon. The propaganda conspiracy thus results in a coordinated slant on the news, Bilderberg collectively deciding which topics are to be pushed in what direction and how far. They frame this credibility for investigating and dutifully reporting nothing but the facts; toward which end, we are told, nothing stands in their way. F.ach anchorpcrson has to be speaking truly, if the story jibes with what all those other APs are saying, no?
In this way the Zionist mcdiacracy is continually agitating for early realization here of its long-term goal. That celebrated consistency is a joke, however, to anybody accessingforeign news sources, especially via the internet. The media gurus can sec their monopoly game is about over, earlier assertions that time was on the left side of history notwithstanding. Either they're winning or losing the propaganda war, as all of them know. Leftism, schmeftism, they will happily push environmentalism, multiculturalism, homosexualism, any schmaltz that keeps them on the road to glory. But their days are numbered, the fig leaf is gone.
control, to its surprise and horror, appear lately in the realm of information gathering and processing. Those media barons are more worried and perplexed today than back when the AIDS story interrupted their herpes apocalypse. At that time we had but recently stumbled upon Clan Bilderberg’s conspiracy, most of its secret meetings at taxpayer expense on mountaintop retreats and other secluded hideaways, but it was not yet possible to guess what resolutions were issuing from those gatherings to the useful idiots. And, just as a crumbling communism has begotten no redeeming ideology, such “intellectuals” - reduced to power-seeking imposters - begin losing their knack as well for innovative tactical ideas; all previous instructions to the mcdiacracy having become predictable:
1.	) Tag along behind fellow-traveling, poLiticalLy-correct public figures day and night, ready camera and pencil at hand “Interpret” their deeds and utterances in whatever context best serves our One World goal. Look away from the glitches.
2.	) But, anytime defending a colleague becomes so embarrassing as to threaten our remnant credibility, and it's a mischief that can't be excused or fixed, slap that friend on the wrist - in order to look like we’re checking such shenanigans as escape to the public’s attention—without repudiating the offender outright. (Safeguard his prospects for early rehabilitation once it's down the memory hole.)
3.	) Forget the couch potatoes, they don’t count. Stalk those who purposely resist our dogma. Travel armed, day and night, with ready camera and notepad. Publish only such parts of their deeds and speeches as prove useful to that goal. Put an effective “commentary" up front a rebuttal after. Emphasize their glitches. Out-of-context quotes work great! And when they finally come around, pat yourself on the back.
4.	) Should an elected official boldly and defiantly threaten our painstakingly-built dominance, follow the communications leaders to a fully regimented annihilation of that intruder's arguments. Your energy and influence must warn off sundry public servants entertaining similar ideas. When concentrating such firepower, don't bother to worry about those under our control They’ll never recognize what's happening.
End of Pundit's Pledge. Now, note that he's seriously to regard only public figures, for, inasmuch as each of these represents a larger constituent body, the propaganda economy of scale becomes obvious When ordinary Joes and Janes see the few giants endunng relentless trivial pursuit by such media midgets, other political aspirants will think twice before objecting out loud to unconstitutional power plays and slanted news coverage determining what is and isn't "law.” But let no self-appointed god think he has rewritten a single line of true law, for the natural God teaches us to be nobody's slaves. Virtue cannot accept impotence indefinitely.