SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-lime readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.” But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
Afolume 4 Number 11
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state
■ what only individuals can chew. cd ml T.
It s time we recovered
those powers not delegated.
www.gulftel.com/homefree
November 2002
Traitors, treason, and the 14th Amendment lie
By Lisa Guliani
"If ever the American citizen should be left to the free exercise of his own judgment, it is when he is engaged in the work offorming the fundamental law under which he is to live. That work is his work, and it cannot properly be taken out of his hands."	—	President	Andrew	Johnson,
in his Veto message on the Reconstruction Act of March 2,1867
The first shots of the Civil War rang out April 12,1861 and what followed came to be known as the bloodiest war in American history with more than half a million casualties. Our history books tell us that the Civil War ended on April 19, 1865. They also tell us that one of the reasons for the Civil War was the slavery issue. Another reason for the fighting of brother against brother, at least according to historical texts and those who actually engaged in the battle, had to do with regard to individual state sovereignty. The Northern states wanted a centralized form of government which would be controlled out of Washington. The Southern states wanted a decentralized government with limited involvement. These are issues that human beings felt strongly enough about and believed in passionately enough to risk their lives fighting for. Hundreds of thousands of lives were lost in this war that, in reality, was intentionally instigated by the powcrs-tbai’bcj&orsc still is that the Civil War was waged for neither reason. It was waged to further the enslavement of every person in America.
Moreover, this conspiracy was set in place prior to the Civil War, and it included the Civil War and the so-called “14th Amendment” to the Constitution. The War between the States was all part of a planned strategic maneuver with one goal in mind — totalitarianism - and was but one stepping stone along the road toward the situation we find ourselves in today with respect to how this country is being run and what’s really going on with our “rights.” What we have today is a socialistic and communistic corporate, militaristic governing entity, and the international bankers factor into this scenario. But they didn’t work alone in their evildoing. They were fully aided and abetted in gaining their current stranglehold upon Americans by the traitorous members of the United States Congress.
The 14th Amendment
What is ironic about the 14th “Amendment” is that it didn't even apply or pertain to the very people it was supposedly drafted to protect — the blacks who were brought to this country in chains and forced to become slaves in both the North and the South. They had no say in the ratification of this so-called amendment, and one could arguably state that freed slaves of that time held no property or licenses with the government, and did not engage in
business transactions with said government. The 14th Amendment was simply another means of forcing something else upon them - citizenship. Nobody ever asked these people if they wanted to be citizens of this country. They were used as pawns for the justification of the unconstitutional 14th Amendment.
The 14th Amendment not only failed (and continues to fail) to protect the People, it threatens our very way of life and steals from us our personal freedom, property rights, and our right to self-govern. It serves only the corporate entity known as the United States and is a gross act of war against the Constitution for the United States of America. It spits in the face of the Preamble to our Constitution, and remains the lie that helped enslave an entire nation.
The 14th Amendment was never properly ratified by V* of the states of the Union, as is mandated by the Constitution. Senators from eleven Southern states at the time (39th Congress) were denied seating in both Houses of Congress by a majority vote of Senators and Congressmen from the North because they rejected it. This exclusion of legitimate state representatives was, of course, in violation of the Constitution, which reads in Article V: “No State, without its consent, shall be deprived of equal suffrage in the Senate.” Yet, 22 Senators and 58 Representatives were voted out by their sister states in the North.
The fully functioning and Constitutional States that rejected the proposed 14th Amendment were: Texas, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, North Carolina, Arkansas, South Carolina, Kentucky, Virginia, Louisiana, Delaware, Maryland, Mississippi, Ohio, and New Jersey.
The “rebel” states, as they were called, all had legal legislatures and were fully recognized as States of the Union. One of them, Virginia, belonged to the original thirteen states of the Union. What a slap in the face! Since the “rebel” states were deemed to be impediments to the ratification of the lie, Congress decided to get them out of the way. It passed the unconstitutional “Reconstruction Acts” for the purpose of removing the legitimate legislatures of these opposing states and replacing them with unlawful military fake governments which then — conveniently enough - suddenly voted in favor of ratification of the 14th Amendment Wow! Just like that. Every “rebel” state was suddenly “okay” with passage of the lie. Amazing what a little “martial law” can do to change a vote, isn't it?
Each of the “rebel” states that had been denied representation ultimately filed a formal protest against the alleged ratification of the lie known as the 14th Amendment, and against the Congress for being denied the right to equal suffrage in the Senate. They also declared the 14th Amendment unlawful, null, and void. It would seem they had every good reason for doing so. Apparently these protests were ignored, because today the 14th Amendment is peddled as a legitimate piece of legislation and remains in place. How can it be so when Congress acted in such violation of its guiding mandates.in the Constitution?
Answer. It can't. The Congress, in violating the organic Constitution on multiple occasions, committed acts of treason.
The 14th Amendment of 1866 is a sham. It served as the key that unlocked and opened the door for ultimate control of
TVo Southern lads draw a pair of swords from the rack at Marbury's Oct. 5 Confederate Fall Master. Here's praying that Owen Pierce (I) of Tuscaloosa and Stefan Fornientano (r) of Helena never use them, bat that’s up to the Northern War Party. Do not attack our homeland again, foreigners! (Story on page 7.)
America's wealth to the internationalists. What effects has it had upon the People of this Nation?
It's pretty clear. Not only has it utterly failed to free those individuals who were brought to this land by means of chains, it has shackled all of us to tyrannical oppression. The Nth Amendment Lie and the “Reconstruction Acts” drew a dividing line in the sand between Congress and the Constitution for the United States of America. Our de facto government now basically operates according to Amendments XI “XXVI (11-26) and, while it pretends to defer to and respect the guiding documents of this Nation, its actions contradict this and its words are empty.
Under the 14th Amendment lie. Common Law has been kicked out the door of the House of our Republic and replaced with Civil Law. We are at the mercy of “Courts of Summary Judgment” that have enlarged powers over us. Who or what stands between the average Citizen and Government? No one and nothing.
Thanks to the Traitors of Congress, under the 14th Amendment the citizen with a lowercase “c” loses control of his health, his wealth, his property, his children, and his future. Forget prosperity. Americans are paying for the Congress' debauchery with blood, sweat, tears, and of course, our Federal Reserve Note, which we are told is real money, when it isn't.
The States of the Union ace subjected to economic and political blackmail under the Nth Amendment lie. If they refuse to go along with proposed legislation, they are denied needed funding by the de facto government We the People are denied our right to personal freedom, and state and local governance is becoming a memory as more and more control is taken by the federal government thugs. Under the lie. we are told we are not to question the "public debt.” That should read congressional debt, since it was the Congress which agreed to whore itself and America to the international bankers in the first place.
Section 4 of the 14th Amendment states:
“The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law. including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned.*
Are they kidding, or what? They aren't kidding when they use the term "public servant.” Unfortunately, it more readily applies to the average citizen than to employees of the de facto thug factory we call “government” in this country. We have become the public servants under this 14th Amendment. Oh. and the answer to my question at the beginning of this paragraph is: No. they aren't kidding. The meaning is very clear. Pay up, and shut up. Are we all feeling free and easy so far? Good, let’s keep moving right along.
As for the “slavery” issue, the only difference today is that “We, the Slaves” are not individually and privately owned. We arc now under corporate ownership of the United States political entity. So, in contradiction to its pro-14th Amendment propaganda, the lie serves only to enslave more people, and not the other way around. We are subjects created by the traitors in Congress, and, therefore we can be taxed and taxed and taxed into infinity. Who is to stop this from continuing? Our founding Fathers arc long dead, but are probably rolling in their graves over what has become of America. I wonder if they can be taxed for that.
2 The First Freedom November 2002	— A different slant On the neWS —
dBferaWAT WAS IGNORED OR MISREPORTED ELSEWHERE
Biloxi suffers biggest media blitz of stormy season
WHEN LAWMAKERS RETIRE, they
GONE WITH THE WIND. As Tropical Storm Isidore hit the shores at Biloxi the first week of October, Black beach bum Jason Whitfield was nowhere around. His sponsors, the media, disappointed with God but not their man, made do by lauding this courageous Battle Flag protester’s seventy-seven day bivouac among sand fleas and ratsnakes, a record to be proud of. Local police had never allowed camping here for even a single week, but we don’t blame their belated lenience. Intolerant of how Harrison County voters may decide this Battle Flag issue on November 5, the mediacracy continues its storming.
AND, AS FOR THE “WINDY CITY,” Chicago’s city council on October 2, 2002 passed an ordinance requiring any company doing business there to search its records and disclose whether it or a predecessor firm had ever profited from slavery. What made you think that city’s mad cow had kicked the bucket? Several California insurers have admitted they or their predecessors once wrote policies insuring the property of slaveholders prior to the North’s attack on the South, and we know that whatever happens in la la land will come not only to Chicago, but a theater near you.
“VETO OF BILL GETS MIXED REVIEWS,” headlined the Orange County Register on Wednesday, October 2, 2002. But it wasn’t much of a mix. This biased newspaper was spending its ink pleading the case for illegals lacking a California driver’s license, who had hoped Gov. Gray Davis would sign legislation permitting certain “undocumented” aliens to receive licenses. “Many immigrants are angry they won’t be able to drive legally; opponents of the bill praise Davis’ action,” intoned the paper, interviewing at length five who were for the bill and, briefly, one dissenter: “Tm totally against anything given to (illegal immigrants),’ said Dave Lopez, who is active in Santa Ana neighborhood issues. ’Those privileges only belong to the citizens.' ’’This bill would reportedly have licensed one million immigrants.
THE REAL GEORGIA FLAG is sweeping a 400 mile wide swath on its march from the sea to Atlanta, taking no prisoners. “King Roy” and his gang of thieves (Le., Georgia Governor Roy Barnes and all those legislators having conspired against the people in sucking up to their media pals, secretly adopting a peecee rag to replace the state insignia) have now been flagged for 85 straight weeks. Not only do those cowards get it anywhere they attempt a stump speech, patriots are buying thousands of dollars worth of ads in the same newspapers such politicians had thought were trusted fellow whores. In the wake of this army, 800 flag poles sporting the real Georgia flag have been erected, countless flyers, yard signs and bumper stickers dispensed, voters registered — and now they’re closing in on Hotlanta.
The First Freedom
PO Box 385, Silverhill. AL 36576 Email: homcfrcc@gulftel.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Caperton, Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton, Nick Jongebloed, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Taylor. Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-ycar subscription by mail anywhere in U.S.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only nihil ahcTIocalHyvfin be prftitHT
BOMBER BUSH, your clients are lining up. Reduced to zapping Russian choppers, the Chechens now hide in the Panldsi Gorge of northeastern Georgia, three kilometers wide by 30 in length, but rugged. Tbilisi has not been able to seize control there. The gorge shelters gangs specializing in drug trafficking, weapons smuggling and kidnaping. In February, Georgian President Shevardnadze hinted he might turn to the United States for help. Why not? Georgia lies in the rich oil-producing region of the Caspian Sea. The U.S. is already paying troops to guard an Occidental pipeline in Colombia, helping defend other oil companies in Indonesia against lawsuits charging gross violations of human rights, has dispatched troops to oust the Taliban from Afghanistan cities, installed a pro-American government in Kabul, and is now preparing to invade Iraq.
NO DISCRIMINATION HERE. They had been flying on poles along Columbus, Ohio’s Civic Center Drive near city hall for at least 30 years, but all fifty state flags had to come down. Mayor Michael Coleman simply couldn’t stand looking at those Hate Symbols there among the righteous ones -but didn’t want to hurt anybody’s feelings, not even those barbarians in the Hate States. So His Honor decided last spring, after hearing complaints that some of them contained Confederate crosses, to just ban the flags of all 50 states. Seems those of Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Mississippi were holding back his futuristic idea of one flag fits all. (Forget red and white, it’s pale blue.) No public announcement was made.
MONEY CAN’T BUY back innocence once you’re “diverse.” Auburn has spent 5500,000 In creating Its new Diversity < Center, and Kai Mumpfield as president of the Black Student Union at AU says “Students will get the chance to voice their opinions, and they will know that this has not been swept under the rug.” Remember those Halloween pranksters in costumes last year at a private party, some dressed as KKK and others in black face? Could they have been posing for the captive media’s assigned mission to cleanse our South of its culture, with photos that would touch off such ranting righteousness by the leftist faculty and media; or were they just having fun? We think the latter, for, although undecided whether they’re Tigers or Eagles, surely a few pussycats there still have humor.
NOT A DIME’S WORTH of difference between the Alabama Governor candidates Republicrat Bob Riley and our incumbent Dummycan Don Siegelman? The media will scarcely admit he exists, but many who inform themselves via the back door of the internet are opting for Libertarian John Sophocleus and voting for the man instead of a “race horse” likelier to win. Could this be another fluke election like the one that saw Reverend Guy Hunt come in through the back door of the Governor’s Mansion when people had their fill of the two mudslinging “also-rans,” Baxley and Graddick?
UNITED being their first name it’s no surprise that, once the media mania to cleanse Vanderbilt University of the “C” word reached fevered pitch, the United Daughters of the Confederacy would line up together and fight back. Peecee Vandy had declared that its dormitory built 67 years ago with UDC financial support was to be renamed, grinding the bad word from Confederate Memorial Hall’s stone inscription out front No way, said Tennessee’s UDC Division, in its suit on Oct. 17 at the Davidson County Chancery Court to stop that move: the dormitory was built as a monument and memorial to Confederate soldiers.
continue to draw the same pay, except it may increase from time to time for cost of living adjustments. For example, former Senator Byrd and Congressman White and their wives may receive $7,800,000, their wives $275,000, during the last years of their lives calculated on average life spans for each. This excellent plan has cost them $00.00. Nada. Zilch. Our Senators and Congress men and women do not pay into Social Security nor collect from it. Such benefits weren’t suitable for persons of their rare elevation in society. A special plan was needed. So, many years ago, they voted in their own benefit plan. This little perk they voted for themselves is free. To them, at least. You and I get the tab. And, if the other 49 states see nothing wrong with that arrangement, we here in Alabama are tired of it. Our first Tax Moratorium Day comes sometime around mid-April. For further details, see page 3.
“WE WERE WARNED, and in the early years of our Republic, we heeded that warning. Today, though, we are entangled in everyone’s affairs throughout the world, and we are less safe as a result... The information the average American gets from the major media outlets, with their obvious bias, only makes the problem worse. Who would ever guess that the side that loses seven people to every one on the other side is portrayed as the sole aggressor and condemned for being terrorists? We should remember that Palestinian deaths are seen by most Arabs as being American-inspired, since it is our weapons that are being used against them, and they’re the ones whose land has been continually taken from them.” — U.S. Rep. Ron Paul (R), TX
THE FIRST FREEDOM will take some heat for this one. No problem, we’re used to that narrow-mindedness which poses as broad-mindedness — the relentless media attack on whatever “hate group” we’re told to hate each week - queer-duck freedom of speech that censors every counterpoint. In Biloxi, where they've made giant strides in dividing the populace, the police react on cue, and a Nov. 5th ballot will determine if the media have conquered another Battle Flag. NAACPies are always the good guys, the KKK is evil, and any Southern heritage group that wants to take the bait and join the enemy there is temporarily welcome. But real broad-mindedness would consider the facts: A far greater number of Whites are hated and killed by Blacks than the other way around. Black leadership having been heavily influenced by Jewish money, and its media, to rampage. Professing only interest in survival of the White race, not violence, the Klan is likewise infiltrated by Jew money — for negative media influence.
CONGRESS SHALL MAKE NO LAW respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. Yet Congress isn’t in charge of the law; our media goons feel they’re handling that job quite well. Otherwise, how would we get from here to the New World Order? The Generals salute their new rules, the President too; and our “representatives,” along with the police departments in most every town, do the same.
GUN GRABBERS ECSTATIC, all is going by the book: the Zionist Manifesto. Schumer and Co. can fire away now with unconstitutional legislation, and no doubt some of what emerges on the Washington snipers will be true. But, do you suppose the only place they could spot fingerprints here in Alabama was on a gun magazine.
Christian Coalition of Alabama
Learn where the candidates stand on the issues, to be posted at www.ccbama.org by Friday, Nov. 1. Visit the website, copy the information and email it to your friends.
BALDWIN COUNTY WAS HIP, ready to spend tax dollars expanding an overcrowded detention center. But Jerry O’Donnell of St. Elmo had a counterpoint, wanted to do a “Drug Awareness” rally in Robertsdale. Sending a letter to Mayor Charles Murphy and Chief Alan Lassitter outlining the intent of his group to visit Robertsdale City Hall on October 19th to exercise their right to preach abstinence, he got no reply. Starting on September 23rd, these same Southern White Knights began calling city hall about three times a week, trying to speak with the mayor or police chief in order to work out details of this assembly, the secretary answering the phone always having some excuse why they could not be reached. They continued calling until October 1, and on October 14 began faxing letters confirming arrival on the 19th. Each fax included a return phone number, email address and postal mailing address. Arriving at city hall as announced, but having received no reply from the City of Robertsdale, the Knights were met by two patrol cars in the parking lot, an officer asking which of them was Jerry O’Donnell - thus proving receipt of the messages. Stepping forward, O’Donnell learned there was to be no rally, since his group had not applied for a permit. Spuming that rebuke the Knights cited the Bill of Rights, only to be told they were trespassing and would leave or be arrested. Expecting others from Birmingham these went for eats, returning to city hall a couple of times looking for that group. During one of their away trips the other party arrived, was threatened and ordered away, the officer telling them there wasn’t a rally and he knew nothing of one.
IN CAHOOTS with drug dealers? That’s what Jerry O’Donnell suspectsof the Robertsdale police! And if they’re “only” in bed with the media, which is worse? “They may have run us off this time,” says O’Donnell. “Our blunder; we saw it coming, but we’ll be back on April 12th, 2003.1 can guarantee that all the t’s will be crossed and the i‘s dotted. This time it’s not a “Drug Awareness" rally. We’ll be in Robertsdale to protest the city government and their obvious internal corruption. We will protest the violations of our constitutional rights. What was to be a 25-member event will grow. It will grow by leaps and bounds. The City of Citronelle tried to keep us out; we came back twice as many, and rattled windows for three blocks. In Robertsdale, Alabama, on April 12,2003 we will be back.
WHY DIDN’T YOU CONTACT US? the City of Robertsdale will likely gripe when we go there April 12th to hear both sides. No media types having granted the Knights a fair hearing to our knowledge, again The First Freedom may break new ground. Whether approving their message or not, what’s reported will be the truth. Do the police want us to respect - or fear them? Is this KKK chapter seeking justice for the White race - or playing into the hands of its oppressors?
4 £&t 4A4aC& utlcXlo**
£ hot, % hotter'n # hottest One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce + S3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397
PO Box 817 'Magnolia Springs,1 ClSA 36555
I
II
I
1
I
I
I
9
I
iDfi-
1
I
■
■
The Dirty Dozen
A letter-writing campaign begun three months ago has opened a few voters9 eyes - and nostrils -as we stalk the bighorns up on GoatHilL
Apologies to you out-of-state attendees at these regular awards: the recipients can’t be rogues deserving all-South notoriety every time. And The First Freedom does declare its noncosmopolitanism with each issue: “Self-government begins at home.”
But before truncating the list of state senators which follows, please hear what we’re doing. Rather than just complaining about the dismal situation up on Alabama’s Goat Hill, we’ve got a strategy. And, who knows? It might work in any state.
Between the Alabama Coalition and the Christian Coalition, all 35 state senators and 105 representatives along with those seeking to replace them were interviewed, and the voting records of the incumbents tracked on more than 20 key votes over a two-year period. With few exceptions, it turns out that almost the sum of them are beholden to “contributors,” not the people. So the lawmakers aren’t lying, in claiming loyalty to their constituents: i.e., those with whom they stand together. Try to boot die whole legislature? Our resources are too
November 2002 The First Freedom 3
or m asOmv
word gets around; he sees to it
Voters have been urged via the internet to do as much research as they can. “Put your arguments together,” we have told them, “why you’re against the incumbent and for his opponent On an Alabama map, find larger cities in the affected counties, then search for newspaper addresses in those Alabama senate districts. They’re online at website www.n-net.com/al.htm -and, if we replace just one scoundrel with a true Alabamian, it’s a start.”
What follows will be of interest only to Alabama voters. Here are your targets (shown in boldface) followed by the more acceptable challengers we should vote for District 2 - Madison, Limestone, Morgan Butler, Tom (D), 136 Harrington Drive, Madison 35758
Andrews, Steve (R), 16667 Sallie Lane, Harvest 35749
District 3 - Lawrence, Winston, Morgan Roberts, Tommy Ed (D), P.O. Box 1268, Hartselle 35640
Smith, Terry (R), 3720 Chula Vista Drive SW, Decatur 35601
District 4 - Cullman, Madison, Morgan Little, Zeb (D), P.O. Box 930, Cullman 35056
Hunt, Guy (R), 285 County Road 1711, Holly Pond 35083
District 6 - Franklin, Fayette, Marion, Lamar, Colbert, Winston, Pickens Bedford, Roger (D), P.O. Box 370, Russellville 35653
Frazier, Betty (R), 12263 State Highway 233, Brilliant 35548 District 7 - Madison
Enfinger, Jeff (D), 1272 Becket, Huntsville 35801
Peters, Elbert (R), 1701 Jeannette Circle, Huntsville 35816
District 8 - DeKalb, Jackson, Madison Barron, Lowell (D), P.O. Box 65, Fyffe 35971
Hammonds, David (R), P.O. Box 38, Ider 35981
District 10 - Etowah, St Clair
Means, Larry (D), P.O. Box 786, Attalla
35954
Williams, David L. (R), 1204 Johnson
Street, Gadsden 35903
District 11 - Coosa, Elmore, Talladega
Preuitt, Jim (D), 723 East Battle Street Talladega 35160
Bradford, Ralph, Sr. (R), 1614 Hanna
Avenue, Anniston 36201
District 19 - Jefferson
McClain, E. B. (D), 3826 Troy Terrace,
Brighton 35020
Walker, Cliff (R), P.O. Box 996, Bessemer 35021
District 22 - Escambia, Washington, Baldwin, Choctaw, Clarke, Conecuh, Monroe
Lindsey, Pat (D), 126 South Mulberry, Butler 36904
Day, Sheldon A. (R), 412 MacMillan
Drive, Thomas vi lie 36784
District 23 - Choctaw, Clarke, Conecuh,
Dallas, Lowndes, Marengo, Monroe,
Wilcox
Sanders, Hank (D), P.O. Box 1290, Selina 36702
Motes, Richard (L), 464 County Road 43, Tyler 36785
District 26 - Montgomery
Ross, Quinton T. (D), P.O. Box 6183,
Montgomery 36106
Love, Beverly Ray (R), P.O. Box 250213, Montgomery 36105
Let us not dignify rapists, nor murderers and marxists
few.
So here’s the idea. Since the Christian Coalition of Alabama had graded their voting records and the Alabama Coalition had interviewed the challengers, we began an intensive letter-writing campaign called Project Double Barrel - exposing the worst dozen incumbent senators while promoting the favored replacement candidates.
The strategy is obvious. No biU becomes law without clearing both houses. Out of the 35 senators, we target this dozen, oust only three or four of them while putting the skeer on those who survive, and in the next legislative session these coalitions will have gained respect. That’s because a whole passel of newspapers have been printing our letters; perhaps even Mo Dees has helped with this. Not intentionally, of course. But
By Lloyd A. Caperton It seems that the days of the electric chair in Alabama, “Yellow Mama,” as it is called, may be about over. Those on death row will now have a choice between lethal injection or the chair. Most will no doubt choose the injection, the electric chair probably being phased out as were public hangings and chain gangs in favour of this new, polirically-correct form of execution.
Many liberal bleeding hearts complain the electric chair is too cruel and painful. In my opinion, if criminals deserve to die, then why not cruelly and painfully? Otherwise, they don’t deserve to die at all.
An execution should be something so terrible that it serves as a deterrent to other would-be offenders, especially the younger ones. Thinking of the scene of someone
frying in an electric chair tends to stir the emotions more than someone simply being put to sleep, as stray animals often are. Most criminals aren’t afraid of needles; if they were, there would not be so many of them shooting up drugs.
Executions ought to be public spectacles, and it should be for the victim’s family to decide how a murderer dies, not the murderer. Furthermore (if it is so desired) then give the victim, or victim’s family, the option of pulling that execution lever or switch .Murderers don’t usually give their victims a choice of how they want to die!
One also needs to consider that lethal injection trivialises death and makes it seem a lesser threat Euthanasia of seniors might one day be used to solve the lack of
money in the Social Security fund.
Don’t think it couldn't happen one day! You will soon be seeing the new Alabama quarters. They have Helen Keller on them. Most know Helen Keller, from Alabama history, as the deaf and blind daughter of a Confederate officer, a remarkable person who overcame her disabilities and became famous. What many of us weren’t told in school is that Helen Keller often used her fame and abilities to promote Marxism in America. Or perhaps others used her to promote themselves! This, however, being the case — should she really represent Alabama? Check out http.7/marx-ists.anu.edu.au/reference/ar-chive/keller-helen/ to learn more. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
- CapeCSA@aol.com
INTERNET TRAFFIC:
May the Southern flag inarch, and the disinformation campaign retreat!
“Every record has been destroyed or falsified, every book has been rewritten, every picture has been repainted, every statue and street and building has been renamed, every date has been altered. And the process is continuing day-by-day and minute-by-minute. History has stopped. Nothing exists except an endless present in which the Party is always right”
I didn't read George Orwell’s “1984.” This quote was swiped from David Allen’s 72-page Defending our Honor.
“Dick Cashdollar, Mobile’s head of public safety and the person in charge of the parade for the Mobile Bay Area Veterans Day Commission Inc., said the commission’s board voted not to allow any Confederate groups to march in this year’s Nov. 11 parade because of a debacle at last year’s event... Cashdollar confirmed to a reporter that the Sons of Confederate Veterans are not welcome at the parade.”
Nor did I buy the 10/16 Mobile Register. Somebody sent me the above twisted logic by New World orderly Steve Myers, a Veteran Debacle for sure. On November 11, dressed in his coat, tie and BF Heritage lapel pin. Battle Flag over the shoulder, this veteran will be there.
OLAF CHILDRESS Silverhill
Good for you! If ever I can afford to retire, I assure you that I will be marching beside you. Hope to have the pleasure of meeting you someday.
TONY BELARDO Trenton, NJ I
I agree, sir. Despite others who are
apparently agreeing to not carry the Battle Flag, I’m bringing mine.
DAVE MC COMBS Mobile
Since Mr. Cashdollar has urged the Mobile County Commission to vote not to allow Confederate entries in this year’s parade, perhaps you or someone from the legal community might remind them that, the last time you checked, this was still a constitutional republic. The First Amendment guarantees free speech and freedom of expression, clearly allowing anyone of any race, color, national origin or political persuasion to be present and take part in any parade or public ceremony open to the general public.
To prohibit the Sons of Confederate Veterans marching is clearly a violation of
their rights under the U.S. Constitution. I hope they will find a competent judge, assuming there is one, to overturn this ridiculous vote. W. M. SAMMONS
Hartford
Last time I checked. Mobile was not part of a constitutional republic, but the city did change its mind and Southrons now have Mommy's permission long as it’s without the Battle Flag. I don’t need another day in court; been there, done that I’ll take my Battle Flag.
Glad this got changed and you will be able to march, but 1 am sad the Confederate Battle Flag is being discriminated against all because of Blacks in the NAACP. They stick together, the Black-Jewish alliance, to make our life hell. Wake up America,
Voter information for Nov. 5th
Christian Coalition Voter Guides will be available on Friday, Nov 1st. At that time you may go to www.ccbama.org and down load the Voter Guide. It is recommended that you send this information out to all of your friends immediately. You may want to line up all those who have significant numbers of email addresses and ask them to send them out.
How effective are the Christian Coalition Voter Guides? The last time Fob James was elected in his race against Jim Folsom, the University of South Alabama did a survey and found that 10% of the total voters changed their votes as a result of the Voter Guides. In an Associated Press article right after the election, it was concluded that
Fob James was elected directly because of the Voter Guides. In the last election, year 2000, there were many close races. Kelly Wise, who was elected to the Alabama Court of Civil Appeals, gave the following testimony: “All of the reliable polls (to include Alfa) showed that I was behind 10% just before the election. The only major event the weekend before the election was the Christian Coalition Voter Guides.”
When those votes came in on election night, Kelly Wise won with 52% of the votes. Kelly directly credits the Voter Guides for her election. Also in that same election, the conservative candidates won 10 out of 11 statewide races.
these are powerful money groups - Blacks and Jews who swipe each others palms to destroy our culture, our symbols, and steal hardworking Americans blind. Southern men: Do not fight the Jewish wars; do not give your life for them. JOSIE BASS
jbass@digital.net
It doesn't say we can’t stand on the sidewalk with our flags! We will be there, lining the streets with flags flying above our heads with Honor and Pride. For God, Race and Nation. JERRY O’DONNELL
St. Elmo
That’s great! We will be there.
EARL WILLEY
Mobile
r Alabama Moratorium
As we wait for the numbers crunchers to give us a 2003 date for our tax revolt, ever more rebs are becoming interested. The IRS is clamping down on protesters, we are told, and doesn’t want us dodging
“our fair share” of the burden, not even for the planned 24-hour breathing spell immediately following this state’s Tax Freedom Day when we neither withhold nor pay taxes to leviathan.
Don’t mess with us on that day. Big Multicultural Brother in Babylon, D.C.; remember, you’ve miscalculated lately.
We just want our entire day’s wages for once in order to measure your greed a little closer. Please don't move against any employer wh ■ participates in this.
▲ < A Alah X^Lwww
Olaf Childress, Chairman Alabama Moratorium Committee gul ftcl .com/homc frcc/48 .htm
4 The First Freedom November 2002
MLK Boulevard —
Black “supermajority” no longer plunders city, so it’s back to “racism”
Nobody told the people Mobile 9s government was being looted until now. Why is super-veto power all of a sudden condemned?
By Nick Jongebloed
For many years, going back to the hectic days of the early 1980s, discussion about the form of government for Jhe City of Mobile has been rather benign. The civic group March Against Crime was active in publicizing this 1985 law (Alabama Act 85-229) primarily as it permitted a vote on two options. We saw here an opportunity to further the prospects of Initiative and Referendum for the citizens of Mobile, and with luck the entire State of Alabama as well.
At the time, there was one person, the late Ms. Lillian Jackson, who predicted what we are seeing today: racial divisiveness brought on my the so-called “supermajority'* provision of the current form of government She predicted on one of the local radio talk shows that: “We are doomed." She was talking primarily about the city budget and what may come about as a result of the mayor-council divide as well as the council being separated along racial lines. We now read and hear often about how members of the council have been left out of spending decisions, or do not have the facts needed to make informed decisions. What about major expenditures planned for the next five years? Has anyone except the mayor and his staff really examined the cost and benefits of such projects/expenditures? Have these elected council members any education, training or experience in such fields of public administration and sound business practices? Maybe so, but probably not. So, let’s again review how we got into this predicament back in the 1980s.
The first form of government was the court-ordered district commission. This was the same three-member commission that had been in play since 1911, but that earlier version had the three running at-large. Over time, as the Black populace increased and no Black was elected to the commission, that system was challenged based on the charge that it effectively excluded Blacks from being elected to Mobile city government.
The second option in that 1985 law was for voters to have an opportunity to select a seven-member council, a district form with the mayor running at large. At the time, this was touted as being the most equitable for all citizens and should guarantee one or more Blacks would be elected to the city council, since three of the seven districts by design were to be overwhelmingly Black. On the other hand, the three-commissioner option was attacked as being the same old discriminatory form challenged for years. This of course was false, since it would be by district with one of those districts being in the main Black. It ignored the fact that the position of the mayor would be rotated, same as the presidency of the Mobile County Commission.
The election was held in August, 1985 and the mayor at large with seven council members by district form was chosen by a majority of the citizens of Mobile. It was described at the time as a “strong mayor" form of government. However, what was not fully explained to the voters has been since described as the “super majority" proviso of the law, requiring approval by five of the seven members to pass “any resolution, by-law ordinance, or the transaction of any business of any sort by the said council or the exercise of any of the powers conferred upon it by the terms of this Act." (Section 28, Act 85-229).
Years having passed since that 1985 election. Any effort to revisit the form of government then chosen has been attacked by those now in power, especially the Black members. March Against Crime has collected signatures in an effort to give citizens a chance, under provisions of that Alabama Act, to vote on the alternative
district commission with a professional manager (http://www.icma.org).
One path we in March Against Crime utilized was the insert services provided by the Mobile Register, thereby distributing 62,000 petitions throughout the city. But a reporter for the Register then ran with this information to City Council President Clinton Johnson, pointing out to him that some areas of the city had been excluded, those with “large numbers of Democrats and minorities." That same reporter wrote an article under the next day’s headline: “Petition drive biased, Johnson charges." Unexplained was the fact that it was the Registers own “professional" advertising staff that had advised us which zip codes should be included for the maximum distribution to households receiving home delivery of the Register. For example, delivery of petition inserts to businesses and bars in downtown Mobile would not be very effective. March Against Crime protested, pointing out that the zip codes in our contract with the Register included Mr. Johnson’s own residence and that of many of his constituents. One of those zip codes included for petition distribution, #36605, voted in the 1996 Presidential election 2,064 for President Clinton and a mere 63 for Senator Dole.
Faced with overwhelming evidence that the Register's story was inflammatory and slanderous. Editor Stan Tiner admitted as much in his “Editor’s Note" debut, titling the column: “March Against Crime petition drive vps not biased" (Aug 21, 1998). However, the damage had been done, and our efforts were flushed down the “racist charge" drain.
EURO is the European-American Unity and Rights Organization. It defends White interests and rights in the same fashion that the NAACP works for “the advancement of Colored People."
NAACP seeks discriminatory policies against European-Americans in college and union admittances, employment, promotions and scholarships; while EURO seeks equal opportunity for all, with preference for the hardest working, most talented and best qualified.
The NAACP pushes hard for forced integration and busing, while EURO believes people should have the freedom to choose their associations. We find nothing wrong with people of any race associating with their own kind; that the overwhelming majority of Blacks and Whites will choose such a course when they have the freedom to do so. We think the greatest source of racial tension is the forcing of different races together against their will.
Through a never-ending recital of alleged white oppression against Blacks, the NAACP promotes an atmosphere of resentment and hatred toward Whites. EURO seeks greater racial understanding and goodwill by showing that when all things are considered. Blacks have enjoyed far more benefits from their association with Whites than they have endured privation. American Blacks have the highest standard of living, the greatest educational and employment opportunity, and by far the most democratic and civil rights of any Black population in the world.
“Is there really much discrimination against European Americans in government, business, and education?"
The sad fact is that Whites today face the most extensive and intensive racial discrimination in American history. The government, the largest employer, blatantly discriminates against better-qualified Whites, and forces educational institutions and private corporations to do the same. For instance, every one of the five hundred largest companies in the United States has some sort of program that discriminates against Whites and favors less-qualified minorities in hiring and promotion.
be interested in providing the citizens a right to vote if they do not wish a change?"
I believe that's due in large part to the fact that most of them are unaware of the history and power-grabbing motives of those who wrote that 1985 Alabama law. Much was concealed from the voters back then. For example, in the 1983 case Bolden vs. City of Mobile, Civil Action 75297, the court ordered the three-commission form of government to gain Black participation by requiring that commissioners be voted by districts. That would have assured at least one Black commissioner. This was not satisfactory to Senator Figures and his supporters. They wanted complete veto power and this was designed into the 1985 law establishing a vote for either the mayor with seven district council members, or three district commissioners with a city manager (commission-manager form of government, http://www.icma.org). Very few citizens understood - and our public schools are at fault here - the civics and form of government issues involved. They certainly didn't understand the fact that a five-out-of-seven vote requirement would grant total veto power to the Black council members.
At the time of that election, this mayor-council form of government was described in the media as fair and acceptable for the City of Mobile, which is regrettable. And now, with these formerly hidden flaws of “supermajority" rule revealed, the cat is out of the bag and the turmoil has begun. Three newly-elected members of the city council, all White, have upset the mayor and his supporters with their program for cutting spending and taxes. Name-calling has erupted, and now at last we hear
“Should not Blacks be given preferential treatment over Whites to compensate for past injustices?"
In short, that argument is like saying that European Americans should be punished today because a few Whites historically oppressed Blacks. There is no system of justice in the world that sanctions the punishment of children for the sins of their ancestors. And if it is appropriate to punish Whites today because a small number practiced slavery over a hundred years ago, why shouldn’t Blacks be punished for their ancestors’ record of slavery, brutality, and oppression in Africa that has gone on for at least the last ten thousand years? No people’s human rights record is without blemish, including Blacks, but no people have contributed more to the well-being of all the peoples of the earth than the White Races. In the creation and spreading of the concepts of freedom and democratic principles, education, the arts, medicine, technology and science, Whites have played an indispensable role; one for which our children should certainly not be punished.
“Why is this current discrimination against Whites more massive than past discrimination against Blacks?"
It is true that in the past many Blacks faced discrimination, as did many White Ethnics. Private employers often discriminated against Blacks, but it must also be admitted that many treated Blacks fairly. Today’s discrimination against Whites is much more pervasive because, for the first time, government is intruding in education and private business to enforce across-the-board racial bias. This discrimination, then, is not turn-about, as it is far more inclusive than the limited, private discrimination of the past
“Are white victims of discrimination truly more qualified?**
Yes. In the celebrated Bakke case it can be shown that Bakke scored in his 90s on a series of four qualification tests. Blacks who scored in the 30s on the same tests were placed into medical school ahead of Bakke.
If Blacks were better qualified than their White counterparts the only protection
charges of “racism” over “supermajority" government.
It may be that this charade of “we all get along" that has been put over on the public for so many years now being exposed will motivate citizens to take another look at the three-commission by district form with a professional manager, that other option in the 1985 election law. Indeed, there is still a further existing Alabama law that could save the city from years of racial strife and turmoil: the Council Manager Act of 1982, which provides for a five-member council, one of which being the mayor elected at large, one council member elected at large and three additional council members, one from each of three single-member districts. This council would choose a city manager to head the administrative branch of the city government and be responsible to the council for proper administration of all municipal affairs.
The citizens of Mobile must take charge of their civic affairs. The opportunity is here for a council-manager form, the most popular kind of government in the United States in cities having populations of over 5,000. The mayor mentions from time to time such cities as he feels Mobile should emulate. What he omits is the fact that all of these cities/counties; e.g.. Savannah, Charleston, San Antonio, Norfolk and Charlotte, have the council-manager form of government It is past time for Mobile to install a city manager who will devote full time professional skill and experience to examining the problems and opportunities facing our community, researching the options, presenting the pros and cons to the council and implementing such policies as those elected officials adopt.
they would need is the laws forbidding discrimination on the basis of race. So-called affirmative action is used to favor Blacks over better qualified, harder-working Whites.	-
The efforts of the NAACP to eliminate competency testing for prospective government and business employment is additional evidence of the ongoing attempt to give preference to less qualified individuals because they happen to be Black.
These racist programs against excellence and quality are not only grossly unfair to Whites who have worked and studied harder, they are also harmful because they undermine American productivity and thus lower everyone’s economic well-being and impede society's progress.
“Isn’t discrimination against Whites necessary to give the poor and disadvantaged the chance they need?"
U.S. Government figures reveal that two-thirds of those with incomes below the poverty level are White. Are we really helping the poor by promoting a program of intensive racial discrimination against two-thirds of them? Are we supposed to be so racist as to assume that only poor Blacks have rights, but not poor Whites?
“What is the EURO position on immigration?"
We are strongly opposed to continued massive immigration to the United States. Legal and illegal immigrants are causing unemployment among American citizens and adding to the already overburdened welfare rolls. Immigration must be sharply curtailed. We demand an immediate and total halt to all illegal immigration, and a careful screening of legal immigrants to select those who can fit into the American way of life and contribute to the well-being of our society.
“Does EURO believe in equality?"
No. We-believe that no two individuals or races are exactly equal in their inborn talents and potentialities, but we believe that the best way to determine and reward talent is through equal opportunity and equal rights. It is very minority-racist to consider a program only by its impact on Blacks. Forced integration has dealt a severe blow to thequaUtyofe^^
Many have asked, “Why should anyone
What are differences between EURO and NAACP?
Report from L.A.
By Olaf Childress L/^ ■
A fellow complainant against our local New World Orderly (NWO), in bringing me his own story of repression, found it hard to believe that the editor of this paper is a twice-convicted felon for hauling trash to the county dump.Jt’s true. Without first agreeing to produce a mandatory weekly garbage quota, although stopping on the scale and offering to pay, 1 committed two crimes: “trespassing” and “interfering with government operations.”
NWO Kommissar J. D. Whetstone, a.k.a. District Attorney Clousseau, also convicted a sitting county commissioner for garbage mandate noncompliance, and, with a little media help, ousted him. But somehow that one got reduced to a misdemeanor and the reconstructed politician is at it again.
Whetstone thinks big. Yet I would like to believe my call-ins to talk shows and influence around these parts contributed to his loss in the 2002 primary, where he had qualified to run for the U.S. House of Representatives seat being vacated by Congressman Sonny Callahan. A horrible thought: Clousseau in Babylon, D.C., for a global garbage mandate kickoff!
I countered him again awhile back at the Baldwin County Courthouse in front of three prominent witnesses to see if we might resolve this matter, as the four of us were still looking for answers the entire rural population had demanded in 1994 before caving in to Baldwin’s Big Bro.
“Mr. Whetstone, you’ve had me thrown in jail and fined about a thousand dollars,”
1 began, “and, after many months of your summoning groups of noncompliants to be browbeaten as here today, into paying for a service they have neither ordered nor desired, I learn that my wife has just started sending the-monthly ransom to keep me out of jail. Yet, please be informed, before these witnesses. Pin still not in compliance with that rural area garbage mandate. 1 may even sue to recover what my gullible spouse is paying under duress. Meanwhile, if disposing of our table scraps on a garden compost heap, aluminum cans and paper to a church in Silverhill, and other trash to an out-of-state landfill is a crime, I want you to arrest me for that, not some trumped-up charge. Let’s see the law."
Said Whetstone: “Well, if you just want me to arrest you. I’ll be glad to comply.” Assuring him he had grasped my words correctly, 1 and my friends are still waiting? patiently, many months now, for his move.
My last trash haul was September 16. It had been one year since the previous one. Securing the tarpaulin all around and then heading east on Highway 90,1 mused how pleasant the day; a little farther perhaps to travel in disposing of what Baldwin County didn’t want, but we don't produce that much of it nowadays. When the kids were still home it was necessary to haul trash to the dump every six months. But today, even with all this mandatory “convenience” - the average rural household piling up ten times as much plastic as back when you simply didn’t do that - a year’s worth at one load!
It was justice: Pensacola getting back its plastic and tin sold to an Alabama family avoiding higher grocery taxes at home. And shouldn't Louisiana receive its empty rum bottles, too? New Orleans makes a killing off folks dodging Alabama’s liquor taxes.
Better hurry on, it's clouding up! Ah, but that's the beauty of my country as first laid out, each county and state a map unto the others, many roads to choose from.
Weighed in at Pensacola’s landfill and pointed to the hilltop where noncommercial loads back up to a giant container, I and a half dozen others emptied our pickups as usual into its open top.
Rolling into the yard at home, it began to drizzle. “You have it hard enough seeing through that old pickup’s broken windshield," greeted my wife, “but it might help to use your wipers when it’s raining.”
“Yeah, but then I’d have to turn on my lights and fasten the seatbelt.”	□
— Alabama —
November 2002 The First Freedom 5
“Kidstuff” brings the nanny state to Alabama
The Kidstuff logo resembles the Chinese number six, with the “kid”figure reaching for a red star.
Eagle Forum of Alabama
www.ilabamaeagle.org
MONTGOMERY - The national push to install a “cradle to grave” monitoring and tracking system for every American child has come to Alabama under the guise of an early childhood education program called “Kidstuff.” Alabama Governor Don Siegelman launched the program last January with Executive Order No. 42, which created the Governor’s Commission on Early Learning. At the end of July, Siegelman unveiled the commission's 80-page report detailing a “45-step strategy designed to improve early learning for all of Alabama’s children.” The Governor has appointed the state’s first “children's commissioner,” and Kidstuff early learning centers are being expanded from eight sites to 43;
When fully implemented, the Kidstuff] strategies advocated in the commission’s report are projected to cost in excess of S300 million. This staggering sum is justified, proponents say, because “quality early-learning programs” improve school performance, increase the likelihood of high school graduation, enhance job opportunities, and reduce crime, particularly among low-income children, thus saving the state millions in welfare and other societal costs. Advocates claim that 2/3 of Alabama’s children arc in some form of child care environment anyway, and that Kidstuff will ultimately “save $7 for every one dollar spent.”
Many researchers, pro-family groups, parents and citizens, however, are concerned that these savings projections are inflated, and that the program's costs will ultimately become a cumbersome burderr for taxpayers. They also fear that the real purpose of Kidstuff is to increase state intrusion into family life.
The Perry Project Critics charge that the Early Learning Commission report is based on the unproven assumption that all children benefit from programs such as Kidstuff, and that early intervention makes a critical difference in many children’s lives. An experiment known as the Perry Preschool Project is frequently cited in the report as proof of this assumption, and Perry’s favorable results are popular with many proponents of universal preschool.I But the Alabama Policy Institute points out in its recently-released analysis of early learning programs, From Cradle to t Kindergarten, that the 27-year £
Perry Project “was a specialized program directed at a very particular and unrepresentative group of 58 borderline-educable, mentally retarded minority children.”
“Even if Perry did produce enormous results for this very small and very disadvantaged group of children,” notes the analysis, “it is inaccurate to suggest that a random early intervention program directed at any segment of the population would produce the same results.”
(ffinrimS/r Afr
“We, the people of the Confederate States, each state acting in its sovereign and independent character. In order to form a permanent Federal government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity - I invoking the favor and guidance of Almighty God - do ordain and establish the Constitution for the Confederate States of America.”
Alabama is the Cradle of the Confederacy
Nevertheless, advocates of preschool programs including Kidstuff persist in claiming that programs not directed at disadvantaged children will produce the same savings to society as the Perry Project.
An Expert Speaks In an August interview on Alabama’s public television program. For the Record, Professor Alfred Baumeister, Ph D., former director of the Kennedy Center for Research and Human Development at Vanderbilt University, refuted some of the Early Learning Commission report’s claims. Baumeister stated that the overarching problem with the report is that it is “based on a shaky scientific foundation.” He argued that it “misappropriates, misinterprets and selectively uses” science.
Responding to proponents* insistence that placing children in “quality” childcare centers is essential to their later academic and social success, Baumeister stated: “The ordinary range of environments American children encounter are sufficient for them to develop normally. The idea that parents must do this or that during a critical period, from ages one to three, for example, is a fallacious argument.”
“Even under what we might consider deprived conditions,” he continued, “excluding severe deprivations, children develop quite adequately.”
Of particular concern to Baumeister and others is the commission's statement that “The old 'nature vs. nurture' debate is over,” which assumes as fact that “it is the child's surroundings - particularly the child’s relationship with significant others - that make a child's potential possible.” Baumeister maintains that this assumption “is wrong,” and that an enormous amount of a child's capacity to develop is genetic.
According to Baumeister, vast amounts of research show that pre-kindergarten prwtrams	df
development, and that they may even have harmful effects. “The money that will be spent on Kidstuff,” he advised, “would be much better spent on K-12 education programs.”
Commission Report Excerpts The Early Learning report bemoans the fact that “Alabama has no comprehensive system for the identification of families and children in need of special services,” and that “no comprehensive database exists concerning number, location, and pertinent information [on] children, childcare facilities, and services for
for the evaluation of needs and delivery of services for every child bom in Alabama.
■	Utilize a database of all children to evaluate, communicate, and assess the needs of children and families.
■	Consolidate services for families and children into one comprehensive system to provide better services with fewer instances of duplication.
■	Develop a secure and confidential information network that combines data from many state agencies and care providers concerning children from birth to age five. To achieve that goal: 1) Electronically enroll each newborn in all Alabama hospitals in an information network at the time the birth certificate is filled out. 2) Mail reminders to parents/grandparents to arrange regular child health checkups and screenings.
The “Smart Start”
Kidstuff is modeled after the Smart Start program in North Carolina, which was instituted by former Governor Jim Hunt in 1993. Smart Start was touted as a “public-private partnership” providing quality child care, health care, and other
children and families.” The following are excerpts of some of the remedies the Early Learning commission recommends:
■	Expand and utilize a database of services and providers both at the state and local levels.
■	Develop a universal form
family support services. Smart Start has received favorable reviews in the media, but has it made a real difference?
According to North Carolina's John Locke Foundation, four studies on Smart Start released between early 1998 and the fall of 1999 show that the program has “little benefit for most children once they reach school.”
The Alabama Policy Institute’s From Cradle to Kindergarten describes the “Six-County Study of the Effects of Smart Start Child Care on Kindergarten Entry Skills,” conducted by the Frank Porter Graham Child Development Center at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill. The study compared children who attended a Smart Start center for at least eight months to children in other care settings, and found that “children who attended Smart Start child care centers had skills similar to children in the comparison group.”
The authors of the study “found a difference only when they broke the Smart Start children into two groups: 1) Smart Start children who attended centers participating in activities directly related to improving child care quality; and 2) Smart Start children who attended centers that did not participate in activities directly related to improving child care quality” In other words, the children improved when intensive and extraordinary means were employed, but “the vast majority of Smart Start expenditures had no statistically significant effect on participants’ readiness to learn in kindergarten.”
The question many Alabama citizens are asking is, “Will the results of Kidstuff be any better?” Many predict that the answer will be “no.”
“Kidstuff and other similar programs are the result of Goals 2000*s Goal #1, that4 All children will start school ready to learn,9**notes Alabama Eagle Forum’s Betty Fetersi	KWsftrtY
insist that ‘qualify’ is the critical word in child care, but many people believe that the truly critical word is ‘control* — meaning government control over our families and our lives.”
Mrs. Betty Peters, cited in the closing paragraph above. Republican candidate for District 2 State Board of Education, needs your vote and support if you vote in Barbour, Chambers, Clay, Coffee. Covington. Dale, Geneva. Tallapoosa or her part of Talladega County. -Ed.
I OLD SOUTH I
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Wcogufka, AL CSA IS I S3 (256)249-9100
Cash Loans
Pawn • Buy Sell • Trade
Guns * Tools Elect ranks
Jewelry
Knises-Ammo* Bumper Stickers • Beverages • Tobacco | Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON. Owner — CupcCSA# aoLcom _____Treasurer. Alabama League of the South_J
I for the candidates of vour choice. Not sure who the • conservatives in some races are? Help is available online at www.ccbama.org
Got that ugly, peace#, scalawag-designed “stars fen on" ___________car	tag?	Here’s	the	solution:_____
y HEART OF PIXIE
IT LOOKS BETTER • There's no question ITS EASY - Goes right over the “stars fell on"
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL - As verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED -
"I don't think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag in the state of Alabama. I can say it to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I'm In the state legislature. I'm going to do everything known to human ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag." - Rap. Alvin Holmes. February 2002 in a WSFA-TV interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution costs) to:
®OH	»| uivWKWr III Iwmhtv (bpr
P.0. Box 681343	Ltagw of lAc South
Prattville. AL 36068 lomdomomorn »,U defend Daie
Contrary to what is now taught, slavery was not the primary issue. Sorry, Julian, Jesse and victims of public indoctrination everywhere, but here are the inconvenient facts.
T„
he American educational system continues perpetuating a myth regarding the War for Southern Independence (often mistakenly called “The Civil War," a misnomer). Teachers using government-mandated, Northern-produced texts inform students the conflict centered solely on slavery, with Abraham Lincoln ‘The Great Emancipator*' sending Union troops to “make men free” Nothing could be more untrue. We realize the wisdom in the adages that history-books are written by the victors and that truth is war's first casualty. Like other complex human activities, wars often have a number of underlying causes. In this article, I shall provide the reader with an overview of the primary causi belli of the War for Southern Independence, the issue of tariffs.
Far from being a mundane topic, taxation has been at the heart of the American political spirit. The original thirteen American colonies formally dissolved tics with the British Empire due to the issue of taxation without representation. Penned by that great Virginian Thomas Jefferson, the Declaration of Independence stands out as this nation’s first Article of Secession. In it, the colonies* grievances are listed. Amongst the litany of injustices committed by King George III, Jefferson mentions “For imposing Taxes upon us without our Consent.” This split over taxation is a recurring theme in American history.
The precursor to Southern secession in fact occurred 30 years before the hostilities of I86I-186S. In 1828 and again in 1832, Congress passed tariffs legislation benefitting northern mercantile interests but injuring the South’s agricultural economy. Heavy protectionist tariffs gave northern manufacturers an advantage by decreasing foreign competition, but forced the South to pay the bulk of federal taxes, as the South was a net exporter of raw goods and a net importer of manufactured products. These “Tariffs of Abominations” led Senator John C. Calhoun to declare the law unjust and a convention was held in South Carolina to nullify the federal tariff law. President Andrew Jackson threatened to send troops to enforce the tariff, but eventually the Compromise of 1833 was
AUt [oi l+o feu
Ju+lt MfVtt A to 111 fi+it ftti/o*. wttfl	Imu.
The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576
FUI.L NAME MAIL ADDRESS
CITY
STATE
ZIP
□	Here’s SI5 for a one-year subscription*
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.
□	$10 for 200 extra copies of a recent issue.
□	Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie” decals
□ S
as a patron. Keep it going!
JL
By Jack McMillan, Ph.D.
reached and taxes were lowered over a four-year period. As Professor Charles Adams states in his book For Good and Evil: The Impact of Taxes on the Course of Civilization, “...the South paid about three-quarters of all federal taxes, most of which were spent in the North.”
The election of 1860 was perhaps the most contentious in American history. The Democratic Party split with the northern faction voting for Stephen Douglass, the southern faction for John Breckinridge. Additionally the Constitutional Unionist Party (the renamed Whig Party) ran John Bell as a candidate and carried three states (Tennessee. Kentucky, and Virginia). Lincoln won with a mere 39% of the popular and not a single electoral vote from the South. As Salomon DeRothschild, a visitor to America at the time writes, “This state of affairs could have continued ... if the two divisions. South and North, of the Democratic party had not split at the last electoral convention. Since each of them carried a different candidate, they surrendered power to a third thief, Lincoln, the Republican choice.**
The secession of Southern States began with South Carolina, where tax issues hail been at the forefront 30 years earlier. Contrary to what is now taught, slavery was not the primary issue. While it is unfortunate slavery existed, the blame cannot placed solely on the South; slavery existed in the North as well (it is interesting to note Delaware, a Northern slave state, refused to ratify the 13th Amendment abolishing the institution). Further, New England slavers from their homeports in Massachusetts and New York brought slaves to America in the first place!
With the election of Lincoln, the South realized northern manufacturers and bankers would have their puppet in the White House. Again Professor Adams states, “...Lincoln was supported in his bid for the presidency by the rich industrialists of the North. He was their man and he had long been their lawyer... No sooner had Congress assembled in 1861 than the high tariff was passed into law and signed by Lincoln. The Morrill Tariff, as it was called, was the highest tariff in U.S. history” Adams also notes, “ Secession by the South was a reaction against Lincoln's high-tax policy. In 1861 the slave issue was not critical... The leaders of the South believed secession would attract trade to Charleston, Savannah, and new Orleans, replacing Boston, New York, and Philadelphia as the chief trading ports of America, primarily because of low taxes.” Note the Confederacy lowered taxes! To the charge often leveled that the newly formed Confederacy started the hostilities, Adams correctly points out “...with the import taxes, he (Lincoln) was threatening. Fort Sumter was at the entrance to the Charleston Harbor, filled with federal troops to support U.S. Customs officers. It wasn’t too difficult for angry South Carolinians to fire the first shot.” Again, Rothschild writing to his cousin in London in 1861 notes, “I’ll come back later to the ‘slavery’ question, which was the first pretext for secession, but which was just a pretext and is now secondary. The true reason which impelled the Southern states to secede is the question of tariffs.” Lincoln's election guaranteed a return
of past disastrous policies and forced the Southern States to secede. Writers of the day confirm this. In Great Britain, many intellectuals and political leaders saw Lincoln’s War for exactly what it was - a dispute over taxation. Charles Dickens writes, “The Northern onslaught upon slavery was no more than a piece of specious humbug designed to conceal its desire for economic control of the Southern States.” Dickens goes on to say “...Union means so many millions a year lost to the South; secession means the loss of the same millions to the North. The love of money is the root of this as of many other evils... The quarrel between the North and South is, as it stands, solely a fiscal quarrel.” Let us quote a passage from the Northern British Review, Edinburgh, 1862, “...All Northern products are now protected: and the Morrill Tariff is a very masterpiece of folly and injustice. No wonder then that the citizens of the seceding States should feel for half a century they have sacrificed to enhance the powers and profits of the North; and should conclude, after much futile remonstrance, that only in secession could they hope to find redress.”
I shall conclude this article with a passage written by John Reagan, Postmaster General of the Confederacy. “You are not content with the vast millions of tribute we pay you annually under the operation of our revenue laws, our navigation laws, your fishing bounties, and by making your people our manufacturers, our merchants, our shippers. You are not satisfied with the vast tribute we pay you to build up your great cities, your railroads, and your canals. You are not satisfied with the millions of tribute we have been paying you on account of the balance of exchange, which you hold against us. You are not satisfied that we of the South are almost reduced to the condition of overseers of northern capitalists. You are not satisfied with all this; but you must wage a relentless crusade against our rights.”
Copyright © 2002 by Connie Ward. 180 Degrees True South [ 180dts@bellsouth.net].
TheMedicine. Shoppe^
Doug Hardin, R.Ph.
1013 N. McKenzie Foley, AL 36535
(251) 943-3335
FAX (251) 943-4414
The South was right!
Come one - come all!
Fish fry and auction fund-raiser
For the Elmore County League of the South
Annual Heritage & History Day
Family fun - live entertainment - good fellowship
November 2nd, 2002 11:30 AM
- Auction Immediately following lunch Where: Dixieland Country Club, Coosa County Road 14 west From Ibtwiler Prison at Wetumpka, go about 20 miles north on US. Highway 231, at PentonvUle take Coosa County Road 14 West. Country Club Is approximately 2.5 miles on left (look for cars parked all around).
What: Fish fry - S6 donation for adults - S3 for children. Everyone welcome, please come and bring someone with you.
We are engaged!
Ours is a most solemn and grave undertaking. We must keep the supply lines humming.
Never in the history of America have the people been forced to engage their government by using the unalienable right to petition for redress - as both a shield and a sword.
o
Until now.
• Freedom Drive is not just another “get together” or “freedom conference.” The government will remember this day. The people will remember this day. It will be recorded for all posterity to remember -and it will possibly be broadcast live.
Jefferson, Madison and the others knew that the day might eventually come when the institutions of the Congress and the courts would fail to protect the people from tyrannical acts, they knew that the people would have to check their servant government by formally directing it to address and answer the people’s grievances. Hence the placement of the right to petition early on in the Bill of Rights - i.e., in the First Amendment.
Such is our state of affairs - a most dangerous, awkward and unprecedented situation.
The engagement, known as Freedom Drive 2002, began on October 7,2002 with the posting of four Petitions for Redress on the web and their subsequent distribution. On November 7th the Petitions will be served on all 535 members of Congress and the President On November 8th the people will begin a caravan from the west coast to the nation’s capital. The caravan will grow in numbers as it approaches the District.
On November 14th the people will peaceably assemble at the Washington Monument to await the government's responses. There will be a moment of truth at 2:00 PM. Either the government will respond to the Petitions for Redress or they will not. This day may formally signal their belief that the Constitution is a dead letter, setting the stage for a combative, nonviolent, mass movement by the people.
We intend to do everything within our power to win this engagement The outcome will be precedent-setting. Much is at stake. For instance, consider ail of our rights specifically mentioned in the Bill of Rights. If government harms and injures the people by infringing upon any of these explicitly delineated rights, and chooses to disregard proper Petitions for Redress citing specific grievances concerning those rights, then, in actual fact, the people do not have those Rights.
Without the right to petition - all others are reduced from being unalienable to mere grants of privilege by the government This is intolerable to a free people.
Exercising this single right forces the government, by its response or aloofness, to declare a relationship to the people and its intents regarding the primary purpose of a limited, constitutional form of protection for the rights of the people.
November 14th will be the w atershed moment in this nation's history where the right to petition will be exercised - and enforced.
The following are some of the devices we intend to employ over the coming weeks as part of Freedom Drive 2002. On Monday, November 21, a centerfold ad will appear in the nationwide edition of the Washington Times. USA Today has foimally reviewed and agreed to run another of our nationwide full-page ads. Full-page ads will also appear in American Free Press and the Free American Magazine. Wc have designed and special ordered thousands of Liberty flags and Live Free or Die flags and bumper stickers which have begun to adorn automobiles and trucks around the country. A professional documentary film crew will join the Freedom Drive in Salt Lake City and will remain with us thiuugh November 14. To stay informed, go to the www.givemelibcrty.org website.
— The South
November 2002 The First Freedom 7
Confederate Fall Muster draws crowd despite weather
Our Linda Sewell, above, joined some 200 others at the big annual Confederate Fall Muster near Marbury. Unusually hot, muggy weather didn't dampen spirits at this Oct. 5 barbecue, where true Southerners heard inspiring speakers. Gospel and folk singers, themselves gathering atop Confederate Rest Hill to sing a cappella “Amazing Grace" and witness three volleys of musket salutes to the hundreds of CSA heroes buried there. Below, the two swordsmen (pg.I) serve also as drummer boys.
SOUTHRON BUSINESS LISTING Bonny Blue Catering - Specializing in Southern and European food. We have a 20-ft. mobile kitchen that helps guarantee the freshest, high quality food. We do not and will not use food or products from any communist country (China, etc.), and this includes the very bolts that hold our kitchen together that was built in Georgia. We use all-Southem products if possible. A portion of our profits go to supporting our Southern heritage (Friends of Forest, Southern Legal Resource Center, or your group when sponsoring an event to raise money for the cause).
(251) 965-6397 P.O. Box 817 Magnolia Springs. Alabama CSA 36555
WANTED:
The Mom A Pop shops that arc now selling American goods to smuggle also The First Freedom into the hands of those in need of truth. Such corporate giants as are willing to see us enslaved on a global plantation won't help spread the word that our South remains the last best hope for defeating nihilism. Will you? www.gulftel.com/lKunefree/adv.rates.htm
Confederate Spirit
The CD proclaimed "A musical tribute and foundation for the movement for a free South!”
BUY YOURS TODAY!
ONLY $17.75 PPD.
The only CD with the “SOUTHERN ANTHEM!"
Order by mall from:
South Carolina LoS
P.O. Box 5458, Aiken, SC 29604 Order by internet from: wwmdbdenet.org/dnframeset.html
An American Indian on immigration
By David A. Yeagley
As a direct descendant of the Comanche warrior Bad Eagle, 1839-1906,1 ’ve always been fascinated with foreigners, admired their courage and determination*They made a perilous journey from their homeland, learned a new language, new ways, and brought the world to me.
“Indian”? Naturally, most tribes prefer their own name, in their own language, and no one but themselves know of whom they speak. There is no name for “Indians’* in any tribal language. “Native American,” created in 1970 by leftists, is ambiguous. Most Indian people don’t use it-only what I call the “university tribe,” college-educated Indians led by white radical professors; and the would-be politically correct media. The name we first held, in the white man’s eyes, was “Indian.” That’s what we have been since Columbus. That’s what our most famous warriors were called. Believe me, Indians prefer the name “Indian,” historically specific, whatever its origin: the emotional, psychological picture of the warrior. The Left, of course, wants to remove that. Hey, call me savage!
America today is making the mistake we Indians made nearly four centuries ago: letting in too many foreigners. We Indians may lose this country all over again. Many white people have been brainwashed by the media to see Indians as the ultimate liberals, hut few groups in America today take a dimmer view of mass immigration than the American Indian.
According to ProjectUSA.org, the U.S. population will double within the lifetimes of our children as a result of the massive, influx of foreigners flooding our land since passage of the 1965 Immigration Act All will suffer; Indians will suffer most of all.
I’m not talking about competition for jobs, land, housing, energy, water and other finite resources - though these are all important. I’m talking about something deeper. The destruction of Anglo-America will bring final catastrophe to our people waking up one day and realizing that white people no longer control this country.
Why should an Indian care? After all, ‘white people arc supposedly our enemies.
Well, yes, they were. But, as warriors, wc allowed them worthy and formidable adversaries. Defeat is bitter, but respect for
your conqueror makes it easier to swallow.
If Anglo-America turns this land over to Blacks, Mexicans and Asians, for Indians it will be like losing this country a second time. Wc have had generations to reconcile ourselves to White America. But we do not know these new people, having fought no battles with them, made no treaties with them, found no cause to show them respect.
We Indians, especially the more warlike tribes such as my people the Comanches, recognize a kindred spirit in the White Anglo-Saxon Protestant. He is like us in more ways than he knows.
Ours was one of the most intolerant of Indian peoples. We had no use for anyone else. White, Mexican or Indian. When we came thundering down on the southwest plains, we took the land we wanted and ran everyone else off. We created the life we wanted, at the expense of other people.
The white man did the same. Only he did it on a grander scale.
Comanches were known to honor strength in other people. Our warriors even adopted white captive boys, if they happened to show courage and fight.
In many ways, Indians see the white man as a kind of adopted son: naive, reckless and destructive at times, hut cut from the same warrior cloth as we were.
We do not sec Blacks, Mexicans, Asians, Arabs and others in this light. These may have their own virtues and traditions, but share no past with us. They are strangers.
If they want to rule, they must conquer us on the battlefield, by force of arms. That is the only honorable way for a warrior.
The white man seems to have lost his spirit, and we Indians see him giving this country away. It fills our hearts with fear, for we are part of the land he is giving away. He is turning us over to strangers the way medieval barons handed over the serfs when they sold their land.
But we are not serfs. We are warriors. And we will not be ruled by people who have never fought us. The white man must regain his warrior soul and take back his land. In that fight, I will stand by his side and offer whatever strength I have to ensure his victory. Ha tu vi chat!*
•Comanche for, "ll will all work oul." Dr. David A. Yeagley Is a member of Ihc Comanche Nation, Elgin, Oklahoma. Hii website is ButlEuglc.com.
By Linda Sewell
MARBURY, ALABAMA, Oct. 5,2002r-It was a balmy day this Saturday at the Fourth Annual Confederate Fall Muster, but approximately 250 loyal compatriots came to celebrate and honor the heritage of revered ancestors and heroes. Some came from as far away as Tallahassee, Florida, in order to join this celebration and enjoy the camaraderie of fellow Southerners.
The event began with a prayer by Pastor Cecil Williamson and the singing of the Confederate National Anthem, “God Save the South,” by Mrs. Ellen Williams. Then Compatriot Wyatt Willis introduced the slate of speakers and musicians. Basic Gray and the Snowden Quartet blessed us with their Southern and spiritual music, while (former) Rep. Bob McKee played his guitar and sang some of his original Southern tunes. Each session, although different in style, was sweet music to the ears.
Dr. Michael Bradley, author/historian at Motlow State College of Tullahoma, Tennessee spoke eloquently on the real Confederate heroes, those men who were willing to die for the cause in order that others might live on. Such heroism is seldom seen in present days.
Medal of Honor recipient USMC Col. (retired) Lee Fox, spoke of his trials and tribulations serving his country for 43 years in the military, receiving the Medal of Honor, meeting and marrying the love of his life and the birth of his children, one of which he christened “Dixie Lee,” a name he had chosen for his daughter at his own tender age of 14.
At break time we partook of some deliciously prepared harbeque with all the fancy trimmings, even down to the apple
www.dixienet.org/dnframcset.htinl
pie. It was great to be in Dixie!
With the arrival on the dais of Mr. Philip Davis, local historian descended from the family of Vice President Alexander Stephens, the crowd was reminded that we must continue fighting the “PC” logic and revision of our Southern history, while honoring our heroes and ancestors. The Yankees, he said, are jealous of Southern culture, our Southern belles, and they are quite anxious to destroy all vestiges of this heritage. He noted that there is no such thing as a “Northern Belle.”
To honor our Confederate dead at Marbury we all marched up the hill to Confederate Rest for a brief ceremony. Three musket volleys were fired by Capt. Ken McGhee’s reenactors. Before ending our beautiful Confederate day, we all sang “Dixie” while gazing out upon that sea of Confederate graves, a real tear-rendering event.
All in all, it was a wonderful day to be in Dixieland. There were many Confederate books and items on sale, old friends to hug, new friends to make and news to discuss as well as many informative papers and brochures to digest. Everyone left for home with a deep sense of pride in our ancestors and heroes, our history and our heritage, filled with the hopeful prospect of returning to Marbury and celebrating again next year.
Linda Sewell of Mobile. Alabama is President of the Alabama Heritage Preservation Association.
To be free, we must live free!
Greetings, comrades in exile in Amerika! Your fellow patriots are waiting for you to join Liberty League!
The problem: the Empire-on-the-Potomac is wildly out of control, hut those around you don't notice and won't listen. You feel like an indentured servant on the Federal Plantation, donating up to 50% of your labor to feed a Beast System bent on submerging America into a godless New World Order. You feel smothered by licenses, permits and regulations, and you resent Big Brother's surveillance of your every financial transaction. You want to get “out of the system” and “off the radar screen,” hut you don’t know how. You have no voice in Congress and few allies locally to support you. You want to help “turn things around,” but you don’t know what to do. Sound about right?
Why we are losing: The major shortcoming of the freedom movement all these years has been our ongoing failure to unite on a national scale. There is indeed “strength in numbers,” yet many thousands of liberty-supporting groups — most not even aware of each other's existence! -continue to struggle, bravely yet independently, against seemingly insurmountable odds in a disconnected effort to rescue our once vital republic.
The solution: A massively internetworked fellowship of liberty-loving, real Americans supporting and patronizing each other from coast to coast, lawfully and privately, with no need for licenses, permits, regulations, taxpayer identification numbers or other fascist identifiers. After two years in the development. Liberty League launched on September 11, 2002. United, we can accomplish what no pro-liberty organization in 50 years has yet succeeded in doing: boycott the schemes and systems of those who would oppress us, and prevent the devolution of America into an armed concentration camp spelled
“Amerika.” We offer the one common platform on which all liberty-loving individuals and organizations can stand and unite. Members helping members to be free by living free! Liberty with responsibility!
Is this right for you? Is it lawful to work, hire others, buy and sell without government “permission”? Is it possible to achieve true personal and financial privacy in an emerging police state? Docs the idea of patronizing patriotic fellow Americans appeal to you? Is this safe? Is it lawful? You must decide! We arc not here for hand-holding. If you are not prepared to take responsibility for your own decisions, you may not he ready for liberty.
Member benefits: members enjoy unique benefits, including preferred pricing not available to the general, regulated public. Save on sovereignty and privacy services; on trusts and asset protection; on educational materials; on alternative health and wellness, plus much more. Sec a member-chiropractor without insurance or a SSN. A mcmhcr-carpcntcr will welcome cash and protect your privacy. Find a real church approved by God, not the IRS. Got a business of your own? Grow it by providing services and products to other members. Members take home 100% of their paycheck, with no SSN, W-4 or 1099 - 100% lawfully. Jobs and careers for patriots! Member-run businesses no longer functioning as uncompensated bookkeepers for Uncle Scam. Sound good? Click http://www.libertyleaguc.org/ to read “The Most Dangerous Message in Amerika!” The revolution has begun!
At the 2002 Texas State Fair in Dallas the real Georgia flag was among those seen flying at the fairgrounds entrance. Texans love their state flag, and this is how they’re telling all those over in Georgia struggling: “Keep it up...we’re behind y’all!”
— Setting the record straight —
In defense of terrorism
Here is one of the more insightful accounts of where we stand (orfail to stand) at this crucial juncture. It is our call to action.
By Edgar J. Steele
www.ConspiracyPaiPal.coin
"This troubled planet is a place of the most violent contrasts. Those that receive the rewards are totally separate from those who shoulder the burdens. It is not a wise leadership” - Mr. Spock of "Star Trek” (describing Ardana, where the rulers lived in luxury in a cloud city above miners working in misery.)
"That circumstances sometimes justify it... revolution is not a communist doctrine, but an old American belief.” -Justice Jackson, 1950
"Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing government and form a new one (hat suits them better. This is a most valuable and sacred right: a right we hope and believe to liberate the world.” -Abraham Lincoln, 1848
Revolutionaries and their acts of terrorism are not always to be despised. America’s first revolutionaries were terrorists, after all.
Today, they would be arrested by Ashcroft's Homeland Defense storm troopers and held without bail, without charges and without recourse to legal proceedings. If Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz had his way, they would be tortured.
Imagine George Washington’s screams as Dershowitz slides those needles he favors under George's fingernails.
Now, imagine that was your father in Washington’s place. Imagine your fury. Imagine you have nothing. Imagine the feds bulldozing your home after disposing qIyovjj father's body, crippling yo)^ mother and raping your sister in the process. You run off. dedicating your life to revenge. Imagine.
Now you begin to sec something of what so many in Palestine feel today. Why children confront Israeli tanks and snipers with stones. Why young men and women strap on dynamite and walk onto Israeli buses, ready to die. They have so little left to live for.
To our everlasting shame, America’s Congress has authorized Bush the Second tp wage war against Iraq and then against whomever else he wishes. This, despite informal polls showing American public opinion running about a hundred to one
Now is the lime for all good Santas to come to the rescue of their brainwashed children. Order four first- 3 time subscriptions before in Christmas for the total price I of $49, and each of them will j receive two MHcavt of Dixie" decals, twelve monthly issues of The First Freedom, and a card confirming your gift.
i The First Freedom i P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, AL 36576
Olaf, here's my check for S49 to help you keep printing The First Freedom and the following four to learn its truth:
I FULL NAME
| MAO
j cfrF""'"”'	STATE	ZjF
j FULL NAME 11_ |	'	I
j MAIL ADDRESS
I CITY ”	STATE	ZIP
■ FULL NAME
! qrV	~	~	~	state	zip
j fuuTOSiF
j MAIL ADDUld
j QTV ......7	"".STATS	U?
against this ill-advised “war.” Polls published in the controlled media, of course, show popular support for this aggression against a country that has done absolutely nothing to America or its legitimate interests.
Osama bin Laden lashed out at the United States a year ago, saying that every single American would be held responsible for the acts of the American Government. Most Americans laughed that off at the time. Most today consider it an illogical proposition.
After all, we don’t hate Iraqis... it’s that evil Saddam we’re really after. That’s why we’re about to kill so many innocent Iraqis, of course, just as we killed so many innocent Afghans before them, in fruitless pursuit of bin Laden. And so many innocent Serbs before them... and Somalis before them... and.... Bin Laden was right, you know.
Even though most of us don’t vote any more, we should be held accountable for what our erstwhile leaders do. As between the average Iraqi and the average American, who is more culpable, really? Who let them get where they are? Who lets them stay there?
That is the justification for actions against the general populace, and it has merit. Who else has access to the heads of America's government? How much pain will we sustain before we rise up and change our leadership? We are about to find out, I suspect.
And we deserve it.
America defends its own acts of warfare, waged with cruise missiles and bombs, whereby so many civilians are slaughtered, by saying they were unavoidable casualties, unfortunate byproducts of our pursuit of military targets. As if those people somehow are less dead than all the WTC victims.
Whgn cornered, anybody fights with whatever is available. The Iraqis and the Palestinians are cornered. Terrorism is not indefensible when it is Ml that is available. Ask Paul Revere.
When somebody is trying to kill you, your world view becomes very clear and much simplified. There is nothing like being shot at, to focus one’s attention. Try to see it from their point of view. They do not see our aggression as an attempt to liberate them from their oppressive leadership. They like their leadership. Their leadership is all that protects them from us, you see. We prove it again and again with every civilian casualty they take from American-made munitions.
The War of Here
Overconfident? This message was sent by MWiles5483@aol.com to Steele@PlainLawTalk.com on Oct. 75, 2002. Subject: Still at it
You are still at it, you little nothing of a man. Looking for someone to blame for your own failures. Did you really expect to win in Coeur d’Alene representing those losers against Dees. Instead of blaming the Jews why not take some Viagra, maybe you will feel like a man for a short while. You are like a man possessed, you anti-semitic jerk. Still watching you from Reno, Mark, the itinerant odd job guy.
MARK WILES is one of Irv Rubin’s hired thugs for the JDL. He operates out of Reno, but anytime Irv traveled (before he was jailed for attempting to blow up mosques), you could bet you would see Mark right alongside, often packing a pistol in his hip pocket. Wiles loves to threaten his targets. Visit the following link and hear how he threatened Edgar Steele: www.conspiracypenpal.com/im-ages/mwiles.wav - after which you might then want to listen in on how one of his fellow travelers stepped forward and offered to kill Mr. Steele’s little seven year old girl: www.conspiracypenpal.com/im-agcs/kelsey.wav
I have said it was the jews that are accountable for our troubles today. Strictly speaking, it is the Zionists, of course. Even more strictly speaking, most Zionists and most jews are not even really Jewish, but descendants of the Khazars of Eastern Europe. And, yes, I know that true Sephardic Jews are a distinct minority in Israel and generally reviled by their interloping brethren. I am not one to mince words, however. We know them generally as jews and that is the term we should employ.
As every jew is accountable for failing to hold his or her grasping fellow travelers in check, so are all Americans accountable for failing to hold their countrymen in check.
Just as we should hold all jews responsible for Zionism, so does bin Laden hold all Americans responsible for their insane government. This is not an irrational posture.
They don't have aircraft carriers, FI6s, ICBMs and laser-guided smart bombs. Because they don’t have the means of waging war, toe to toe, doesn’t mean they won’t carry the battle to us, mark my words. If you don’t believe me, just ask Thomas Paine.
There has come to be a most profound disconnect between America’s "leaders" and its general population, as evidenced by Congress joining Bush in his Orwellian quest. The schism also is approximately along economic lines, as the deepening recession proves. This is not America’s government of even fifty years ago, let alone the one our founding fathers established.
And the elected are now beyond the reach of the "electorate,” by virtue of a system hijacked, Enron-style, so that the officers are running every aspect of the show and paying only lip service to the shareholders (voters), so as to ensure their own longevity and wealth accumulation. It doesn’t help that they have opened America’s borders to the third world with promises of socialistic programs, to ensure the support of a flood of newcomers separated from the rest of us by culture and language.
They have looted America, with the chickens now roosting in the form of a deepening recession (can you say "depression?”) and deteriorating dollar. They have put in place the controls necessary to quell any rebellion or dissatisfaction, and we have let them do it. The mechanism is in place to wage war as a distraction from economic misery, a la FDR.
and Now
EDGAR STEELE REPLIES. Wiles, I suppose I should have sued you and Irv at the time. This constitutes another threat from you, of course, so I suppose I still could. Maybe I can get the FBI interested this time, since your pack leader has been hosed into jail for his terrorist activities. Wonder how you missed that little sweep. What is particularly Ironic is the fact that you and your fellow joo terrorist buddies created me. Going into that Aryan Nations case, I looked upon jooduhism as just another religion. You, particularly, focused my attention and caused me to reach a completely different conclusion. Was it worth It? When you people threatened to kill my little girl, you made a lifetime enemy of me. Now I am awakening others to what you parasites have been up to. Largely thanks to you, jooboy, see how you really do create your own opposition with such overreaching as leads to your demise in every country in which you scum attain supremacy? There is an awakening taking place in America and In the world. Your days are numbered. We have found you out. Again, largely thanks to you, jooboy, for the part I am privileged to play in this great undertaking. I know - you can’t help it. It’s genetic, of course. Kind of like a dog humping one’s leg. I
U.S. Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas wrote, in noting that the protection of liberty is not self-executing: "As nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression... It is in such twilight that we all must be most aware of change in the air - however slight — lest we become unwitting victims of the darkness."
Most of us simply have not been paying attention. We have become victims of the gathering darkness. America's government has become undeniably oppressive and the world’s leading exporter of death and destruction.
The time is very near now. The time to "rise up and shake off the existing government and form a new one that suits [us] better.” Seditious commentary? Only from the perspective of the tyrant. Just ask Lincoln.
New America. An idea whose time has come.
Copyright C 2002 Edgar J. Steele Forward as you wish. Permission granted to circulate among private individuals and groups, post on all internet sites and publish in full in not-for-profit publications. Contact author for all other rights, which arc reserved.
CD of fourteen original songs by Larry Smith and Nat Rudulph. One reviewer stated: Infectious melodies ... songs to live with, to have fun with ... dismisses villains in a humorous way An eclectic mix of high-lonesome biuegrass and country blues, with a wee borrowing from Scottish Irish melody, and maybe even a touch of Van Momson " Only $16 85
check or money order (includes shipping) to BASIC GRAY P.O. Box 1875. Panama Cits. FL 32402
Media mugwump
If you think reading today's papers or watching the news tells you what’s going on in the world, think again.
Journalists have a habit of congratulating themselves on their role in protecting a free press, the cornerstone of every free nation. Some years ago John Swinton, the former Chief of Staff of the Mew York Times, a man called by his peers. "The Dean of his profession," was asked to give a toast before the New York Press Club on the occasion of his own retirement in the 1950s. Swinton arose to toast a “free and independent press’’ with these cutting words:
"The business of the journalist is to destroy truth; to lie outright; to pervert; to vilify; to fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. Yon know it and I know it and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are tools and vassals for rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.”
He went on to say: "There is not such thing at this date of the world's history, in America, as an independent press. You know it and 1 know it. There is not one of you who dare to write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If 1 allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my paper, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone.”
Looking at the major American wars of the twentieth century in order to provide a context of understanding for the present war on Iraq, we have seen that, in behalf of their perennial goal of world government, our own leaders tricked us into both world wars by arranging for the murders of thousands of our own people. The next war we need to look at is the war in Korea, and to understand the war in Korea we need to look first at the United Nations.
The war in Korea was the first war the United States fought in behalf of the UN, under UN direction, for UN purposes. The present war on Iraq is another. It is painfully obvious that President Bush wants the UN to serve as protective cover for Washington's purposes. So, what is the UN? The United Nations was conceived by Communists and has always been run by Communists for Communist purposes.
Remember that after World War I, the world government conspirators failed to arrange American entry into the League of Nations, which was then the rudimentary framework of the world government they were trying to create. They inundated the American people with world government propaganda through conspiratorial outfits like the Council on Foreign Relations, with the result that they were successful in putting the United States into the United Nations after World War n. The UN was founded at the San Francisco Conference in 1945, as the war was coming to an end.
The Secretary-General at the UN conference was a distinguished gentleman named Alger Hiss, movie star-handsome, endlessly efficient and consummately charming. Hiss helped draft the UN Charter. Without credentials signed by Alger Hiss, it was impossible to get into the conference. In a historic news photo that probably appeared on the front page of every newspaper in the United States, President Harry S. Truman and Hiss are shown together on the dais.
As Director of the State Department's Office of Special Political Affairs, Hiss appointed the members of the U.S. delegation to the UN. At the infamous Yalta Conference in the Soviet Union, in February, 1945, where much of this was arranged and where central Europe was secretly deeded to Stalin, Hiss stood at the dying Roosevelt’s elbow.
There was only one problem. Alger Hiss was later exposed as a Soviet spy; he was convicted of perjury and imprisoned for lying under oath about his Communist activities. No doubt that was why, at the first London Conference in 1946, a couple of years before he was exposed. Hiss arranged for the Soviets to run UN military activities and for the United States to run UN financial activities, which meant in effect that the Soviet Union won the right to run the UN and we won the right to pay for it. It is important to note that Alger Hiss was just one of many Soviet UN maggots.
How likely is it, do you think, that George W. Bush doesn't know all this? Remember that the purpose of all this was and remains the creation of a world government, in which our own U.S. government would at first be subservient and later dissolved. One of your Intrepid Correspondent’s books could be helpful in this discussion. In The Actor (Boston, Western Islands, 1968), you will find for instance the following statement published by Foreign Affairs, the monthly periodical of the Council on Foreign Relations. John Foster Dulles, the Marxist revolutionary who was Eisenhower’s Secretary of State, is talking here about UN legislation:
“...The achievement of such a body of laws calls for a lawmaking process. And to enforce them there is required... a judicial system and police force..So far, we haven’t been able to arrange this, Dulles complains. But then he adds, “We must not
— Setting the record straight —
The “u.n.” is communist
By Alan Stang
November 2002 The First Freedom 9
accept that condition as permanent...”
Let’s see. A legislature. A judiciary. A military. Hmm. Wouldn't all that add up to a government? How likely is it, do you think, that George W. Bush doesn’t know all this?
Perhaps the best proof of what is happening comes from our own government If you have never heard of this before, you will probably not believe it.
The only thing we can suggest is that you take no one’s word for it, including mine. You can easily check it out for yourself. It is very short; you could read the whole thing in a few minutes.
We are talking of course about the State Department Publication 7277, entitled Freedom From War, The United States Program for General and Complete Disarmament in a Peaceful World, released in September 1961, during the Kennedy Administration. This was and remains official U.S. government policy: “The disbanding of all national armed forces and the prohibition of their reestablishment in any form whatsoever other than those required to preserve internal order...”
Remember, we warned you. Now, get up off the floor, find your bifocals and read it again. It really does say what you thought it did, doesn’t it? Official U.S. government policy is to eliminate all militaries, including our own. What would happen to those militaries? Would they just be disbanded? Would their arsenals just be destroyed?
No, Pilgrim. They would be handed over to something called the United Nations Peace Force. “...In Stage III progressive controlled disarmament and continuously developing principles and procedures of international law would
proceed to a point where no state would have the military power to challenge the progressively strengthened U.N. Peace Force...”
So, when the process is complete, we would be completely defenseless. We would have no military, none at all. The UN would have an invincible military, invincible because no nation could challenge it. Right now, that lesson is being taught to Iraq, which will soon be disarmed. Always the first target of such a Communist tactic is somebody everyone dislikes.
And the UN was conceived by Communists, was founded by Communists and always has been run by Communists for Communist purposes. This would eventually mean the complete Communist subjugation of the United States. Surely none of my very knowledgeable readers subscribes to the preposterous Communist canard that Communism is “dead."
Okay, maybe some Communist lunatic left over by the departing Alger Hiss wrote 7277. But the date on the subversion is| 1961, more than forty years ago, an eternity in this fast-moving world. Maybe Jack Kennedy was too busy chasing Fiddle and Faddle in the White House to know about it in the first place. And how do we know it is still U.S. government policy today? Sorry, Pilgrim, we know it because once in a 1 while we check on its status * and it is still in force. How « likely is it, do you think, that ’
George W. Bush doesn’t * know about this?
Bush lately has been ‘ calling for an ever-stronger *
UN, a UN with “spine,” a !
UN with “backbone,” a UN ‘ determined to avoid the fate * of the League of Nations. As
we have seen, such a UN would mean world dictatorship. To dramatize his commitment, Bush has put the United States back into UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, which the United States quit many years ago.
UNESCO was flooding the nation’s schools with Communist world government propaganda. That was one of its main purposes. See the UN series entitled Toward World Understanding. As always, read and decide for yourself. UNESCO hasn’t changed a jot, not even a tittle, but here we are in it again, thanks to George Bush. Is the hair on the back of your neck standing up? We’re sorry, ladies. Maybe you can work it into an exciting, new style.
Along these lines, UNICEF, the UN Children’s Fund, has recently been pushing child sex with homosexuals and with animals. In South Africa, a UNICEF outfit called LoveLife promotes sodomy and abortion. Would the victims of such programs be black?
And in the issue of June 24th, 1997, the solidly leftist Village Voice, which calls itself America’s largest weekly newspaper, reported in excruciating detail on sexual exploitation, torture and murder of children, by UN “Peacekeeping’* soldiers, including photographs of UN goons ^ literally burning a living i * child. This story should have
*	been on the front page of
*	every newspaper in the / United States. Have you ever
*	heard about it? Does George £ W. Bush know?
iwa TtllYAtm
The above article was published originally at www.EthcrZone.com. Rcpublicahon in whole is allowed with this notice and hyperlink intact. Any other use requires written permission.
The silence of the Columbine High finger-pointers
The following—widely circulated on the internet—saw little coverage by controlled, local “news "papers.
When Darrell Scott, the father of Rachel Scott, a victim of the Columbine High School shootings in Linleton, Colorado, was invited to address the House Judiciary Committee’s subcommittee, what he said to our national leaders during this special session of Congress was painfully truthful. They were not prepared for what he had to say, nor was it received well. It needs to be heard by every parent, every teacher, every politician, every sociologist, psychologist and every so-called expert! For these courageous words spoken by Darrell Scott are powerful, penetrating, and deeply personal. The following is a portion of the transcript. There’s no doubt God sent this man as a voice crying in the wilderness.
Q	ww
kjince the dawn of creation there has been both good and evil in the hearts of men and women. We all contain the seeds of kindness or the seeds of violence. The death of my wonderful daughter, Rachel Joy Scott, and the deaths of that heroic teacher, and the other eleven children who died must not be in vain. Their blood cries out for answers.
The first recorded act of violence was when Cain slew his brother Abel out in the field. The villain was not the club he used. Neither was it the NCA, the National Club Association. The true killer was Cain, and the reason for the murder could only be found in Cain’s heart.
In the days that followed the Columbine tragedy, I was amazed at how quickly fingers began to be pointed at groups such as the NRA. I am not a member of the NRA. I am not a hunter. I do not even own a gun. I am not here to represent or defend the NRA - because I don’t believe that they are responsible for my daughter’s death. Therefore I do not believe that they need to
be defended. If I believed they had anything to do with Rachel’s murder I would be their strongest opponent.
I am here today to declare that Columbine was not just a tragedy - it was a spiritual event that should be forcing us to look at where the real blame lies! Much of the blame lies here in this room. Much of the blame lies behind the pointing fingers of the accusers themselves. I wrote a poem just four nights ago that expresses my feelings best This was written way before I knew I would be speaking here today:
Your laws ignore our deepest needs, Your words are empty air.
You’ve stripped away our heritage. You’ve outlawed simple prayer.
Now gunshots fill our classrooms. And precious children die.
You seek for answers everywhere. And ask the question “Why?”
You regulate restrictive laws. Through legislative creed.
And yet you fail to understand. That God is what we need!
Men and women are three-part beings. We all consist of body, soul and spirit. When we refuse to acknowledge a third part of our make-up, we create a void that allows evil, prejudice, and hatred to rush in and wreak havoc. Spiritual presences were there within our educational systems for most of our nation’s history. Many of our major colleges began as theological seminaries. This is a historical fact.
What has happened to us as a nation? We have refused to honor God, and in so doing, we open the doors to hatred and violence. And when something as terrible as Columbine’s tragedy occurs - politicians immediately look for a scapegoat such as the NRA. They immediately seek to pass more restrictive laws that contribute to erode away our personal and private liberties. We do not need more restrictive laws.
Eric and Dylan would not have been stopped by metal detectors. No amount of gun laws can stop someone who spends months planning this type of massacre. The real villain lies within our own hearts. Political posturing and restrictive legislation are not the answers. The young people of our nation hold the key. There is a spiritual awakening taking place that will not be squelched! We do not need more religion. We do not need more gaudy television evangelists spewing out verbal religious garbage. We do not need more million dollar church buildings built while people with basic needs are being ignored. We do need a change of heart and a humble acknowledgment that this nation was founded on the principle of simple trust in God.
As my son Craig lay under that table in the school library and saw his two friends murdered before his very eyes, he did not hesitate to pray in school. 1 defy any law or politician to deny him that right! I challenge every young person in America, and around the world, to realize that on April 20, 1999, at Columbine High School prayer was brought back to our schools. Do not let the many prayers offered by those students be in vain. Dare to move into the new millennium with a sacred disregard for legislation that violates your God-given right to communicate with Him.
To those of you who would point your finger at the NRA, I give to you a sincere challenge. Dare to examine your own heart before casting the first stone! My daughter’s death will not be in vain. The young people of this country will not allow that to happen.
The First Freedom asks you to help do what the mediacracy should have done. Let the nation hear this man’s speech. Make copies and send the above to everyone you can. Order extra newspapers to pass out, or link to www.gulftel.com/homefree/p8.htm
By Jane H. Ingraham
The New American
The Creature from Jekyll Island
By G. Edward Griffin
American Media. 1994. 608pages, paperback 819.95. hardcover $29.95 wwwjnahanland.com/jckytlJitmI
Has it ever occurred to you that the federal government has no need of taxes for revenue? Are you aware that banks prefer lending to governments because governments seldom repay loans? Do you realize that if all debts, both public and private, were paid, there would be no money at all in circulation?
These are only a few of the startling facts that fill the pages of this illuminating expose of the Insider scam called the Federal Reserve System (Fed). Although author G. Edward Griffin admits to having wondered if another book on the Federal Reserve is necessary (his six pages of bibliography suggest that the subject may have previously attracted attention), it is unlikely that any book has ranged across 2,000 years of money and banking from Diocletian to the Rothschilds to Alan Greenspan - and tied it into the new world order - as thoroughly as The Creature from Jekyll Island.
Griffin cuts through the obscurities about the Fed that are intentionally meant to mystify and disarm its victims (all of us). Convinced that the subject of money and banking is too arcane and complicated to understand, we victims are trapped in a world view that utterly fails to jibe with reality. The money manipulators, says Griffin, are exploiting our ignorance for the advancement of their own appalling plans; the urgency of awakening us to our danger has driven Griffin to write this extraordinary book.
Although Griffin has never held an academic position, he is a top-notch teacher. Making this little-understood subject simple by splendid organization, his account is divided into six sections with varying numbers of chapters; each section and chapter is introduced by a concise paragraph while each chapter is also summarized. Thus the reader is kept in touch with where he has been and where he is going, an ingenious and helpful device considering the enormous scope of Griffin's narrative.
His explanations and definitions are meticulously worded; one can sense the care with which each word was chosen, leaving no room for confusion. Griffin continually draws documentation from primary sources, quoting letters, speeches, and published works that both enlighten and horrify. His own writing is difficult to quote; it is so trenchant that nearly every sentence entices.
Yet at the same time Griffin has mastered the art of speaking personally to the reader, who never loses the feeling of being directly addressed. All this adds up to a superbly clear, engrossing book that, once started, is impossible to put down.
Setting the Stage
In order to help us fully understand our present predicament, Mr. Griffin ranges far afield in explaining the historical, economic, and political antecedents of today's money system. We are given a crash course on the nature of money; the origin of banks and the concept of fractional reserves; how this led to the seductive idea of using the same money over and over; how this inevitably led to economic disaster wherever and whenever tried. We are instructed about the Rothschild formula, which perfected the art of making enormous profits from loans to governments, especially for wars; how this led to preventing any one nation from becoming strong enough to establish peace (the famous balance of power); how those who could instigate wars or revolutions were financed (including the Bolsheviks in 1917); how we Americans were sucked into World War I in order to save J.P. Morgan's loans to England; how
environmentalism is now the weapon of choice replacing war.
We are taken to the super-secret meeting of Insider financiers and Rothschild agent Paul Warburg on Jekyll Island in 1910 where the basic plan for what became the Federal Reserve Act was formulated; we learn that these plotters were already affiliated with the conspiratorial British one-world Round Table group which preceded the Council on Foreign Relations (our secret government); we are astounded by the brazen deception of Congress that pushed through this unconstitutional act creating the Insiders’ fundamental tool — a central bank with the ability to inflate. We are told how this same tool has been expanded internationally through the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank in order to create worldwide inflation, pay enormous sums of perpetual interest on never paid-up loans to Insider banks, and socialize the Third World, all courtesy of us unsuspecting taxpayers. Lastly, Griffin foretells our dismaying fate if our course is not altered; then he lays out a step-by-step procedure of how to alter it, inviting us to join with him in doing so.
Griffin looks the Fed “creature” straight in the eye and tells us it is not federal, it has no reserves, and it is not a bank. It is, in fact, a pernicious cartel operating against the public interest
The widespread belief that the Federal Reserve exists to “stabilize the economy” is hogwash; the real reason for its existence is the making of money - not out of “thin air” as is commonly supposed, but, more accurately, out of debt. Griffin explains that it is the act of borrowing by the federal government that causes money to spring into existence.
Griffin takes us through the Open Market steps by which Treasury lOUs (bonds) are inverted by the Federal Reserve into money through the issuance of Federal Reserve checks with no money in existence to cover them; anyone else doing this would go to jail.
Congress has made this legal for the Fed, however, because this hidden process allows our congressmen to enjoy unlimited revenue without having to visibly raise taxes. Without this service, says Griffin, the monetary/political partnership would dissolve, and Congress would abolish the Fed.
Money Multiplied
Griffin explains that these Federal Reserve checks are endorsed by the government, deposited in a Federal Reserve bank, and used to pay government expenses by checks which create the first wave of fiat (unbacked paper) money that floods into the economy.
Recipients deposit these checks into commercial banks that are part of the Fed system. Here is where the real inflationary action is. (The Federal Reserve holds “only” seven percent of the national debt of almost $5 trillion. The 12 percent held by foreigners and the 56 percent held by Americans are not inflationary because the money used for purchase already existed.)
Commercial banks, like the Federal Reserve, also create money out of nothing — and collect interest on it—by multiplying every dollar deposited nine times. This amazing feat is accomplished through the device of fractional reserves, whereby the Fed allows 90 percent of deposits to be loaned out. As deposits become loans and loans become deposits, this process repeats with smaller numbers each time around. For instance, SI million in government money (first wave) gives birth to $900,000 (second wave), which gives birth to $810,000 (third wave), etc., until the process plays itself out. Thus, the banking cartel creates an amount of money that is nine times the amount of the original government debt that made the process possible.
Griffin shows that when the original debt is added in, the Federal Reserve and the commercial banks together have created
approximately ten times the amount of the underlying government debt. Since this newly created money causes the purchasing power of all money to decline, the resulting rise in prices is, in reality, a hidden tax. As Griffin puts it:
Without realizing it,
Americans have paid over the years, in addition to their federal income taxes and excise taxes, a completely hidden tax equal to approximately ten times the national debt!
Griffin is astonished at the public's indifference to this fleecing; he blames it on ignorance based on disinformation.
Nothing could prove him more right than the current deception that inflation is higher prices caused by full employment and a strong economy; therefore, letting the “steam” out of the economy and slowing growth (and thereby employment) is “good.” This talk is madness. Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve (who has the temerity to say he is “worried about inflation”), is repeating this claptrap as he pretends to control inflation by increasing interest rates that merely devastated the bond market, clobbered the stock market, and helped only the bankers. Thus the Insiders are perfectly protected and the scam rolls on.
There are many more threads to Griffin’s discourse on the operations of the banking cartel that should not be missed, such as:
■	How holders of Treasury bonds can be paid off only by the creation of an identical bond out of nothing.
■	Why the U.S. has to be, must be, in debt.
■	How the Discount Window (Fed loans to banks) creates more phony money.
■	How the federal government could operate without levying any taxes whatsoever.
■	How the Fed causes booms and busts.
■	How, since 1913, our money has depreciated by over 1,000 percent.
■	How a gold standard automatically stabilizes prices.
■	How the Fed can now monetize the debts of foreign governments!
Without the extensive knowledge offered by Griffin, no American can fully understand the financial reality of our time.
Understanding the Game
Also critical to our reality check is an understanding of how the Fed protects and enriches the banking brotherhood in the international arena. The game our Insiders are playing makes the Rothschilds look like novices. Here it is in a nutshell: The game starts with a mammoth loan (created out of nothing through the magic of fractional reserves) from one of our megabanks (Citicorp, Chase Manhattan, Bank of America, etc.) to a Third World country with scant means of servicing the debt much less ever repaying the principle.
Are these top bankers stupid? Hardly; Griffin explains that this is the kind of loan these bankers love, since they make their money from interest on the loan, not on repayment of the loan. They prefer the loan never to be repaid. They know they can’t lose because the Federal Reserve guarantees that massive loans that go into default will not be allowed to seriously affect the issuing bank (too big to fail) because this would “disrupt the entire economy.”
So, says Griffin, “since the System makes it profitable for banks to make large, unsound loans, that is the kind of loans banks will make. Furthermore, it is predictable that most unsound loans will go into default.” Sure enough; pretty soon default threatens. The bank creates additional money out of nothing and lends that so its interest stream continues on both the original loan plus the new loan (the “roll-over” play). At the next crisis, the bank creates still more money out of nothing to cover the interest on both loans plus an additional amount for the
borrower to spend freely (the “up-the-ante” play). Finally the bank agrees to a lower interest rate and a longer period for repayment (the “rescheduling” play). Eventually it is time for the “Final Maneuver.” Congress agrees to guarantee future payments and the whole mess is shifted to the backs of U.S. taxpayers while the borrower is trapped into an IMF “austerity” program that makes an “end run” around his sovereignty.
Now money moves through various foreign-aid channels to the deadbeat borrower, who continues to pay perpetual interest to the bank. Almost all of this money is generated by the Federal Reserve; as it moves out into the economy it dilutes the value of the money already there. The American people, says Griffin, have no idea they are footing the bill to enrich the Insider bankers.
Founders* Fears Realized
Readers may be surprised to learn that the Federal Reserve is the fourth central bank the United States has had, the previous three having crashed in inevitable raging inflation and widespread economic disaster. So clearly did our Founders understand and fear worthless paper money forced on the public by legal tender laws (precisely what we now have) that they filled the proceedings of the Constitutional Convention with statements of their horror of it. We Americans today, deprived of hearing such truth, need to listen to their words:
■	George Mason of Virginia: “I have a mortal hatred of paper money.”
■	John Langdon of New Hampshire: “I would rather reject the whole [Constitution] than grant the new government the right to issue fiat money.”
■	George Reed of Delaware: “The right to issue fiat money would be as alarming as the mark of the beast in Revelation.”
■	Thomas Paine: “The punishment of a member of Congress who should move for such a law ought to be death.”
Griffin does not stop with presenting the known picture, but projects today’s reality into the future. His first projection is a doomsday scenario; his second is a realistic plan for saving our country and ourselves. These chapters might, after all, be the most important ones in the book.
Griffin sees doomsday as an engineered financial debacle the severity of which will cause panicked Americans to welcome a World Bank “rescue” with a world currency. The IMF/World Bank is already functioning - in conjunction with the Federal Reserve - as a world central bank. A world currency is already designed, awaiting a crisis to justify its introduction. From this point on, writes Griffin, there will be no escape from the new world order. At present the U.S. is being deliberately weakened by seemingly insane spending both at home and abroad: As just one more dismaying example, during President Clinton’s trip to Europe he blithely promised more billions of dollars to Poland. Ukraine, and the Baltic countries. The name of the game is to spend - on anything, anywhere. The object is to bring down the system.
Life in the New World Order
What will life be like in the Insiders' new world order? Gnffin spells it out from the words of the Insiders themselves. One source is the 1966 secret Hudson Institute study commissioned by Defense Secretary Robert McNamara, entitled Report from Iron Mountain.
This study cold-bloodedly discusses various means by which government might control the populace and perpetuate itself in power in the absence of war (UN peace).
Griffin’s review (with extensive quotes) of this truly diabolical Insider study is masterful; he takes it apart and shows us its (See “The Creature,” page 12)
10 The First Freedom November 2002	—The ClUpitC
A second look at Federal Reserve
November 2002 i ne r»«»«.. _
On Sunday, October 6, 2002, at 11:53 AM, Olaf Childress wrote: Words fail me to describe what y’all missed.
I CONFEDERATE FALL MUSTER
I didn’t. I attend all of them, and, like you, am sorry for those that weren't there. 1 had to leave a little early due to some family obligations, and unfortunately missed some of the activities. Keep up the good work with The First Freedom.
GARY W. HEARON Jones
That sounds like a great Confederate gathering. Here in Hellanta we were at the Governor's mansion protesting King Roy Barnes at his $l0,000.00/plate dinner with the Jewish lobby. Besides our 40 heritage flaggers, there were a group of 1014 Black Panthers protesting the governor and us, the Black clergy protesting Barnes, the Billy and Cynthia McKinney crowd of protestors, and a few teachers against Barnes. We did get the TV coverage of our protesting his flag change that we could never afford to purchase. We accomplished our mission of embarrassing King Roy in front of the billionaires pushing one world government and this on TV, newspapers also reporting.
I hope such events will help our Southern heritage support to grow. Confederate^,
E. S. COLEMAN Mableton, GA
Didn't miss the 5 October 2002 Fall Muster! We had a great time. “We’uns” (Philip, Rose Mary and Christopher Davis) were there. You were just too busy to speak to me (RoseMaiy). Keep up the good work with the newspaper; we appreciate your hard work. Chris, our son, is one of the charter members of the Semple SCV Camp 2002 here in Montgomery; he lives and works in Atlanta, and I feel sure he would enjoy your newsletter email messages.
ROSEMARY DAVIS Montgomery
We don't have to secede, having done so in I860. But we must free ourselves of the Yankee empire and its godlessness before our culture, heritage and sense of self are lost for all time. This is happening, and it becomes worse every day via television, Yankee textbooks, spineless and brainless school teachers and administrators. No one cooquers a people completely so long as its symbols, culture and heritage remain. This has been a conscious attempt by the federal government since 1865. Email me no more if you and yours advocate kissing up to the Yankee Empire. Deo vindice,
GREG CREECH Auburn
Edited for length and milder language.
I restrain myself even when discussing Yankees, because, Deo vindice, we must avoid profanity and carnage in teaching fools. When Philip Davis says we’ll not secede now and leave them defenseless without Southern men, provided their New York medio capital stops sending “leaders” and “minorities” against our symbols, that’s no concession but a hint,
HEART OF DIXIE
Got ’em. They are now proudly displayed on five vehicles. Thanks.
HAROLD SORENSEN Rutledge
I recently had to renew my car tags and was forced to buy one of those crappy Stars Fell On tags. I asked why I could not keep my old Heart of Dixie tag and was told that everyone had to buy the new tags. I told the
lady, ‘That’s OK, I have a sticker to put over their crap.I * * * * * * * 9* She said they had called
the State Troopers and asked about people covering the Stars Fell On, and were in-
formed anyone covering that part of the tag
would be ticketed. How do you suppose
they’ll write it up? I would like to know.
Maybe you could check into this and let
everyone know. Recent Subscriber,
RICKY SPRINKLE 'Bky Minette
[aXUa*
Your signed Idler with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (Sec masthead on page 2. >
At Foley they have doxens of assorted specialty tags displayed but, when handed the “something fell on” version and telling the girl I wanted one with our lawful motto, informed that I can’t put a Heart of Dixie sticker over Alvin Holmes’ phony slogan, with a deputy standing right beside me at the counter, I replied, “Just watch me.” My old pickup Is a mess, but its license plate tells everybody Alabama is the Heart of Dixie. When a law officer orders one of us to remove It, stars will hit the fan from here to Goat Hill and beyond. We’re waiting for that gung-ho Rosa Parks of a cop. -Ed.
CLICK SOUTH I love your emails and don’t want to miss a single one. I am in the process of changing my ISP so please send all future emails to eastreb@clicksouth.net. Will still have AOL until the end of the month. Check them out, they are the only openly pro Southern ISP in the country - and they beat AOL hands down on prices and tech support.	RICK UHLIG
Shallowatcr. TX Selective shopping makes sense. Avoid the ISP that’s moving sheeple toward the LCD, and don’t think Big Jew incapable of peddling his virus as the cure.
JUST THE FACTS Having been shown The First Freedom by a friend, I was very impressed with the September issue’s articles by John Bryant and Linda Sewell. It’s good to know there are a few people left who tell the facts and most of ail the truth. Marlin Luther King lived by violence and died by violence. I would like a subscription to this, the most interesting paper in the Heart of Dixie.
PEGGY SHEFFIELD Saraland
I most certainly admire your dedication. It's like looking in a mirror. You are fighting for Alabama, and I am waging a similar battle for our country. I want to assure you that when the time comes, I will vote for whomever you pick for our local ballot I can’t keep track of all the candidates right now, but I do hope that, a day or so before the election, you will publish a list of recommended candidates. I will vote for whomever you select. TOM SMITH
Fairhopc
Watch our website address on page 1.
Ta Hahahaha, I’m reading the great new FF but can’t get past page 1 Vi because I’ve already died larfing! — characteristic John Lenin expression. Thank u 4 it! A/.W. PS: I’ve somehow made it to page 1% — “NAACPies.” Love ill I’ve coined the term “NAACPocracy” (nas-'pak-rc-se) for rule by the NAACP, or black supremacism generally. Feel free to add it to your arsenal. PPS: You will, I trust, mail copies (6 all pertinent parties - Mary @ VandRebuilt, Fred Reed (love it), etc.? A tedious job but one I think worthwhile.
NELSON WALLER Anderson, SC The writers of letters and articles are always sent copies of TFF if not already subscribed. Poor Mary begged: Remove! which was done here, but the public just kept forwarding her Its verdict.
[State Rep.] Jack Venable stopped by my store a couple of weeks ago, wanted me to know he was handing out checks to schools for new state flags. We got into a discussion about his drive for changing Alabama's constitution and boundaries. He said hurricanes have altered the coastline among other things, and if the U.N. wants to take over Alabama, having boundaries defined won’t stop them. His group wants to rewrite the constitution “to keep others from using a rewrite to raise taxes.” 1 gave him several issues of The First Freedom.
I am sure he and his buddies enjoyed them.
LLOYD A. CAPERTON Weoguflca
Just wanted to verify that I am still on your mailing list, since I have not received any email from you after October I.
FRANK RUSSELL therebel way@msn .com The big list goes out once or twice a month. A local group (In on the Alabama conspiracy) receives more often, but few get every post - “Recipient over quota,** etc. For more on those less competent ISPs, see “Terminal Phase,” page 12.
GOVERNOR’S RACE I have removed the sender’s identity. Some more thoughts on Sophocleus and the Libertarian Party. This was sent to me: “John Sophocleus is not with us on the race question, the basic bone of contention I had with him early on with LoS. I feel sure this is why he was tolerated at Aubum as long as he was. To sum up Libertarians, they believe everyone is free to do as he pleases so long as it hurts no one else. This is the greatest evil, and they are willing to put it in print, i.e., they say God's Law is a myth. This is the basic lie of Jacobinism, equalitarianism, the human rights heresy.
ELLEN WILLIAMS Leroy
True, the L Party Is no less evil than the R-D Party, but vote for either branch of the R-D Party and you throw away your vote, constitution, private property and state boundaries. That the L Party is willing to put Its evil platform in print speaks less evil of them than Skull’n’Bones* secret War on the World.
Thanks for printing my comments and song/poem. It got rejected in the patients* newsletter even with my editing it to change the negative tone — solely because the director of one unit does not know the song, “K-K-K-Katie” and thought it had Ku Klux Klan relations. So much for our un-un-undcr-educated society. Perhaps as I continue to read The First Freedom, I shall become as knowledgeable as many contributors and readers, and always vice versa.	BEVERLY JO JONES
Saraland
PROJECT DOUBLE BARREL The past two Saturdays a friend and 1 have put out 500 flyers (1,000 total) to homes in Alabama senate District 2 against Tom Butler stating facts. Both days it took from 11 AM to 6 PM but it was well worth it. We ended Saturday by dropping two in the Democratic Headquarters door after hours and clipping one outside using their own clippy. What feedback from people in other areas participating in Project Double Barrel?	TERRI	FULTON
Ardmore
The goats monitoring this action also want that appraisal you’re asking for. Let’s Just keep putting the sheer on the whole dozen and watch what happens.
TRAITORS, TREASON Bill, thanks for sending this front page gem of research, and the author’s permission to print It.
I’m glad you have followed through on this [14th Amendment lie] item, certainly a well written piece by Lisa Guliani. Thank you for taking the article and running with it. Deo Vindice.	BILL COX
Pike Road
HAL
Has “Hal” - the robotic mind aboard “2001, A Space Odyssey” - attempted to gain control of your computer? If MS Outlook deletes your Cc, Blind Carbon Copy and Subject lines, to get them back on a new mail message click: View, Message Header; View, Cc Field; View, Bcc Field. If this helps anybody, tell me. Let’s not be outflanked on the Internet like we were when the enemy captured all our dally newspapers.
Hal is not a computer. Hal is a man named Hill Gates*, the CEO of Microsoft.
And yes, he does have control of your computer. He orders his engineers to do something. The engineers have their computers instruct your computer to comply.
LEWIS STIRLING DOHERTY IV lsdoherty@earth) ink. net
In Microsoft I use Outlook Express, and sometimes see things do change as if on their own — but it is usually after I’ve downloaded a patch or update or service pack from Microsoft.
STEPHEN WOODFIN BAUER
Montgomery
I described a flurry of virus attacks against Confederate web groups at my website, www.rebelgray.com. There is no doubt that we are being targeted. I recently read an article at Frontpage ezine that the conservative author has also received numerous virus emails since he started attacking certain leftist positions.
GARY WALTRIP Hollister, CA
Thank you. f will now go and see if I might be able to further use Outlook. I gave up on it a few months ago because it no longer let me send. KEN CLEMENTS
Montgomery
A lot of companies believe they know best what updates you want and when. I think my computer is constantly evolving, a scary thought To Bcc the new Outlook, click: New Mail (or Reply) to bring up a new message. Click View to make the menu drop down, and click All Headers. That should do it. “Fear God, love the South, and live to avenge her!” was written by a lady named Hannah Rawlings of Fredericksburg, VA, during the summer of 1865 in a letter to her sister. Those were the three things that she wished to teach the children of Virginia.	GREG KAY
Letart WV
With Outlook Express 6, to send a blind copy click Tools, then select recipients. You will see your list of addresses and Send To, Cc and Bcc. Just highlight the addresses and double click Bcc, Ok, and they go in your Outbox. I haven’t had mine do an automatic update that 1 know of.
STACY WADE HARRIS II Franklin County, NC
Contrary to your belief that Microsoft has done something contrary, you caused the difference in view. If you click on View in the menu above and then Message Header you will have the Cc and Subject fields returned. Perhaps you should reduce your daily intake of paranoia. I have heard it interferes with common sense. Aloha.
ALAN HOWARDSON Gabnola. BC I’m sorry you caught my paranoia, missed the humor and didn’t notice my giving the remedy you’ve repeated. Such nonchalance is a bit out of place these days. But don’t worry, we Rebs will save you Royalists for the umpteenth time.
I receive almost daily emails from people I don’t know, with nonsensical Subject and sometimes no message.
TYRONE CROWLEY Prattville
I had the same problem about two months ago. I'm using Word for my email with Outlook 2000 SR-1 and all updates. Don’t remember how I solved it now but it took a couple of days. Art you using just Outlook or arc you using it with Word?
JAMES “LEE” WEAVER Peachtree City, GA I write from both Word and Outlook.
We've all been hit lately. I know someone who has been hacked. It’s definitely Jews. Avoid using Outlook. It's a target for that kind of thing. I use Pegasus. It’s not prone to these attacks and is free.
DAVID SANDLIN Houston. TX
Terminal Phase
Had the media only acted as their name indicates - 'med-e-um (n) a channel of communication - we might've been spared those blackest of the twentieth century's lies. While at home the exchange of ideas is direct, and from afar certain immediate conduits serve as well, beyond that, one must depend on a third party to gather and broadcast the necessary information for an orderly society. But how shall its interests be preserved when that infidel of a courier exercises a covert agenda, neglects his charge, thinks himself more than a passive herald of unbiased news by conveniently losing certain data and filling the void with doctored preferences so as to render a false report?
Such a messenger isn't worth shooting! He has an agenda? No, it's worse than that Today's lightweight reporter is a courtesan seeking favor with his keepers. It's their Big Plan, not his own: propaganda rather than information.
Those of us who shun the captive media and access balanced journalism elsewhere are well served, be the news good or bad in that it's the truth. One selects a channel for the converse of others, whether to receive or impart information. Naturally it's both, as that choice is itself a statement.
The client receptor, in summoning an uncommunicative event or actor, delegates a specific medium to be his interpreter. That detective is retained to ferret out only such matter as the employer desires. Yet all too often, your translator dances along the way to a siren song of utopianism, the one paying for services having been outbid by the producers of Newspeak. They order the strumpet to stick with his disinformation “guidelines.” He isn’t really a concubine in bed with those masters as imagined, for the latter despise useful idiots. So, what’s in it beyond the pay for this ever-faithful little “journalist?”
Lauding “activists'* with good press at the same time deriding as “reactionaries” ordinary citizens who undertake sensible measures to safeguard their constitutional freedoms, he has the smug satisfaction of thinking himself lying (both senses) in that harem mistaken for power.
Prior to the internet, few of us noticed such perfidy, for which reason let’s pass lightly over our couch potato vulnerability. We couldn't have imagined back then how a sovereign individual might become, via mind-massage, a programed mercenary. Yet, all the time, our treacherous herald -the false servant - was idealizing foreign doctrines, and suggesting debauchery to a generous republic. We’re too civilized to kill that bringer of bogus news; however, the phony who spreads injurious myths has to be removed from office.
A dawning information era promises to recoup some of those losses. Filtering the prompts and previews that have titillated and bombarded our senses heretofore, now an online viewer uses his own judgment in selecting incoming transmissions. So the
By Olaf Childress
big Jew, he who bought up the media, has again miscalculated, even after instituting American industry’s self-flagellation, and accepting its surrender to his New World Order. Sir, you’ve only purchased a crop of poltroons, pundits and politicians.
The competitive market is emerging from under that yoke. As these screening services prosper according to how well they satisfy today’s clients, further in this communications age we shall see such proxy agents and critics much in demand; gaining lists of subscribers commensurate with their tastes and dictates,.
Media advocates for big government will no longer be able to mount separate benches and confuse both sides of every debate, once an effective filter preserves the individual by reining in its opposite. Free choice, clear of brainwashing, should be a blessing for all. To the misinformed, however, removing censorship invites x-rated movies, even as they fail to see any problem with government snoopervision blocking schools and libraries from truths deemed “offensive” by the Jewish lobby.
Pornography has been around. It was never targeted, but rather promoted, by the infiltrating Jew. Liberating our managed minds from his censorship will recover the fundamental right not to be assimilated into that harem, while soaring rather above and beyond those vulgar films, books and people always aiming for the LCD.
Thus each person seeks his own; and no requirement that every poster make some kind of Multicultural'' statement Perhaps we’ll at last view a film series even on the formerly right-wing highbrow Bill Buckley’s dashing cold warrior, Blackford Oakes, spouting intellectual witticisms while making love to Sally - not unlikelier than Superman or James Bond, both of whom have been accepted. The formerly black-and-white (now colorized) films will still be available along with miscellaneous trash and gems brought forth over many years. Movie filth may survive in all its various degradations, newer forms being added. Throughout all the arts and ardors we’ll see no bottoming or topping out, so as never to reach an absolute limit in either direction. Whithersoever one governs his desires, there shall he strive. No unordered road map can penetrate these electronic barriers set up by our recently empowered sovereign.
Information technology promises to bring every home or business the matter called for and none other. A competitive provider responding to the demands of his customer can be expected, even if only by educated guesswork, to keep out unwanted traffic while introducing news of interest. Naturally it will still be possible to go shopping on the electronic screen not only for clothes and tools, but programs of any kind; for the terminal boss has simply to disable his self-imposed censorship.
Watch for lolling Hollywood and New York’s Gay and Lesbian (i.e., their “elite”)
happens to the economy or our freedom is of no consequence “when the very planet on which we live is sick and dying.”
Griffin introduces us to multi-millionaire Maurice Strong, the powerful UN environmental czar, who gives us the whole line: The U.S. is committing environmental aggression against the rest of the world. Current lifestyles of the affluent middle class - high meat intake, frozen and convenience foods, electric household appliances, cars, air conditioning, suburban housing - all this has to go. The world’s ecosystems can be preserved only by lowering our standard of living by rationing, taxation, and political domination by world government.
Reading this section will forever change the way in which you view government. Yet, says Griffin, this perverted, power-mad Insider fix need not prevail. None of these dreadful things needs to happen. He
outlines a procedure by which the Federal Reserve can be abolished, the national debt paid, and the country returned to a sound monetary system based on silver and gold.
All that is needed are the efforts of concerned and caring Americans. Griffin invites us to join him in freeing ourselves from the one-world conspirators.
It can be done.
But what can / do?
Most stories in this newspaper seem to be right on target, but what can / do?
The decision to take charge of your own affairs and responsibilities is step one toward self-government And let me beg that you assist The First Freedom in any way you can. To grow, to reach others. Make noises, write letters, help promote Tax Moratorium Day, work to oust the dirty dozen listed on page 3.
The Creature from Jekyll Island
(Continued from page 10) consummate evil. The study’s premise is that historically the only means by which a government has ever been able to “secure the subordination of citizens to the state” is war. Only war has been able to provide the external threat without which no government can accumulate power. War is used to make the masses put up with all kinds of privation, taxation, and controls without complaint No amount of sacrifice in the name of victory is rejected. Resistance is viewed as treason.
But, says Griffin, Report From Iron Mountain explains that the war system may have to be replaced because “it may now be possible to create a world government in which all nations will be disarmed and disciplined by a world army, a condition which we will call peace.” In this case, what could be a substitute for war?
Here, explains Griffin, is the origin of the stratagem to promote ecological doom as the new enemy that threatens the entire world. The threat need not be real, provided the masses can be convinced it is real. Credibility is the key, not reality. Griffin writes that Report From Iron Mountain explains the avalanche of phony scientific claims, uncritically publicized by the Insider-controlled media, as well as the funding of environmental “crazies” by corporations and businesses that would appear to have the most to lose. He sees the plan as being brilliantly successful.
The barrage of propaganda has had a phenomenal result. Politicians are now being elected on nothing but “concern for the environment and a promise to clamp down on nasty industries,” with no one caring about the damage done to the economy or our freedoms. Just as no sacrifice is too great in time of war, what
The challenge of information technology
Division to continue receiving most of the prizes wherever the creators of books, films, and other arts are acclaimed. The market is wising up to such promotions, however, as consumers realize the critics, like themselves, are mere humans - and some hardly that.
Increasingly alert subscribers prefer the opinions of however few honest reviews. Others assume popular or class demand as a guiding principle, whatever; and so their providers are instructed accordingly. Yet maybe the biggest challenge of all, whether in books or films or other media, will be the screening agent’s job of finding any work addressing this one aspect of the Big Lie: Hollywood’s and New York’s need first to destroy religion and freedom before Utopia might emerge.
Why their hurry to subordinate publicly elected officers under a bureaucracy in thrall to that axis before extrapolating the logistics of One World government to the satisfaction of the people it supposedly would benefit, and even necessary to deny God?
Those lords shy away from the subject, as well they should; for such propaganda aims to neutralize, by any means, whatever stands in the way of a hostile ideology; and Jeffersonian constitutional government prevents the consolidation of those forces, keeping the media gods from their thrones.
Undeniable is the fact that the united States of America, having proclaimed at inception their divine sanction, holding onto representative democracy longer than any major power in history, might truly be called - as well after the War of Northern Aggression - the most progressive country of them all. Glancing back into antiquity we see that, even with so many splendid monuments, and commendable literature including brilliant insights into nature's law, Athens and Rome never enjoyed such universal prosperity as ours. What distant son of a foreign shore would give up sweet home Alabama to go back there? Show me, I want to see the “oppressed minority” of mediacracy's madness wishing to enlist in their colonies elsewhere.
But, of course, we may be wrong. No, not about our accomplishments. What I mean is, no sane person would undertake to force such precepts as have worked well here onto others struggling with altogether different problems. Please stop snickering, go back and read the sentence again.
Actually, some of us would. Americans were understandably horrified, following that media-manipulated “election” which put ludicrous President Bill Clinton in charge of “exporting democracy,” nothing new - Lincoln, a couple of Roosevelts, Wilson and two Bushes having Caesarian fits, too - except that this draft-dodger was sending sexually-integrated “fighting” units into separate invasions of Somalia, Serbia, and Haiti, three tiny countries which had done us no harm. As reported in the conservative monthly Chronicles. of
the three only the Serbians had the foggiest notion what democracy was about; and the media were assigning troops there to crush that nation's historical stand against chaos, reopening Europe by calculated design to Muhammadanism.
The oldest profession would continue, but its mediacracy was losing customers to a new electronic means: the internet. While this last-ditch campaign played all-out, we who knew what was going on almost had to admire the way they covered up far greater atrocities committed by forces opposing the Serbs. With many tribes and religions fighting equally among themselves and not just against the Christian Serbs, down the memory hole went World War II Bosnia’s complicity with the Gestapo - when those valiant Serbs had fiercely resisted Hitler's Blitzkrieg, the others capitulating without a struggle. Nota bene. Alabama! This War of the Words isn’t assaulting your sovereign willpower without cause. Enslavement by the name of Utopia, would smell as putrid.
Having lost their long-standing myth of Yugoslavian ethnic integration - well, this has shaken them; the Big Plan can't be far behind. It was an exquisite moment the lords on that mountain top fuming as the century neared its close, undecided just what to tell Slick Willie Clinton and Boris Yeltzin their next assignments would be. Governments worldwide had been falsely preaching the religion of man's resolving everything, no need for higher guidance.
Secularism saw its New World Order reconciling the lion with lamb; and would, as the seventies jingle had it “love to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony.” But before that naive little songstress pacifies Serb and Turk, or remonstrates the big fish to stop eating the little ones, she will have found sufficient leisure to consider her ow n warbling qualifications, or lack thereof.
Attuning democracy to the startlingly complex opportunities and dangers newly discovered on the information frontier now opening before our eyes impels the best minds to immediately focus their attention, not just in communications, nor confined to a shamefully stagnant academia; for, were it again left up to the same ruling elite which gave us Newspeak, engineered the patently unconstitutional “guidelines” of the Civil Rights Acts and dispatched ’Thought police” to patrol for equal results throughout our formerly private sector, then self-rule and individual enterprise are done for. Liberty has lately become a lady of suspect reputation. And when a nation arrives at that pass, if she would have my allegiance, let her former and future claims to virtue be announced in succinct English; after which this indigenous sovereign will reply in kind. I shall not teach Somalia to sing, but if anybody outside sweet home Alabama hears my melody and likes it. I may stick a feather in my hat. Hereabouts respectability is lost, renewed, enlarged, denied or brought low as the provocation is met, ignored, or fled.