Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named "four freedoms.” But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
Volume 2 Number 12

n
om

Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
http://www.gul flel.com/homefree/
December 2000
$1.00
One reader was appalled at finding among last issue’s Who are we? list of Alabama patriotic groups the Tuscaloosa-based League of the South: “Those people advocate secession, for God’s sake!”
Sure, and March Against Crime wants an International City/County Management
Association-approved government for Mobile, which not all voters would be hot for. But neither organization pushes its agendum by other means than a plebiscite.
So, where does that leave the Mobile Register, which, aflcr repeated rejections of its calls for higher taxes at the ballot box,
still chirps for, yep, higher taxes - even as it ignores or distorts what those civic gatherings arc about. That’s why few are aware the League of the South’s declared purpose is simply, “We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the
Southern people by all honourable means.” (They prefer Old South spelling.) Let’s try it without the exclamation point. ‘Those people advocate secession, for God’s sake.” And if you still can’t grasp that most of what’s on the news racks today is “political,” here follows a rare treat from the Colonel:
Censorship and cowardice: trashing the conservative counterpoint
//’s an interesting and enjoyable experience writing for The First Freedom. We aren *t professionals in the media business9 but citizens who take our responsibility serious and stay active in the civic affairs of community and State.
By Nick Jongebloed
Chairman, March Against Crime
I believe the business of America is not merely business, but the true business of America is freedom. To those who labor in civic groups and appeal through The First Freedom, this means getting at the root of truth: freedom to criticize, to goad and stimulate every group, every politician and institution in the community including our friends and associates.
There is controversy across the entire spectrum of our lives, and this makes up a vital part of the news. The First Freedom prints not only what happens, but also what people think has happened and the value readers place on things taking place. In this vein I shall relate a personal story which involves Amendment One to the United States Constitution.
It deals with censorship and cowardice. Not in the same way as, say, the problems faced by novelist Salman Rushdie for his perceived blasphemies against Islam. In that case, remember, a mandate given by Ayatollah Khomeini of Iran that Rushdie be executed brought leading booksellers into a quandary. Some caved in to literary sniveling and pulled the novel from their shelves. This drew the wrath of writers and pro-First Amendment pundits throughout the country in 1989, and rightfully so.
As for a personal brush with the same mindset, Dorothy and I had been members of the “Fit for Life” program at Providence Hospital in Mobile since April, 1999, when this happened. Following my three-month regimen in the Cardiopulmonary Rehabilitation unit because of a quadruple bypass at that same hospital the previous December, we enjoyed meeting new friends and, after exercises, spent time discussing various topics in the coffee lounge including those published in The First Freedom.
Some months ago, several members of the Providence Rehab Center asked about one or more articles therein dealing with subjects like pro-life political candidates, property tax increases, budget proposals, school construction projects, etc. As one of the listed correspondents, I would bring several copies and put them in the coffee lounge alongside numerous publications, magazines, periodicals, etc., left there by others. No one ever complained, nor did any member of the managerial staff ask me not to provide this opportunity for reading or taking home a sample copy. The First Freedom is distributed by active citizens to libraries, civic buildings and places of public gathering, and rarely if ever have they been told not to leave them there.
It was therefore of some concern when, several weeks ago, I found a copy of this newspaper in my Rehab Center medical file with the word “GARBAGE” scrawled across the front page. I thought it had been done by a disgruntled reader and tossed it in the recycle bin. Then on Wednesday,
Sept. 13th, 2000, I brought several of the latest issue and placed them on the coffee lounge table. Of a few members having coffee, one immediately picked the paper up and said, “Good.”
Thus I was really shocked when my wife Dorothy and I completed our one-hour exercise and discovered several copies of the paper clipped together with a note to “keep this trash out of here.” Having left the papers such a I short interval before, I immediately went| to the coffee lounge to see who was doing this. No one was there, so I appended a note on the same card asking whomever j was responsible to provide me his/her name, and added the word “coward” for not having identified him/herself.
Friday, September 15th, arriving for our exercise, I again found a note in my medical file printed and unsigned. The message read: “THE COWARD THREW THEM ALL OUT, AND WILL CONTINUE TO DO SO, SO KEEP ON WASTING YOUR TOILET PAPER.”
I was disturbed that this was going on1 and once again assumed it was the same! disgruntled “Fit for Life” member, he/she having used the word “coward” in the note. Taking my clipboard and file up to the blood pressure station and hoping perhaps he might have heard someone commenting | on The First Freedom, I showed the notej to one of Providence’s physical therapists, Mr. John Seddon, and asked: “who did | this?” To my shock and amazement, Mr. Seddon said, T did.”
At first I thought he was joking. He only glanced at the small note in my hand as I sat down in the chair for my blood pressure and pulse check. Mr. Seddon then walked around the counter, pushed the blood pressure stand closer to me to take my reading. I was still dumfounded by his “I did!” when his tone and demeanor changed to an “in your face” attitude, as he repeated his acknowledgment that he did it and was, in effect, proud of his action.
When 1 asked how he could have placed unsigned and disparaging remarks into my personal medical file, belligerent in tone and grossly disrespectful his reply was that he could put anything he wanted in my file. My wife was sitting next to me, having just had her blood pressure taken. I then asked Mr. Seddon for the name of his supervisor or the department head, so that this matter might be settled. I removed the pen from my clipboard thinking he would provide a name, and wrote the time as “1330 hrs” on
the note. At that, Mr. Seddon sarcastically asked, “Are you going to put this in your paper?”
He refused to give me a name, and then became threatening. His facial expressions caused genuine fear he might physically attack me. Doubting for our safety by this person menacingly towering over us as we sat in the chairs, I told my wife we should leave, and asked him to move the blood pressure stand so I could get up from my chair. He said: “I am not moving.” Extremely concerned that we could be assaulted, 1 stood and brushed aside the blood pressure stand in order to move away. I told my wife to get up, and we both departed the room. She was pale, said she felt weak, her heart was “fluttering.” What makes this outrageous conduct by Mr. Seddon even more egregious, it was Dorothy’s birthday.
I entered the administrative offices and spoke with one of the staff briefly about the incidenL She advised me I most certainly should report this to Department Director Tim Maynard, but he was not in his office. This was approximately 1:45 PM, Friday, Sept. 15,2000.
I placed a call to Mr. Maynard at 3:10 PM the same day apprising him of what had happened, and said that I did not see how an institution with Providence Hospital’s reputation could tolerate such behavior by an employee. I recalled when interviewed after my surgery a technician in the cardio unit being concerned when I asked about the schedule for my exercises. She had said “not to worry” about the time schedule. But here, with Mr. John Seddon, we have a person who deliberately antagonizes a heart bypass client to the point of extreme stress for distributing a civic newspaper in the coffee lounge, placing disparaging words in writing in that member’s medical file and defending such action with,“I can put anything I want to in your file.”
One might wonder why I continue as a member of Providence Rehab Center. My family has a long history of association with the Sisters of Charity. My father, Mr. Nick Jongebloed, was chief engineer at the old Mobile City Hospital operated by the Sisters of Charity for nearly forty years. I worked as a college student at Providence Hospital in the 1950s in the maintenance department. As a retired United States Army officer whose medical services were provided by Keesler AFB since retirement, upon reaching 65 1 enrolled with United Health Care Complete, making Providence my hospital of choice due to that extended relationship with the Sisters of Charity. Furthermore, 1 take great spiritual comfort in the fact that Providence is a Catholic hospital which displays the crucifix in all its wards and departments.
In many countries around the world free speech is considered a nonstarter. But nothing
In many countries around the world free speech is considered a nonstarter. But nothing could be further from the truth. Free speech is everything, the whole nine yards, indeed life itself.
could be further from the truth. Free speech is everything, the whole nine yards, indeed life itself. Retired Supreme Court Justice Brennan’s great line in the decision. New York Times v. Sullivan, the principle that “debate on public issues should be uninhibited, robust and wide-open, and it may well include vehement, caustic, and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials,” says it all.
I do not claim the republic will fall by this one incursion against our little paper. The First Freedom is not the New York Times, the Washington Post or the Boston Globe. However, it is precisely such small periodicals that the First Amendment was meant to protect. The Mobile Register is not banned from Providence Hospital’s premises. Unfortunately, this doesn't hold true for The First Freedom.	□
Today’s Lesson:
“Resolution 2001”
By Mac Yavelii
Since elections are such a nuisance to our ruling class, and strict constructionists always object to our living Constitution, what’s the purpose of owning all this mediacracy if we’re not going to use it? Declare the document dead, then bury it!
Did you know..
■	That Thomas A. Edison introduced the high-speed telegraph, the talking motion picture, the phonograph, the incandescent lamp and more than a thousand patents?
■	That, after being rescued from an inept public teacher, he was home-schooled?
■	That, at fifteen, learning telegraphy and publishing a weekly newspaper, his Civil War news often scooped all the others?
The First Freedom doesn't aspire to be
compared with the Wizard of Menlo Park,
yet we print facts your big daily instrument
of the insiders isn’t allowed to touch. How
long can we remain at it? Losing money
twenty months in a row, our task is simply
to keep the faith and hang tight It’s not the
size of this tabloid that's important, but the
survival of independent reporting.
Your editor, a guest with the Council of
Conservative Citizens at a recent curbside
flag rally, when asked, “Is this the Klan? A
demo against blacks?” replied, “Only in
the fertile imaginations of the liberal media
and the many they’ve brainwashed does
the KKK exist. Any celebration running
counter to that prevailing wizdumb upsets
their New World Order - bad lifestyle!”
But it’s ours. Arc you with us? Isn't it
time we repudiated the morals of KKKarl
Marx? Subscribe today! Let this paper
grow: Working together, we can KJCKO
The Big Lie. Do it now.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - --*
The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576-0385!
f
I
PULL NAME	•
MAIL ADDRESS------------------------j
CITY""	5T	7SF~	i
□	Here’s $12.00 for a 1-year subscription.!
□	For $_________,	consider	me a patron.1
E-mail, tel.nr. or comment:
j
“—— — — — ——— —--------------------— —	j
The First Freedom December 2000
CONTINUING THE BOYCOTT OF DOWNTOWN MOHILti
Friends of the Flag would have April as Confederate History Month
Mobile faces challenges which require our "undivided" attention. With the announced closure of International Paper, Corus, QMS drawdowns and others, the local economy in general and many families in particular will be under great strain.
UNRECONSTRUCTEDB@nol.com has a boycott petition approaching ten thousand names of households that have
This open letter — attn: Mayor Mike Dow - from the chairman of Friends of the Flag to the City of\
Mobile has been edited for brevity.
By Ben F. George Jr., d.v.m.
Mr. Mayor, in a recent conversation, you agreed to sign our Mobile Tolerance Pledge, which, with over 2500 signatures, has one simple statement: "I pledge to try never to hate or demean anyone because of race, religion, sex, or culture (including Southern culture).** We thank you for that.
When the Mobile City Council removed our Confederate (lag from the city shield j on August I, it demeaned Southern culture.
As you know, clear majorities in four polls felt this action should not have been taken.
At the recent [Greater Gulf States] fair, our booth gave out seventeen thousand small Confederate flag stickers, which were proudly worn by folks young and old. If you had accepted my invitation to come by that stand, you would have learned two things. One, the anger over Mobile's recent removal of the Confederate (lag is without
doubt greater now than then. Two, these	——-------------------T---—7|—
people arc ninety-nine percent of the time few iMn*S Iabout the Cubf» simply expressing pride in their heritage.	chargd (Vaffairs ’ social call to this
The Southern Poverty Law Center has said they consider the (lag a hate symbol, by association naming such groups as the Sons of Confederate Veterans and the Daughters of the Confederacy "mainstream hate groups" because of their support for the honor of this (lag. By extrapolation they would call every man, woman, and child among our ancestors who fought, suffered, was maimed or died for the flag and its cause, some class of haters.
Rewriting history in politically correct terms is what the problem is about.
Whether you have Southern sympathies or not, admit that anyone who demeans the emblems of a particular culture as hateful is by definition a bigot. If they remove those symbols from every place of dignity and respect, these people will have reached their goal. That is the issue.
With the City of Mobile removing the Confederate banner from police cars and official vehicles, letterheads, uniform patches and numerous other places,
Friends of the Flag deplores that effort by cultural bigots to demonize the symbol. At the fair we found Mobile police against this. A secret ballot by them, or the people, would settle the issue.
I have tried to offer a compromise for your consideration acceptable to those who | are still angry. If you agree to declare April Confederate History Month in the City of Mobile and respect those who celebrate it | by flying the Confederate Naval Jack for one month each year, we'll be glad to end the boycott and close this issue.
You say council approval is necessary.
The council chairman, Mr. Johnson, told me personally the decision for which flag to fly belongs with the mayor.
We must strive to keep the community from being divided whenever possible, for
The City of Mobile's August/Septcmbcr sales tax revenues came down about five percent, in significant purl because of our boycott - which is still in its formative stages. Mobile County receipts meanwhile are running from flat to small gains.
4% downtown to finance the flag change.
El Keep your word. Altering spending habits is hard, but it brings surprises in the committed to cutting back on spending in way of selections and price. Take the family Mobile. Friends of the Flag are asking nil on a Christmas shopping adventure. Try a readers who disagree with censorship of new restaurant on the Eastern Shore, at the the flag in Mobile to do three things:	Riviera Center, in Theodore, or Saraland.
9 Call Mayor Dow's office at We will win if we hang in there, even if 208-7395 (email mayor(o)ci.mobilc.us). we must wait to meet these politicians at Be polite but firm. Take your time and tell the ballot box as we did Gary Tanner. All them you are boycotting Mobile.	groups must be respected. Our community
0 Enlist your friends to join. If they can come together und make progress want to end cultural bigotry, tell them to Stay proud to be a Southerner, und make stop spending money in Mobile, sending grandpa and grandmu happy. I lave u Dixie
llayfcsl revenues were down significantly, while Shrimpfcst's Increased as much. I leave it to you to decide how strongly the boycott is affecting Mobile. Rest assured it's part of the shortfall and gathering steam at Christinas, when the city expects its greatest sales lax income.
What we ask is the least acceptable thing (hut will keep that flag in some small place of local respect, thus fulfilling the pledge you've agreed to sign that you will not "hate or demean ... Southern culture." I look forward to doing my part bringing our community together in any way I can.
If you can't give back some pari of what has been taken from us the movement will grow, these feelings remaining, divisions continuing; and, when the future history of Mobile is written, this problem will be more than a footnote. Please respond, Mayor Dow, or there's a Christmas boycott U
[The Mayor did not comply. Kd.|
Communists more welcome in Mobile than patriots
A popular local radio talk show host (see bottom of page 4) has a
city and Mayor Dow 9s return visit.
By M.G. “Dan” Daniels
Cuba was a poor nation even before Communism. The U.S. Spent millions of dollars subsidizing that country.
When Custro confiscated American oil refineries, sugar and tobucco plantations and other of our interests, we cut oil' aid and the Soviet Union stepped in. When the U.S.S.R. expired so did that relief. Now Marxist Venezuelan President Chavez is taking up some of the slack by offering one third of Cuba's oil needs at cut-rate prices.
Of course as with all communist lands, Cuba has become poorer. Most countries other than America do trade there, so even though our embargo has some effect, it's not the main reason for that nation's sad economic condition.
If we lift the embargo and full relations
arc reestablished, the only net balance of trade favoring U.S. corporations will be American companies closing down plants in the U.S. and moving to Cuba A la WTO, GATT and NAFTA to tukc advantage of low labor costs. All these ventures though will come home to roost when enough of our workers are unemployed and can't buy those goods produced elsewhere.
Havana's gambling would boom again of course, fleecing Americans of whatever dollars left over after the taxes squandered propping up that ratholc, money-wasting system.
When Castro stole American property, the U.S. - which had bought almost all of Cuba's sugar - increased production of sugar beets and cane in this country. So we don */ need one of his two main exports anymore. And the other, Havana cigars, is supplied via Canadu.
In considering the issue, I remind you too, that, besides trying to subvert all the Americas North and South, Castro sent tens of thousands of troops to Angola to help Marxists there take over that country
after Portugal gave up its colonial rule. The more democratic Unitu would've liberated Angola long ago but for Cuba.
For the City of Mobile to lend honorary citizenship to Cuban communists and to present them with keys to the city is most despicable - an a (front alike to patriotic Americans, Cubans who (led that tyranny by the hundreds of thousands,: and others suffering within Cuba.
As an aside, dictatorial communism cannot survive unless being propped up by us or converting to national socialism, in other words nazism. The na/i system was a marriage between private capitalism and socialism, and that's the transformation going on in communist countries today, for example China. We are being sucked into it, too, culminating in World Government and world tyranny I	O
Foley High School prefers Sex Ed over literature
The First Freedom
PO Bos 315, SDvcrhlll, AL 35576-0385 Email: hometreetg gulfteUoin Editor OUf Childress Correspondent*. John Fender. Ben George. Nick Jongebloed. Mildred Leurendinc. Mable Lloyd.
Ehrin Rozydue, Tom Smith.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $12.00 for a onc-ycar subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S Those interested in bulk rites, ask for terms.
Self-Government begins at home Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama In a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission ia hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or pert provided fall credit with address ia given.
No responsibility ia assumed lor unsolicited ■aoaacripta. When submitting typewritten litters, please show address and phone number for verification. Name and locality will be printed. If return ia desired, include CASE.
In our November issue, Huxley 9s Brave New World, a hook urging casual sex and drugs, was brought before a review board by this writer.
By Kathleen Stone I appealed Foley High School's decision to return Aldous Huxley's grave \New World, challenging their three arguments as to why the book was appropriate for a college A I’ class. I felt the book should not be used at all. But if, then only by that class, not teachers and students beginning with the sixth grade. I received a brief reply from Dr. Albert Thomas that the Baldwin County Board of Education would uphold the school's decision. I wonder if fear of the press affected his decision, (he Mobile Register having been extremely nasty. Did he have a right to respond for the Board?
Why did I get involved in such a book controversy? I start shaking if I have to sing solo in the church choir! I thought it was to get sexual content inappropriate for classroom study and blasphemy against the word of God out of school, but that wasn't it. Ecclesiastes 3:1 says "there is a season and a time to every purpose under heaven."
Huxley believed his fiction prophetic. It is, and right on target. It features a society controlled by drugs, brainwashing and a good economy. The author expounds upon the need, because of chaos resulting from rapid technological progress, to contain the human masses: "As political and economic freedom diminishes, sexual freedom tends to compcnsatingly increase." His book in
our schools is evidence of that! He also said, "We have only two alternatives to choose from: either u number of national, militarized totalitarianisms having as their root the terror of the atomic bomb and as consequence the destruction of civilization (or, if warfare is limited, the perpetuation of militarism); or else one supranational totalitarianism ... developing, under need for efficiency and stability, into the welfare tyranny of Utopia."
Huxley advises the political dictator to encourage sexual freedom. "In conjunction with the freedom to duydream under the influence of dope, and movies and the radio, it will help reconcile his subjects to the servitude which is their fate."
Not possible, you say? The tool is here! Implanted on our bodice, the smart card/chip is anti-theft and contains not only your financial data but, according to Time magazine, "A single electronic card may replace everything in your wallet, including your cash, your credit cards, your ATM card, your ID cards, your insurance ... und your life. Future: One card, or one chip, with your life on it,"
CNN reports Professor Kevin Warwick, a scientist in the United Kingdom from the University of Reading in England, already experimenting with implanting smart chips right in the body. Paralysis patients, due to these chips' signals to the brain, potentially may walk again. An American neurophysiologist stopped a raging bull in its tracks with a remote control signal sent to a tiny receiver implanted in its brain.
Aldous Huxley wrote in the foreword to grave New World'% second release after World War II: "All things considered, it
looks as though Utopia were far closer to us than anyone, only fifteen years ago. could have imagined. Then, I projected it six hundred years into the ftiturc. Today it seems quite possible that the horror may be upon us within a single century.' lie also suid: "Without economic security, the love of servitude cannot possibly come into existence; for the sake of brevity, I assume that the all-powerful executive and its managers will succeed in solving the problem of permunent security." Well, a scant 54 years later, it is solved! I he smart chip is here. First us a chip on a card und next in the hand or elsewhere in our body.
Our New World Order has found the tool Huxley never imagined. He thought it would be drugs und propaganda. Believe me. we have gone much farther and faster than men fifty years ago would ever have dreamed! Baldwin County veterinarians can implant a chip in your pet so that if lost our GPS system will locate it. The wealthy, when in fear of kidnappers, may have one implanted in their children. And you now get all that data on a chip the size of a rice grain. How convenient!
Almost two thousand years before Huxley gave his prophesies, God suid in Revelations l3:l6-l7,"And hccauicth all, both small and great, rich and poor, ticc and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name."
Yes, Huxley's book is disgusting, just os reviewers in his time believed, but what is really abhorrent is that if we aren't careful, his "Utopia" is possible, and upon us. (J
December 2000 The First Freedom 3
The Constitution of the United States
Part Nineteen Of a Series
Amendment VIII.4' Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
Amendment IX. The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
What is really disturbing about Israel is their nonchalant attitude toward selling secret U.S. military technology to potential enemies of ours; chiefly, but not limited to, China, which reportedly considers us the main future enemy.
By Tom Smith In my last piece the deterioration of America’s military power was discussed, a prior article having reviewed the billions of dollars, $88 billion to be precise, in aid to Israel since 1959.
President Clinton had stopped the sale of AWACS technology (Airborne Warning and Fighter Control System) to China after Israel installed the equipment in a Boeing 707, otherwise he would have permitted the transaction. But this violated one of our export laws, so the Israelis undertook to put the same equipment in a Russian IL-76 military transport aircraft.
However, now that the Russians see this Chinese interest in AWACS technology, they, too, having a great lust for cash, have
By Reverend Louis P. Sheldon
Chairman, Traditional Values Coalition
Washington, D.C. — Citizens all over this nation repudiated the homosexual movement’s efforts to gain political power and social recognition.
In Vermont, voters went to the polls to repudiate the legislature's passage of a “civil union” law granting quasi-marriage status to homosexuals. Traditional Values Coalition PAC ran radio ads in Vermont to educate voters on the importance of electing men and women who would reject homosexual marriages.
The good news is that Vermonters ousted at least nine pro-homosexual senators and representatives. In fact, the Republicans took control of the House for the first time in 16 years, and the Senate has a strong contingent of pro-family legislators now.
Amendment X. The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
Amendment XI.** The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity.
own version of an inferior AWACS system which supposedly can ‘hack’ into enemy (U.S.) computers. Russia will then use the cash to build a fleet of modem AWACS planes for their own military. By now they probably have stolen the U.S. design, or the Israelis might have sold it to them.
Meanwhile, the Chinese are trying to build a version of our F-16 Fighter plane. Israeli engineers are helping them design this aircraft with technology gained from the two advanced fighter programs which I mentioned in my recent remarks on Israel. You might recall that the programs were eventually canceled after U.S. taxpayers picked up a couple of billion dollars in charges. To make the matter touchier, the Israelis have thus far refused to tell what technology they’ve sold the Chinese and Russians. Hey, we’re only their bankers! Why should they tell us anything?
Do you see something wrong with this?
A word about that attack on the USS Cole: Did you know the Port of Aden is controlled by the Singapore Port Authority? What’s significant about that? I’ll tell you.
Although pro-family gubernatorial candidate Ruth Dwyer lost her bid against Gov. Howard Dean, the sweeping victories in the Vermont legislature send a clear message to the governor: The civil union law must be rescinded.
In Nevada, 70 percent of the voters approved of Question 2 to amend the constitution to protect marriage between a man and woman. In Nebraska, voters (by a 71% to 29% vote) also approved an amendment to their constitution protecting traditional marriage.
A pro-homosexual initiative in Maine known as Question 6 was defeated by a 51% to 49% vote. Question 6 would have provided special rights for homosexuals.
There was one pro-family defeat, however. In Oregon, Measure 9, sponsored by Oregon Citizens Alliance, was narrowly
commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.	□
•The first ten Amendments (Bill of Rights) were ratified effective December 15. 1791.
••The Eleventh Amendment was ratified February 7, 1795.
Singapore Port Authority may be owned by the Raidy Group in Singapore. Recall the Raidy billionaire who funneled money into Clinton’s election campaign? It is now reported he’s a front for Chinese Military Intelligence. Raidy is also connected to the Hutchinson/Whampoa company which controls the Panama Canal. After seeing the ease of approach and damage to the USS Cole, can you imagine our Navy in the Panama Canal during a confrontation with the Chinese Communists? There are hundreds of locations to hide such a bomb as was used against the USS Cole in the Canal Zone.
Of course President Clinton's National Security Advisor says Chinese operation of the canal poses no threat to us. Whose side is he on? Do you have to be a security analyst to see the threat to our navy in the Canal Zone? Don’t you think that today we should take back the Panama Canal?
Is it possible that you might write your congressmen, demand we cut aid to Israel and obtain the return of the Panama Canal? If there is just one American life lost there after this fiasco in Aden, someone should be held accountable. Guess who. □
defeated by a 51% to 49% vote. Measure 9 would have prohibited schools from promoting homosexuality or bisexuality as a normal lifestyle. Had it passed, this measure would have protected children from homosexual/pedophile predators.
Traditional Values Coalition helped in all of these battles by supplying our church lists and expertise to organizations opposing the homosexual agenda. Of these efforts, even the narrow defeat in Oregon is an encouragement to the hard-working activists who got out the vote and educated their friends and neighbors on the dangers of normalizing homosexuality in our culture. Of course more work has to be done. Homosexual activists never give up, nor should we. Now that the election is over, let's get on with the job of reclaiming America.	□
a different slant on the news
Here's what was ignored or misreported elsewhere
MIKE DEAN’S TRIUMPH as the new Mobile County Commissioner of District 3, having opposed today’s Civil War against Confederate symbols, was the target of a “minority” caller to the Dan and Kelly Talk Show the other day. Attacked were all people praising that victory under the slogan, “He’s one of us!” supposedly a code for “racism.” No, poor, brainwashed victim of the ruling class, it’s a clear declaration in plain English. We’ve tolerated carpetbaggers long enough and are cleaning house. Friends of the Flag and the Council of Conservative Citizens are hitting ’em where they don’t just notice our cause, but become less visible and destructive of Southern morals, namely at the ballot box. If those at the Mobile Register call us “racists,” the First Freedom will keep exposing that lie. Elitists now hope to “reeducate” Mike that we common folk are bad company, only the insiders of a New World Order knowing what’s best.
“A MASS MAILING . . . effectively registering tens of thousands of potential Democratic voters days before the election is a secret weapon held back deliberately to avoid detection, scrutiny and publicity. After the election, the party will be happy to pay a fine for any illegalities involved,” reported WorldNetDaily when Bill Clinton sent a mass mailing to immigrants not yet citizens. Of course the damage is done. In Clintonian fashion, the President included a card saying all the immigrant needed to do was sign it to vote. How can we counter such antics? If we have a decent President and Attorney General now, maybe we’ll soon see investigations and hearings that determine which elections were won by fraud.
WAL-MART REFUSES TO SELL PREVEN, and Planned Parenthood is planning a boycott of Wal-Mart because that drug is being called the “day after contraceptive.” It is not a contraceptive. This pill is taken after conception has taken place. Chemical abortion stops implantation of the conceived baby in its mother’s womb. Because Wal-Mart will not sell it. Planned Parenthood is launching a campaign to boycott Wal-Mart, and to write them letting them know that it is because they refuse to sell this abortifacient device. Wal-Mart officials have given an e-mail address for us to write. Please let them know via letters@wal-mart.com that you appreciate this courageous stand.
Billions for Israel, a Canal to China. Well, it’s Christmas!
offered the Chinese 50 aircraft - with their
Voters slow down homosexual agenda nationwide
Procedural rules are the whole ball game. Just don’t let facts get in the way.
Two days after the election as this writer had predicted, a lame
duck judge would “get” his case.
How many strikes before you’re out? Can it depend on who’s at bat? Here are the facts.
Mandatory rural garbage collection was instituted By John Fender April 1,1994 by the Baldwin County Commission even knowing they would get their posteriors in deep egesta because of the way Chapter 27 of the Alabama code (22-27-3-A2) reads.
Now the hairs begin to get shorter as we go to 22-27-42-7, Legislative Intent, which I quote: “To assure public involvement in the development and implementation of plans for the management of solid waste.” That put the commissioners in a dilemma. Risk their behinds with a mandate, or have folks vote on the issue? Heaven forbid! We can | let the uninformed masses loose with that kind of power. Can I be any clearer?
At this point sweat beads begin to form, eyes begin to narrow, wheels start turning, and, by a stroke of pure genius, the perfect scapegoat is seized upon. Let’s blame it on Uncle Sam! This decision made (if known to be an out-and-out lie), the county with blessings from the district attorney’s office carried out such a falsehood, with threats of prosecution to the fullest extent of the law, upon an unknowing public. Strike one.
August 1, 1994. Seven brave patriots pull into the Baldwin County Landfill with assorted household trash. Being met at the scale house by several deputies, one of whom stuck a large, shoulder-held camera in our faces intimidating five of our seven into leaving, the two remaining when told they couldn’t unload protested loudly and at length. Finally allowed to dump, they got arrested on returning to the scale house. Landfill personnel unwittingly drawn into this case of entrapment by the sheriff’s posse were following orders, strike two.
August 29, 1994. A packed courtroom saw as many gathered outside as inside to witness the trial of those two patriots. The first stated his case, which, with very little deliberation, was set aside for later review. The second, simply telling it as it was, had charges against him dismissed. Days later,
the DA dropped his charges against the former: Lack of evidence, strike three.
Fourteen strikes later on July 10, 1995, the district attorney’s office sent a letter to some 3,200 “holdouts,” lying to them thus: “The legislature of Alabama has recently passed a mandatory garbage participation plan for Baldwin County.” This bunt (for the lie back at strike one) was supposed to bluff recipients into complying. The DA’s final-paragraph threat in the letter read, “It is my duty to enforce the law and I will assure you that we will be fair but firm in our enforcement efforts.” Strike eighteen? Several more, at any rate.
Another swing of judicial harassment: November 9, 2000, six years and nine strikes later, I’m called for my second trial.
Well now, it's my time to bat! Can I expect a fair game, 27 strikes in leisure?
At the plate I discover Judge Mattingly surrounded by a high wall, giving the impression she’s untouchable. Beside me, representatives from the district attorney and county garbage monopoly offices are present. There is no chair or table on which to place my documents. I lay them on the floor, bowing before this court to retrieve my first piece of evidence for presentation, as the prosecutor expounds upon on his
knowledge of procedural etiquette, and I am immediately told by the judge to stuff it. Taken off guard, yet determined to begin my defense, for 1 must go back to 1994 and explain to her the results of that first trial, I then said, “Judge Wilters asked me if 1...” “Hearsay!” shouted the prosecutor. “Sustained!” replied the judge.
I began: “Your honor...” She repeated, “Sustained!” with enough authority that one should have bowed down once more. I then asked her why it was that a person couldn’t just come before a judge, present the facts and be heard. She called for my evidence.
As I began reading documented dates, names and places, she turned from me and examined the ceiling paint. “Guilty!” she declared when I had finished. “Ten days suspended sentence, one year probation, one hundred dollars fine, and pay your garbage bill.”
I almost looked behind me to see if she were speaking to Charles Manson or some dope dealer, then bowed down to gather my stuff. Carol Mott from the B.C. Landfill bent to the floor too, saying, “Mr. Fender, come down to the landfill, we’ll work something out.” Out? I had but one swing! Procedural rules do count more than facts, but the game isn’t over. More later. □
4 The First Freedom December 2000
PATRIOTS ARE USED TO THAT IGNORANCE:
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
Smitherman Historic Building. "We will have no lie attached to Nathan B. Forrest!** Present were antebellum-drcsscd ladies and a dozen men in Confederate uniforms.
Media ignore Selma Heritage March
Sunday. November 19,2000. Some 5S0I Southerners had come to celebrate historic Selma, bringing Confederate flags, hiking four abreast from Memorial Stadium along Dallas Street to the monument Unlike the disorderly civil rights marches staged here in the sixties by our national media, though notified ahead, those NWO propagandists were not much interested this time.
At the polished stone pedestal bearing praises for General Nathan B. Forrest and a bust in his likeness, the wreath was laid and solemn bagpipes played as the marchers stood silently with hands over hearts, while a much belated tribute was paid the heroic defender of Selma against those Northern aggressors sent by a deceitful President.
Which invasion wasn't for freeing slaves, Lincoln himself having admitted. A burden on Southerners who for the most part owned none, the institution was bound to have been phased out here as elsewhere soon anyway. But the victors wrote that war’s account, and Forrest’s monument had lately been targeted for removal by an intolerant new black mayor of Selma.
"We should never be ashamed of our heritage, but we should be ashamed of those who are,” said Rev. Cecil Williamson in his keynote address outside the
iMm..
‘We dare defend our rights!” sang the front ranks in unison. I From further back in this three-block long Southern Heritage parade came the repeated cry: “We DARE defend our rights!”
Join the Council of Conservative Citizens, march in the next Southern Heritage parade, or order flags, etc., by phone or email. Tim Meadows is at Southalabamaccc@cs.com and telephone 334-649-2236.
Terminal Phase
By Olaf Childress
SAVVY YANK I picked up your paper while down in Gulf Shores. It is good. I’m subscribing.
BETTY DELL Beloit, W1
ANTI-GUN MOMS This brought to mind a front page article I read in the Mobile Register on the plight of Mrs. Karen Lanier, whose purse was stolen containing a 38 cal. Pistol along with her permit to carry! She now faces 23 years of lost employment for exercising her Second Amendment rights of self-protection. Perhaps you could do an article on her situation and help her out? I sent \Anti-gun moms, by Elwin Rozyskic] to the National Rifle Association.
TOM HESS Daphne
The Insiders
What a terrible stain on the dignity of proud America - Roosevelt's stuffing the U.S. Supreme Court with his seven liberal justices, a number but two shy of President George Washington’s original high court! Looking back, realizing this move was to institute an oligarchy, 1 can’t imagine anything within that demagogue’s grasp further removed from our national interest or more hurtful to the republic's evolution toward truly representative government.
Hunger and turmoil having established Lenin's ticket to absolute power in Russia, on this side of the waters a jealous “New Deal” would hoist its sails to tyranny in that same, worldwide commotion. Frank Roosevelt invited none but fellow travelers aboard his ship, which "reporters’* the crook knew could put the necessary "spin” to his machinations. Thus did accurate, timely news broadcasting, the tradition of telling everything essential for the well-being of an informed and democratic electorate, suffer omissions of fact: such intelligence as normally might've steered us clear of this governmental sea-change.
Because most journalists at the time were dedicated in their understood roles as guardians of the constitution, that failure was of honest men to imagine the complete extent of rightly suspected distortions, i.e., how much information was actually being withheld by the New Deal’s inner sanctum.
After this device of "leaking” stories through clever partisans became the norm, principled members of the profession no longer got invited to real, policy-making sessions and the "in” news gatherers began feeling smug. Years later, that same hive consolidating around its arcane nucleus would assault, in unison and relentlessly, all proofs of communist subversion brought by the United States Senate and House Un-American Activities Committees; and, upon attorney Richard Nixon's successful prosecution of Alger Hiss as a spy, pursue vengeance against the former and acquittal for their exposed agent in decades to come.
The "Watergate” incident was a setup, an act of revenge, a warning from the elite media pure and simple: Do not buck the liberal line! John Dean, their inside man putatively acting on the President's behalf, had in fact no genuine sympathy for such a longtime foe of communism.
The power machine consisted of few members from the start. And, when its alter ego self-destructed in those Eastern Block countries half a century later, if we count but that number within its inner circle at the top, it remained, still, just a handful of
dangerously radical persons. But such cadre had perfected the luring of "useful idiots’* (Lenin's phrase) into an art form.
Which device became the media norm. And a neat trick it was, too, inflating those susceptible underling egos with the idea they were onto something big: No less than the political cause, certain to immortalize each one’s work. Dedicated "activists,” seizing control of history, had to replace natural law with their superior judgments, liberate all personkind from superstitious morality, culture, faith in a supreme being. Such pseudo-intellectual stooges (George Wallace’s term) conjectured themselves performing no less than a redesign job on the human psyche. Gods!
But only the insiders would call the shots, direct endless shifts of strategy and, with their New World Order irreversibly established according to plan, rule us.
Such was the name given those at the top by John McManus in his seminal work. The Insiders, first appearing in 1992. It listed all North American members of the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations, many of whom were purportedly the officer corps behind this amazing conspiracy.
But these two New York-based sibling organizations, having only semi-emerged into the light many years after the FDR era, weren’t exclusively made up of insiders to the One World power grab. In fact, it’s not probable the diabolical kingpins shared as equals in any accountable corporate form naming lesser gods to its membership. Likelier, the more dominant preferred low visibility when giving orders, perhaps a "godfather” mode of understandings: no documents. That's how policies got passed to the Fed, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
Which does not imply Mr. McManus was wrong. Quite the contrary. The chiefs doubtlessly supported all kinds of unified fronts for One World government. But the bulk of those memberships must have been such intellectual nerds as mentioned above who settled for promissory notes while the river of gold flowed elsewhere.
Less known when The Insiders went to press, the Bilderbergers, a nucleus near the
lu+u U+ WMOB
M.G. “Dan” Daniels & Kelly McGinley
The Dan and Kelly Show “Retaking America9'
Daily Mon.-Fri. 12:00 Noon -1:00 PM
top, met as early as 1954 at its secret annual session just east of the town of Oosterbeck, Holland. As The Spotlight quoted Walter Tilleman in its June 5, 1995 issue: "This ‘hotel’ is not visible from the street but only accessible by a winding, tree-lined lane. A real hotel, almost directly across the street from the Bilderberg, the Hartenstein Hotel, was briefly used as Allied Headquarters during the ill-fated Airborne attack in September 1944 to secure a bridgehead in Arnhem. Some old-time paratroopers may remember running all over the Bilderberg during that time.”
And though The Spotlight uncovered the locations of this group’s more recent get-togethers, challenging Washington Post Chairman Katharine Graham, Henry Kissinger and other Bilderbergers who owned the mediacracy and sat with heads of governments to at least tell the purpose of their organization, stony silence was maintained. Settings for the yearly confabs more resembled James Bond megalomanic hideaways for launching a world takeover than legitimate meeting places - for that’s exactly what they were!
Those would-be masters of the Global Plantation met June 8-11, 1995 atop a mountain near the small town of Burgenstock, Switzerland. Having gathered there in May, 1960, it was the first time Bilderberg had converged on the same place twice. But this was a smershy summit accessible only by helicopter or autos that had to wind around its sides in one lane. Three great resort hotels up there were guarded by the Swiss national police and special Bilderberger security forces.
For lack of other means to discover the conspiracy’s actual hierarchy, however, let us look again at The Insiders.
In the partial listings which follow are quite a few well-known intellectuals of the extreme left, the moderate left and even the moderate right; a wide-ranging spectrum of liberal and conservative opinion, neoliberal, and, well, you name it. What were their commonalities? Perhaps a feeling that democracy having become unworkable, we had reached the limits of optimism and ought to rethink nature's plan for relentless competition, because they themselves had
-n g. Talk Radio 1360 am
Tel. (334) 432-1360
Just the facts
Robert W. Gardner “Talking Truth”
Saturday 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
"BRAVE NEW WORLD" ORDER Enclosed is my year's subscription fee. I’ve enjoyed The First Freedom ever since the article on Judge Roy S. Moore. The November edition was like fresh air. to hear someone tell about the unacceptable books being assigned to read in public schools. Thank you for the articles about Judge Moore and my song. I am happy to see others inspired by it.
BEVERLY JO JONES Saraland
MORE SMELLS THAN GARBAGE You have correctly written concerning the "garbage police” in Baldwin County. That's the tip of the iceberg. Now there is mandatory sewer hookups. And mandatory "licenses” if you have a rental house. It's ironic that I have no problems with my septic tanks, the city of Orange Beach has persistent problems with the sewer system, yet they force me to hook to the system and put more sewage into it A recent overload forced raw sewage into the street. At times the stench on Canal Road is almost unbearable, but of course they keep on building. There seems to be no more common sense in government, national or local.
BOB TIDWELL Orange Beach
(in vague outline, at least) a better policy for human commerce. And, ahem, some ideas about power and gold.
The Trilateral Commission’s directory included former Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs Zbigniew Brzezinski, along with David Gergen, who was Editor-at-Large for U.S. News <fc World Report and former U.S. Assistant to the President for Communications. Also on the list were Martin Feldstein. former Chairman of the President’s Council of Economic Advisors; Katherine Graham. Washington Post Chairman of the Board; Speaker of the House of Representatives Tom Foley; and AT&T Chairman of the Board Bob Allen.
Donna Shalala was listed as Chancellor of Wisconsin U. Only later would she get reassigned to Slick Bill Clinton’s cabinet.
Then there was Ko-Yung Tung, New York Director of the Pacific Rim Practice, and Flora Lewis, Senior Columnist with the New York Times.
Another famous Trilateralist was Henry Kissinger, Former U.S. Secretary of State.
Albert Shankcr, American Federation of Teachers President, emerged as a member in good standing as also George Shultz, former U.S. Secretary of State, Treasury, Labor, and former Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Trilateral Commissioner Strobe Talbott. Time magazine’s Editor at Large, appeared on the same page with member and later U.S. President George Bush, Sr., who, as a Vice Presidential candidate, in cognizant admission that something might be thought fishy about the group, for a time had ceased his Trilateralist and CFR memberships, only in office to feel safe again accepting invitations and speaking at their meetings.
Something indeed was wanting for an explanation. Why were these few leading "conservatives” meeting regularly with a bevy of leftwing intellectuals with never a published word on their discussions, though together they owned most of the major media outright? That those elitists bristled anytime their memberships were mentioned impended ominously, but they had no reason to fear being outted.
Oh, yes: There was Bill Clinton, shown as Governor of Arkansas.
These are only a part of the familiar names in that book making up the North American contingent headquartered at 345 East 46th Street, New York City. Next, we review the Council on Foreign Relations. Get a copy of The Insiders. Read the whole, hair-raising story.	□