SURGEON GENERAL’S WARNING: Firet-rime readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.” But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
Volume 5 Number I

om gn
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
www.gulftel.com/homefree
January 2003
Stone too heavy for Montgomery judge
Shown at right is the solid granite block weighing more tons than all those lawyers and a dozen avowed atheists could lift from the Alabama Supreme Court Rotunda on Dec. 16,2002, as, two days before federal fluke Myron Thompson's 30-day deadline for removing these Ten Commandments in deference to his own, the people gathered at their capitol one block away and agreed it's time to remove Myron Thompson. Crowd size guesses varied; Lloyd Caperton said 250, the Montgomery Advertiser 400. Here, sunlight streams in from above the roof of a notorious SPLC across the street, inside which the dark eyes of Morris Dees sit planning his next move against us.
If Pat Godwin and I can't convince you that our war needs more soldiers on the battlefield, maybe the following article by Robbie Noel can. The time is now! — Ed.

Warning for Americans: this message from a South African
Don V put yourselves to the test of fighting only when your backs are against the wall You will fait
By Robbie Noel
People used to say that South Africa was 20 years behind the rest of the Western world. Television, for example, came late to South Africa (but so did pornography and the gay rights movement).
Today, however, South Africa may be the grim model of the future Western
America reveal trends chillingly similar to those that destroyed our country.
America’s structures are Western. Your Congress, your lobbying groups, your free speech, and the way ordinary Americans either get involved or ignore politics are peculiarly Western, not the way most of the world operates. But the fact that only about a third of Americans deem it important to vote is horrifying in light of how close you are to losing your Western character.
Writing letters to the press, manning stands at county fairs, hosting fund-raising dinners, attending rallies, setting up conferences, writing your Congressman -that is what you know, and what you are comfortable with. Those are the political methods you’ve created for yourselves to keep your country on track and to ensure political accountability.
But woe to you if- or more likely, when - the rules change. White Americans may soon find themselves unable or unwilling to stand up and challenge the new political methods that will be the inevitable result of the ethnic metamorphosis now taking place in America. Unable to cope with the new rules of the game - violence, mob riots, intimidation through accusations of racism, demands for proportionality based on racial numbers, and all the other social and political weapons used by the have-nots to bludgeon treasure and power from
the haves - Americans, like others before them, will no doubt cave in. They will compromise away their independence and ultimately their way of life. «
That is exactly what happened in South Africa. I know, because I was there and I saw it happen.
Faced with revolution in the streets, strikes, civil unrest and the sheer terror and murder practiced by Nelson Mandela’s African National Congress (ANC), the white government simply capitulated in orttor to achfef^^^Be” Westerners need peace. They need order and stability. They are builders and planners. But what we got was peace of the grave for our society.
The Third World is different - different peoples with different pasts and different cultures. Yet Westerners continue to mistake the psychology of the Third World and its peoples. Sierra Leone and Zimbabwe are perfect examples of those mistakes. Siena Leone is in perpetual civil war, and Zimbabwe - once thriving, stable Rhodesia - is looting the very people (the white men) who feed the country. Yet Westerners do not admit that the same kind of savagery could come to America when enough immigrants of the right type assert themselves. The fact is, Americans are sitting ducks for Third World exploitation of the Western conscience of compassion.
Those in the West who forced South Africa to surrender to the ANC and its leaders did not consider Africa to be the dangerous, corrupt, and savage place it is now in Zimbabwe and South Africa. Those Western politicians now have a similar problem on their own doorsteps: the demand for power and treasure from the non-Western peoples inside the realm.
It is already too late for South Africa, but not for America if enough people strengthen their spine and take on the race terrorists, the armies of the “politically correct” and, most dangerous of all, the craven politicians who believe “compassionate conservatism” will buy them a few more votes, a few more days of peace.
(Hi, “representative” Trent Lott No, you didn’t rate “Scalawag of the Month.” Too little talent - Ed.)
White South Africans, you should remember, have been in that part of Africa for the same amount of time whites have inhabited North America; yet ultimately South Africans voted for their own suicide. We are not so very different from you.
We lost our country through skillful propaganda, pressure from abroad (not least from the U.S.A.), unrelenting charges of “oppression” and “racism,” and the
shrewd assessment by African tyrants that the white man has many Achilles’ heels, the most significant of which are his compassion, his belief in the “equality of man,” and his “love your neighbor” philosophy -none of which are part of the Third World’s history.
The mainline churches played a big role in the demise of Western influence throughout Africa, too; especially in South Africa. Today’s tyrants were yesterday’s mission-school prot6g6s. Many dictators in Africa were men of the cloth. They knew their clerical collars would deflect criticism and obfuscate their real aims, which had nothing whatever to do with the “brotherhood of man.” [Hi, “reverend” Jackson!)
Other tyrants, like the infamous Idi Amin, were trained and schooled by the whites themselves, at Oxford, Cambridge, and Harvard. After receiving the best from the West, they unleashed a resentful bloodlust against their benefactors.
From what I have seen and read thus far, I fear Americans will capitulate just as we did. Americans are, generally, a soft lot. They don’t want to quarrel or obstruct the claims of those who believe they were wronged. They like peace and quiet, and they want to compromise and be nice.
A television program aired in South Africa showed a town meeting in Southern California where people met to complain about falling standards in the schools. Whites who politely spoke at the meeting clearly resented the influx of Mexican immigrants into their community. When a handful of Chicanos at the back of the hall shouted and waved their hands at them, the whites simply shrunk back into their seats rather than tell the noisemakers to shut up. They didn’t want to quarrel.
In America, the courts are still the final arbiters of society's laws. But what will happen when your future majority refuses to abide by court rulings - as in Zimbabwe? What will happen when the courts are filled with their people, or their sympathizers? [Halfway there now! — Ed.) In California, Proposition 187 has been overturned.
What will you do when the future nonwhite majority decides to change the names of streets and cities? What will you do when they no longer want to use money that carries the portraits of old, dead white “racists” and slave owners? Will you cave in, like you did on flying the Confederate flag? What about the national anthem? Your official language?
|Sorry, reader, but this wasn’t written today or last week. - Ed.)
Don’t laugh. When the “majority” took
over in South Africa, the first targets were our national symbols.
In another generation, America may well face what Africa is now experiencing - invasions of private land by the “have-nots;” the decline in health care quality; roads and buildings in disrepair, the banishment of your history from the education of the young; revolutionization of your justice system.
In South Africa today, only nine percent of murderers go to jail. Court dockets are regularly purchased and simply disappear. Magistrates can be bribed as can the prison authorities, making escapes commonplace. Vehicle and airplane licenses are regularly purchased, forged school and university certificates are routine.
What would you think of the ritual slaughter of animals in your neighbor’s backyard? How do you clean up the blood and entrails that litter your suburban streets? How do you feel about the practice of witchcraft, in which the parts of young girls and boys are needed for “medicinal” purposes? How do you react to the burning of witches?
Don’t laugh. All that is quite common in South Africa today.
Don’t imagine that government officials caught with their fingers in the till will be punished. Excuses - like the need to overcome generations of white racism — will be found to exonerate the guilty.
In fact, known criminals will be voted into office because of a racial solidarity among the majority that doesn’t exist among the whites. When Ian Smith of the old Rhodesia tried to stand up to the world. White South African politicians were among the Westerners pressuring him to (See “They care not,” page 10)
Got that ugly, peecee, scalawag-designed “stars fell on" car tag? Here's the solution:________________
V HEART OF DIXIE
IT LOOKS BETTER - There’s no question ITS EASY - Goes right over the “stars fell on"
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL - As verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED-
"I don't think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag in the state of Alabama. I can say it to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I'm in the state legislature. I’m going to do everything known to human ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag." - Rep. Alvin Holmes, February 2002 in a WSFA-TV interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution costs) to:
STICKER	Sponsored	by	the	Montgomery Chapter
P.0. Box 681343	of	the	South
Prattville, AL 36068	hr donation Ml defend Dixie
2 The First Freedom January 2003 HERE’S WHAT WAS IGNORED
Baldwin County
STOP DESTROYING Baldwin County in the name of saving it, locals are telling newly-elected Governor Bob Riley. For a quasi-government group of developers, the Alabama Historical Commission, wants to four-lane Fort Morgan Highway, they think, then agitate for a bridge across to Dauphin Island. Such moves were protested at a meeting the AHC had called in Gulf Shores July 23,2001. Expecting only insiders and sympathetic reporters, a crowd of property owners came as well. AHC President Lee Warner, limiting each to a three-minute plea, later bought at public expense a new house in a smart Gulf Shores subdivision, 625 E. 21st Avenue, “for the Ft. Morgan Director.” So now his staff can take turns vacationing and cutting deals while turning Ft. Morgan into another Disney World.
NAFTA SHAFTA. Jorge Dobya Arbusto, JUiLA. Presidents, champ of a borderless world, allowed $1.4 trillion in 2001 tax cots and the Fed slashed shortterm interest rates from &5% to 1.25% while increasing the M-3 money snpply by $1,753 trillion. Yet manufacturing keeps moving out of the country as retail sales - lifeblood of the economy - slumps unabattdL Joblessness continues to rise. Real estate alone holds value, and when the foreclosures on overextended credit begin, the bursting of that final bubble will find us in a deep depression.
RUBY RIDGE, IDAHO was the scene of the first crime. In August, 1992 FBI assassin Lon Horiuchi shot Vicki Weaver in the head as she stood in the doorway of their cabin holding her baby in her arms. The second was when E. Michael Kahoe, former head of the FBI’s violent crime and major offenders section, destroyed all the evidence by throwing away a copy of the report and holding onto his own without filing it. This abomination against decent law enforcement rules brought Kahoe jail time, but he was pardoned by Florida Gov. Jeb Bush on Dec. 12, 2002 and released after serving only one year. We taxpayers, completely innocent of that atrocity, have paid Randy Weaver $3.1 million for the killings of his wife and son while Horiuchi goes scot free and the Bushmen still want greater police powers over the rest of us.
LOSING STEAM? (We can hope.) A Citizens’ Commission on Constitutional Reform, hot to bulldoze the amendment process in order to politically correct our Alabama Constitution, at a pre-Christmas Auburn meeting heard the group’s chairman. Secretary of State Jim Bennett, lament that if they don’t get the job done in 2003, “the movement will lose steam.” Alabama Education Association's Gerald Johnson, having informed this group that “61 percent of Alabama voters support constitutional reform according to a Nov. 13-20 poll of 606 registered voters,” may be surprised to learn that many who weren't asked don’t care one whit to be run over by these social engineers.
The First Freedom
PO Box 385, Silvcrhill. AL 36576 Email: bomeftee@gulftel.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Caperton, Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton, Nick Jongebloed, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer’s meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
— A different slant on the news —
OR MISREPORTED ELSEWHERE
says Lee Warner must go
PEECEE PISTOL BACKFIRES. The movie moguls can’t believe it. Surely the producers of the James Bond prototype must’ve felt safe with their chosen villain for the latest instalment of “Die Another Day,” a rogue North Korean colonel who has himself genetically transformed into an extremely rich megalomaniac from Iceland. But no; when It comes to picking villains for big popcorn movies - a task that used to be as easy as “Where did we put those Nazi uniforms?” — it’s getting more and more difficult to take a step without treading on someone’s tender toes. “The U.S. should stop at once this dirty and cursed burlesque,” the North Korean Central News Agency complains, quoting a statement from the Secretariat of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland, which apparently thought 007 was an American agent and that the director, Lee Tamabori, a New Zealander, was doing the CIA’s bidding. Note to Pyongyang: That bell tower in the background is Big Ben. Nothing heard from Iceland yet.
NEVER GIVE UP. Never, ever give up. Never, never, never, never give up. The Biloxi Sun Herald finds its Naacpie troops clamoring for removal of the Battle Flag endlessly newsworthy, refusing to admit the Nov. 5, 2002 referendum by Harrison County, Mississippi’s voters retired the issue. Clear as the Biloxi sun, it’s settled! But those poor mediacrats, quoting a Black beach bum, “With that flag, Mississippi as a whole makes a racist statement every day,” can’t get over it. The Sun Herald on Dec 19,2002 seeking to rekindle the issue with Trent Lott’s originally truthful remark as to why our culture is in decline, had one of its subjects correctly observe: “But I question whether we would have gotten rid of segregation if we had put it to a vote.”
CITIZEN MILITIAS, lawful under the U.S. Constitution, are being watched closely by a Bush administration whose Immigration and Naturalization Service, including the Border Patrol, has failed miserably do the job these unpaid men are undertaking: to protect their country against an invasion by criminal aliens. Says Chris Simcox, editor of the Arizona based Tombstone Tumbleweed: “I dare the president of the United States to arrest Americans who are protecting their own country^. We will no longer tolerate the ineptness of the government in dealing with these criminals and drug dealers.” Simcox says armed militias will patrol public areas to detain illegal aliens every weekend until U.S. troops are put on the border to end the invasion and its vandalism of public and private lands.
RENEGES. The preceding paragraph clearly shows the fedguv has abrogated its Article IV, Section 4, “guarantee to every State in this Union” of protection against invasion. How long shall we sit passively like chickens waiting for the slaughter? In 1979 President Jimboy Carter gave away the U.S. Panama Canal; the Communist Chinese government now controls both its entrances. Learning the Jimboy Sidestep rather than face Pyongyang’s new power to nuke us, a sitting president, derisively called “Dubya” by all except the complicit media and their dupias, is compelled by his Jewish controllers to attack a Mideast state possessing chemical weapons supplied by this same fedguv but no threat to Alabama.
NEW SENATE LEADER Sen. Bill Frist (R-TN) is no conservative. He has a lousy record on immigration reform and will push new laws to admit foreign workers with Hl-B visas. India, the main beneficiary of these, gets about 50% of them, costing thousands of American high-tech workers their jobs. Mexico is elated over Frist’s selection.
MOST CHURCHES in America have incorporated, many going to added expense and applying for IRS tax-exempt status under Title 26, United States Code, Section 501(cX3). “Separation of church and state” now finds politicians forbidding any real preaching against their sins, but empowered themselves to intrude against religions that hang onto not only their covenants, which are none of Zog’s business to begin with, but the First Amendment as well. The U.S. Supreme Court says: “A corporation is a creature of the state. It is presumed to be incorporated for the benefit of the public. It receives certain special privileges and franchises and holds them subject to the laws of the state and the limitation of its charter. Its powers are limited by law. It can make no contract not authorized by its charter. Its rights to act as a corporation are only preserved to it so long as it obeys the laws of its creation. There is a reserved right in the legislature to investigate its contracts and ascertain if it has exceeded its powers.”
HOMELAND SECURITY? What a laugh If it weren’t such a sick joke. The airport screeners fill their body search quotas not by detaining raunchy-looking foreigners, which would seem to be the “profiling” common sense would dictate, but by patting down pregnant women or children easily profiled as Americans and much less likely to cause trouble. Quite a “patriot act” has been pulled on us when Lewiston, Maine, a mill town of 35,000, is invaded by 2,000 Somalis out to take advantage of its generosity with welfare for locals, and they don’t know how to fight that maneuver (see page 1).
On the evening of January 11, 2003 you are invited to an Alabama Secession Ball, hosted by the Order of Confederate Rose at Historic Sturdivant Hall, 713 Mabry Street in Selma, Alabama.
MISSING EVIDENCE. From an AP story, this is the most intriguing line: “They [the investigators] are especially interested in photographs showing the south face of 7 World Trade Center, which was not hit by a plane but burned for hours before collapsing.” Surely the fire did not cause that building to collapse. And how did the fire begin? Were there bombs inside 7 World Trade Center? More interesting than any of this: Why did we not get many major stories after 9/11 on the mystery of 7 WTCs collapse? Those stories showed up all over the Internet. Think about it You’re an editor at, say, the NY Post, a paper that will publish almost anything weird and startling and unsettling. You’ve got this WTC7 thing right in front of you. You’ve got sources all over NYC. But you do nothing. You squash speculation. You could pound on this thing every day on page one, but you don’t. Anybody in the vicinity of WTC7 on 9/11 was wondering what brought that building down. But you don’t. You hold off, ignore it. Only now do we hear that investigators are interested. Now, when apparently the miles of photos are missing, the surveillance video too.
NO EXCUSES. A missionary on an Indian reservation in Arizona reports hospital emergency rooms in that area closing their doors due to non-payment by illegal immigrants treated in local hospitals with ERs. Seems it’s now a federal “law,” and never mind the Tenth Amendment, that no hospital out in the provinces may refuse treatment because someone lacks identification or money. Knowing these are illegal invaders, the sheeple running the hospitals are doing nothing to keep emergency rooms open for their own. Mexico’s nationalists state matter-of-factly that they will conquer California, New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas either by a revolutionary war or outnumbering the American population with illegal immigration. What else is
new? Southern Florida already belongs to the Cubans, Northern Florida to the Mexicans. Shall it be enchiladas at Pedro’s tonight, Alabamanos?
DIVERSITY CAPITAL. Is this Auburn, New York, Auburn, Indiana or Auburn, Washington? No! Don’t tell James “Lee” Weaver this is Auburn, Alabama, his Alma Mater: “Sweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain.” When Alabama seceded from the Union, faculty and students resigned to enlist for the duration of the Civil War. Among those joining were his great-great-grandfather, who died at Orange Court House, Virginia, in 1864, and William J. Samford, later Governor of Alabama. The college building, then named Old Main, was used as a Confederate hospital from 1864 until classes resumed in 1866. An old bastion of Southern heritage and culture succumbs to the president emeritus of the “dreaded” Southern Poverty Law Center, Julian Bond. This is not like selling out to Morris Dees; it’s more like handing him everything on a silver platter. That was some Halloween prank setup, a black face stunt at a private party leading to millions spent on anything except such “diversity” as looks into the mirror at one’s own.
DIVERSITY DAY at her Wal-Mart in Greenwood County, SC having been organized by a Black female employee, she invited various businesses to display their wares in the store’s parking lot One she approached was the League of the South bookstore in nearby Abbeville, which sells Confederate flags, bumper stickers, etc. The League store manager Robert Hayes asked and was assured by the Diversity Day organizer that paying the booth fee meant he could sell any of his store’s wares. But twenty minutes after his setup, Wal-Mart told Mr. Herts that he could not display a Confederate flag. Mr. Hayes graciously took down the flag. An hour later he was forbidden to sell Maurice Bessinger’s birbeque sauce. Bessinger, you may recall, because flying the Battle Flag at his restaurants in Columbia, was attacked by the media; and store chains, including Wal-Mart had pulled his barbeque sauce from their shelves. Mr. Hayes reminded Wal-Mart of having been told he could sell all the wares from his store, adding, “You will have to arrest me, then.” Not arrested, his booth sold more than all the others.
DISINFORMATION. When the U.S. attempted to invoke the ANZUS treaty linking Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, New Zealand repudiated the pact and withdrew from that alliance, as “our” foreign policy was deemed by them imperialistic. That news never reached the American public. Instead, we only beard the refrain, “The entire world supports us." When the AP noticed tens of thousands of Greek soccer fans burning American and Israeli flags shortly after the September 11 attacks, it didn’t hit American newspapers’ front pages. The BBC reported three fifths of Greek “right-wingers” and three quarters of “left-wingers” opposing U.S. policy, but that result never made it across the pond. Again, there was one refrain: “The entire world supports us.” As strong evidence of international dissatisfaction with the U.S. bombing of Afghanistan came forward, a Gallup poll showing that while the world’s governments may be supporting us for fear of America's military power, in only three countries of the world - the USA, Israel and India - did the majority support these actions. On all this there was ... silence.
lei idicUo*
P hot, X hotter’n 0 hottest One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce + $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397
PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
January 2003 The First Freedom 3
The pots and the kettles
Multiple candidates have again contended for this month 9s dubious Scalawag of the Month award\ so let us acknowledge them alL
By Norman Ravitch, Ph.D.
The sorry mess Senator Lott is in reveals what was there for all to see. Blacks and their liberal/leftist masters will label anyone they disagree with a racist There is no way to get out of the charge if you are the least bit conservative. In fact, by that standard most Americans are racist but afraid to admit it.
The solution (for Lott and for everyone else) is to admit: “Yes, I am racist I object
fCAWwMS
to Black demands. I reject Black blame for everyone but themselves for their miserable lives. 1 do not think that more rights for Blacks will accomplish anything desirable because what they need is more
or m mOmh
discipline and more conformity to duty and bourgeois morality. I am not afraid of being called racist because my racism is justified and right.”
This alone can save conservatives from blackmail.
Otherwise all will be lost.
It is too late for Senator Lott, but not for the rest of us. Tell Blacks, yes we are racist. If you cannot live with that go to Rwanda or somewhere else in Africa where you can be yourselves.
Personally I am sick of being expected
to cater to every Black whim. I happily affirm that 1 do not intend to give in to them any more. The Reverend Sharpton and the Reverend Jackson are crooks. Why are they allowed to call themselves Reverend? They are a far cry from deserving any reverend respect. They are scoundrels misleading their own people.
America wake up! Throw off the mantle of self-pity and guilt. Call yourself a racist and be proud of it
Senator Lott: You might have been a hero. Instead, you are a pitiful example of what a lack of backbone and conviction can lead to. Strom Thurmond has more stature than you. I pity you.
To express your opinion, you may email Dr. Ravitch at ravitchn@bellsouth.net O
Action alert Action alert Action alert Action alert
HPA of Virginia ACTION ALERT Dear Supporter of Southern Heritage:
As you may know, plans are being made by a private organization, the United States Historical Society, to place a statue of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln and his son Tad in Richmond at the National Park Service Headquarters at Tredegar Iron Works by April, 2003! According to the Richmond Times-Dispatch, this idea has been eagerly welcomed by the staff of the Richmond Park Service and other pro-Lincoln supporters.
Needless to say, now is the time we must let them know how we feel about a statue of Lincoln, “America’s Caesar,” in Richmond, and here is what you can do to help:
Call and email the Richmond National Battlefield Park and tell them you do not support a statue of Lincoln in the Capital of the Confederacy.
Cynthia MacLeod, Superintendent Richmond National Park Service 3215 East Broad Street Richmond, Virginia 23223 PH-804-226-1981 —■■■■ PA->r-8(W-m-8527'
Email - cynthia_macleod@nps.gov Send Letters to the Editor in opposition to this monument to the Richmond Times-Dispatch and to your own local newspaper. Here is a listing for Virginia’s major newspapers. Flood the wires! Richmond Times-Dispatch
letters@timesdispatch.com Richmond, Virginia Roanoke Times karent@roanoke.com Roanoke, Virginia The Virginian-Pilot
letters@pilotonline.com Norfolk, Virginia Washington Times
letters@washingtontimes.cora Washington, D.C.
Washington Post
letters@washpost.com Washington, D.C.
Call, Write, email your Congressman. The Richmond National Park Service is financed by the federal government with your tax dollars. You certainly have a right to say what goes on park service property! For those in and outside Virginia, you can reach your member of Congress by calling the Capital Switchboard.
House of Representatives: 202-225-3121 Senate: 202-224-3121 U.S. Senators, Virginia George Allen (R)
204 Russel] Senate Office Building Washington DC 20510 Telephone: 202-224-4024 Fax: 202-224-5432 senator_allen@allen.senate.gov John Warner (R)
225 Russell Senate Office Building Washington DC 20510 Telephone: 202-224-2023 Fax: 202-224-6295 senator@wamer.senate.gov U.S. House of Representatives, Virginia Jo Ann S. Davis (R-01)
1123 Longworth House Office Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-4261 Fax: 202-225-4382
To quote my favorite CSA General, N.B. Forrest after a battle and talking with his Chief of Artillery John Watson Morton, “John, if they would give you more guns and me more men, we could whup them Yankees!
More soldiers on the battlefield is what our war needs! Numbers, more folks, are needed to mandate and command respect in a public forum and at the polls.
- Patricia Godwin Ft. Dixie, Selma
Edward L. Schrock (R-02)
128 Cannon House Office Building Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-4215 Robert C. Scott (D-03)
2464 Rayburn House Office Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-8351 Fax: 202-225-8354 Randy Forbes (R-04)
2371 Rayburn House Office Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-6365 Fax:202-226-1170 Virgil H. Goode (1-05)
I $20 Lonf^rth House Offifce Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-4711 Fax: 202-225-5681 Bob Goodlatte (R-06)
2240 Rayburn House Office Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-5431 Fax: 202-225-9681 Eric Cantor (R-07)
329 Cannon House Office Building Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-2815 Fax: 202-225-0011 James P. Moran (D-08)
2239 Rayburn House Office Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-4376 Fax: 202-225-0017
Rick Boucher (D-09)
2187 Rayburn House Office Bldg. Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-3861 Fax: 202-225-0442 ninthnet@mail.house.gov Frank Wolf (R-10)
241 Cannon House Office Building Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-5136 Fax: 202-225-0437 Tom Davis (R-ll)
306 Cannon House Office Building Washington DC 20515 Telephone: 202-225-1492 ' Fax: 202-225-3071
tom.davis@mail.house.gov Time is of the essence, so let your voice be heard on this issue!
Sic Semper tyrannis,
Fred D. Taylor Virginia State President Heritage Preservation Association http://www.hpa.org/main.htm Office-757-478-9186 Email - vahpa@att.net
Please help us get the word out that the Southern Movement is alive and growing! Advertise in, subscribe to and distribute The First Freedom so that we might kick some of that liberal “compassion” off our backs the sooner.
It’s not easy to remove a federate
RULES OF THE JUDICIAL COUNCIL OF THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT GOVERNING COMPLAINTS OF JUDICIAL MISCONDUCT OR DISABILITY
Chapter L Complaint of Judicial Misconduct or Disability
RULE 1. FILING OF COMPLAINT
j. Abuse of the Complaint Procedure. A complainant who files vexatious, repetitive, harassing, or frivolous complaints, or otherwise abuses the complaint procedure, may be restricted as set forth below.
1. Identical or substantially identical complaints submitted en masse by multiple complainants. The Chief Judge may direct the Clerk not to formally process any additional complaints or substantially identical to a complaint that has already been filed or concluded, but instead to provide those additional complainants with a copy of the public record order disposing of the first such matter filed. No further action shall be taken with respect to any such identical or substantially identical complaints.	*
If the courts duck accountability by calling us a mob, that 9s what it may come down to.
By Olaf Childress Are we less bright than those courtesans? (99% of all lawyers give the rest of them a bad name.) Let’s consider how the above and many additional paragraphs restrict our justifiable intents to oust insufferable Federal Judge Myron Thompson. Being civilized, no experts, we wouldn't wish to think visiting Montgomery with pitchforks
the only option.
One may file a complaint against him, the above implies, only if disinterested. As we gave Roy Moore in 2002 our mandate to hang onto those Ten Commandments, and now grow “vexatious” with intruding feds, that’s harassment on our part. And, let’s not be repetitive. If at first you don’t succeed, quit Endless nagging is reserved for the establishment.
I've been hounded, jailed, fined, denied use of public facilities, you name it down in Baldwin County for becoming vexatious
January 11, 2003
Living History Secession Program at the Capitol
Late morning time fo be announced 'Alabama seceded January II, 1861
On this evening in 2003 you are invited to the ALABAMA SECESSION BALL hosted by the Alabama Society Order of Confederate Rose at Historic Sturdivant Hall, 713 Mabry Street, Selma, AL. Ball begins 7:00 m til 9:00 pm. Live period music. Period attire encouraged but not required. Light refreshments - j do alcoholic beverages served. Tickets on sale now. information: 205-681-1848 or 354-875-1600 or 251-0246-9850. email: rebeHen@mindspring.com oldsouthrebel@zebTa .net sbellel244@aol.com
Jan. 18, 1862 Confederate Territory of Arizona is formed Jan. 19, 1807 Birthday of General Robert E. Lee*
Jan. 19,1861 Georgia secedes from the Union.
Jan. 26, 1861 Louisiana becomes the sixth state to secede from the Union.
•Jan. 20. 2003 At 10:00 am the Confederate Battle Flag will be raised on the Blount County Courthouse lawn in Oneonta to honor General Robot E. Lee. I urge all those not attending the inaugural parade lo come to Oneonta on the 20th and help us further celebrate the Birthday of Robert E. Lee. - Ben Hcstley. SCV National Hencage Defense Committee
with local courtesans and hauling trash to the public dump before bowing to Zog. They vex and harass not just me alone. According to them Tim Meadows is also paranoid, and Harold Sorensen, and Wyatt Willis, and Roy Moore, and most voters in the State of Alabama. Folks, this Middle District Court is broke and needs fixing.
Please join Harold and me in bringing home freedom’s pennant. The long slump haunting our land, which Trent Lott almost addressed with his weak bunt that didn’t reach first base, may indeed see pitchforks on the streets once we’ve covered every legal base and been disarmed of our bats by umpires ignoring the rules. This appeal goes also to those judges.
Do they have even as much backbone as Trent Lott? Can they condemn one of their own without first asking what color?
One of my complaints to the Eleventh Circuit will address Thompson’s many years of meddling into the makeup of our Baldwin County Commission, his racial gerrymandering here and his continual vexation of the people, together with their legislative delegates. Has he also attacked the democratic process in other counties? It may be that a higher court will be ready to put aside its deck of racial cards and listen to calm reason.
If otherwise. I'm not advocating but predicting - violence. The people have had enough.
4 The First Freedom January 2003
Report from L.A.
By Olaf Childress	:•
It's sort of like that new IRS Form EZ40 which consists of two short parts:
1.	How much do you have?
2.	Send it to us.
A gentleman I know had been assured by the nice ladies toiling for our county rural area Garbage Police that, as a truck driver having seldom been at home to use Waste Management’s services, and low-income to boot, he rated the egalization exemption for po folks. Some months later, he stayed home more often and began making better money as a house painter. Now, suddenly, they deny he was given that immunity and demand payment for nonexistent services over a long period at the going rate, $35.53 per quarter, plus penalties and interest.
Hundreds of dollars! He’s furious, says he will not pay, and receives a mandate to appear in court. Someone advises him that, back in 1994 while he was driving a truck, as Baldwin County’s rural area compliance decree got finagled into existence a group of locals had banded together and fought it. Learning this present writer was among the many who had called for a referendum and protested the higher of two bidders, Waste Management, receiving that blank-check monopoly contract, he phoned and thanked me for having never set out a garbage can to those robber barons.
Most all the others having yielded to pressure and complied, he was determined to fight this syndicate, pro se; and, wanting that courtroom filled on the appointed day (the seventh of this month), was assured we would show up in numbers and give him our moral support. As he had only just heard about my own trips to jail, plus two trials for resisting the Garbage Police, that seemed to cheer him a bit during the week before Christmas.
On Dec. 22 he called again, saying he had talked with the lawyer I recommended, also a, local member of Citizens fox Better Government, and was beginning to worry that he might not have enough stamina to stay the course. I related to him how others had been nagged into paying up. As he seemed emotionally distressed, for me it was deja vu. His decision to capitulate came the next day.
Although Ed Petelinski and I hadn't been summoned, we came uninvited to a Bay Minette hearing for sixty noncompliants a few months back, and moved amongst that crowd waiting its fate. While handing out copies of this dandy little tabloid you’re reading, we interviewed the few of them indicating even a little resistance against being fleeced; but, when the judge called them up and did her voodoo, half of those caved in immediately. Her Magistrate sent the remainder into a small inner sanctum off the main courtroom to be browbeaten into compliance by a terror committee of one man and three women.
Having identified ourselves as press and asking permission to witness the hearings inside, we were told that only one friend and counsel might accompany a defendant into their chamber. Secret stuff. They were protecting the confidentiality of outlaws who wouldn't want it known that they had appeared on Zog’s Wanted List. Actually, no media had ever come inquiring after an ordinary citizen’s interest, so the Garbage Police took our presence with unease.
Back in the big room. Her Magistrate was still too busy processing these latest stragglers to notice us asking the victims lined up outside that interrogation chamber if they needed witnesses in there, only a couple of deputies eyeing us alternately with their copies of The First Freedom in hand. Bingo! Standing before that terrible door was a young lady needing whatever reassurances she could get, so Ed and 1 got back in, taking our seats against the wall.
“Who are these men?” inquired the woman who seemed to be in charge.
“They’re here with the defendant.”
So what did we learn? That most sheeple just aren’t mad enough yet.
Alabama -
J. Wyatt Willis, above, suffered an arm injury as he was arrested for picketing the U.S. flag-covered Christmas tree in 2001 with an Alabama flag. Note that outgoing Gov. Don “Singleterra’* Siegel man saw fit to use the correct tree decorations in 2002.
Save Our Capitol Citizens’ Initiative leads the fight
While the taxpayer-funded, quasi-governmental Alabama Historical Commission is driven by AHC President Lee Warner 9s leftist agenda, the Save Our Capitol Citizens9 Initiative (SOCCI) has true history in mind. In our December issue under the headline,
“Lying rascals gather at public trough, lash out against public oversight,99 we explained the problem.
SOCCI 2002 Annual Report
By Jane Doughty 1. SUMMARY OF 2002:
1.	Team originated numerous letters, calls, and emails for gathering information from sources including AHC, government sources and others who are knowledgeable.
2.	Attended meetings -
•	All AHC quarterly meetings (held in Montgomery, Huntsville, Tuscaloosa and Valley) and participated in AHC Public Forums to make our position statements and ask probing questions as to details of AHC decisions and activities.
•	AHC Committee - Observed interactions of board and staff members.
Financial Committee: (3) reviewed financial statements as to appropriateness or misspending of state funds,
-» Grants Committee (2),
-» Executive Committee.
3.	Insisted that information on all AHC committee meetings be posted on the AHC 1 tax-funded website www.preserveala.com.
4.	Made visits to AHC properties to gather information on State-mandated maintenance of properties:
•	Wheeler Plantation | Belle Mont
•	Fort Morgan
•	Magnolia Grove
•	Teague House
•	Confederate Monument
•	Confederate Park
5.	Made trips to Montgomery where we interacted with members of Alabama Legislature to alert them to the AHC’s grab for power via AHC-sponsored bills (HB 202, SB 250).
Stalled these two bills for the year.
6.	Informed the public about questionable and inappropriate AHC activities by:
•	letters to editors
•	appearances on radio talk shows
•	newspaper articles
7.	Protested AHC Capitol Grounds Project and Wheeler Plantation Project.
•	Wrote Capitol Petition
•	Assisted with Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV)-sponsored Wheeler Petition
•	Gathered signatures on both petitions and sent them to Governor and AHC
•	Sent postcards to Governor, AHC, legislators and other officials
8.	Held numerous SOCCI informational and planning sessions, attended meetings and programs for Alabama Coalition goals.
II. SOCCI Projections for 2003:
I., Work to prevent major reinterpretation of our history at:
•	Capitol Grounds
•	Wheeler
•	Ft. Morgan
•	Confederate Park
•	Others
2.	Pressure AHC to finish restoration of Confederate Monument
3.	Monitor legislature and make position statements:
•	against AHC bills we oppose
•	to work for bills favorable to truthful Southern history
4.	Analyze information on grants awarded by AHC as to appropriateness and fairness
5.	Influence the selection of a new AHC Director
Keeping what’s ours
If we again lose to the dictators of an enforced union, let it be after another exhaustive resistance that yields them nothing of our values. By Harold Sorensen
We don't have to sit back and take it any more. Now is the time for action by the people.
You can help us strike a blow against corruption in our courts and learn a useful new-millennium legal survival skill at the same time. Each person reading this should file a complaint with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals against Judge Myron Thompson and then encourage five others to do the same.
It is not difficult. Visit this web page:
http://www.ca 11 .uscourtt.gov/ruleft/rules.html
and click on Addendum III.
There you'll find complete instructions on how to file the complaint and form. You may also visit these web pages to get some ideas on what to say:
http://membcrs.aol.comrommellaw project372.htm http://www.mikebrownsolutions.com lgiindei.htm
Then go down to the section on Judicial Tyrants. Here you will find actual complaints that have already been filed against federal judges. Follow these examples as an aid in filing your own charges against Judge Myron Thompson.
Of course, provide a copy of these accusations to vour U.S. Congressman and Senators as well as each of the House and Senate Judiciary Committee chairmen for their actions.
Together we can strike a blow against the corrupt federal judiciary. For additional information, please contact me by email at taxinfo4u@troycable.net
GOOD GUN CONTROL Shortly before World War 1, the German Kaiser was the guest of the Swiss government to observe military maneuvers. The Kaiser asked a Swiss militiaman: “You are 500,000 and you shoot well, but if we attack with 1,000,000 men what will you do?” The soldier replied: “We will shoot twice and go home.”	____
TheMedicine Shoppe
Doug Hardin, R.Ph.
1013 N. McKenzie Foley, AL 36535
(251) 943-3335
FAX (251)943-4414
The South was right!
^ 3^an/r u<Hi/ •V
Never before has a reliable, credible news source been more direly needed than at present. And the only reason a greater number of die-hard, dedicated subscribers are not reading this paper yet is that they haven't heard of it.
All who recognize the great dangers and opportunities facing us. those who spread the word as distributors no less than our dedicated writers, advertisers and patrons ... Thank you!
— Alabama —
January 2003 The First Freedom 5
Jura nostra defenders audemus
Time to change motto?
It seems that the federal government and groups like the Southern Poverty Law Center have used the “big lie” technique to good effect on many gullible citizens and more than a few newspaper editors in Alabama. The big lie is that the U.S. Constitution prohibits state governments from promoting or even acknowledging religion, which would mean that federal Judge Myron Thompson had the authority to rule against the Ten Commandments monument in the state judicial building.
The truth is that the First Amendment as written and intended actually prohibits the federal government from interfering with religious matters within any state, but places no limits on the states themselves. The intent of the constitution is clear, and that intent has never been amended legally and willfully by the people of the states. So Thompson*s ruling is nothing short of federal tyranny against the people of Alabama, which we should not tolerate.
The people of Alabama elected Roy Moore as chief justice knowing full well his views. Now a federal judge is telling us that our will doesn’t count.
Our state motto is “We dare defend our rights.” If the people of Alabama refuse to stand up to the constant abuses of power by the federal government, we should change our motto to something like “We don't dare defend our rights." _D T CROWLEy
Prattville
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP WeogutkM. AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
Your tax dollars at work - Hiding the O Confederate Monument at the Alabama 0 I State Capitol behind rented scaffolding for months!
Lloyd Caperton (left) carries the Christian Flag and i combination Alabama and Battle Flag to show those who wage constant warfare against ns that “u.n.” blue isn't our color. “Cape," Wyatt Willis and many others prefer demonstrating this state's indigenous symbols.
Clear sunshine greets supporters of Roy S. Moore
Cash Loans Pawn* Bay Sell - Trade
Knivc
It's not enough that a federal judge ignores the constitution. Too many local police want to join him. By Lloyd A. Caperton
It is Monday, and I have just got back from the Ten Commandments Rally in Montgomery; proud to have attended, but the event left me saddened. To begin with, there were about 250 people there when there should have been 250 thousand.
Upon nearing the rally I was carrying a pole with a combination State and Battle Flag on the bottom, a Christian Flag flying at the top. The Montgomery police said 1 could enter the rally only with the Christian Flag. Being a guest at someone else's event and not wanting to cause trouble, I removed the combination Alabama/Battle Flag from the pole and continued walking toward the rally. Another policeman yelled, “He can’t carry that flag either!” referring to the Christian Flag. Several others with various Confederate flags, and one man bearing a Texas Flag, were all told the same thing.
While being forced to furl the flags, Olaf Childress, publisher of The First Freedom, said, “Give them to me, I will carry them.
■m • Baaprr Sticker*
BuOding erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON. Owner — CapeCSAfgaoLcom Treasurer, Alabama League of the South
“The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.”
- President Jefferson Davis
The following words from the pen of a lady called to jury ctay by Judge Moore buck when (be atheist swarm descended on Alabama appeared initially in The First Freedom. At the time Governor Fob James (old federal marshals to stay oat of this, it was just a plaque on Circuit Judge Moore's Etowah County courtroom wall, listing the Ten Commandments. In 2000 the public promoted Roy Moore to Chief Justice. We'll form a human chain around our 10-C Stone if that's what it takes lo stop federal fluke Myron Thompson from removing it. In fact, efforts are underway to remove Myron Thompson. Should any group wish to assemble and sing or record this Ode to Judge Ray S Moore, check with editor Olaf Childress.
Ode to Judge Roy S. Moore
(or, A More Powerful Hand)
By Beverly Jo Jones
(Same tune as “Oh, Danny Boy”)
SOUTHRON BUSINESS LISTING Bonny Blue Catering - Specializing in Southern and European food. We have a 20-ft. mobile kitchen that helps guarantee the freshest high-quality food. We do not and will not use food or products from any communist country (China, etc.), and this includes the very bolts that hold our kitchen together that was built in Georgia. We use all-Southern products if possible. A portion of our profits go to supporting our Southern heritage (Friends of Forest, Southern Legal Resource Center, or your group when sponsoring an event to raise money for the cause).
(251) 965-6397 — P.O. Box 817 Magnolia Springs. Alabama CSA 36S55
WANTED:
Oh, Roy S. Moore, our nation's watching where you stand.
We’ve waited for such guidance from above; for we were lost, in need to hear the truth again.
Your Honor knows the law of God’s own hand.
Oppressed, the people now will heed your wisdom.
I beg you. Sir, hold fast, and help us save this land.
Withdrawn her light, the beauty and the precious dream, hope for defeating nihilism. Will you? W6're drawn your way by a much more Powerful Hand, www guiftel.com/homefrce/advrates.htm Dear Circuit Judge, why did they choose our Gadsden to fife a suit against God's Holy Word?
Surely because, approaching this new David, not knowing the strength of prayer to fall the giant again.
Commandments hand engraved upon a courtroom wall remind America for what she stands: ten truths our hearts will always hold self-evident placed there to stay by a much more Powerful Hand.
Oh, Roy S. Moore, dear Judge on trial, you’ve laid to rest beyond sane doubt, that Moses' sacrifice, bis trust in God, like yours, recalled when put to test, the world to laws that guide all times and men.
The Mom A Pop shops that are now selling American goods to smuggle also The First Freedom into the hands of those in need of truth. Such corporate giants as are willing to see us enslaved on • global plantation won't help spread the word that our South remains the last best
Bedford: A World Milan By Ellen William* Guardian Books 2000 SIS 95
Here is a scary bookl Ellen Williams is a Southern heritage activist and retired schoolteacher.
J She has penned this novel set in the near future. The story . 1 is act in a cultural climate in which the Wc vc lost our way and need to hear these truths again, entire Western world has come under a You’ve brought us hope that we may soon recover. global government it makes foil use of
Oh, Judge on trial, all now we watching your brave stand tod»y-. mosirccognizabie trends;and is« “! . ®	-	.	Bt	.	warning.	Either	we make a 180-degree
and drawn your way by a much more Powerful Hand, mmor this vision will sooo be here, and it
C 2000 Beverly Jo Jones	may	not	take	20	years... - Steven Yates
let them arrest me!” Others then came over and picked the flags back up and started flying them. Oh, well! I’ve been arrested for worse things, so I started to carry mine again also. Upon hearing us recite our constitutional rights, the M.P.D. walked away and left us alone, but said we had to keep moving and could not stop and talk to each other. We marched in a small circle across from the rally.
Atheists protesting with signs on an opposite comer angered one veteran who, very upset when walking past us on leaving the rally, said, “I fought against this type thing in World War Two, and now our government is doing it to us here! I don’t want to talk or listen to speeches, 1 want to fight!”
Most of the speakers, for what 1 could hear of them from across the street, were impressive but spoke to too small a crowd.
Curious news people asked what group we were with. “We belong to different groups, but we are here as individuals,” I replied. One wanted to know the meaning of the three flags on my pole. The Christian
Flag because our country was founded on Christian liberty, said I; the Alabama Flag and Battle Flag because they represent the sovereign State of Alabama and states’ rights, which the federal government is trying to usurp.”
Rick Ritchey, having come to the rally from Stewartville, walked one block to the Southern Poverty Law Center and with his Christian Flag stood alone outside the building. The SPLC's security and four M.P.D. quickly showed up in full riot gear, hounding Mr. Ritchey back up to where we were. So much for Christian liberty today! “We’ve let you carry your flags two hours, it’s time to go,” decreed the Montgomery Police. “We don’t want people stirring up trouble and offending others.” At the same time, a busload of atheist protesters from out of state were dismounting, and the Ten Commandments crowd was thinning out.
Like the veteran, 1 figured it was time to leave.
One happy note: 1 did notice the State Christmas tree in front of our capitol was decorated this year with Alabama flags.
Keep the forts, refuse federal funds
“Perched on the tip of a Baldwin County peninsula. Fort Morgan is owned by the Alabama Historical Commission. Fort Gaines belongs to the Dauphin Island Park and Beach Board, a local agency that also oversees the island's public beach and campground.
“The two installations figured prominently in the 1864 Civil War battle of Mobile Bay. At least in south Alabama, a broad consensus exists that both badly need more money for upkeep and restoration.” - The Mobile Register
By Linda Sewell
Now local liberals want the federal government to control our forts on the Gulf Coast. Our local liberal bureaucrat, Robert Edington, actually believes that Big Brother

2003 K Alabama Moratorium v
In 2002 this state’s Tax Freedom Day fell on April 16, ranking 47th. Only Wcstj Virginia, Oklahoma and Alaska beat us. That’s not good enough. The idea is. that we suffer zero taxes or interest during an annual strike starting the day after this year’s Tax Freedom Day. Once Tax| Freedom Day 2003 is determined, we announce the next day's 24-hour revolt, [ where patriotic books, food and the like I will be sold for cash on the barrel head beneath ‘Tax Free Zone” and ‘‘No Taxes Today!” signs. Nobody needs to attend this demonstration, but there will be no second chance for a tceshirt saying you were there with those of us moving first.
Olaf Children. Chairman Alabama Moratorium Committee
fulfrd.com/homcfrre'48.htm
should take over the reins of Fort Morgan and Fort Gaines. We can be sure that with federal funding will come strings, such as the memorials to Yankee soldiers, banning of the Confederate flag and the total ethnic cleansing of the forts in the name of preservation, Yankee style!
Now is the time to contact Congressman-elect Jo Bonner and request the “study” be tabled, permanently. We have already seen what federal intervention does to our Confederate monuments, memorials, battlefields, etc. Let’s not have them take our forts, too.
If I am not mistaken, and the forts come under National Parks Service jurisdiction, they would also be subject to the new Jesse Jackson Jr. bill which would make slavery a big attraction at the forts. Bah. humbug'!!
The only email address I could locate for Mr. Bonner is in fo(a jobonncr.com. but he can also be faxed at 251-460-4161 or contacted by phone in his Mobile office at 251-460-2500. If 1 find a better email address, I will send it out; meanwhile, bombard the one above. Robert Edington‘s phone number is 251 -432-4424 if you want to give him a shot, too.

ulXIE
I Audi* uhJtL U We	<UJa	euffLy UrU
; The First Freedom
! P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576!
Alab
FULL KAMI		
MAIL A DO* ESS		
		
&
! □ Here's $15 for a one-year subscription.
•	□ $20 for 200 extra copies of current issue. J □ $ 10 for 200 extra copies of a recent issue.
□ Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie” decals.
*	□ $___________as	a	patron.	Keep	it	going!	|

6 The First Freedom January 2003	 Wakc-up	call_
Here’s another story ignored elsewhere: Osama tells why all Muslims have
By Edgar J. Steele
stecle@coDspiricypenpal .com “Permission to fight is given to those who are fought against, because they have been wronged and surely, Allah is able to give them victory.” - Quran (Koran) 22:39 In the latter part of November, a letter to America from Osama bin Laden was released and subsequently translated by the press into English. There has been speculation that the letter is a forgery. There also has been speculation that bin Laden is dead. Having studied and considered the letter, I believe it to be genuine because it militates against the established policy interests of the West.
Besides, bin Laden's letter has gotten very little press. If it were a “false flag,” it would be getting a good deal more media and government attention. Nor has it been circulated widely on the internet. At my website is reproduced the full text of the translation released by Britain's Guardian Observer.
Bin Laden's letter is lengthy and turgid, probably why it has seen so little distribution in the West. It is, in reality, very lucid and well presented. I have taken the liberty of extracting what I believe to be its most salient portions and comment upon them herein.
Bin Laden's letter is important. It should be read and digested by every American. It tells us exactly why all Muslims have declared a jihad (holy war) against America and what, even at this late date, we can do to end it peacefully.
In the following, the material in square brackets is from bin Laden's letter.
We fight because you attacked us in Palestine -
[Why are we fighting and opposing you? The answer is very simple: Because you attacked us and continue to attack us... You attacked us in Palestine ... which has
sunk under military occupation for more
than 80 years. The British handed over Palestine, with your help and your support, to the Jews, who have occupied it for more than 50 years; years overflowing with oppression, tyranny, crimes, killing, expulsion, destruction and devastation. The creation and continuation of Israel is one of the greatest crimes, and you are the leaders of its criminals. And of course there is no need to explain and prove the degree of American support for Israel.] There is far more than a little truth to this accusation. A 1917 letter to Lord Rothschild (founder of the banking dynasty), by then British Foreign Secretary Arthur James Balfour, curried Jewish financial support for the Allies in the First World War. The letter, known as the “Balfour Declaration,” became the basis for the movement to create a Jewish state in Palestine. Balfour wrote: “His Majesty’s Government views with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavors to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine...” For jewish financing, Britain gave over to world jewry that which was not hers to give: Palestine. Israel now is embarked upon a program of genocide against the Palestinian people, in violation even of its own, arguably illegitimate, founding charter.
[(It is a lie) that the Jews have a historical right to Palestine, as it was promised to them in the Torah. Anyone who disputes with them on this alleged fact is accused of anti-semitism. This is one of the most fallacious, widely-circulated fabrications in history. The people of Palestine are pure Arabs and original Semites. It is the Muslims who are the inheritors of Moses... If the followers of Moses have been promised a right to Palestine in the Torah, then the Muslims are the most worthy nation of this ... When the Muslims con-
quered Palestine and drove out the Romans, Palestine and Jerusalem returned to Islaam... The blood pouring out of Palestine must be equally revenged... the Palestinians do not cry alone.]
We fight because you attacked us elsewhere and stole our wealth -
[You attacked us in Somalia; you supported the Russian atrocities against us in Chechnya, the Indian oppression against us in Kashmir, and the Jewish aggression against us in Lebanon... Under your supervision, consent and orders, the governments of our countries which act as your agents attack us on a daily basis.
These governments have surrendered to the Jews, and handed them most of Palestine... The removal of these governments is an obligation upon us... (and) not separate from our fight against you.
You steal our wealth and oil at paltry prices... the biggest theft ever witnessed by mankind...
Your forces occupy our countries; you spread your military bases throughout them; you corrupt our lands, and you besiege our sanctities, to protect the security of the Jews and to ensure the continuity of your pillage of our treasures.]
Again, bin Laden correctly identifies American support of interests opposed to Muslims everywhere and highlights the economic reason for our ongoing presence in the Middle East: oil... their oil.
America complains of its own losses while killing millions of Muslim children -[You have starved the Muslims of Iraq, where...more than 1.5 million Iraqi children have died as a result of your sanctions, and you did not show concern. Yet when 3,000 of your people died, the entire world rises and has not yet sat down.]
“1.5 million Iraqi children.” Remember, this is the statistic about which Madeline Albright, Clinton’s Jewish Secretary of State, uttered one of the most stunningly unfeeling and reprehensible public statements in recorded human history: “It was worth it”
America helps Israel destroy our religious sites —
[You have supported the Jews in their idea that Jerusalem is their eternal capital, and agreed to move your embassy there. With your help and under your protection, the Israelis are planning to destroy the Al-Aqsa mosque.]
All too true.
We have the right to respond in kind... and against American civilians -
[(T)he oppressed have a right to return the aggression... Is it., rational to expect that after America has attacked us for more than half a century, that we will then leave her to live in security and peace?!!
You may then dispute that all the above does not justify aggression against civilians for crimes they did not commit and offenses in which they did not partake... (T)he American people are the ones who choose their government... (t)hus the American people have... affirmed their support for the Israeli oppression of the Palestinians, the occupation and usurpation of their land, and its continuous killing, torture, punishment and expulsion of the Palestinians. The American people have the ability and choice to refuse the policies of their Government and even to change it if they want.
The American people are the ones who pay the taxes which fund the planes that bomb us in Afghanistan, the tanks that strike and destroy our homes in Palestine, the armies which occupy our lands in the Arabian Gulf, and the fleets which ensure the blockade of Iraq. These tax dollars are given to Israel for it to continue to attack us and penetrate our lands. So the American people are the ones who fund the attacks against us...
(I)f we are attacked, then we have the right to attack back. Whoever has destroyed our villages and towns, then we have the right to destroy their villages and towns. Whoever has stolen our wealth.
then we have the right to destroy their economy. And whoever has killed our civilians, then we have the right to kill theirs.]
Reports of Israeli aggression and atrocities against Palestinians are legion. Though this behavior is painted as a justified response to suicide bombings, it is clear the Israelis were the initial wrongdoers. To know the truth of this, one need only consider what it would take to cause one to die as Palestinian suicide bombers do; consider just how desperate and without options one would have to become.
And, wherever America strikes, civilian losses are large... much larger than purely military strikes would require, though America excuses such losses as “collateral damage.”
It is difficult for us to admit that bin Laden has a point in this regard, and even harder to grant him the right to strike at American civilians. Like so many, I understand his logic and sympathize with his attitude. I must, as one of his targets, protest and vow to respond in kind, however, should he follow through on his threat Self preservation is, perhaps, the prime motivator in life. This does not excuse American misbehavior in the first place, however. I protest it, as well.
We fight because America will listen to nothing else —
[The American Government and press still refuses to answer the question: Why did they attack us in New York and Washington? America does not understand the language of manners and principles, so we are addressing it using the language it understands.]
It is still far from clear to me that bin Laden had anything to do with 9-11. However, it serves his purpose to allow the blame to fall on his shoulders.
It seems far more likely that Israel was behind 9-11, a “false flag” operation like so many others that Israel has authored, particularly since Israel was the only country clearly to benefit. Everyone seems to have forgotten just how badly Israel was being savaged, even in the jewish-owned American media, for its treatment of Palestinians, before the WTC towers fell.
What is interesting is that both Israeli and Muslim interests favor a Middle East conflagration, each expecting to prevail following such, which requires that America be dragged into the middle, of course. Bin Laden must make America back away or become the prime combatant. He cannot directly assault Israel. Israel must make America fight its fight, as always. Bonus points to America in the form of cheap oil, of course.
Bin Laden has been telling us right from the start why he is doing what be is doing. We haven’t been listening. We still aren’t. He is right We will listen only to acts of aggression. I fear that it will be too late by the time we are willing to hear, however. We call you to Islam -[What are we calling you to, and what do we want from you? The first thing that we are calling you to is Islam. It is the religion of showing kindness to others, establishing justice between them, granting them their rights, and defending the oppressed and the persecuted.]
I'm not sure that, with this, bin Laden really is asking us all to convert to Islam, so much as he is asking us to adopt what he claims to be its guiding principles -kindness and justice - not bad things for which to ask. What is significant is that he considers America to be lacking in these qualities. We may disagree with him, but he deserves to have his point of view acknowledged. He may, after all, be comet You are the worst civilization in history -[The second thing we call you to, is to stop your oppression, lies, immorality and debauchery that has spread among you. We call you to be a people of manners, principles, honour, and purity; to reject the immoral acts of fornication, homosexuality, intoxicants, gambling, and trading with
interest., that you may be freed from the deceptive lies that you are a great nation, that your leaders spread amongst you to conceal from you the despicable state to which you have reached. It is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization witnessed by the history of mankind.] Strong words, indeed. Scarcely any American could agree. What is remarkable, however, is that much of Islam’s constituency does seem to agree with bin Laden. Consider if this truly reflects how they view us, can we possibly blame them for their declaration of jihad against us? In their place — and possessed of a similar conviction - could we do any less?
America’s sins are numerous and manifest —
[You... choose to invent your own laws as you will and desire. You separate religion from your policies, contradicting the pure nature which affirms Absolute Authority to the Lord and your Creator.
You are the nation that permits Usury, which has been forbidden by all the religions. Yet you build your economy and investments on Usury. As a result of this, in all its different forms and guises, the Jews have taken control of your economy... your media, and now control all aspects of your life making you their servants and achieving their aims at your expense, precisely what Benjamin Franklin warned you against
You are a nation that permits the production, trading and usage of intoxicants. You also permit drugs, and only forbid the trade of them, even though your nation is the largest consumer of them.
You are a nation that permits acts of immorality, and you consider them to be pillars of personal freedom.
Who can forget your President Clintons immoral acts committed in the official Oval office? After that you did not even bring him to account
You are a nation that permits gambling in its all forms. The companies practice this as well, resulting in the investments becoming active and the criminals becoming rich.
You are a nation that exploits women... (y)ou then rant that you support the liberation of women.
You are a nation that practices the trade of sex in all its forms... because of all this, you have been described in history as a nation that spreads diseases that were unknown to man in the past
You have destroyed nature with your industrial waste and gases more than any other nation in history. Despite this, you refuse to sign the Kyoto agreement Your law is the law of the rich and wealthy people, who hold sway in their political parties, and fund their election campaigns with their gifts. Behind them stand the Jews, who control your policies, media and economy.]
Tough to argue with any of this, excepting only the spin imparted to it by bin Laden's rhetoric. Reasonable minds can differ as to the import of these various allegations. Some would call them attributes. Fact is, though, that once again he is right on the money.
It may well be that some or all of these points account for America's current state of degeneracy, if any, but if these are a part of the reasons for bin Laden's jihad against America, then we rightly should tell him to mind his own business. He has no right to meddle in our affairs, just as he faults us for meddling in the affairs of Islamic nations.
Regardless, bin Laden demonstrates a better grasp of American history than the vast majority of Americans with his reference to Benjamin Franklin's warning. Say what you will about its accuracy, the fact is that Benjamin Franklin, at the Philadelphia Constitutional Convention of 1787, made the following statement during what was recorded in the diary of Charles Pinckney, a delegate from South Carolina, as a “Chit Chat Around the Table During Intermission”:	(See	next	page)

1
— Wake-up call —
declared a holy war against the United States
“I fully agree with General Washington, that we must protect this young nation from an insidious influence and impenetration. The menace, gentlemen, is the Jews. In whatever country Jews have settled in any great numbers, they have lowered its moral tone; depreciated its commercial integrity; have segregated themselves and have not been assimilated; have sneered at and tried to undermine the Christian Religion upon which that nation is founded by objecting to its restrictions; have built up a state within a state; and when opposed have tried to strangle that country to death financially, as in the case of Spain and Portugal.
“For over 1700 years the Jews have been bewailing their sad fate in that they have'been exiled from their homeland, they call Palestine. But, Gentlemen, should the world today give it to them in fee simple, they would at once find some cogent reason for not returning. Why? Because they are Vampires, and Vampires do not live on Vampires. They cannot live only among themselves. They must subsist on Christians and other people not of their race.
“If you do not exclude them from these United States, in this Constitution, in less than 200 years they will have swarmed in such great numbers that they will dominate and devour the land, and change our form of government {which has been done — changed from a republic to a democracy, now bordering on an autocracy}, for which we Americans have shed our blood, given our lives, our substance and jeopardized our liberty.
“If you do not exclude them, in less than 200 years our descendants will be working in the fields to furnish them sustenance, while they will be in the counting houses rubbing their hands. I warn you. Gentlemen, if you do not exclude the Jews for all time, your children will curse you in your graves.”
Benjamin Franklin was one of the six founding fathers designated to draw up The Declaration of Independence. He spoke before the Constitutional Congress in May 1787, and asked that Jews be barred from immigrating to America. The above are his exact words. As to the ultimate effect upon America of that about which Franklin warned his codelegates, consider what happened in Russia during the last century, once the Bdlsheviks, virtually all of whom were Jews and financed by the same interests to which Britain turned and for whom it authored the Balfour Declaration, took control following the (Jewish financed) Russian Revolution. Prophetic, indeed.
American justice is for America and its allies only -
[(Y)ou have used your force to destroy mankind more than any other nation in history; not to defend principles and values, but to hasten to secure your interests and profits.
Let us not forget one of your major characteristics... (a)U manners, principles and values have two scales: one for you and one for the others.
The freedom and democracy that you call to is for yourselves and for white race only.
Your policy on prohibiting and forcibly removing weapons of mass destruction... only applies to those countries which you do not permit to possess such weapons.]
Give the devil his due. He is right. How else can America possibly justify disarming Iraq while simultaneously supplying nuclear, biological and chemical warfare capability to Israel? Given America’s track record of late, we are far less worthy of possessing such weapons than other countries that have yet to demonstrate a proclivity for their use.
America protects its own war criminals -
[You are the last ones to respect the resolutions and policies of International Law, yet you claim to want to selectively punish anyone else who does the same.
Israel has for more than 50 years been pushing UN resolutions and rules against the wall with the full support of America.
As for the war criminals which you censure and form criminal courts for - you shamelessly ask that your own are granted immunity!]
He is right. America and Israel together have violated many, many more UN resolutions than has Iraq, the country about which America complains the loudest.
How ironic that the very man recently appointed to head up the officially-sanctioned 9-11 investigation, Henry Kissinger, literally cannot travel to a great many countries because he would be subject to arrest and trial for war crimes arising from his role in connection with America's Viet Nam fiasco!
America must mind its own business -[We also advise you to stop supporting Israel, and to end your support of the Indians in Kashmir, the Russians against the Chechens and to also cease supporting the Manila Government against the Muslims in Southern Philippines.
[We also advise you to pack your luggage and get out of our lands... do not force us to send you back as cargo in coffins.
[(W)e call upon you to end your support of the corrupt leaders in our countries. Do not interfere in our politics and method of education. Leave us alone, or else expect us in New York and Washington.]
Not unreasonable, certainly, to tell us to avoid foreign entanglements. Our own founding fathers cautioned the same. Without a regime change of the first order in America, however, this will not happen, since America has become Israel’s bully boy” and looks upon Middle Eastern oil as its own. This is the deal breaker. This is why WWIII now seems inevitable.
Meet our demands or prepare to fight -[If you fail to respond to all these conditions, then prepare for fight with the Islamic Nation.
[If the Americans refuse to listen to our advice... then be aware that you will lose this Crusade Bush began. If the Americans do not respond, then their fate will be that of the Soviets who fled from Afghanistan to deal with their military defeat, political breakup, ideological downfall, and economic bankruptcy.
[This is our message to the Americans. Do they now know why we fight them?] What is most remarkable about these final paragraphs is how bin Laden seems not to see the coming unpleasantries as inevitable. Even at this late date, we could secure our nation’s safety by the simple expediency of withdrawing to our own borders and showing Islam much the same
Home schooling
Nineteen years old and about to finish her first year of college, considering herself a very liberal Democrat, the young lady challenged her father’s rather staunch Republicanism, his beliefs and opposition to programs like welfare.
He asked how it was going in school. She proudly announced her 4.0 GPA, but said it was tough always studying, never having time to go out and party, missing so much sleep with all the assignments, too little leisure for a boyfriend and really not many college friends because of all that studying. Dad inquired about her friend Mary, attending the same college.
“Barely getting by, a 2.0 GPA; she never studies, but is very popular on campus and at parties all the time. Often misses classes because of being hung over!” Dad then asked his daughter why she didn't go to the Dean’s office, check if she couldn’t take 1.0 off her 4.0 and give it to her friend having only a 2.0. That way they would both have a 3.0 GPA.
"That wouldn 1 be fair!" shot back the daughter. “I worked really hard for mine, and my friend has done nothing.** Then, after a moment of silence... MI guess 1 won’t be voting Democrat again.”
consideration as that shown to, say, Great Britain.
In reality, everything that bin Laden has said can be summed up in a simple homily: If you want to be loved more, be more lovable. He has a point. Pity that we won’t listen.
according to the misnamed “Patriot Act99 This concludes an exposition begun in our previous issue.
By Doreen Miller
Yellow/Times.org
A “suspected terrorist,” according to section 412, needs only to be “certified” by the Attorney General on “reasonable grounds” that he “believes” someone to be engaged in terrorist activities.
Again, no solid evidence is required, only a belief or suspicion suffices.
Section 236A gives the Attorney General unprecedented powers untouchable by any court, whereby he may detain a suspect in increments of up to six months at a time if he believes the suspect’s release would threaten national security, or the safety of the community or any person. “At the Attorney General’s discretion” [read: personal whims], “no court shall have jurisdiction to review, by habeas corpus, petition, or otherwise, any such action or decision.” [emphasis mine]
In other words, the Attorney General’s word is sacrosanct! To give one man such grave and all-encompassing power over the fate of any other individual is akin to what happens in fascist police states, not in a free and openly democratic society.
Whatever happened to one's right to face one’s accuser, to have a fair trial by one’s peers, to be allowed to view the evidence against oneself, or to have an attorney?
Is it not cruel and unusual punishment to be denied your civil rights, considered guilty until “proving yourself innocent” -which is, in fact, very difficult to do, held in prison on “secret evidence” for months or years on end with no access to a lawyer and no chance for defending yourself against false and unfounded accusations?
I heard President Bush on the news a few weeks ago boasting that the U.S. has so far “captured and detained over 2,400 suspected terrorists.” Yet, by most accounts those being detained were initially brought in on minor violations (which in a saner world would not have meant incarceration), and have not had any terrorist-related charges brought against them.
To this day, it is my understanding that fewer than a dozen have actually been connected to any terrorist activity. Is that what a democracy does: imprison whole groups of people to catch the fewer than 1 percent who are actually committing criminal acts?
The USA PATRIOT Act also includes under the “crimes of terrorism” umbrella the destruction of property even if no one is hurt (section 808), telemarketing fraud (section 1011), as well as any kind of computer hacking (section 217). Under the rubric of “guilt by association,” this act also permits the denial of entry to and even the imprisonment of “the spouse or child of an inadmissible alien” who’s been “designated” as a terrorist within the past five years (section 211).
The FBI can now legitimately demand access to anyone’s business, medical, student, bank, library or any other personal records in order “to protect against... clandestine intelligence activities.” (Sec. 501) The Associated Press reported on June 25
January 2003 The First Freedom 7
come.
“I didn't say it would be easy. I just said it would be the truth.” - Morpheus
©2002 Edgar J. Steele The above article may be reprinted. Permission is granted to circulate among private individuals and groups, post on all internet sites and publish in full in
that the FBI has been reviewing the library records of several hundred individuals in libraries across the nation using a quick and largely secret process which is now legal under the PATRIOT Act.
Judith Krug, the American Library Association’s director for intellectual freedom, in a straight-forward statement is quoted as saying, “... these records and information can be had with so little reason or explanation. It’s super secret, and anyone who wants to talk about what the FBI did at their library faces prosecution. That has nothing to do with patriotism.”
It seems we must now extend Ashcroft’s warning about watching what we say in public to include what we may read as well. It is really not such a large leap to imagine our hyperparanoid government beginning to imprison people suspected of “aiding and abetting the enemy” based upon their “unpatriotic” ideologies and choice of reading material.
The USA PATRIOT Act creates and allows for a virtual police state with little to no judicial oversight. We, as a nation, are literally treading the razor's edge when it comes to flirting with the grave dangers
inherent in giving up our rights for the empty promises of “safety" and “national security” masquerading under the guise of a “patriotic” PATRIOT Act. Once falling off that edge, we. the people might find reclaiming and reinstating our rights, authority and power very difficult.
The obvious question is: just what can the average person do? Across this nation, wise and enlightened individuals have been forming groups to fight the injustices that the PATRIOT Act imposes on us. Resolutions have been passed unanimously by city councils in Amherst, Leverett, Northampton, Ann Arbor, Berkeley, Denver and Cambridge. Other cities and towns are in the process of preparing their own resolutions and gathering signatures on petitions to protect our civil liberties against the offenses of this Act
The Northampton Bill of Rights Defense Committee’s website www.gjf.org/nbordc offers a wide range of organizing tools, links, and information about similar campaigns around the country to help you get started in your own community.
A rally in Boston this past June 22 kicked off a movement in Massachusetts to gather 100,000 signatures petitioning our state congressional delegates to introduce a bill that would call for the repeal or amendment of those sections of the PATRIOT Act that stand in clear violation of our constitutional rights. For more information or to get involved, you may contact the ACLU of Massachusetts at 617-482-3170 x 314.
At this critical juncture, to sit back and naively trust our government officials to protect anything except their uncontested, ill-gotten power is to risk losing the very liberties, rights, and freedoms our founding fathers fought so hard to procure for each and every one of us.
If we don’t stand up for our rights, who will? If we don’t demand the extension of these same rights to all people within our borders, we are nothing but accomplices in the hypocritical, haphazard, and biased application of our nation's core principles of democracy and equal rights.
not-for-profit publications. Contact author for all New America. An idea whose time has other rights, which are reserved.
High treas°n in U.S. government
i	w
3S ilik.	~m* \k H 1 M * ■ 1 | I
Just who is a terrorist? Anyone,
— The South —
8 The First Freedom January 2003
TENNESSEE
By June Griffin
Yesterday I phoned my Senator, Doctor Frist, to tell him that if he didn’t speak against Jews or Blacks he would be all right, could tear up the constitution, pass all kinds of mandatory autocratic laws, put federal snoops everywhere, be a general nuisance; if he didn't speak against Jews or Blacks he would be hailed as a great leader. Remember Spiro Agnew?
Well, guess what? When 1 phoned his office, a voice told me he wasn’t in, to leave a message, and then it was repeated in Spanish! This of course drew me aside in horror, and 1 left a message which they will not soon forget. Think of it! Why would someone speaking Spanish want to call Dr. Frist? You still have to speak English to become a citizen, and I was under the impression that Dr. Frist represented citizens. Ain’t that the case?
As Speaker, what language will he be speaking? If you should ever meet this “conservative without edges,” as he is described by the communist press at NPR, don’t shake hands with him. It is like shaking hands with a fish. I am sorry to report that Tennessee has had a legacy of the worst leadership and judiciary in the last 50 years. They do not represent Tennessee and are a disgrace to the likes of Alvin York, John Sevier, Davy Crockett, Andy Jackson or William Brownlow - all giants in courage and righteousness. The last leader we had who lived up to the standard was Rep. Carroll Reece. Long live his memory!
But there is still a fire burning in Tennessee. And the water from the mouth of the dragon cannot put it out	□
VIRGINIA
We read in the Dec 19 Hmes-Dispatch, |Furious with Attorney General Jerry W. Kilgore’s efforts to hinder illegal immigrants from attending state colleges, immigrant advocates are planning to fight back when the General Assembly convenes in Richmond next month.
“Yesterday, during a forum on Kilgore’s initiatives, representatives of immigrant groups said the attorney general’s proposals ignore the hurdles that children of illegal immigrants face in becoming American citizens.
“The forum drew about 100 people to the Arlington Education Center.
“By seeking to exclude undocumented students from state-funded schools, Kilgore thwarts efforts by Republican colleagues to help the children of immigrant parents, his critics added...”
Times-Dispatch writer Paul Bradley is bleeding his heart out here for illegal alien children smuggled into Virginia by their Mexican parents. His “balanced” reporting: Eighteen paragraphs argue a case for their “rights.” Another seven regret the AG’s absurd notions about enforcing the law. □
Can the South Survive?
Paperback, 705 pages - S22.50 includes shipping The Rebel Press. Wynneyyood, OK This is the book which absolutely must be read if the South is to reclaim its lost place in the mipral, cultural, and political landscape of America. Can the South survive as a part of the declining American republic, | or must it secede and go its own way? Grissom takes a critical look at the South in this exhaustive analysis of current trends. Does the South have even a right to exist? If so, can it survive immigration, integration, and a consuming coarsening of its culture? If not, should it simply calm down and enjoy the ride? Grissom provides the facts, draws some conclusions, and asks the questions at which others only hint.
[		
1	fERRORISM	
EMfiSSINCE		1861
How much longer this subjugation?
By Jack McMillan, Ph.D.
Recently we marked the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks. Much was said of that dreadful day when 3000 died. Like many, I recalled the footage of jets flying into the Twin Towers and theic eventual collapse. I remember the initial speculations of that day; some commentators proclaimed it would be the bloodiest day in American history. Well, it wasn’t More died during the attack on Pearl Harbor. The bloodiest day however occurred on September 17, 1862 when over 28,000 died at Sharpsburg, Maryland in what is known as the Battle of Antietam. So many today are poorly versed in American history, especially television pundits, “talking heads,” who seem wise only to the extent of their wisdom.
Interestingly, America Online had a blurb on its opening “pop-up” about Antietam. Out of curiosity, 1 read some of the messages posted. As usual, there were those who insisted the War For Southern Independence had been solely about slavery, while others countered saying the issue was states* rights. Wars are in fact complex events with multiple causes. I interjected a message stating a major source of contention between North and South was the issue of taxation, the same issue that led our forefathers to secede from Great Britain. It is difficult to say whether anyone actually read my message, but hopefully a few did.
The messages did indicate one thing -j the success of leftist “educators” in promulgating a distorted view of history. That is not surprising; history books are written
it does show that we in the Southern movement have our work before us. As we endeavor to counter prevailing misconceptions, it seems a good place to start would be with the words of those who were actually there. History should be the record of events and the people associated with those events, not the speculations and biases of writers who lived much later. As the Roman historian Cicero stated, “The first law of the historian is that he shall never dare utter an untruth. The second is that he shall suppress nothing that is true. Moreover, there shall be no suspicion of partiality in his writing, or of malice.” Unfortunately, few in academia today heed Cicero’s words.
To that end, I wish to submit some quotes from Southerners of the period. Those who claim the Confederacy fought merely to preserve slavery would do well to read these words. First, let us hear the great Irish Confederate, General Patrick Cleburne:
“1 am with the South in life or in death, in victory or defeat. I never owned a negro
■“"WHAovim MW C€Nr»
6 HDj
You are looking here at the cold and formidable architecture of hate. Behind that tinted glass and across the street from the Alabama Supreme Court Rotunda window where rests the Decalogue Stone sits Morris Dees, a man who collects millions from well-intentioned contributors while promoting his "alternate lifestyle."
The editor of this newspaper was physically ejected from the University of West Florida on Jan. 12,2002 for asking him: "Why does the SPLC repeatedly publish propaganda associating our Southern heritage movement with hate? We tell everyone who will listen, it has nothing to do with hate. Why do you hate us teaching true history?"
He simply punched Olaf Childress In the chest and signaled two burly guards who threw him out.
...In addition to this, I believe the North is about to wage a brutal and unholy war on a people who have done them no wrong, in violation of the constitution and the fundamental principles of the government. They no longer acknowledge that all government derives its validity from the consent of the governed.
“Every man should endeavor to understand the meaning of subjugation before it is too late... It means the history of this heroic struggle will be written by the enemy; that our youth will be trained by Northern schoolteachers; will learn from Northern school books their version of the war, will be impressed by the influences of history and education to regard our gallant dead as traitors, and our maimed veterans as fit objects for derision...
“It is said slavery is all we are fighting for, and if we give it up we give up all. Even if this were true, which we deny, slavery is not all our enemies arc fighting for. It is merely the pretense to establish sectional superiority and a more centralized form of government, and to deprive us of our rights and liberties.” The words of this fine general speak volumes. No, the South fought not for slavery, but for freedom. That is our legacy and we have every right to be proud of it!
Upon hearing of Lee’s surrender, Confederate Chaplain Alexander Davis Betts wrote in his journal, “In little, sad groups they softly talked of the past, the presenti and the future. Old men were there, who would have cheerfully gone on, enduring the hardship of war, and protracted absence j
had been away from wives and children for years, had gone through many battles, had lost much on their farms or stores or factories or professional business; but would that night have been glad to shoulder the gun and march forward for the defense of their ’native land.* Young men and boys were there, who loved their country and were unspeakably sad at the thought of the failure to secure Southern Independence.” Betts continued in his diary and wrote, “Rev. W. C. Willson and I walked out of the camp and talked and wept together. As I started back to my tent - to my mule and saddle, I should say, for I had no tent - I passed three lads sitting close together, talking softly and sadly. I paused and listened. One said, ‘It makes me very sad, to think of our surrendering. * Another said, ‘It hurts me worse than the thought of battle ever did.* The third raised his arm, clenched his fist and seemed to grate his teeth as he said, ‘I would rather know we had to go into battle tomorrow morning.'
been in that camp that night generals, colonels and other officers who had been moved by a desire for worldly honor. Owners of slaves and of lands may have hoped for financial benefit from Confederate success. But these boys felt they had a country that ought to be free!”
As Reverend Betts notes, the average soldier in the Confederate ranks was not a wealthy slave-owner, but an ordinary man fighting for that most dear, liberty and freedom. This same sentiment is expressed over again in many accounts from the time. Another example is found in the following passage from The Gray Book: “I was a soldier in Virginia in the campaigns of Lee and Jackson, and I declare I never met a Southern soldier who had drawn his sword to perpetuate slavery... What he had chiefly at heart was the preservation of the supreme and sacred right of self-government.. A very small minority of the men who fought in the Southern armies were financially interested in the institution of slavery.”
We in the Southern movement today need to set the record straight. Our detractors have been given free rein to spread their lies for too long. Deo Vindice!
Jack McMillan lives with his wife and daughter in Hawaii, where he received his PhD in Geology and Geophysics from the University of Hawaii-Manoa. The Knoxville, Tennessee native is a member of the League of the South and the Southern Party.
GEORGIA
Following is an excerpt that appeared in the Dec. 29 Marietta Daily Journal, where editorial page editor Joe Kirby made his predictions for 2003. Here’s what he had to say about a promised referendum on the return of the real Georgia State Flag.
“Gov. Sonny Perdue will do as little to change the state flag as he can get away with. The only person happier than new Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist at seeing Trent Lott self-destruct was probably Perdue. He now has two built-in excuses for dragging his feet on changing the flag. The first is that he’d be crazy do anything that can be perceived as pro-Confederate and that would put this state in the cross-hairs of the national media.
“And there is exactly zero chance a Republican governor is going to lay groundwork in 2003 for a referendum in 2004 - a presidential election year - on the flag. The bottom line? The effort to return the Confederate Battle Emblem to the Georgia State Flag has about as much chance of succeeding as Pickett’s Charge did.”
Editor Kirby doesn’t acknowledge that the flag has already been restored, and on many hundreds of tall flagpoles along the state’s rural and interstate highways where they fly proudly in the breeze; and will still be maintained by true citizens of the State of Georgia, as distinct from its decadent capital at Hotlanta, long after his newspaper has become obsolete as what’s-his-name -no, not Lott, last year’s governor-once the internet and other patriot forums have cleaned the stables of the mess made by those New World orderlies.
There was patriotism! There may have
by the victors to justify their actions. Still, from their families, for the freedom of their]
country. Middle aged men were there, who
— MLK Boulevard —
January 2003 The First Freedom 9
Alabama malls ask for it, disgruntled patrons boycott the boycotters
By Linda Sewell
banal mda@comcast.net
It is my sad duty to report that a major heritage violation has occurred in Mobile, Alabama. A company with which I am sure you are all familiar, Dixie Outfitters, after leasing a space in Colonial Bel Air Mall in Mobile to sell their wares, has been asked to vacate those premises by mall management because their products are deemed ‘‘offensive” to some.
It appears that another shop, which happens to be an ethnic clothing company, phoned the local NAACP and voiced their complaints. The latter then called the mall and threatened a boycott, whereupon the mall management fell to its knees. Dixie Outfitters was given until Sunday, Dec. 15 to vacate the premises.
Upon hearing of this blatant violation, I telephoned the manager of the mall, Tim Nolan. He told me that the mall could not allow display of items deemed offensive to others. I ask him, if I walked through the mall and found other items which were personally obscene to me, would he also order those companies to leave? He said no.
I tried to explain to him how he was selectively discriminating against an entire culture of Mobile, the majority of which shopped at his mall. He answered that “the majority of the people” here thought the Confederate flag a symbol of hatred and divisive. 1 told him he was mistaken; that the media had said the same thing about the flag in Mississippi, the flags in Biloxi, and the real Georgia flag. 1 asked Mr. Nolan to check out the voting results in Biloxi, in the states of Mississippi and Georgia, where, even though prophesied by the media that the Confederate Battle Flag was “hated” and “offensive” to the majority, those votes proved the media had lied in order to appease the peecee crowd. I reminded Mr. Nolan that the vote was unanimous to keep the flags in Mississippi and Biloxi and get rid of those turncoat politicians who had voted away the real Georgia Flag.
He could not, however, be swayed. His mind was made up. Dixie Outfitters must go!
That's why we have started putting the pressure on Bel Air Mali's major stores, Dillards, etc., and telling them why we must boycott the entire mall because of its discrimination against our Southern Confederate culture. To call Mr. Nolan would be futile, as he appears to be a scalawag whose only interest is in staying politically correct; one who can't see the forest for the trees?
I checked Dillard’s website and did not find an email address, only a site to voice a message. We prefer that message to go through Dillards and other stores at the
mall, and have begun protesting in front of these stores. We wish their managers to have the mall call off its dogs and issue an apology to Dixie Outfitters.
You may reach the Dillards manager at 251-471-1551. There is no toll free number directly to the store. If you wish to call Mr. Tim Nolan, manager of Colonial Bel Air Mall, his number is 251-478-1893.
However, I believe our interests will be better served by calling the surrounding
stores and letting them know that we will be launching a boycott and protest at their locations! The manager of the mall is not interested in profit; however, the stores most definitely are!
Should you need the names or numbers of other stores in Colonial Bel Air Mall, please contact me and I will be happy to furnish that information.
Dixie day to all!
Linda Sewell is President of the Alabama Heritage Preservation Association.
What ever happened to logic? The New World must claim that God made a mistake. God created White men and Black men, but Uncle Sam seems to believe that the Tan man is the solution to the mistake God made. For the few! God didn't make a mistake, Sam is making one. We'll see what we shall see.	-	Jim,	in	Little	Rock
"Fighting Racism" is tough, but someone's got tsdortl
^Onnk up Baby* There's more where that came from*
But since when does -fighting racism" include getting a small merchant evicted for selling non hatefulJ heritage - themed Teddy Bears?
Well , there goes the kids Christmas1
A mall must fall when the Naacpia calls
By Olaf Childress
Those Naacpies in Mobile weren't the only ones smelling cash in phony tears, Bel Air being merely the initial target. Here, an “ethnic brother” clothier, thinking his own flaunting of racial pride legitimate, became insulted by somebody else's ethnicity and demanded Dixie Outfitters get out of town. All the Black brother wanted was to see the accustomed Lott-media-jerk reaction.
When Bel Air Mall manager Tim Nolan jerked quickly to attention and obliged, that attack spread to Huntsville, Dothan, Birmingham, Gadsden, etc., etc. Nolan felt the mall was in an “emotionally charged controversy that we didn't want to be in the middle of.” But going AWOL is no option for an executive officer, as he soon learned.
When a Dec. 14 shopper at the Madison Square Mall in Huntsville saw all benches closest to the kiosk selling Dixie Outfitters
merchandise occupied by Blacks dressed in their Sunday best, one with a camera, thinking this odd, she moved (o the upper level of the mall to get a better view. There she found another dozen or so similarly dressed Black men and women standing near the railing looking down on the kiosk. From the other side of the upper walkway, viewing the kiosk scene below, she could see three uniformed city policemen and two mall security guards patrolling next to the kiosk. Then she noticed another mall security guard on the upper level watching the scene from above, all those Blacks at the benches and standing on the upper level just staring at the kiosk. Our source stayed there observing for about 25 minutes until it was announced that the mall was closing.
Following a small group of the Blacks outside she then overheard some of them saying, “Guess I'll see you tomorrow.”
Does that mean they are all going back to intimidate customers of the Dixie Outfitters vendor7 Why were five uniformed officers stationed next to the kiosk? Well, at least in Huntsville they weren’t AWOL.
Some think we should sue the Naacpies for brutalizing Dixie Outfitters. I say let the firm fund its own legal counterattack by selling clothing items with the Battle Flag and such messages as, “Bel Air Mall hates me - [x] - Boycott Bel Air!” and 1 will buy one. The century of civil wrongs must end.
Even the Mobile Register is beginning to get the picture, on Dec. 13 having opined: “Many blacks sec the flag, which consists of a blue St. Andrews Cross with 13 stars on a red field, as a symbol of racism. Others, including Civil War enthusiasts, contend the flag has nothing to do with racism and that it merely represents the history of the South and the Confederacy.”
What we have learned from the Lott affair
By Michael Andrew Grissom
www.nuchaelaDdrewgrisflom.coni It would've been much easier to have believed that all these denunciations of Trent Lott were being spewed from the old Soviet Union's entrenched communists than come to grips with the fact that this is the dangerous climate now existing in the United States. Not only do we have Democrats, hoping they can flush Republican integrity down the drain -which paltry amount would not put a strain on the sewer pipes - but we also have Republicans in lolo trouncing Senator Lott as roundly as the Democrats. (No wonder Samuel Francis calls them the Stupid Party.) Add to that the subversive media, which is virtually a carbon copy of Pravda, the official newspaper of the old Soviet Union, and you realize that we here have become what the Soviets once were.
What Trent Lott said was true. If the country had elected Strom Thurmond in 1948, we “wouldn't have had all these problems over all these years.” Instead, this country’s voters gave us Harry Truman, who had already negotiated away the rights of Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland,
and Rumania, handing them over to the Soviet Union after World II. In further concession to the Soviets, Truman helped cut up Europe to the great distress of all concerned in that part of the world. Had voters elected Thurmond, there would never have been a North Korea with which we have to deal very seriously now that they have nuclear weapons.
But it is none of these arguments which captured the attention of the “thought police.” It was the new American taboo of saying anything Blacks do not wish to hear. Lott may never have meant, as happily charged in the press, that we would have been better off with a segregationist President, but I wish he had. It is true, and it is time someone says so.
Flippant feminist columnist Kathleen Parker went into hysterics, asking just what kind of “problems” Lott meant. Using silly references to Hitler, she wrote, “Wonder which problems Herr Lott had in mind? That darned Black vote? Those integrated public schools? Hip-hop? White flight? Black crime? The blind date that darkens the door of the White family room?” Not bright enough to realize it, she
was giving all the correct answers. To think that White parents are not concerned about the racial makeup of their families and passing down inherited traits from generations back, as deeply as Jews arc concerned about inter-faith marriage which nearly always results in a non-Jewish household, is to exhibit a profound ignorance of the importance of race in this country and in the world.
Blacks, who are very clever, have discovered a formula which has neutralized every public official in this country. It involves intimidation, threats, retribution, incessant demands, extorting money from corporations, attempting to bankrupt companies in court, and in general making themselves as obnoxious as possible so that no one will say or do anything which might displease a Black man or woman. Politicians, who make the laws, have submitted to the Black agenda, and we see an increasingly socialistic government as a result. In other words, give up your liberties quietly or be prepared to suffer ignominy. There is no fight left in the White public sector. That is why we saw immediate disavowals and apologies from Trent
Lott. Would that Trent Lott cared more for his integrity than his position as Senate leader. If he really believed in the things embodied in the compliment given to a 100-year-old man on his birthday, then Lott would be worth a whole lot more to Mississippi and the rest of us as a simple Senator who just might be representing a majority of White people who have no one to speak for them.
Even those who call themselves conservative were among the Lott detractors, and Armstrong Williams, considered among some as a “leading Black conservative,” tore into Lott in savage rhetoric. Which brings me to an observation: Some Blacks find advantage in masquerading as conservatives, but when it comes to race, they are not conservative with your views. You better bury your own deeply held beliefs and subscribe to their odd racial opinions or have your whole existence become a nightmare. In other words. White men should “shut up.” And that is basically what we have learned from the Trent Lott Affair.	’	'
Michael Grissom is (he author of several books on the South, one of which is reviewed on page 8
10 The First Freedom January 2003	— Setting the record Straight —
They care not for the high-minded ideals of Jefferson and Washington
(Continued from page 1) surrender.
When Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe murders his political opponents, ignores unfavorable court decisions, terrorizes the population and siphons off millions from the state treasury for himself and his friend, South Africa's new President Thabo Mbeki holds his hand and declares his support. That just happened a few weeks ago.
Your tax dollars will go to those who don't earn and don't pay. In South Africa, organizations that used to have access to state funds such as old age homes, the arts and veterans' services, are simply abandoned.
What will happen is that Western structures in America will be either destroyed from without, or transformed from within, used to suit the goals of the new rulers. And they will reign either through tenor, as in Zimbabwe today, or exert other corrupt pressures to obtain or buy votes. Once power is in the hands of aliens, don't expect loyalty or devotion to principles from those whose jobs are at stake. One of the most surprising and tragic components of the disaster in South Africa is how many previously anti-ANC Whites simply moved to the other side.
Once you lose social, cultural, and political dominance, there is no getting it back again.
Unfortunately, your habits and values work against you. You cannot fight tenor and street mobs with letters to your Congressmen. You cannot fight accusations of racism with prayer meetings. You cannot appeal to the goodness of your fellow man when the fellow man despises you for your weakness and hacks off the arms and legs of his political opponents.
To survive, Americans must never
lose the power they now enjoy to people from alien cultures. Above all, don’t put yourselves to the test of fighting only when your backs are against the wall. You will probably fail.
Millions around the world want your good life. But make no mistake: They care not for the high-minded ideals of Jefferson and Washington, and your constitution. What they want are your possessions, your
SECURITY
NON omk	P0TfNT«A KT
Her supervisors refused to investigate this strange case, aired by 60 Minutes on Oct 25,2002. Sibel Edmonds, ejected from her job as a translator of FBI intercepts for attempting to blow the whistle on the wrong spies, went public with her ordeal as a means of preserving her life. She accuses Jan Dickerson, who was also an interpreter as well as a former employee of the target under surveillance, of attempting to silence her on certain information assigned for translation, because the message would’ve embarrassed the Turkish/lsraeli axis. Edmonds preferred to defend her own country's security interests instead; but, she says, in refusing to be recruited as a spy for these foreign interests, Dickerson and her U.S. military officer husband threatened her life. Senators Chuck Grassley and Patrick Leahy are investigating, but the FBI seems no less afraid of that powerful Israeli syndicate in Washington than are most of our “representatives.”
power, and your status.
And they already know that their allies among you, the “human rights activists,” the skillful lawyers and the left-wing politicians will fight for them, not for you. They will exploit your compassion and Christian charity, and your good will.
They have studied you, Mr. and Mrs. America, and know your weaknesses well. They know what to do. Do you?
A recent multi-center U.S. Government clinical trial on 200 “young adults” has been completed, MSNBC reports.
The volunteers who got the shot were very healthy to begin with. One researcher, Kathy Edwards, called them the “crime de la crime.” Okay? So get this. “Yet when I inoculated them with smallpox vaccine, arms swelled, temperatures spiked and panic spread [at Baylor University]. It was the same at clinics in Iowa, Tennessee, and California.”
Stats: After the shot, one-third of the volunteers missed at least a day of work or school. 75 out of 200 experienced high fever. “Several were put on antibiotics because physicians worried that their blisters signaled a bacterial infection.” Wow. And look, smallpox is a virus, and antibiotics don't work against viruses. So, in essence, the researchers were inferring that the vaccine suppressed the immune systems of the volunteers — thus allowing bacterial infections to bloom suddenly -or the vaccine was contaminated with bacteria to begin with.
Researcher Edwards, who headed up the study, said, “I can read all day about it [the adverse effects of the vaccine], but seeing
“When the Cambrian measures were forming, they promised perpetual peace.
They swore, if we gave them our weapons, that the wars of the tribes would cease.
But when we disarmed they sold us and delivered us bound to our foe.
And the gods of the Copybook Headings said: ‘Stick to the Devil you know.’”
- Rudyard Kipling
it is quite impressive. The reactions we saw were really quite remarkable.”
When a researcher makes a comment like this, you know some very bad things are happening. And this was a population of extremely healthy volunteers. Young adults who should be at the very peak of life, with immune defenses fully intact Of course, this story didn't get much play in the press. But the handwriting is on the wall. Anyone can see what’ll happen if they start shooting up people by the millions with the vaccine. For example, people who don’t qualify as severely immune suppressed by any obvious assessment, but still do, in fact, have reduced immune capacity — and that is a whole lot of people — will be at great risk from the vaccine.
This government study is key. Because, later on, they will try to cover up the devastating effects of the vaccine. They will lie, distort, omit. But, right now, there it is. Out in the open. The results, for all to see. And here’s why. The CDC wanted to release the results of this study. They prefer to be on record now, before the stuff really hits the fan. They’re very frightened of being nailed for killing people with this vaccine.
First returns on smallpox vaccine
www.stratiawire.com
Mad enough yet? Or are you still not willing to admit we’ve been had?
Now listen here! If you Christian patriots don't quit telling the truth about us poor, kind, humane, loving, persecuted, harmless, helpless, defenseless Jews, we'll use our thousands of newspapers, our magazines, our news services, our big TV networks and our movies and cartoons to tell everyone how you are persecuting us poor, kind, humane, loving, persecuted, harmless, helpless, defenseless people!
“The Jew alone regards his race as superior to humanity, and looks forward not to its ultimate union with other races, but to its triumph over them all and to its final ascendancy under the leadership of a tribal Messiah.”
- Gold win Smith, Professor of Modern History, Oxford University October 1881 By Simon Sheppard
Control of the Media. Use of Women
Jews employ the same strategy as Monomorium santchii by their control of the media. For the facts about the enormous Jewish influence in television, films, newspaper publishing, etc., in America see the National Vanguard publication. Who Rules America?, in Britain the BNP publication, The Mind-Benders.
Using this control, they define fashions and promote mores which derogate those who seek to preserve Occidental culture. The policy, specifically, is to stigmatize potential or actual leaders (of thought or action) and manipulate others to attack them.
As one example of that influence the present writer has, merely for expressing opinions, been beaten up, prosecuted under the Public Order Act, endured numerous other forms of harassment, been banned from every public library in his home town of Hull and also banned from:
■	Hull University;
■	Hull College;
■	University of Lincolnshire and Humberside Library;
■	All branches of “IT in the Community” (including a church);
■	Brown's Bookshop;
■	York University Library;
■	RIOD Library, Amsterdam.
Although publishers in the Hull area can
be counted on one hand, in the two years the Heretical Press has been in existence there has been no review of any HP publication in any local newspaper. The Heretical Press has been excluded from a list of Hull websites maintained by the local telephone company. Thus the vast
majority of people simply do not know that the Heretical Press exists, just as they do not know that another side exists to the Holocaust story. If any pages on our website tend to forthrightness, it is a completely natural reaction to the dishonest and underhand methods which are being used to suppress the truth.
It hardly needs stating that most people, when faced with such determined opposition, would choose to “bend with the wind” for an easy life. This is perhaps why leaders are such a threat. Other nationalists, revisionists, etc., have had similar experiences:
■	Robert Faurisson and John Tyndall are two of many who have suffered serious physical assaults merely for expounding nationalist or revisionist views;
■	In July 1998 David Irving was banned from Auschwitz because he was about to provide a commentary for a BBC television crew on the buildings built there immediately after the war,
■ Udo Walendy and others have been imprisoned for refusing to compromise their beliefs.
Thousands of men are imprisoned unjustly because their instinct to rebel is valid but they are denied the information they need to direct their rebellion constructively. Consistently 97% of the prison population is male.
Note that Jews promote feminism via the media, particularly by the use of artificial media role models (AMRMs). Empowering females to further act against males by giving them dishonest stereotypes to emulate is another form of malign encouragement. Like supports like; females conspire (act together); “the gene is selfish.” Because of their emotional and impressionable natures women are a complete pushover for Jews to manipulate, so it is in the Jewish interest to deliver as much power to them as possible. Jews support women and women support Jews; but while females’ optimal policy is
disguised defection, the most advantageous policy for Jews is disguised invasion.
Due to the Jewish promotion of women we have the situation (in Britain, at least) in which women incapable of repairing a bicycle puncture are driving around in Range Rovers chatting on mobile telephones while millions of their menfolk are unemployed. Big Sister's policy is to derogate, assault, stigmatize, reduce to poverty, drive to suicide, deprive of medical treatment, refuse compensation for criminal attacks, silence and, if possible, imprison any Occidental male who threatens to expose their cosy parasitic scams.
Parasites don’t like being exposed “I declare that the ‘Holocaust’ cult is a vulgar form of the Jewish religion itself and that by means of the U.S. Holocaust Museum, Judaism - contrary to the U.S. Constitution - is emerging as our de facto state religion.'*
- Michael A. Hoffman 11, August 1998
January 2003 The First Freedom 11

Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief w and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
CHRISTMAS AT THE CAPITOL I really think the tree looked good this year. I sure hate that my unjust arrest had to happen last year for attention to be placed on our beautiful Alabama State Flag! It’s a strong indication our nation and her leaders have gone beyond thoughts of states, state flags and individual freedoms! A very sad time for our country, if we are to forget about the Ten Commandments and let our state flags be overlooked. Deo Vindice! P.S: My case is still set for late this year, as I understand it! J. WYATT WILLIS
Prattville
Others before you have also been charged with this “crime” of preferring our own to the Empire. We*U be there.
HOT NEWS It has been very cold here. Sure wish I was in the South. Stay Southern. It’s time to help you out a little bit and renew the best paper I get. I look forward to the paper every month. Keep up the good work.
BETTY J. DELL Beloit, W1
Please send a quantity of this December issue of The First Freedom. It’s highly distributable!	NELSON WALLER
Anderson, SC
We passed out thousands of them on Dec. 16th at that Ten Commandments rally in Montgomery, along with Ode to Judge Roy S. Moore leaflets (see page 5).
Here’s my subscription renewal, $20 for 16 months of The First Freedom. I really enjoy your paper and will try to do more in the future.	LARRY PATTESON
Chickasaw
LETTER TO COKE:
Dear heritage-hating terrorist corporation.
Your support for the politicians who voted to change Georgia’s flag honoring our Confederate soldiers is inexcusable. Know that 1 and my family have always been loyal consumers of your main product, Coca-Cola. But, know now that my family and I will be joining a boycott of your products until future notice. Furthermore, actions against your taliban, KGB-minded corporation may escalate as thousands of leaflets may be distributed at sporting events, etc. pointing out your behind-the-scenes activities with corrupt politicians. A unified statewide protest outside your many ^distribution offices is also a high probability. This mail is in hopes your course can be corrected before iking* get out of hand. Southemly yours,
JAMES SEARS Way cross, GA
Atlanta's Coke didn't respond. We did.
If somebody sent me such a letter, 1 would write him off as an unbalanced nut incapable of garnering the support of anyone. There arc better ways to accomplish the goal than this. One attracts far more flies with honey than with vinegar. Consider your letter in this light: You are writing the letter to a young lady who has spumed your affections. You want her to look at you in a favorable light. You want her to take you seriously. You want her to listen to what you have to say. Now, bow would you write the letter? By insulting her and convincing her that you are potentially dangerous?	KEITH	WILK	F.RSON
Tulsa, OK
His earlier attempts at wooing Coke back having failed. Dr. Swann actually just wanted the rest of us to avoid her.
Dear Southrons all. Please be advised of at least one copperhead (with more to come) joining the boycott of Coca Cola. God save the South. God have mercy on America. From the Live Free or die state, I am,	JAMES	MADDEN
Derry, NH
“Many of you have pointed out I’m just spinning my wheels...” Response; “It is better to attempt to do something great and fail, than attempt nothing and succeed.”
In other words, If we do nothing that’s what we get. They will continue to dump on us. Try, and we shall succeed. Boycott all Coke products. (PS: Time to have a Coke memorabilia burning. Get an open burning permit fust). JACK COWART stonelion@mindspring.com
Love it!!!I What can I do to help?
DENNIS MEEKS Belton, SC
Write The Coca-Cola Company, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, GA 30301. Tell them why their drink leaves a bad taste in your mouth and is no longer the real thing. Let these corporate giants know they’ve grown too big for their britches.
Who says we can’t make a difference! They ain’t seen nothin’ yet! Down with Coke. I prefer Dr. Pepper in any case. Please continue the fight, and you are making a difference! Your comments will go to all on my lists. Thanks!
ALLEN “ALABAMA AL” DRIGGERS
Guntersville
OY!
December’s issue of The First Freedom has a language glitch on page 2. The phrase O veh should be, I believe, oy veh! At least that’s the way I’ve always heard it.
TYRONE CROWLEY Prattville
No apt Yiddish riposte, ya got me. Oy!
THOMPSON’S COMMANDMENT The League of the South has begun a letter writing campaign I to as many newspapers as possible in support of Judge Moore. Our main point in most roy moore of the letters is that federal judges do not have the right, under the original constitution, to interfere in any state’s private, personal, or public business, and those that claim the 14th Amendment as their authority to do so, need to remember that it was never legally ratified by the required number of states as set forth in the constitution. It was simply enacted against the wishes of the majority of Americans, both north and south, by a tyrannical Yankee congress set on further destruction and domination of the southern states. Not only were there not enough northern states to enact it, but the South wasn’t even allowed to vote on it. At least the legitimate, elected representatives were not allowed to vote; only the puppet governments that were being bribed. I have sent letters to Birmingham, Montgomery, Mobile, and Selma so far, and I’m not through. Keep it going. I’m beginning to see a small swing in our favor. I think the public is a little tired of socialist type government
GARY W. HE A RON Jones
“Traitors, treason and the 14th Amendment lie” was our lead-off story In the November 2002 issue.
Reckon what it’d take to get Thompson impeached? I’m a second generation newspaper man. I’ve known a lot of editors and reporters, and 1 believe they were all honest and sincerely tried to be fhir. That is not to say they are perfect, or that they are able to write all of the stories that needed to be written, or that they are without opinions of how they thought things ought to be. But to say they are dishonest is unfair and inaccurate. I would encourage you to stay active doing the things your are doing to call attention to these issues. But I hope you are a bit more tactful when dealing with other members of the media. And I’d still like to see Myron Thompson impeached. Kindest regards,
JIM SMOTHERS jsmothers@dailyhome.com
Without Affirmative Friction, Jim boy Carter could not have put FedJudge Thompson there in the first place. “Encouraging” pundits to stop seeing White Southerners as the only fair
game, all others being off limits, is what The First Freedom is about. Turning that cannon the other way around helps them overcome their prejudice and learn to take what’s routinely dished out.
Somehow I lost the mailing address for sending contributions to Judge Moore’s legal defense fund. (And I haven’t gotten it yet by calling Kennedy’s number. They wanted credit card info, and I’m not about to do that.)	TOM	STRIDER
Bonita Springs, FL
Roy S. Moore to appealing the liberal judge’s ruling, and has indicated that the monument will not be moved. The Judge Moore Defense Fund location to www.tencommandmentsdefense.org
The First Freedom closed it’s the final word column with, “Judge Moore, on which ticket will you be running for President?” Naturally one would think, should Moore choose to run, that since he was elected Chief Justice as a Republican, this is the ticket on which he should run. Wrong! While Moore would no doubt be a favorite among many Republican delegates from the CSA states, let’s not forget that the eastern establishment controls who is the nominee for that party. How else explain “compassionate conservative” centralist Bush as their nominee instead of a true conservative like Pat Buchanan, Bob Smith or Ron Paul? One look at the Green, Democrat, Natural Law, Libertarian and Reform platforms tells you Moore couldn’t possibly run on any of these FEC recognized tickets because of their views (or non-views) on key social issues. This leaves only the truly conservative Constitution Party (www.constitubonparty.com), which was founded as the U.S. Taxpayers Party by Moore’s friend. Conservative Caucus chairman Howard Phillips. Third parties nationally don’t win? Tell that to the Republicans who constantly bring up their third party win of Lincoln. In recent history there have been no wins because no third party has had a fit candidate. Buchanan messed up by getting involved with the splintered Reform Party. Bob Smith chickened out at the last minute for the CP nomination in 2000. Judge Moore running under the CP ticket would not have to win with a majority vote, even as Bill Clinton proved in ’92, that all it took was 43% of the vote. It’s not on which ticket Judge Moore should run - that’s fairly obvious - but the question is: are you, the people, prepared to work extremely hard to get him elected?
DON CRUM Alabama Constitution Party
Don and Mary Ann Crum have instructed me to request an email subscription to The First Freedom. Thanks,
DANIEL NEW ddnew@danielnew.com
An abbreviated TFF version to online at www.gulfreLcora/homefree. For the monthly tabloid edition by mail, send $15 for the next 12 issues to TFF, PO Box 385, Silverhill, AL 36576. Is your son the specialist who refused to wear “n.n.” insignia? If so, I wonld welcome any updates.
Yes. I’ll add you to the update list on www.MikeNew.com/, which you might like to look over for yourself. Also, see www.UNWatch.com/ for a great research site on the UN. And then there’s our www.UN-freeZone.org/ for some resistance that gives a lot of bang for the buck.
I have to obtain the 28 U.S.C. §372 C( 1) complaint form (anybody can get one from the Clerk's Office), and view “Almanac of the Federal Judiciary” on Judge Myron Thompson to obtain some insight on his rulings and what lawyers think about him. There is a wealth of information on the judge in Yahoo Search. Then I can write an attachment to the complaint form on his judicial incompetence. To make it simple for people to file complaints I will do mine
and others can write their own. I am using www.Rommellaw@aol.com for the “how to’and on www.mikebrownsoIutions.com, go to “Index of Legal Issues.” Scroll to the bottom of that page, blue box, “Judicial Tyrants.” Double-click any federal judge’s name, and the methodology for suing that judge, or any other judge, will appear. You may want to take a look at these web sites as well for ideas on suing Judge Thompson. Maybe two or three heads working on this will get the necessary attachments.
HAROLD SORENSEN Rutledge
Thank you for standing for our fights. At the 12-21-02 rally the police said we could not preach without a permit. We did, on the steps of the capitol!
JERRY LAYNE Whitwell,TN
ALABAMA MORATORIUM Let us know when and where we can buy our tax free shirts and books. Thanks.
JERRY O’DONNELL St. Elmo*
Wish I were in Alabama for that day. How to participate up here in Wisconsin? I can’t even buy a pack of cigarettes without paying tax. Everything is taxed without my consent Well, I hope I don’t get in trouble for this but, when the Englais tried to tax their tea and booze, the good American people of the colonies smuggled from other places. If I got involved with smuggling today for those very same reasons, I think that would be honorable and righteous. What can I do to help?
JIMMY D. JACOBSON Milwaukee, W1 If our one-day tax free zone attracts any tobacco vendors. I’ll put them In touch with you. Meanwhile, keep passing out The First Freedom.
THE FIRST COMMANDMENT Forget the pitchforks, baseball bats etc. it is time to bring on the 30.06’s. Only when the government fears the people can real democracy exist. There are more of us than them. Keep fighting, perhaps some of the sleeping “Joe six pack” and the “soccer moms” may awaken. It is a long shot My friends and I agree not to have Coca Cola in our homes. Keep up the good work. We will eventually win.
TONY BELARDO West Trenton, NJ
TO DIXIE OUTFITTERS It takes nerve to boot Dixie Outfitters from Bell-Air Mall and I trust you can take the heat Southern symbols are powerful and tend to bite those that abuse them. In South Carolina, we booted two governors from office in succession for tampering with our Confederate Battle Flag. If you haven’t heard, the governors of Georgia and Alabama were defeated for similar reasons. Businesses are not safe either. We ran a Columbia, SC John Deere plant out that had fired one employee for having a l"x 1" Battle flag on the inside lid of his personal tool box and another for whistling Dixie. After about a year of picketing with flags, signs and our Confederate South Carolina flag the plant was closed. For a Free South Carolina, JAMES LAYDEN
Bamberg, SC
LOTT DIFFERENT The First Freedom, Lloyd Caperton and the League of the South in Alabama are doing a great job. God Bless You! Has anyone noticed that the minor infractions of Trent Lott have not been compared to the major segregationist statements of Abe Lincoln and his views against Blacks? Lincoln’s “Solution to the Black problem” was to ship them all out of the country. The Yankees built a monument to him; should not they build a monument to Trent Lott?
DON JONES Darlington, SC Just try getting that very logical point printed anywhere except here.
12 The First Freedom January 2003
White and proud
By John Foley
There is a lot of talk these days about Black pride, Jewish pride, Hispanic pride, even Gay pride. In fact, there is only one major segment of the population which is not encouraged to take pride in its heritage and in the achievements of its ancestors. That group is the White race! The lack of White pride is truly a sad and strange thing, because no group has more to be rightfully proud of than the White people of the world. The glories and greatness that the men and women of our race have won over the centuries should serve as a source of eternal pride and inspiration to White people everywhere.
Since the dawn of history, we have been a mighty race of builders, explorers, artists, warriors, inventors, philosophers, and cultivators. We have sailed the seas, tamed the vast wilderness, scaled towering mountains, and journeyed to the depths of the ocean and into the cold void of outer space. We have built great civilizations, cheated breathtaking works of beauty and made deserts bloom. The technological achievements of our people, from the megalithic calendar of the Stonehenge to
Terminal Phase
If computer hypertext markup language seems hard, consider this: whereas you've mastered a 26-letter alphabet as a child, it includes but two characters. As every coin has its flip side, here 1 and 0 translate into yes and no, heads and tails thus explaining all we are presently given to understand. Electronic assignment of one or the other reduces the unknown, jumps instantly to each next objective, the computer scanning tangent blocks of data recorded as negative (empty) or positive (containing matter) space along microscopic tracts, answering whatever practical problems we devise. A traffic light programed with “stop equals zero, digit one says go" may oversimplify, but employs the whole alphabet. Actually, millions of similar combines are required to show the right-of-way at an intersection on our Gulf Shores Parkway. No problem; it’s instantaneous.
Okay, let's take this one comer and give the main artery a continuous green signal except when Riviera Shopping Center's median crossover traffic warrants a red light pause. We embed magnetic sensors in the asphalt, telling our computer if cars are waiting to enter or depart the place. It's a routine formula, nothing but pure logic. Well, and a bit of politics; the developers perhaps having built their shopping center there for the tax breaks and other lures.
So adjustments ensue according to that political consensus. This retail complex at first enjoys top priority. Anytime a vehicle stops in one of its entry or exit lanes, the yellow caution light switches on followed by red facing the parkway traffic, green for the shopping center. We might have our computer delay five seconds after all sidespur shoppers are clear of the detectors before returning first to amber, then back to freeway “go” signals.
The routine now complete, main artery traffic gets uninterrupted passage until the next shopping center vehicle arrives. If a few drivers traveling daily to work in Gulf Shores become annoyed with such delays, each morning halting and waiting for green to return after Riviera's traffic has cleared the ramps, they might voice a complaint that, during rush hours, a lone sidespur car is instantly bringing dozens of vehicles to a stop-and-start, thus unnecessarily creating air pollution and greater cumulative time loss than justified by accommodating this single shopper.
Their protest brings us back, not to the old drawing board of our erstwhile saying, but to the keyboard which has replaced it overnight. We type in a modification so that the computer formula now contains a wait condition: either a lone vehicle on the sidespur will be detained fifteen seconds, or, if two or more autos in that position ten
— Recovering what’s ours —
the moon walk of the Apollo astronauts are unequaled. We have devised sublime philosophies, created the noblest works of art and music, conquered deadly diseases, and preformed soul stirring acts of heroism and self sacrifice.
We are the race of Shakespeare, Leonardo, Beethoven, and Homer. We are the sons and daughters of Leif Ericsson, Columbus. Magellan, Amundsen, and Lindbergh. We are the folk of Alexander, Caesar, Arminius, Roland, Frederick, Napoleon, Washington, and Lee. We arc the heirs of Sophocles, Heraclitus, and Plato; of Rembrandt, Rubens and Duerer; of Vivaladi, Bach,
Mozart and Wagner, we arc the descendants of Pythagoras, Galileo,
Copernicus, Newton, and Nietzsche.
Just to list the great accomplishments of our race would require the work of a lifetime.
No one has more to be proud of than we do!
In order for an
individual to be psychologically healthy he or she must have a clear-cut sense of identity and self worth. For our race as a whole to be strong and healthy, White people everywhere must develop a sense of racial identity and racial worth. There is no better way to attain this very necessary level of racial awareness than in having pride in your people and its accomplishments.
So take pride in your race, pride in what we have achieved in the days gone by and pride in what we shall yet accomplish as we venture into the days to comeI
New generation discovers Stone Mountain
Sent to me back in 1996 by a tmt patriot, I just wanted to share this. Though things have changed so much, it gives me just a little hope. - Monika Junghans-Jones “For many years I watched with consternation as flags were hauled down and political correctness seemed unstoppable. Then in 19961 took my family on vacation to South Carolina, Georgia and Tennessee. We stopped at Stone Mountain, Georgia to see the Confederate Memorial there. We stayed for the light show that night. There were probably 2 to 3 thousand teenagers and young adults with small children there. When they outlined the figures on the mountain with laser lights and flashed the Confederate Flag in laser light on the side of the mountain the crowd went wild. I was truly amazed that these young people who had been through a politically correct education system could still be roused by the flag. It was then that I realized that there was still hope. Those of us that cherish freedom must become more organized and more willing to fight back.”
In search of truth.html
By Olaf Childress
seconds, before being accommodated as earlier. Let's also reduce the pause after clearing those imbedded sensors, returning the right-of-way to parkway traffic in four rather than five seconds.
Supposing such adjustments made, and now the shopping center brings forward its own complaint; we hear from the manager, who finds no fault with our rush-hour plan but believes his customers are needlessly delayed when there's not that much traffic on the parkway. And he’s right: additional work is in order. Let us attach to the macro formula further if/then/or conditions, by deploying such technology as momentarily available. Perhaps radar mounted on the signal lights might relay to our computer the density of oncoming parkway traffic, a new subroutine ordering that if oncoming number within one-half mile equals zero, then accommodate sideramp autos soon as detected; or, i/less than five vehicles are approaching within that range and one car is waiting, then begin switch after a ten-second delay, or if more than one are on the ramps, then pause but six seconds.
Such arguments are sufficient nowadays to convince us the information age is here. If a computer can return ten subconditions theoretically divided evenly between the affirmative and negative by arranging only five supposed particles of matter within a space immeasurably small at present, the range of possibilities for constructing any equation grows enormous. A tiny silicon chip processing these tads of information could as easily store millions more. One might program that traffic light’s response to a flying saucer landing in the middle of Gulf Shores Parkway!
And so difficult questions, reduced by sequential steps each yielding a simple yes or no, will eventually deliver the superior explanation. While it has been maintained that complex individuals never give direct answers, ancient philosophy demonstrated how any intellectual position is examined along a chain of queries all wanting yes/no answers, rendering the best understanding within reach upon its conclusion. Asked: what is justice, is the just life happier than the unjust? Socrates turned those questions upon his petitioners to reexamine, himself, and perchance enlarge the knowledge he might impart to his interrogators; so that, only after long and tandem considerations of a well-ordered society, of educating its ruling class, of such regime compared to a self-ruled individual, simple philosophy as a state constitution, the idea of the good, inferior governments and individuals, the figure of mankind in the dark cave, and the tyrant compared to a self-controlled man; could he, finally, aver the greater rewards of justice! The entirety of Plato's Republic
traces this whole series of yes/no queries to his mentor's definitive resolution.
What has such methodology got to do with redeeming the Alabama Constitution? Not much. For, while the Athenians had risen higher than all others, Socrates paid little respect to their democracy. Indeed, within his lifetime that nation's vigor was already dissipating.
But, in the nineties, it became possible for the least of us to employ Socratic search engines electronically and get directly to the heart of difficult questions whether or not pursuing such courses as dictated by that wisdom: the biggest .yes or no of all, turned upon us by our own proud technology. What shall it be, folks; vitality or dissipation?
Obviously, computer logic only speeds up the philosophic reasoning processes. Let’s accept its challenge, then, and vow to stay in charge of these terminals as the one admissible of two clear choices posed this day by the higher mind and mainframe of our ordered universe. When leapfrogging on such speed and accuracy, looking back into the annals of a fragile human cognition that has proven incapable throughout all history of unforced discipline and justice, are we approaching maturity at last?
But how can that super-efficiency ever explain our desperado mentality, the need to get rich, rule, overbear? Consider this. Computer language, harsh and abrupt, has abbreviated today’s thought, and may turn into dangerously automatic control at the despot’s gesture. In your interest and mine, citizen, it is absolutely essential for all of us to realize the processor itself comes as a coin showing two faces. Its cold decisions, within-a-wink calculating verdicts - never caring who remains in charge - weighs no other will than what asserts itself. Thus it is resolved: great triremes and technology are not proofs of self-government.
Either the many will contend forward dramatically - this new tool their subject, God alone as lord - or be enslaved by the few who occupy that vacuum. Let us affirm ourselves ripe for the occasion. Looking at how normal thought processes have been digested into the mechanical computer (its more complicated obverse being our own internalized vows), principles alone can advance any valid movement from one considered position to the next
For example: It’s Friday evening. Ann is invited to join a few co-workers at the local club for a drink. She says yes. Arriving at table, will they see the menu? //'someone knowledgeable affirms the current chef's cooking skills, then okay; or if there’s doubt, all will migrate to Hazel's Seafood. Would Ann have a salad? Yes. Soup? No. Afterwards, Harry asks her to accompany
him on a drive down the bay. Does she know this gentleman well? No. Accept the invitation? No. Leave open the possibility for a future date? Yes.
Such ad hoc immediate replies can be either the building blocks of civilization or the undermining of its walls. Socializing in a well-ordered fellowship requires arts no machine can duplicate; for principles must guide, and in turn be reinforced by, myriad decisions.
But only such norms as easily translated into processor macroinstructions might prove useful to the agent proxy suggesting your personal routines; that is, a yes/no list of prerequisites by which political election candidates get measured - entertainment tastes, study interests, business goals and the like determined - so as to leave you, his customer, more latitude when engaging the stream of personal growth challenges met by each of us daily. And let’s not blame our shortcomings on the ruler of all nature. No matter the time and circumstances into which created, none but ourselves answer for what we are.
Insofar as practical, today one delegates the “done deals” - budgets, bookkeeping chores, inventory reorders, family records, monthly payments and the like-by way of specialists having access to subspecialists; e.g., those studying law libraries for prior rulings. Assigning these trifling repetitions to freely-contracted, reputable custodians makes sense. But we do not hand over the constitution or the Ten Commandments for revision by tenured bureaucrats.
Our dictates, citizen, yours and mine rather than the whims of media morons in thrall to One World government, must hail into existence the technology for failsafe programs. Let us admit online democracy under the caveat that no bridges be burned, and move forward with its deployment at least until circumstances prove the concept wrong. Exploring the widening horizon a vastly more interesting landscape awaits us, since complex information processing indicates branching in many directions.
But let's also keep reminding ourselves - along with those who might think we're here talking about empire-building - that the Southern Independence movement is more than just an option, it's also a fact
Socrates preached deductive reasoning, eliminating upon close scrutiny all false ideas in order to declare what remained true - and arrived at the wrong conclusion that communism works. Ann's inductive thought declined Harry's advances simply because she didn't know the man well. He wasn't a villain by that, but an unfamiliar element It's not wise to imagine one has command of all the questions, let alone the answers.