SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNINO: Fint-iime reader! of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube,
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms."
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe’s ware.
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 4 Number 3
http://www.gulftel.com/homcfTee/
March 2002
Tight race between Riley and Windom, say wishful thinking media
Amend — don't end - our constitution
A constitutional convention would be a disaster; the gaming industry and other special interests would choose delegates to rewrite our constitution in their favor. We should use the means already available to us - constitutional amendment - to create local control, provided that we restrict the ability to raise taxes to popular referendum!.	— Tim	James
Why so many Riley and Windom signs along so many miles of every highway in Alabama? And always an EQUAL number\ in bunches of maybe a dozen for Tweedledee, plus a dozen across the street for Tweedle-Windum? Is it maybe to hypnotize us into thinking only those two are in this Republican state primary race for governor?
We found the following biography for ■ leu well* funded candidate a www.timjamc9forgovernor.com and decided it's time you heard a bit more about him.
■I	'
Timothy E. James, Sr., 39, was bom and raised in Opelika, Lee County, Alabama.
A standout in football. Tim James was recruited by both Auburn University and Bear Bryant at the University of Alabama for his outstanding athletic, leadership and academic skills. Tim decided to attend Auburn University, where he played football in the same backfield as Bo Jackson and Lkmel Hi
It was during this time that Tim met and married his wife of 17 years. Angela - an achievement he describes as “the best
Alabama jobs Our state’s economy needs a boost. While we should continue to reach out to large companies, Alabama’s small businesses are its lifeblood. We must create incentives for small business so that we have “horizontal" growth in every county.
decision of my life."
After graduating from Auburn in 1985 with a degree in finance, Tim embarked on a career in the construction industry.
From 1988 through 1996, Tim bought and operated an asphalt construction business; then built and operated an incineration company that treated environmentally safe industrial waste. He went on to create the Escambia County Environmental Corporation with members of his family, which operates the very successful Timberlands Landfill.
As a young Alabama entrepreneur and small business owner, Tim learned what it means to put your heart into making a com-
Raising expectations for our schools The number one issue facing our state is education. Some of our schools are performing well. Many others are not. Those underperforming schools are robbing our children of their future and something must be done to restore accountability to our education system.
Family values We must once again place the family at the center of our state’s agenda. Nothing affects more problems in our state than the erosion of the family structure and the debasing of the value of human life.
pany successful. He learned how important it is to have a vision, to set goals, to insist on excellence and to continually look for innovative ways to succeed.
He also learned what it means to hire Alabamians, to reward hard work, and how important leadership, responsibility and integrity are when another person is relying on you to put food on their table and clothes on their children.
In 1996, Tim sold his construction and environmental companies and formed the Baldwin County Bridge Company, LLC, where he became managing partner The primary project of this company is the S36 million Foley Beach Express - a true Alabama success story.
TIM JAMES
FOR
GOVERNOR
The Foley Beach Express includes a toll bridge that Tim and his partners built which enables Alabama drivers to safely reach Alabama beaches much quicker than in the past. The bridge project has been a model for success. It not only provides an invaluable service, it has provided Alabamians with jobs, it has already improved the economy of an entire region of the state, and the entire project was completed at no cost to the taxpayer.
In July, 2001 Tim James became a candidate for Governor of Alabama in the 2002 Republican primary election.
Tim currently resides in Greenville, Alabama with Angela and their three children; Fleming 16, Tim Jr. 13, and Sarah 8.
Alabama's great outdoors Our state is blessed with natural beauty, as it uniquely combines the Gulf of Mexico with coastal plain and moun-| tains. We should create a public-private i partnership to open up more private I land, so that every Alabamian can hunt or fish within one hour of where they live.
f CHANGE THE
' GOVERNOR
CONSTITUTION
SIGNS AVAILABLE AT KEEPOURIUGHTS ORG
----------1
Honesty and integrity
Politicians passing laws to force themselves to behave ethically is a sad | irony. No matter how many ethics laws I are passed, integrity in government comes down to electing honest people that you can trust.
What’s happening this session at the State House you would not believe
Friends, please read what follows in a single sitting, for time is vital By Olaf Childress
For this takeofTon a down-home version of the New World Order, best sit down. I'm going to introduce first the enemy. He is us, of course. To be specific, we are the ones who elected those chief officers of Goat Hill, Inc., gave them the keys and books. In our blissful ignorance, we stockholders
The First Freedom
PO Box 385. SHverhill, AL 36576 Email: homefrec@gulRcl.cofn Editor Otaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Caperton, lane Doughty, Nick Jongeblocd, Tim Meadows, Elwin Rozyskle, Linda Sewell. Tom Smith. Bob Taylor, Nclion Waller. Ellen Williams, Tony Wilson.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send SI2.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in US. (Bulk rases at bottom of page 8.)
Self-government begun at home Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted placet, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or pan provided full credit with address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show addmi and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
could use some sound advice now from a few friends. But cheer up, this story is also about such stalwarts. Before we get to them, let’s look closely at the mess we're in.
One year ago The First Freedom asked legislative committees to kill the following venal bills sponsored by Tallassee Rep. Jack Venable and his coconspirators.
HE 3-NO. Sets stage for constitutional convention not to take out obsolete parts, but to make the Alabama Constitution comply with New World Order dictates.
HB 9 and others empowering regional government's unelected rule makers - NO.
HB 45 — NO. A kneejerk response to our election of Judge Roy Moore. This one would bring us gerrymandered Supreme Court justices by district, who in turn then name the Alabama chief justice.
HB 63 - NO. Abolishes Article One of our constitution, or the Alabama Bill of Rights: due process, equal protection, etc.
HB 64 - NO. Another bill to amend the constitution by Rep. Venable. It would change state and county boundaries, and pul location and removal of courthouse sites under regional government.
HB 73 - NO. Requires county commissions to adopt certain zoning ordinances and building codes whether they want to or not.
HB 75 - NO. Tightening the noose: new fees for additional new ADEM permits.
HB 80 - NO. Empowers police to arrest without a warrant just because they believe
a person may be driving without proper license or insurance.
All the above hills flunked in the final, mad infighting for pork and not because of our influence. As the session came to an end, we warned that they would be back.
The venable forces came better prepared this time: same pernicious bills, new titles. Committee meetings, unannounced until the last minute, were then rescheduled when it was learned that a few concerned citizens might be arriving. Republican committee members opposing such Democrat venality claim they weren't even informed.
Let's consider one part of this session's HB 45, which would rewrite our state's Declaration of Rights; i.e.. Article I of the Constitution of Alabama of 1901: “The proposed revision would delete various current provisions considered unnecessary for inclusion in the article including provisions providing that the people are the source of power; accusation, arrest and detention, and punishment limited to laws established prior to the offense; prosecution for libel or for publication of certain papers; bills of attainder of treason by the Legislature; navigable waters; quartering soldiers in houses; titles of nobility and restriction of appointments to office; immigration; residence not forfeited by temporary absence from state; prohibition of slavery; protection of suffrage; property rights
of aliens; objective of government; and the construction of the Declaration of Rights" (emphasis added). Thanks to Joyce Perrin, editor of Citizens Alert (vintagc@blountsville.net), for rallying enough civilian troops to Montgomery and fighting this mess. Holding the line at least temporarily, while the rest of us wake up, she is one of those stalwarts remembering Alabama's motto. Jura nostra defendere audemus - “We dare defend our rights!"
The following information came to us on Feb. 19 from Senator Bill Armistead, who is a candidate for Lt. Governor, via reporter Terri Fulton (sec her article on page 2):
“HB 45 was passed out of committee today without any notice that it was coming up. Sen. Enfinger tried to pass it with a voice vote and Sen. Armistead objected. Outnumbered as usual and the amendment passed. Armistead says they will still try to kill it on the floor of the senate if it comes up. Sen. Jim Preuitt and members of the Rules Committee are now the ones who determine if it comes up for a vote on the floor. Mr. Armistead is on the Rules Committee and will be opposing it. Preuitt will determine if it is brought up."
On the next pages, learn who is out to destroy our state constitution, and then join those concerned citizens who regularly drive to Montgomery as vigilantes of our rights. Pick up the phone; tell your delegates to step off that losers' carousel.
r
2 The First Freedom March 2002
Scars fell on Alabama
Legislative Report Card
Let's look at the controversial aims of those bills, how senators showing up voted them, and the excuses of some who skipped.
By Terri Fulton
tflilton@oomponet.net
The Alabama Senate Constitutional Committee met Feb. 13,2002 to consider this legislative session's salvo of“Venable bills'* already passed by the House; among which, HB 45 would repeal Article I of the state constitution, removing many of our citizen rights.
HB 46 and HB 47would repeal Article II, doing away with our state borders by statute and unamenable via citizen vote.
HB 48 would repeal Article XII, the legal taking of private property, with a new definition of “entity.”
HB 49 would rewrite Article XIII, deregulating banking and removing most of its safeguards.
HB 50 would rewrite Article XV, to prevent people from forming “citizens defense groups'* except the National Guard.
HB 51 would rewrite Article VII, allowing judges to be impeached under new terms by appointed boards and commissions.
We don't even need to bother reviewing how they voted by separate bills; all except one member on that panel favored the whole, constitution-bashing package. Of several Republicans on the committee, none attended Here's the roll call:
Sen. Enfinger, Chairman (D) District 7: Madison (Huntsville) - YES Sen. Holley (D) District 31: Coffee, Covington, Houston - YES
Sen. Zeb Little (D) District 4: Madison (Huntsville), Cullman, Morgan - YES Sen. Butler (D) District 2: Madison and Limestone - YES
u . ftr P™*"1	/&****&	IM
Elmore, Talladega — YES Sen. Denton (D) District I: Colbert, Lauderdale-NO Sen. Dial (D) District 13: Chambers, Clay, Cleburne, DeKalb, Cherokee, Randolph, Lee - ABSENT Sen. Smitherman (D) District 18: Jefferson - ABSENT
Sen. Figures (D) District 33: Mobile -ABSENT
Sen. Poole (D) District 21: Tuscaloosa, Pickens, Hale-ABSENT
Sen. Roberts (D) District 3: Lawrence, Winston, Morgan — ABSENT Sen. Callahan (R) District 35: South Mobile County - ABSENT Sen. Armistead, Vice Chairman (R) District 15: Shelby, Chilton, Bibb -ABSENT Sen. French (R) District 15: Jefferson -ABSENT
Sen. Waggoner (R) District 15: Shelby, Jefferson - ABSENT
Does this look like a fair committee, 11 Democrats and 4 Republicans? But these Republicans coaid have discussed all that chicanery until doomsday and indefinitely postponed those bills!
Senator Enfinger brought the meeting to order saying they would come back to HB 45 (citizens rights) and start off with HB 46 — HB 51. Asked for any discussion (among themselves) on each bill, there was none except an amendment offered by Sen. Preuitt on HB 49, the banking bill.
A lady in attendance from the Banking Department testified that there was a time in history when the legislature could and did own a bank, and it failed; this section needed to remain, for history’s sake. She asked that this amendment regarding banks be examined, saying that Sen. Venable, its sponsor, agreed with the substitute - which passed. HB 45 (citizen rights) then got carried over-until when, was unanswered.
Thus we concerned citizens, there to express our outrage at such a blatant assault on the Alabama Constitution, had been railroaded. Afterwards, one member
of this Judeo Christian group approached Senators George Callahan and Bill Armistead seeking an explanation for their absence from the meeting. I don’t recall Sen. Callahan’s response, but Sen. Armistead claimed they had been informed there would be “no quorum, so the meeting was canceled.**
Wait a minute! If somebody did tell them there wasn’t to be a quorum, they should've gone anyway. They know better! With the seriousness and controversy surrounding those bills, they should have seen it coming!
This happens all the lime.
Sen. Armistead is sorry that I, and others who have emailed and telephoned our complaints, do not believe him. But we are sick and tired of them doing what they think to best for us, or what they damned well please. It’s time they started listening to those paying their considerable salaries!
Several of us believe the Republicans on that committee didn’t show up because they didn’t want to be on record against a rewrite of our constitution. A very reliable source says a majority of the Republicans do not want that rewrite; but, you see, they don’t know which way the wind is blowing and, instead of doing what needs to be done, they’re more interested in protecting a few votes. They don’t yet understand the tide has turned. Which is why we’ve got to hold the coffee under their noses.
I personally know that, weeks before this panel met, all of those committee members had received many calls, the Alabama Coalition having warned them repeatedly about Rep. Venable’s upcoming legislative package. This was confirmed by a number of Alabama Senate secretaries with whom I spoke in opposing those bills.
Strange things are happening. It needs to be known that there was already somewhat of a public hearing on these bills Feb. 5, 20Q2m at which time San. Callahan had them carried over until Feb. 13. Several well-informed citizens from the Alliance for Citizen Rights, Judeo Christian Values and another group spoke at that Feb. 5 meeting, apparently to no avail. Nor were we allowed to address this Feb. 13 meeting at ail!
I am so fed up with this as to become rabid! Blistering emails have come and gone, condemning what that committee passed, all agreeing with my sentiments -except for one telling me to stop my tirade against “a good man,” Sen. Armistead. I replied that he and those other Republicans on the Alabama Senate Constitution Committee must be held accountable, and I and my friends would do just that.
I am told Sen. Armistead, who is a good Christian and might make the best Lt. Governor, is also a conservative - but one who never votes with “the right wing” conservatives. Furthermore, that Sen. Armistead felt these bills would never pass the Senate. It’s time the Republicans see to it, and make up for what “somebody " has pulled on us-or they should all gel ready to pay the price.
After that committee meeting. The Alabama Center for Constitutional Law and Government - represented by Sandra Smith, Director of Judeo Christian Values — held a news conference and announced they would file a lawsuit to protect our constitutional rights. They are asking for donations to assist in this lawsuit.
What can you do?
I say to all those who are tired of being rolled over like gnats by bulldozers: Keep this tirade up! Don't let it stop. Hold them accountable - for everything they do and for what they ignore — every legislature! From replies I’ve gotten plus exchanges with Sen. Armistead, it's clear people are waking up and getting involved. Take advantage of this momentum! You must be inconvenienced. Visit them wherever they speak, at the capitol, etc., and tell them like it is (as nicely as possible); or you will face
the same ole same ole.
It’s your constitution, your rights, money, taxes, property, flags, symbols, history and heritage that are being flattened like pancakes! Election time to near; hold the wannabe’s feet to that same fire as the incumbent’s. Let’s get on the offensive, instead of just defending our rights! Here’s your chance to carry forward what’s well under way.
From: Terri Fulton (February 14, 2002) Subject: Alabama State Boundary Removal To:	Senators	Armistead,	Waggoner,
Callahan, Freoch, Roberts, Figures, Butler
Would you remove the boundaries of your property from your home deed and place them in an unsafe place? That is what you moved a step closer toward yesterday by jeopardizing the citizenry's collective boundaries of our state, rendering them no longer protected when HB 46 passed out of committee. Accordingly, we will lose our state sovereignty. Although I knew this, I understand Black’s Law says the same thing. I wonder: do you not have a family to protect, if you don't care to represent your citizenry? Sen. Armistead, you will lose a lot of votes for Lt. Governor (30-plus sitting in that committee room yesterday, and not a one of them believed the story of “no quorum, meeting called off.”
Terri Fulton
From: Sen. Bill Armistead (Feb. 15) Subject: Alabama State Boundary Removal To:	Terri	Fulton
Terri, first of all let me say I regret very much that you do not believe me when I say that we (the Republicans) were told that the meeting had been called off. I was most surprised to find out that the meeting was held after being told there would be no meeting yesterday. I am not accusing anyone of trying to mislead me and the other Republicans as it could have been an honest mistake, but 1 can assure you that we were told there would be no meeting and I believed it. I would have voted against these bills in committee as would all other Republicans. If all Republican Senators had been present and voting against these bills, we would still have been outnumbered. However, I would have much preferred to have been at the committee meeting to speak against them and take my stand against them. I sincerely regret any misunderstanding and can assure you that these bills will have a much more difficult time coming up for a vote and passing in the Senate.	Sincerely,
Sen. Bill Armistead
From: Scott McDonald	(Feb. 15)
To:	Senator	Armistead
I do believe someone lied to you, or at least misled you about that meeting. Please tell us who it was so we will know to not trust them in the future.
We all need to be aware there are individuals involved in this effort to rewrite our state constitution who would lie. In fact, next time they tell us there’s not going to be a meeting when one has been scheduled, we probably ought to check it out anyway just in case.
One issue of extreme concern to me, and I'm sure to you as well: what will happen to Alabama's Religious Freedom Amendment if the rewrite is adopted?
I was denied an occupational business license, and am now unable to pursue my profession or earn a living for my family due to my religious belief against using a social security number for identification. More recently, I was denied renewal of my driver's license for the same reason. I presently have a lawsuit pending against our state on grounds that the social security number demanded as a condition for receiving any type of license in Alabama violates the Religious Freedom Amendment. (Sad to say that our so-called “conservative, Christian” state attorney general. Bill Pryor, is defending Alabama's violation of my religious rights in the case.
This is how 1 know some of the people in Montgomery speak out both sides of the same mouth.
I am providing this information as background for my interest in the future of the Religious Freedom Amendment in Alabama.
Thanks for all you are doing.
Scott McDonald
From:	Senator	Armistead	(Feb. 15)
To:	Scott	McDonald
Scott, thank you for your email and I appreciate your apparent confidence in me relative to what happened in the committee meeting last week. I now know what happened and will be glad to explain it to anyone personally who would like to visit my office in Montgomery. I would rather not put it in an email.
Sen. Bill Armistead
From:	Scott	McDonald	(Feb. 16)
To:	Senator	Armistead
Dear Senator,
Perhaps you did not read my entire message. Or you simply intend that I never know who lied to your staff.
You said that you would only answer my question personally, in your office at Montgomery. However, Montgomery is a three and one-half hour drive from my home. And, as I said in my previous message, I do not have a driver's license because of a law you helped adopt which violates my religious beliefs by requiring everyone to identify themselves with a government-issued number in order to participate in normal societal activities -such as to drive, work, hunt, fish, get married - and, coming soon, to vote. All of which is clearly prohibited in God's Word.
I would most certainly be arrested and put in jail were 1 to drive to Montgomery. Surely you did not intend, when you voted for that God-forbidden law, that Christians such as myself would be jailed as a result of its strict enforcement? Did you? I'm speaking, of course, about the falsely-premised, recently-amended “child support enforcement” provisions of the state welfare laws.
In your original message you said. 1 can assure you that we were told there would be no meeting.” Your not wanting “to make public” the name of the person who said the meeting was called off is precisely the problem down there: no accountability.
There are many of us - who don't get a government check - that are tired of lip service.
Perhaps if you and others like you in Montgomery spent as much effort protecting the innocent who have been adversely affected by laws you helped adopt, as is spent protecting those who lie and mislead, things would improve.
http://www.nctworkusa.org/fingerprini-shuiil
Scott
From:	Loyd D. Fulmer (Feb. 14)
Subject: Alabama State Boundary Removal To:	Sen. Bill Armistead
Dear Senator,
I do not believe you either. You just lost a lot of votes in my area. Sincerely*
Loyd Fulmer
From:	Sen. Bill Armistead (Feb. 15)
Subject: Alabama State Boundary Removal To:	Loyd D. Fulmer
Mr. Fulmer,
I am very sorry that you feel this way. I am a man who puts honesty and integrity above everything else, so it obviously hurts to hear from someone like you who does not believe that I have been truthful.
Sen. Bill Armistead
Reader, if you love freedom and don't trust those Venable forces tinkering with your constitution, pick up the phone; get your delegates off their losers' carousel.
■	The House number as 334-242-7600
■	The Senate number is 334-242-7800
March 2002 The First Freedom 3
SCAMwAG
ftp
or m momh
“Representative”
By Olaf Childress “Our state constitution is in jeopardy,” says Jim Hardin, publisher of The Beacon of Clanton, thereby scolding the advocacy of another Alabama publisher (gasp!) -and proving that not all newspapers love the NWO, nor is every “Representative’* what the title implies. Rep. Jack Venable's Tallassee Tribune, you see, instructs state legislators what their agenda ought to be if they want good press in most of the print media. Too many of this state’s newspapers agitate for rewriting our constitution, says Hardin, “and they have done their best to demonize anyone who objects on religious or other grounds. Also, the media tells us this is not about loss of rights, higher taxes, or gambling.
As we go to press, two bills which empower Lee Warner *s Alabama Historical Commission to reinvent our capitol and build himself an AHC palace are still threatening.
By Benjamin M. Hestley
Commander. North-East Central Brigade, Ala. Div.
Member, National Heritage Defense Committee Sons of Confederate Veterans
HB 202 is a companion bill of SB 250. Both are identical and their proponent is Lee .Warner. He or his hirelings have gotten Sen. Larry Means to introduce SB 250 and Rep. John Knight to introduce HB 202. Both bills concern the Alabama Historical Commission and do basically three things:
| Add five (5) more members to the AHC, primarily from academia.
1 Render legal the commission's ability to make grants. But, along with this added paragraph 23, paragraph 24 reads, “To perform other acts necessary or incidental to the accomplishment of the purposes of this section, and not otherwise prohibited by law, regardless of whether specifically authorized in this section.” This is an overt grab for power by Lee Warner.
■ Finally, added in Section 41-9-263 (a), et seq., is the establishment of “non-profit citizen support organizations.” There are
For too long the citizen has been at the mercy of those he supposedly elected (what were the choices?), even as a public officer relied on tenured bureaucrats beholden for their peecee instruction from a pack of “news” hounds. Actually, those latter have been lapdogs of the mediacracy all along, and responsible only to its owners, not us. So how shall we overcome? A few of us have to stand up and declare, even while being accused of anti-You-know-whatism, that which is obvious to a home-schooled child: The emperor who owns the publishing houses, TV and movies has no clothes.
Jack Venable (D)
constitution one article at a time. Several bills have already been introduced in the House by Jack Venable (D-Tallassee).
“One bill would abolish Article Two... which defines our state borders, county borders, and constitutional provisions for the location or removal of county courthouses. Our state and counties would no longer have constitutional jurisdictions. Mr. Venable has offered to have our state borders defined by statute. However, statutes can be changed or abolished without a vote of the citizens of Alabama. Then, there is a bill which would rewrite Article One of our constitution and contains 36 sections that are our state Bill of Rights. First, there is a lot of concern about the rewording of Article One. If just one word is changed in a section, that section of the
constitution is then open to reinterpretation by the courts. A hundred years of case law which has established our rights in Alabama will be reevaluated by the courts on a case by case basis. And, there are massive word changes with many sections combined into single sections. The lawyers will love it by charging high rates to Alabama citizens for defending the rights we already have today.
“And, yes, this bill would weaken or abolish many of the rights we have today.”
So warns The Beacon against another publisher, who as a state Congressman calls for and dictates the NWO Manifesto.
Jim Hardin, your opinion of Rep. Jack Venable’s politics equals my own; thus 1 nominate the unrepresentative fellow from Tallassee this month's scalawag.
The first public hearing on HB 202 was attended by a roomful of our folks, and only Lee Warner. Cronenberg and Brazil attended for their side. Jane Doughty and I spoke for our side and Warner and Cronenberg spoke for their side. The Chairman, Clark, after much discussion by members of the committee, decided that we should get together with Warner and see if we could work out our differences. We did that in Clanton at the Alabama Power Conference Center. Warner explained his bill and we asked questions and nothing was resolved, no compromise was made and he left. It was then that Jane and Lawrence Doughty and myself proceeded to Montgomery to lobby, which we did. Two of our people got to speak and two of theirs, because they had a number of bills to look at.	□
Again, here’s how to call anytime and plead the case for actual representation:
• The House number is 334-242-7600 ■ The Senate number is 334-242-7800 To get really involved (and the tide is turning against complacency), find out what’s being debated. See the Internet site www.legislature.state.al.us/ - then voice your very important opinion today.
Sen. Preuitt replies
From: Steven D. Fitts (Feb. 22) Subject Sea Preuitt To:	Terri Fulton
I just got off the phone with Preuitt He told me that HB 45 is out of committee. 1 acted as if I just wanted to know more about the bill, not letting on that I was adamantly opposed to it All he wanted to do was tell me that we could trust the legislature to rewrite our constitution and that it was the Christians and Roy Moore that were the problem, even though he tried to tell me that he was a churchgoer. He told me that all those wanting to put the Ten Commandments in public places were only doing so for political gain. He then said that the Christians want to push their beliefs on everybody else and that he was opposed to that When I let him in on where I stood on the rewrite of the constitution and my belief that we need to return to our Christian foundations, as do most Alabamians, he became hostile. I think he realized that he had let where he actually stands out to someone he didn’t mean to. (He sounded like he was into his cups.) 1 asked him did he not think that Christians may truly be concerned about their rights, and oppose the lottery and support the Ten Commandments out of deep moral conviction? He said he refused to listen to such nonsense and hung up. This man is the enemy and we should not believe anything he says. I know for a fact that he is all for the rewrite. Like a typical worthless politician, he says what he thinks you*want to hear and will only speak truthfully when he thinks you're on his side, or when he’s about drunk.
a different slant on the news
Here's what was Ignored or mbreportod elsewhere
JESSIE JACKSON has added former Chicago democratic congressman Mel Reynolds to the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition payroll. He was among the 176 criminals excused by President Clinton’s last-minute spree which forgave his six-and-a-half-year sentence for 15 convictions of wire fraud, bank fraud and lies to the Federal Elections Commission, plus five years for sleeping with an underage campaign volunteer. This has to be a first even in American politics: an ex-congressman who had sex with a subordinate let off by a president who had sex with a subordinate and hired by a clergyman who had sex with a subordinate. His new job? Youth counselor. Is this a great country, or what?
“IT'S A DEVIANT LIFESTYLE. It’s a destructive lifestyle,” said Christian Family Association Executive Director Dean Young of Gadsden. “If they don’t like the laws of Alabama _ then maybe they need to go back to California or Vermont or wherever they came from.” About two dozen representatives from religious groups, along with more than 100 gay-rights supporters, had gathered outside the Alabama Supreme Court. The Feb. 22 rally opposed an opinion written by Chief Justice Moore in which he called homosexuality an “inherent eviL” Afterwards, the Christian Family Association took the podium outside the Judicial Building to voice support for Moore’s ruling.
NOT FOR GUN RIGHTS, usually; but UPI did carry a news item on the occasion of Kmait’s bankruptcy filing saying that a boycott of the department store chain by “Pro-Second Amendment activists . . . because of the vocal anti-gun activity of Kmart spokesman (sic) Rosie. O’ Donnell” had an impact on Kmart’s collapse. UPI failed to mention Kmart’s equally foolish pulling of handguns and ammunition from the shelves, seen by gun owners as a slap for firearms civil rights and the hunting tradition. Cun Week heard from countless gun owners and hunters in the wake of the announced firearms and ammo sales policy changes saying they would be shopping elsewhere. The bigger impact apparently was in reaction to O’Donnell's appearance as a Kmart spokeswoman using her show to attack actor Tom Selleck for appearing in an “I’m the NRA” advertisement Kmart was flooded with angry calls and mail, and gun owners mounted the boycott As UPI noted, “Outraged firearms owners have been encouraging people to shop at WalMart instead.” That may change, too. for some WalMarts are pulling certain guns and ammo from their inventories.
ONLY ONE WITNESS was to be allowed by chairman Edward Kennedy to testify against the pro-homosexual “Employment Non-Discrimination Act” (S. 1284) at the next day’s Senate Labor Committee hearing. Traditional Values Coalition Executive Director Andrea Lafferty said on Feb. 26, “In the name of fighting discrimination. Sen. Kennedy is discriminating against witnesses.”
MORRIS S. DEES JR., co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center, came in from Montgomery to urge a Long Beach, CA. gathering on February 22 to “build bridges across divides of racism, sexism and hatred” and to “expand on the nation's differences with love, friendship and understanding” — which puzzles the editor of this newspaper, who, attempting to ask Mr. Dees why his SPLC publishes propaganda likening Southern heritage preservation with hate, got physically punched by His Piety and dragged from that interview. “If Martin Luther King Jr. were with us today,” Dees told the Mexicalis, “he would still have faith in us to solve the problems we face in a growing, diverse nation.” So. does Dees plan to stay in that “Atzlan Nation” his orgy-nization helped alienate from us?
several problems in this added section, but, most worrisome, this paragraph: “Except as expressly provided in this article, no proceeding, notice, or approval shall be required for the issuance of any bonds, the execution of any mortgage and deed of trust or trust indenture, or the exercise of any of the commission’s powers when entering into a contract or agreement with a citizen support organization. Neither a public hearing nor the consent of the legislative oversight committee shall be prerequisite to the execution of contracts between a citizen support organization and the commission.”
Now, that is scary, and cannot be allowed to stand In fact, this whole added section concerning citizen support organizations must be scrapped.
SB 250 is in the Rules Committee chaired by Senator Preuitt. However HB 202 is in the Boards and Commissions Committee for public hearings. The first public hearing was Feb. 20. The committee met again, but HB 202 was not discussed; so, it appeared that it would be heard on the 27th. A citizens group met with Lee Warner in Clanton and we listened to Warner’s explanation of the bill, however no conclusions were reached and no compromise was agreed to.
Thank God the tide is turning
JUST SO THEY DON’T GET WISE TO US ON ALL THE RELIGION AND MORALITY
A while ago, only one point of view was heard. Even now, the “diversity” censors haven’t seen the light and grown “tolerant” of us. No, those best qualified to instruct hatred, by calling all who defend Southern culture “bigots,” begin backing off because we who are tired of their drivel are turning it back in their faces; we are sounding off.
Join us, get with the action. Help us put together and distribute the good news wherever those liars are confronted. We’re cleaning house in this election year! Attend meetings, rallies - sound off1 And send in your reports and photos.
“So let us look at the effort to rewrite our
Crony here, crony there, soon adds up to tyranny
Hooligan government grows in proportion as we fail to exercise our responsibilities and rights.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
On Monday night, I once again left the backwoods paradise that is West Coosa County to attend and speak at a downtown Mobile event on Feb. 5 supporting Tim Meadows, arrested for carrying a battle flag in that city’s Veterans Day parade. Not to be confused with the man arrested for carrying our state flag at the Alabama Capitol, Tim and others had wanted to honour their grandparents who fought for Southern independence. But, with local law enforcement under liberal Mayor Mike Dow saying they could not march in the parade, Tim had crossed the police line to march anyway, and was arrested. We were there to support him on his day in court.
Arriving in Mobile late Monday night (or early Tuesday morning), we couldn’t rouse awake any of those foreign motel owners where we stopped, and so slept in the truck. (The more 1 travel, the more I am thankful for Coosa County.) Arriving at Government Plaza in downtown Mobile, where there were many veterans of other events, we joined the demonstration.
The First Freedom’s owner and pub- it was drizzling rain and a cold wind lisher, Olaf Childress, was already there blowing in from the Gulf, as were the other more politically correct	From the glass fronted buildings of
news reoorters. a good crowd considering modem Mobile, city government workers
Lloyd Caperton speaks before the Alabama Capitol one week prior to the flag rally in Mobile. Behind him are members of the Alabama State Flag Initiative, whose efforts brought about the 2001 law that now requires this banner to be flown above all state facilities. No “u-n.” flags were seen in this neck of the woods.
all around peered out at us. Down the street was a friendlier sight: a statue of Captain Rafael Semmes, who commanded the Confederate Destroyer C.S.S. Alabama -which singlehandedly sank or captured 66 Union vessels. That monument stands as eternal testimony to what a small group of determined individuals can accomplish.
As we made speeches and waved our flags, one car after another driving by blew their horns and gave us the thumbs up. A woman in a business dress came up and told me she was so proud we were there. The man walking with her tugged at her sleeve and said, “Better not let your boss see you talking to him!”
Some few, perhaps the products of liberal social engineering, appeared to not like what we were doing.
Then came word that Tim’s case was not on the docket and had been put off. Sounds rather familiar! A few demonstrators can accomplish what ten lawyers cannot. Liberal bureaucrats rule by intimidation. Like darkness, their ideology can not stand the light of truth. Turn that intimidation around and they don’t function very well. Maybe on the next court date the weather will be warm and fair, so there will be even more of us. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
New World orderlies are coming at us with their “Patriot Act” ...
Has the Attorney General been reading Franz Kafka? Big John wants your reading list
By Nat Hentoff During the congressional debate on John Ashcroft’s USA Patriot Act, an American Civil Liberties Union fact sheet of the bill’s assaults on the Bill of Rights revealed that Section 215 of the act “would grant FBI agents across the country breathtaking authority to obtain an order from the FISA [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act] court. V. requiring any person or business to produce any books, records, documents, or items.”
This is now law. The FBI, armed with a warrant or subpoena from the FISA court, can demand from bookstores and libraries the names of books bought or borrowed by anyone suspected of “international terrorism” or “clandestine activities.”
Once that information is requested by the FBI, a gag order is automatically imposed, prohibiting the bookstore owners or librarians from disclosing to any other person the fact that they have received an order to produce documents.
You can’t call a newspaper or a radio or television station or your representatives in Congress. You can call a lawyer, but since you didn't have any advance warning that the judge was issuing the order, your attorney can’t have objected to it in court for he
will be hearing about it first from you.
Courts infrequently impose gag orders during trials, and newspapers sometimes successfully fight them. But never has any suppression of First Amendment speech been so sweeping and difficult to contest as this one by Ashcroft.
If a judge places a gag order, the press can print the fact that it’s been silenced; but now, under this provision of the USA Patriot Act how does one track what’s going on? How many bookstores and libraries will have their records seized?
Are these court orders part of FBI fishing expeditions, like Ashcroft’s mass roundups of immigrants? And if the FBI deepens its concerns about terrorist leanings after inspecting a suspect’s reading list, how can everyone else know what books will make the FBI worry about us?
As one First Amendment lawyer said to me, “What makes this so chilling is that there is no input into the process.” First there is the secrecy in which the subpoenas are obtained, only the FBI present in court.
Then there is the gag order commanding the persons receiving the subpoenas to remain silent. Has John Ashcroft been reading Franz Kafka lately?
As 1 often do when Americans’ freedom to read is imperiled, I called Judith Krug, director of the Office for Intellectual Freedom of the American Library Association. I’ve covered, as a reporter, many cases of
library censorship, and, almost invariably, the beleaguered librarians have already been on the phone to Judy Krug. She is the very incarnation of the author of the First Amendment, James Madison.
When some librarians - because of community pressure or their own political views, right or left - have wanted to keep books or other material from readers, Judy has fought them.
She is also the leading opponent of any attempt to curb the use of the Internet in public libraries. As she has often said. “How can anyone involved with libraries stand up and say, ‘We are going to solve problems by withholding information’?”
I called to talk with her about the FBI’s new power to force libraries to disclose the titles of books certain people are reading -and she, of course, knew all about this part of the USA Patriot Act. And the rest of it, for that matter.
She told me how any library can ask for help - without breaking the gag order and revealing a FISA visit from the FBI. The librarian simply calls her at the American Library Association in Chicago and says, “I need to talk to a lawyer,” and Judy will tell her or him how to contact a First Amendment attorney.
The president and attorney general have so far been able to trade civil liberties for security because they know from the polls that they can count on extensive support.
Most Americans are indeed willing to forgo parts of the Bill of Rights for safety. Only by getting more and more Americans to realize that they themselves — not just non-citizens - can be affected by these amputations of the Bill of Rights will there be a mass of resistance to what Ashcroft and Bush are doing to our liberties.
I would welcome any advice from civil liberties lawyers on ways to counter both this provision of the USA Patriot Act and the gag order, which is the sort of silencing you*d expect of China or Iraq.
Remember the repeated assurances by the president, the attorney general, and the secretary of defense that any security measures taken in the war on terrorism would be within the bounds of the constitution? Whose constitution?
George Orwell said: “If large numbers of people believe in freedom of speech, there will be that freedom even if the law forbids it. But if public opinion is sluggish, inconvenient minorities will be persecuted even if laws exist to protect them.” Today, the public doesn't even know about this provision in the strangely titled USA Patriot Act. A lot of people are still afraid to get on a plane. Is Ashcroft fearful that, if people find out about his interest in what they're reading, they'll be afraid to go to libraries and bookstores - and will start asking questions about what he thinks he's doing? And where is Congress?
... but the REAL patriots have no intention of losing their freedoms!
The bugle calls for March 2002
Mar. 9 - Don’t miss this year’s Alabama League of the South State Conference at the Ramada Inn Statehouse, 924 Madison Avenue, Montgomery. Sign in from 9:30 AM; event is 10:00-3:30. Si5 per person includes meal. Open to public; join your editor there. Says state chairman Steve Fitts: It’s for all who care about the South’s future. Reservations a must. 334-874-6027.
Mar. 26 - 11:00 AM, Government Plaza in Mobile, protest the arrest of Tim Meadows (see next item). We’re tired of it, and will show up with our flags however many times they find it convenient to stall facing up to their unconstitutional barbarity.
Mar. 26 - 1:00 PM, Mobile Municipal Court, 202 Government Street. Let’s be there to help Tim Meadows justify his right to cany a Confederate battle flag in the 2001 Veterans Day parade - for which he was arrested.
For the Past, the Future, the Truth
To order this Southern music CD, contact: Larry Smith, lighterpine@hotmail.com or send a check for $ 16.75 ($ 15 for the CD plus $ 1.75 shipping) to: Basic Gray, P.O. Box 1875, Panama City, FL 32402
Dldn*t read about It elsewhere? On Feb. 23,2002, this Battle of Aiken reenactment was viewed by more than 10.000 as Confederates once again defeated the Yankees besieging their city of Aiken, SC.	photo by j pat	baughman
— Alabama
March 2002 The First Freedom 5
Scandal! Scandals in the State House which you would not believe
To rediscover our lost heritage and sense of direction, the first step forward is back from the precipice. By Joyce Perrin
citizenalert.nct On Wednesday February 13, 2002 over 70 people gathered on the state capitol steps in Montgomery to support the 10-plus organizations having come there to show they will keep our Alabama Constitution of 1901. Truths were noted about its strength, and support was promised to educate the public on the “facts’’ behind this current movement to rewrite (politically correct term, “reform”) our laws all in the name of “education and reform.”
Several of these truths are stated on two group websites: www.keepourrights.org and citizeoaIert.net.
Following is a roll call of some of those who came out for our constitution and for educating the public: Kayla Moore, wife of Chief Justice Roy S. Moore, “Unity” and appreciation of groups recognizing the importance of this issue; Sandra Lane Smith, Association for Judeo Christian Values; Kelly McGinley, Retaking America; Joyce Perrin. Citizens ALERT; Tom Blackaby, American Family Association; Kenneth Freeman, Alliance for Citizens Rights; Suzelle Josey, Parents for the Constitution; Evelyn Cooner. Defenders of the Constitution; Bobbie Ames, Hoffman Center; Ashley Glasscock, Kids for the Constitution.
That afternoon, the Senate Constitution, Campaign Finance, Ethics and Elections Committee met. There were five Democrats to begin. They voted out one bill, then two other Democrats showed up (this they call a run through vote? legal?), and proceeded to vote the bills we had come to monitor: HB's 46-51. Only one dissenting vote. Senator Denton. No Republicans attended the meeting.
This being a 15-member committee, how this was legal is certainly questionable. Next, there was open discussion of the “deal” they had made to pass these bills, “to show faith” - and now they wanted to be assured these bills would not be voted
Cask Lous Pawn-Bay Sell -Trade
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
ijsb.1
Farm Raised -You CatdT Catfish Confederate Shirts, Caps Belt Buckles All 6 flags
Knives• Ammo • Bumper Stackers• Beverages • Tobacco Beading erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner — CapcCSAQaoLcom Treasurer. Alabama League of the South
on the floor until after the “constitutional convention bills” were discussed (passed?). Anyway, no assurances where given. All of this was recorded by a court reporter, so there is proof of this. A lawsuit was filed next day by the Alabama Center for Constitutional Law and Government in Montgomeiy County on Feb. 14 - Happy Valentines Day!
The suit intends to stop this violation of our current constitution, i.e., rewriting it at their pleasure, for it becomes more evident every day that the legislators do not intend to uphold their sworn duty and defend our constitution. HB 45, concerning Citizens Rights, was tabled for a third time; again, an effective method to wear down citizens who are traveling from around the state to voice their concerns. Here I’ve touched only the beginning of this story. The truth will emerge.	□
Scottish patriot William Wallace in the movie “Braveheart” was offered by the King of England gold, title and estates. He replied, “Lordship and title, and then I will become Judas.” The Princess pleaded, “Peace is made in such ways.” Responded Wallace: “Slaves are made in such ways.”
Wtlt*4
Announced in last month’s issue:
Feb. 25 -12:30 PM, District Courtroom 2c, Wyatt Willis answers for holding Alabama flag by the Capitol Christmas tree on which Gov. Siegelman wanted only U.S. Flags.
Wyatt’s friends planned to be there, but...
ALL, please know that my trial has been delayed yet again! Public Safety Attorney Simon has called and said that he has conflicting dates! No further date has been set!
-J. Wyatt Willis
You will not have a trial before the election. This issue is too hot for an election year ’ 1 --	Robert	Powell
Wyatt, thanks for the information. I had already washed the windshield on my pulpwood truck and got my Littleville Courtesy Card (siphoning hose) ready for the trip to Montgomery. Please advise when you get another date set.
— Bob Bentley
Compatriot Wyatt Willis has asked that I post the announcement that his trial for holding an Alabama State Flag on the State Capitol steps has had yet another postponement: Wyatt’s hearing is now set for April 29th. It is beginning to appear that Wyatt will not get his day in court before June 4, Election Day!!	- Ellen Williams
Thousands view reenactment but few stand for “Dixie”
“It is a sign of the times that people used to stand when Dixie was played at reenactments while, today, few sing it and even fewer stand to honor the most famous song of the South,”says J. Pat Baughman, the League of the South's heritage music producer. The expression of pride in our Southern culture is now relegated to teeshirts, bumper stickers and little more.
“The proud Confederate battle flag in the front yard is replaced by an American flag. It’s a shame, because few understand what destructive policies the latter stands for, which are contrary to our Southern culture and religious principles. Unlimited immigration, abortion, homosexuality, gun registration/conflscation, Islamic tolerance and demonizing our Southern ancestors are just a beginning of the list of things that U.S. flag represents to knowledgeable Southrons.
“We need to spread the truth actively and aggressively because we can count on the NAACP, Poverty Law Center, LULAC, the major media and DemocRAT party to continue their barrage of lies and keep our people behind a wall of blissful
ignorance until the day they wake up and find themselves virtual slaves to the central government. At what point are we slaves? When they take more than half of our pay-check, teach our children to hate their own culture, cause white people to live in fear of black people, promote the importation of millions of aliens into our communities and allow the expansion of a religion that has the destruction of Christianity as a primary goal? That puts us well on the path to the servitude I speak of,” said Baughman.
Pat Baughman is a retired advertising and public relations executive who has a background in country and western music production as well as Southern heritage music. His “Confederate Spirit” CD is being sold by the League of the South and his “Confederate Legacy” CD is available through such locations as the Old Courthouse in Vicksburg and Maurice's Barbeque Restaurants in South Carolina. He wrote “The Southern Anthem,” “The Starry Cross,” “Deep in my Heart” and many other Southern heritage songs for these albums. His email address is jpatb@hotmail.com.
But if you DON'T believe it, and aren V sufficiently aroused by this news to ACT NOW against such atrocities, all too soon that which is reported here cannot be reported anywhere•
By Joyce Perrin
cilizenilert.net
Folks all around the state are being bombarded with “Change the constitution!” Yet, when seeking substance and reason for this move, I find the following: no facts, no figures, no documented instances where our constitution has brought about any crisis. So, since it’s an election year, it must be politically driven - and I will back up my assumption with facts.
For months I’ve listened as the papers, politicians and special interest groups have taken up this rewriting of our Alabama Constitution - describing it as antiquated, long and “racist.” Yet we hold a document that stands boldly for our rights to bear arms, speak freely, worship and maintain our property rights. We can also be proud of its historical text, which emphasizes Alabama's movement toward racial equality. Our constitution was written to prohibit and restrict excessive government growth, taxation and intrusion into the lives of the citizens of this state. Government was never meant to be empowered. Whereas an “empowered” government controls its people, a democratic republic is governed - if indirectly - by the people.
According to the American Legislative Exchange Council, Alabama ranks 34th in the nation on state taxes paid in relation to ability to pay. From 1990-99, taxes on Alabama citizens increased by 11.2% while the national average increased by 8.5% according to this same study. How much is it costing the average citizen to “grow government”?
How can any document withstand this brutal assault by our legislature on a yearly basis? Last year alone there were over 600 House bills and over 400 Senate bills. Is this the fault of our constitution? Where is “common sense" being applied in government affairs? Politicians from numerous counties run to Montgomery for bills to change laws so that unconstitutional practices can be continued by “amending” our constitution, making their illegal practices “legal.” Government continues to demand that its citizens live within their means. Should not legislators enforce the same standards when handling our money in Montgomery? Would a new constitution change this attitude? No!
Many of those pushing this action make no mention of such bills passed by the House the past two years and others being currently introduced, all of which should give the public an idea as to how a rewrite of our constitution can destroy our rights. For a third straight year. Rep. Venable has introduced his bill to remove more than half of our 36 individual rights guaranteed by the existing constitution. Wording is changed on most of the remaining rights, meaning, essentially, all of our remaining rights would be subject to interpretation by the courts.
According to current House Bill 45, the following defined rights are “unnecessary."
■	People as the source of all power.
■	Accusation, arrest and detention; punishment limited to laws established prior to the offense.
■	In prosecutions for libel or publishing papers investigating the conduct of public officers, the jury shall under court direction determine the law and the facts.
■	No person shall be attainted of treason by the legislature; no conviction shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture of estate.
■	All navigable waters shall remain forever public highways, free to the citizens without tax.
■	No soldier shall, in time of peace, be quartered in any house without consent of the owner.
■	No form of slavery shall exist in this state, nor involuntary servitude other than as punishment for a crime for which the party shall have been duly convicted.
■	The privileges of suffrage shall be protected by laws regulating elections, and prohibiting, under adequate penalties, all undue influences from power, bribery, tumult or other improffer conduct.
■	The sole and only legitimate end of government is to protect the citizen in the enjoyment of life, liberty and property, and when government assumes other functions it is usurpation and oppression.
Furthermore, “That the citizens have a right, in a peaceable manner, to assemble together for the common good, and to apply to those invested with the power of government for redress of grievances or other purposes, by petition, address, or remonstrance” would be shortened to “Freedom of Assembly and Petition.”
Are you beginning to catch on?
If they would delete from Article I, our declaration of rights, all of the above, what can we expect for the articles that do need adjustment? As each article is repealed, the new law would become statutory, meaning future changes could occur in Montgomery without vote by the people, only legislators.
Other bills this session by Rep. Venable include House Bills 45-51, all of which can be viewed at www.legislature.state.aLus - which is the official state website.
By these pernicious enactments, the following articles would be repealed or dramatically changed:
■	Article 1 - Declaration of Rights: 36 rights, as above.
■	Article 11 - Defining the borders of our state and counties (currently only Alabama and Tennessee have constitutionally named borders to guarantee their sovereignty).
■	Article VII - Impeachments, including supreme court judges, but excluding the superintendent of education.
■	Article XIII — Banking regulations. And, finally,
■	Article XV - Removing the right to form voluntary militias, allowing persons to be arrested for attendance at musters, parades, and elections, or for their involvement in same.
These are a few indications of what we can expect! Let’s wake up in the real world today: we have no accountability in education, yet most of our dedicated funds go to “education.” Some estimate up to 80% - and it is never enough. With more than 20 Representatives who sit on school boards and vote (ethically?) on monies destined for their own coffers, there are at least 67 institutions of higher learning across this state. That’s one per county!
And, for all this education effort a 33% high school dropout rate and our children are failing? Given a $3.2 billion education budget, with the number attending public schools that’s over $4,000 per student. Private schools perform better with half that money. There is definitely something wrong with this picture, but it s not the constitution.
Our constitution earmarks - requires — these funds to be spent on education, but does not order an annual estimated budget that limits education spending. Every year more funds are appropriated for education, as results continue to decline. Where is the money going?
In conclusion, our present constitution was written during a time in Alabama history when the counties had spent themselves into debt. Home rule was common at the time, and our schools were in proration. One hundred years later, steadfastly refusing to follow the guidelines of our 1901 constitution, we’ve come full circle. When will we learn responsibility and accountability and start following our own laws? Joyce Perrin
Alliance for Citizens Rights 79544 U S Hwy 278 Blountsville, Al 35031 205-429-4672 Keepourrights.org
— Line in the sand —
What is this thing called money?
Fed up with the Fed? This will ratchet your ire a notch higher.
By Joe Phelps Money has been around for thousands of years. But, before its invention, people had to exchange real things with others in order to get something they didn’t make themselves. If you mere a farmer and grew pigs, you’d have to take a pig into town to exchange for shoes at the cobbler’s, or beer at the brewery. This is called barter, and it doesn’t make life convenient. People
By Wayne D. Carlson
wcarlson@i*plusjMt
It is not surprising that the hard-working parents of five young children would welcome the physical and emotional relief that television viewing offers them on a number of levels. As an only boy in the company of four sisters growing up in the mid-fifties and turbulent sixties, television was a constant companion. Its presence in our home, as in virtually everyone’s home, represented a sea change in the traditional realities associated with child rearing and domestic life from all that had gone before. The potential dangers its introduction posed went largely unheeded, completely undetected.-
Confined to Mfireside chats” beside their radios during the four terms of our first socialist president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, television was an infant industry when my sisters and I came along. It must have seemed a marvelous and welcome addition in the homes of our parents. With only ABC, CBS, and NBC programming to choose from, it was not hard for parents to keep up with what it was their children were watching. With a largely homogenous population at the time sharing common cultural and religious mores, the infusion of gratuitous sex, profanity, and violence did not begin to weep into our homes until television viewing had become a normal and accepted practice. The slow evolution - of treating deviant sexual practices as normal, coupled with steady indoctrination of leftist politics, as we see so commonly today - lulled a gullible public into tolerating this change. I have been as guilty as any. Weaned on television viewing, 1 cannot fathom how much time 1 have wasted in front of the flickering screen, seeking an easy diversion from boredom.
Conservative Christians who cling to the remnant of the traditional America we see dying right before our eyes today are sorely in need of reexamining the place of television in their homes. The values, mores, and political biases so prevalent in most of the shows we allow our children to watch undermines just about everything we are attempting to instill. It’s bad enough that government schools reinforce many of these same unbiblical values. Certainly we cannot stand idle and “hope” our children will not be infected with the spiritual and intellectual virus they are constantly being exposed to. In this spirit, I have determined to wean myself from lifelong addiction. In hoping that I will encourage the exploration of other interests, especially reading, in my children, the 150 channels that my satellite dish brings into my home will now be radically scaled back to little more than The Weather Channel, C-Span, and a couple of channels that provide some wholesome entertainment: “classic” movies, old shows like Andy Griffith and Leave It To Beaver. My children will no doubt complain loudly, but they will know this is done with their best interests at heart because I love them.
As a veteran middle school teacher of 11 to 15 year olds, 1 am in a position to see, on a daily basis, changes taking place in the value systems of our young people; and I can assure you that from a conservative Christian and traditional Southern standpoint they are not good. We who are actively engaged in this battle with the
found that when they used a scarce and highly valued substance such as gold for collecting and carrying about in their purse, it made the barter process much easier.
Gold is not actually money, because “real money” isn’t real! Gold is a commodity, just like any other substance refined or produced by man. Compared with many other substances, gold doesn’t have a wide range of practical uses. Mainly valued for its permanence and beauty, it is easily worked and can be pressed into extremely thin sheets (gold foil). Gold’s common
globalists, socialists, humanists, and statists, for the very life of our republic and the virtues that made it great, had better realize that our efforts will prove meaningless if we allow our enemies to win the hearts and minds of our children; Television, like most other aspects of the mass media, is in the hands of our enemies and has become a powerful weapon in their well-financed arsenal. I urge you to join with me in taking a practical and very meaningful step forward in inarching our people back from the precipice yawning before us. To do nothing is the equivalent of surrender.
Southerners should know better than most that Hollywood hates us, and is bent on our utter destruction. Who does not know that we continue to be depicted - as Mac Watters, State Chairman of the Florida League of the South recently wrote — “as a collective group of sweaty, stupid, backwards-minded and racist rednecks. The South of movies and TV, the Hollywood South, is not my South.” Mr. Watters (www.freeflorida.org) understands all too well that Hollywood has become in recent decades the enemy of the old American republic.
I know it’s hard after spending the whole day working at our jobs, when we just want to come home and relax, to muster the energy and work in a for more important job, that of parenting. Let us turn off the tool of the Left for a change and get more involved in the lives and thinking of our children. If we’ve abdicated ourselves from that role, be sure that someone else will fill the vacuum we leave. I do not intend to surrender my rights, my heritage, and least of all my children to the enemies of my ancestors and my God. The television addiction, like any addiction, will not be easy to break. We may falter and foil on occasion, but we must persevere to the end. □
America at War:
Israel never picks a fight its big9 dumb gladiator can9t win. WhaFs the point in owning all the media if you aren9tgoing to use them?
By Nelson Waller
You seem to be protesting to me, dear friends, that we have to fight the Arabs for the “good” of Israel. I say what we’re doing for Israel is already on the verge of bringing our own civilization to a crashing halt — soon — unless we get hold of ourselves, and learn at last to see to our own affairs, our own defense, our own moral standing, to the faith of our fathers and to the socio-political wisdom that guided us for our first 150 passably successful years as a nation. I have been trying not to stir up the matter of Zionism more than necessary here, but this is like trying not to mention an elephant walking through an antique shop.
All right, let’s just grant for the sake of discussion that Genesis 12:2 refers to the people we call Jews and the object we call Israel today. Let's assume the peachers (sic) are correct in insisting that this interpretation of Old Testament theology means America has to “bless” Israel in present-day political terms. Please, someone, explain for us how our conduct toward Israel constitutes “blessing” anything or
functional uses are for jewelry, dental work, gilded domes on state houses, non-corroding electrical contacts and gold leaf lettering on office doors. But because of its high value gold served as a universal barter medium in most early advanced societies.
Those regimes assumed the monetary power, because they needed it to serve the people. Society created government for its own protection. Small tribes appointed chieftains to lead them, protect individual rights and organize their defenses against unfriendly outsiders. As nations grew, governments became larger and more complicated. Before the invention of money, it was necessary to collect gold or material of similar bartering value to pay for what the people expected government to do. The earliest sovereigns had no way of creating real money. Later rulers began to do so in a primitive way. Many different objects were used: sea shells, wampum beads, unusual plant seeds, bones, pebbles. All of these things had no other value than a sovereign gave them by demanding that they be used to pay taxes to him. They served as the first “real money.” Strange as it may seem to many readers, “fiat” money, that created by someone’s decree or promise, is the only kind that can truly be called money. Such currency has no intrinsic value; it is only a promise to deliver some other thing at a future time, something that does have value.
So why do many people think gold is money? Confusion about the true character of gold in mankind's commerce is one of the reasons for this general ignorance concerning money in modem societies. Such ignorance has made possible some of the greatest scams in history. Here’s how the scams began. The principal early use of gold was for jewelry, and as a storehouse of value. If a man could collect enough gold and keep it safe, he knew it could later be exchanged for anything he and his family might need to buy. But thieves and robbers were always a problem. Where could a considerable amount of gold be kept safely? The artisans who fashioned gold into jewelry had solved the problem, to some extent, by building strong safes of iron, sometimes banks of vaults set into rock. People began taking their gold to the goldsmiths for safekeeping. When a gold owner deposited a measured amount, the warehouse receipt stated he had that much available for return on demand. In effect, the note was a promise to pay. It thus fit the definition of true money.
Goldsmiths discovered a remarkable way to get rich when people began using
anyone the way God calls us to in the rest of his revealed Word. Let’s see - we throw money and war materiel at “Israel.” We cover up her genocide and her aggressions and relabel them “defense.” We go out and bludgeon whomever she doesn’t like and ask no questions. We let her do as she pleases and never ask any accounting. When the people she and we have wrecked take it out on us in a way we actually feel, for a change, we simply finesse this into another occasion for destroying more “sons of Ishmael” (as American peachers love to demean the Arabs!) - which translates into yet again making the world more safe for Zionism!
It actually translates into more dead bodies, more orphaned and starving children, more decimated human societies, and a guarantee of an ever-worsening spiral of trouble and destruction on that part of the world - but who cares, as long as Katie Couric and Tom Brokaw still assure us every night on the news that we’re doing what God wants!
There—this is really all about Israel, and everybody knows it Someone please call me collect and let me know how many of your immediate kin you are personally willing to sacrifice for this latest war effort for Zionism. Your sons? Your nieces? The college-age kid next door? No? Perhaps
those warehouse receipts for trade in place of gold. If the goldsmith firm issuing the note was well known and respected, its notes were accepted for purchases by most merchants. In quite a few countries the goldsmiths belonged to a guild whose members hung a red shield (in German, Rothschild) over their doors. Before long, guild members talking with one another discovered that a large number of owners bringing in gold never came back to claim it, having simply spent their “bank notes” for other things and these notes remaining in circulation. It appeared that, on average, just one out of five gold depositors came back to claim their own valuable property.
So the central idea of modem banking, fractional reserves, was bora. It occurred to the goldsmiths that if only one-fifth of the depositors claimed their gold, “bankers” needed to keep on hand only one-fifth of the gold represented by their outstanding notes. In other words, for every piece of gold on deposit, the “banker” could issue five notes. One of these notes was of course backed by the gold piece deposited, but the other four had no gold behind them. The first note was issued to the actual owner of the gold. The other four notes could be used by the “banker*' to purchase things, or, more often, to lend out Interest would of course be charged on such loans.
As you read this, does a suspicion enter your mind? If you are beginning to suspect that, somehow, modem banking may not have an entirely moral basis, you’re correct Fractional Reserve Deposit Expansion is a major cause of the world’s problems. By this means, bankers lend money they do not possess. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York lends money it doesn't have when it buys a U.S. Treasury Bond on the open market. Every commercial bank lends money it does not have when it accepts a trust deed or mortgage for a certain value and then credits that much to the borrower’s account or writes a check for that amount to the borrower's home purchase escrow. If anyone other than the people's sovereign government creates money, that constitutes stealing from the people. Don’t forget it!
The so-called “customary banking practices” followed by member banks of the Federal Reserve System (which is not federal at all), if followed by ordinary citizens, would be called “criminal fraud" punishable by fine and imprisonment.
After a long and successful engineering career. Joe Phelps* web site at www.go-oalarec.com now covers his two loves, golf and monetary science. There you can find in-depth studies of money by Joe and others, plus links to additional money experts.
you have daughters or nephews or grandchildren you are happy to see fighting in Afghanistan because your country has called them to some ostensibly valid kind of duty. Please tell us, then, exactly what you expect this war to accomplish - that is, what worthwhile goal you feel will be met if they should perish in this “first war of the twentieth century” as Bush almost proudly calls it.
This is a serious inquiry. Come on, let’s have it. Nothing is going to bring back the World Trade Center or the people who were incinerated there. Our war doesn't promise - how could it? — to bring or even enhance good feeling between “Israel” and the Islamic world. Quite the contrary! It won’t cut the cost of oil or gas, supposedly the rationale for our decade of war against Iraq. And. most tragically, it appears to be hopeless a;, a means of assuaging Arab and Moslem wrath against ourselves, because the more Arabs we kill, the more aggressive and creative they get in returning the compliment. And as those headlines about anthrax confirmed, there is nothing that a Godless, spoiled, free-for-all "pluralistic society” like ours can do to defend itself against agrarian peoples who have had enough of our approach to world empire. □
Nelson Waller can be reached care of this paper or FOB 2368. Anderson. SC 29622 (Tit 864-225-0882)
Television: tool of the Left
Gory, Gory Hallelujah!
March 2002 The First Freedom 7
TO MY “REPRESENTATIVE”
Sir: I fear the direction our government is taking. 9-11 wouldn't have happened had citizens such as Barbara Olson been armed with pistols instead of cell phones. True terrorists walk the halls of Congress when passing laws that violate our rights. A vote proposing to change our constitution must have 2/3 of the states' approval, the actual amendment 3/4; but the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. Our Framers, putting these words at the end of the Second Amendment, were nying: “Dare not touch!” Yet government at all levels has violated this right, ignored the strong statement, shall not be infringed Welcome to the new Roman Empire rising out of that World Trade Center's dust. For the next fifty years we'll wage war against terrorism, fall twenty plus trillion dollars in debt, be ruled by world bankers ordering federal tax dollars sent to rewrite our Southern heritage and deface the Alabama Capitol. Right now I see police setting up roadblocks just to check if a simple seat belt law is being complied with, and not a vocal word of objection. What a nation of wimps the U.S. citizen has become! Says the government: it's “for our own good” that these laws must be passed, regardless of what the constitution rules. Cod help us!
CITIZEN TOM HESS Daphne
FEBRUARY’S SCALAWAG
Thank you for the links on Dees. I am giving a lecture on the SPLC and the ADL at our next LOS meeting, and these links will be useful in this talk. Do you have any links on the ADL?
KEVIN THOMPSON Buchanan. GA
|“bnai brith” on a search engine gets 1,500 hits praising the holocussers. -Ed.)
Please also send this [Dees] information to the Southern heritage list. I’m sure . Chuck would Dost jt and everyone there will read it. Keep up the good work.
RICHARD UHLIG Shallowater, TX
BATTLE FLAG CRIME
The city is probably hoping that if they postpone it enough, troops will no longer show up to support Tim's First Amendment rights. They were probably hoping he wouldn't show up Feb. 5. so they could find him guilty and then charge him with contempt of court. I have much contempt for the court myself, so it wouldn't be a problem. Dixie day!	LINDA SEWELL
Mobile
(Charles Yow of Bay St. Louis, who is Tim's lawyer, criticized the “lie” that the case was on the docket “Irresponsible reporting,” he called it. Having checked with a dozen offices of the court and city prosecutors, being told that it was still definite, to the best of my knowledge and belief. The First Freedom did faithfully print whatever available data. No secret deals; just the facts. Our track record is better than “Wrong Day” Holan’s. -Ed.]
It is likely that Tim will never come to trial. Here in Florida, when the state wants to deny someone a day in court, they continue him to death, until some judge realizes they have exceeded his 180-day “right to a speedy trial,” and dismisses the case. I am sure they are up to something similar.	JOHN	ADAMS
Deltona, FL
Thanks for doing the heavy lifting in this battle against peecee, and for justice! our Southern roots are in these flags. We all appreciate and admire your Southern style spunk.	JOE	MILLER
Ml Pleasant, TX
Great work y'all. Just keep a close eye on that bunch, they'll slip a new date on ya as fast as a Yankee peddler. Them damned liberals are slicker’n snot All for Dixie!
ROBERT HOWLETT Roanoke, VA



Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 1.)
I read a post by some poor soul saying, “Mayor Dow is our hero.” It seems that, in a fit of political blather, the mayor had agreed to make certain concessions. Let me explain about political whoremeisters. They will pander at each moment however their pander button alerts. I support the MLK agenda of loving your brother, but vehemently fight the NAACP, the black Klan and every feel-good liberal. These people preach racism the likes of which the KKK must admire. Constitutional government, they say, is in spite of our Confederate groups. I say that our fervent support of the constitution is all that has kept the total destruction of America at bay. Some attach white supremacy to our groups. Others give wings to the political whores who would aspire to be angels. Do these people have so little regard for our intelligence they expect us to accept the serpent tongued oratory of consummate liars? Mayor Dow has a reputation that precedes him. Georgia's King Roy has made his bed, too, and he is welcome to the dog fleas that occupy it with him. The money, temporal rewards, power and promises of quid pro quo are the price they gave for their souls. The Confederacy has no price that these soulless creatures of hell can offer. I know Mobile, its good people of all races and creeds. My visits are pleasurable, and I have found few cities more loving and friendly. The laid-back warmth, hospitality and from the heart friendliness is belied by this mayor and his administration. I cannot cozy to the racist NAACP and its associates, and detest the KKK. Nor do I judge the soul of MLK for alleged violations of personal probity. This is God's domain. If a person repents, then my reading of the Word says you are in Paradise. The repeated violations of civil human liberties have been addressed. For people of conscience, this needed doing. Now let's complete the job. All are privy to civil rights. The white, the red. the yellow -and our colored brethren. I extend them my hand because it's the right thing to do. But, with vermin that practice two-facism, one must count his fingers. The white man, and. in particular, the Confederate, is now subject to the “Now, it’s our turn, whitey!” Not while I live and breathe will 1 accept this. If the past oppression of race (Irish included) and religion (ask Catholics and Jews about it) was a grave sin, then these actions and agenda by the NAACP and like organizations are no less repugnant. This Southern, laid back calm exterior has been misread by the enemy as complacency. They are making a big time mistake. Our own political actions will make theirs pale by comparison. Since King Lincoln made the U.S. guvmint his daddy, the central control syndrome has been a constant trend. Our constitution was sold to the North, states rights put in this manure pile of Reconstriction (my spelling). 600,000 dead, and textbooks say the “good” side won. They say that we forgot. They say get over it. That’s what they say. I do not give a wad of spit for what they say. Sir, I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
MARVIN EUGENE HENLEY Long Island, NY
Having studied the situation, here are my conclusions: The only way to fight fire is with fire. The only way to let everyone know there is a fire to begin with is to scream bloody murder at the media. They will give negative publicity, but many will be infected with the idea that what you are saying makes sense. This means signs, pickets, flags, etc., day after day at the city hall, court buildings, etc.
J. PAT BAUGHMAN Bamberg, SC
Hah! Hahahaaaaaaa! Pinned him (them) in seconds! We unreconstructables are not as dumb as we look to peecees, eh? Your brio is one of your deadliest weapons. Take no prisoners! NELSON WALLER
Anderson, SC
[Ouch! Had to look that one up. Brio. My first thought was that it belonged on a brioche. -Ed.)
Thanks for your article about the largest flag to ever be seen in Alabama, as well as mentioning our effoits to keep the battle flag flying in South Carolina. I was one of those three bagpipers that led the parade in January, 2001. One correction I would make to your article, though. Please do not use the term “Stars and Bars” to refer to the battle flag. The Stars and Bars was the First National Flag which featured a circle of stars in that part where the U.S. flag had rows of stars, and then three bars where the U.S. flag had 13 stripes. It looked so much like the Colonial Flag that the generals in battle had difficulty telling them apart. This is what led to the design of the battle flag: not a national flag, though its design was later incorporated into the Second National and Third National flags. The battle flag was the flag of soldiers. Keep up the good work! You may surely quote me. Now for the kicker (don't choke). I reside -not “live,” for nobody lives here - in New York City. However, my mother, and the largest pan of my family, is from South Carolina, first state to secede and the only one to do so unanimously. Piper to the SC League of the South,
GEORGE M. FORSYTHE New York City, NY
PAX MEDICAMENTA Do you know anybody in prison? In a nursing home? In our mental hospitals? I know one or some in each. I know how they get there. More often, it is that their constitutional rights are violated. All who read The First Freedom know about the Amendments and rights, but may not have considered that this institutional keeping of humans confined and drugged must stop. It's fine to be against injustice, but what are you or 1 doing to displace what’s wrong with what is right? How can society punish itself for promoting and supporting human rights violations? Who goes free, the social worker taking a child from his parents? The deputy driving a man to confinement? The nurse who daily and sometimes thrice as often injects more than four kinds of drugs into the butts of young adults in Searcy, Bryce and other places? And what about those in the Brewer Center classed “retarded*7
BEVERLY JO JONES Saraland
RECONSTRUCTING GOAT HILL I have read bald-faced lies in my time but the lies by Governor Siegelman and Dr. Warner rate at an all time high. Saying all they had was “positive” comments on the capitol grounds renovation is unadulterated manure. I cannot believe Lee Warner told the governor all the public response was “positive.” What does he call our comments at AHC meetings and hundreds of letters we wrote both him and the governor?! I have more than six letters from Siegelman concerning the capitol grounds in which he dodged the issue by referring me to Warner. And I have at least six letters from Warner and/or his administrative assistant Tamara Cofield. At every AHC meeting the ratio averaged 250 against the project and one for it from the very first meeting last March to the last meeting in November. Governor SingleTerm is quoted as saying “no one” had contacted him about the capitol renovation. I have the letters to prove he knew there was opposition. We had three public protests for heaven's sake! What a liar - either the governor or the person who wrote that story! And we all know what God said about liars.
RICHARD A. COOK Prattville
(Since the Montgomery Advertiser had no problem printing your letter, that narrows it down a bit. At one AHC meeting, 20 of us asking to speak were told, “You are not the public!” -Ed.|
WHOSE IGNORANCE?
I am confused concerning the elimination of state boundaries for the following reasons. If there is not a defined area, what is the argument with regard to even having a state constitution, since no one would know what state they would be living in? How will the county boundaries be determined as to what state they are in? If there are no boundaries it seems that the people in this area would be more appropriately called members of the Tribe of Alabama than citizens of the State of Alabama. I do not understand how a document can be written to define rules within a given area if that area is not defined In my dictionary the definition of state, which I believe to be the appropriate one, is: a politically unified people occupying a definite territory; nation, 8: the territory or authority of a state. A tribe is defined as a company, group, or set of persons, especially one with strong common traits or interests. Notice there is no mention of territory or boundaries in this definition of a tribe. It seems to me that eliminating state boundaries would create more problems that solve. I've seen nothing explaining what the elimination of state boundaries is supposed to resolve. Logic says Alabama as a defined land mass could disappear, with Georgia, Florida, Mississippi and Tennessee conceivably taking in whatever area they desired. Supposing none of the above states have defined borders, may we as the Tribe of Alabama migrate further in all four directions and lay claim to those areas with our tribal laws (constitution)? Would our governor become a tribal leader rather than an executive officer in control of a defined area? Do our state troopers become tribal security? How far would one have to reside from the seat of power before becoming exempt from the tribal laws (constitution)? If I have missed the point of this controversy, please excuse my ignorance. THOMAS C. MARTIN
Madison, AL
WAR ON PRUDENCE Today, Feb. 26,2002, the U.S. Debt hit a new milestone: $6,002,734,772,404.52. This is from the Bureau of the Public Debt's http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/opd/opdp enny.htm website. TOM SMITH
Fairhope
SONGS OF THE SOUTH If you want some good, pro-Southem music, there is a new CD that you should enjoy. If you are looking for a slick Hollywood type production, then you can quit reading here cause this CD is not foryou. If you want something that you might hear being played on the porch on a warm summer evening, then you will like this. It's a CD you’ll play over and over again. Nat Rudulph and Larry Smith - Basic Gray - have a 14-song debut CD, For the Past, the Future, the Truth, filled with what they term “alternative folk” music. This is not the hippie folk from the sixties. All the songs are written and performed by Larry and Nat. The music covers a wide range of subjects including: political corruption, globalism, institutional failure, cultural degeneration, commercialism, industrialism and more. “Southern Man” and “Cracker’s Last Stand” are just two of the songs you'll hear on this CD. Cracker's Last Stand tells the story of what happens to traditional Southrons as rodent crazed Yankees invade their homes. One of my favorite lines from the entire CD is, “We salute Jeff Davis every July 4th, we don't give a damn how they do it up north.” Southern Man is a song of purity in this day of compromise and half-hearted efforts. Southern Man is a song to inspire the Southern Nationalist in any of us. Here's another: “When the South has risen again, and this Babylon's gone with the wind/ there'll be dancing down in Dixie, when the South has risen again.” It's great to have some new music we can enjoy.
JOE ARNOLD Panama City, FL (To order, see bottom of page 4. -Ed.]
— Let there be light —
The Confederate banner is here to stay: nothing you can do about it
Dear Confederates: Put the flags away
and accept defeat.
Enough already with the revisionist names: the War for Southern Independence, the War Against Northern Aggression, the War Between the Suites - blah, blah, blaht [Tallahassee News, Feb. 27]
A J. CORTEZ
Dear Mr./Ms. Cortez:
Blah. blah, blah is right! Your entire message was senseless and void of any truth. For your information, the War Between the States is the correct name for that war. For your further information and education, a “civil war” is when a group of
people tries to take over the government of an entire country. The South didn't want any pan of that Yankee land. We simply wanted to be left alone, as is the same today. We don’t want nor need ignorant people, such as yourself, telling us what to do and not to do. We do understand that we are still occupied by Yankee forces. We will not, however, continue to be reconstructed by the likes of those who are totally and completely ignorant to the facts of the war. I won't even go into the real reasons for the War such as state sovereignty and over-taxation, as you were obviously educated by northern revisionist textbooks and your hatred of the South
gives you tunnel vision. Also remember, to the winner go the spoils of war, which includes writing its history. It is truly a shame that some people are uneducated by choice, and, rather than learn the truth, they are content to spew venom, hatred and lies about the South for their own selfgratification.
Don't forget about the constitutional rights of citizens to free expression. Like it or not, the Confederate banner is here to stay and there is nothing people like you can do about it. Your only choices are to like or to leave it alone. The more you complain and spout lies, the more flags we hoist in protest. Remember, it is better to
keep your mouth shut und be thought n fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
Read the quote below and understand that, just as over 780 years ago, by your attempt to prevent my history and deny me my symbols, you are sowing the seed of your own destruction. Have a Dixie Day!
In Dixieland where I was born!I
LINDA SEWELL Mobile, Alabama
"Any society which suppresses the heritage of its conquered minorities, prevents their history and denies them their symbols, has sown the seed of Its own destruction."
- Sir William Wallace, 1281 A.D.
Terminal Phase
By Olaf Childress
After NAFTA
Lightweights in the faith department, stop here.
Those staying, consider this scenario: We repudiate NAFTA and GATT, along with the world banksters who orchestrated them, and arrive at true self-government. Allow furthermore that investors, in their continuing quest for profits, begin utilizing robot-making robots to autofacture every material good at the lowest possible price, dispensing with almost all manual labor.
The downward spiral of prices, salaries and investment returns within a materially sated but spiritually exhausted populace brings home the truth: our wars on drugs, poverty and hate have brought more of all three. So we decide to stop the invasion, sending home whoever has sneaked into this country and committed a crime or gone on welfare. “Tolerance,** "diversity’* and "multiculturalism** cease to be catchwords; late-awakening academia and media find themselves outflanked. Such votaries as prayed Western civilization into actuality grow intolerant not only of government employee unions, but organized extortion of entrepreneurs in general. Nor do they permit the latter to buy up competition.
This endless chase toward uncharted horizons having been about the intangibles all along, a lot of unimaginative socialists who’vc swarmed for their organized hive begin dimly to grasp the frightening truth: change is the constant, no end of history! Egalitarianism losing its atheistic pretense and superstition, philanthropists and art patrons start looking for more substantial clients. Others launch space probes, fund various studies. With no vendible goods or services lacking, noble egos submit at last to God for instruction.
Ah, the ego! But, what if megalomanic self-seekers conspire to rule the world? Shades of Roosevelt! If we haven’t learned our lesson, we'll be slaves, that’s whaL Possibilities beyond capitalism demand attention even in a reawakening academia no longer bound by "tolerance,” quotas, "diversity" and the censorship required of "multicultural" communism - as Utopia’s putrid corpse to buried at last No matter bow affluent the high flyer, once we as a people take responsibility for public affairs, and only then, dislocations caused by unredistributed private wealth will be moderated, through vigilance,
\jy	Must Alabama obey each
Bilderberg diktat from the laff	internationalist bankers?
w Self government begins at home! Join the action, stay informed. For a one year subscription by mail, send $12.00 to
{The First Freedom
!P.O. Box 385, SilverhilL Alabama 36576!
|	| ,r " ^ M "V * - **■”'	|
f
I___*	...»	*	I
iiwBrT" - *- tii irjp"*TTrr mi i "mit
, I , ,	‘ *id• .¥*?	I
\mnmm----------------------------------j
i
-	kfrril	zir	j
10 Here's $12 for a one-year subscription^ i D $20 for 200extra copies of current issue.1 *□ $20 for 200 extra copies of the next one.; {□ $___________as a patron. Keep it up! |
j Email, tcl.nr. or comment:
against the cupidity of purchased power. When our courts no longer defend usury's claims against debt collateral, and every man’s word to his only bond to the loan sharks, this information revolution will have made equally clear to rich and poor that behavior entails consequences. I am not advocating, but predicting the online total franchise. And, yes, it's a dangerous crossing. However, we'll be there before you know it Essentially, what remains to be seen is who's in charge of the terminals. Voter qualification to quite important For, as Utopia was a vacation from reality, on this next leg a harnessed aristocracy must satisfy a limited democracy.
We will defeat those stateless banksters who would control us via electronic fraud by outsmarting the New World orderlies doing their bidding. Then, if some patent royalty lawfully removes, say, five percent of all currency from circulation for a time, that merely increases to 105% the value of each coin remaining. On the other hand, take a like portion of product away and each available unit jumps to 105% of its former price. It Is grossly unfair to over regulate internal industry while opening our doors to foreigners, but that's exactly what big money has purchased lately from your "representatives.** Do not fear a loaf of bread doubling in price when NAFTA bellies up with the return of clear thinking; rejoice at the baker's and your own higher earnings.
One liberal program after another has invariably pretended to cure the terrors loosed by its predecessor. Reserving unto future generations a few decisions doesn't appeal to the central power aficionado: an expert at goofing things up.
As a personal health checkup makes sense, so does the state's. That's not saying either should be mandatory, of course, but, if you as an individual or the good people of Alabama in conjunction are for long life and vitality, such investigation will insure no cancer spreads undetected. Explained another way, it's not a shame to catch the itch but leaving it untreated is inexcusable.
Consuming our organic freedoms, that juridical tyranny preordained fifty years earlier by Frank Roosevelt's Supreme Court appointments having developed into unconstitutional interpretations at every level and congressmen not even bothering to bring impeachment proceedings against a single miscreant judge at the height of those judicial horrors. President Ronald Reagan realized that foreign communist ideology in its dying throes had somehow infected the nervous system of his own country. But no herb or medicine was then available to cure the pathological Marxist reporter. Our information revolution, which might someday quarantine and treat such delusions, remained years away.
Notwithstanding that media blackout of how near the end loomed for his Soviet Union if Premier Gorbachev couldn't raise a hefty few billion dollars via his American apologists - their painstakingly cultivated public image of the crafty dictator brought him no reprieve at the Reykjavik summit.
And so the Washington press corps was obliged to suffer capitalism's triumph, the K drug of central planning no longer taking
effect; as, in exasperation, they awakened to the good Doctor Dutch Reagan smiling "compassionately" in their faces.
This could not be! The "end of history" held little tenor, but the mediacracy's fall loomed unthinkable. It was the millennial crisis which had loomed, back when FDR’s intellectual stooges initially seized power, decades away.
If any single generation of advocates for big government had possessed enough grace to admit truth into the equation, no treatise exposing so many inconsistencies would have become necessary. But power hungry quacks, disinterested in competing for authority, submitting their voices to the unisonal media instead, were instructed to belittle every other remedy until the public swallowed its bogus bolus.
Let's give capital investors due credit, and avoid "restarting" a bankster-caused slump or depression with some temporary relief prescribed by a "Federal" Reserve whose fraudulent doctoral has no mandate for writing marketplace "guidelines." We must kick this habit of tax stimulants that "encourage" the appearance of a cure, and stop making those who refuse the drug pay for it anyway. When the economy operates within criteria acceptable to the voting public (whether or not government experts are smiling), on penalty of expulsion from office they should refrain from advising or coercing citizens where to risk their own savings. Since Congress surrendered its constitutional duties regarding coinage to a clique of international money speculators, it's time we recovered those powers not delegated. Central bankers have been the beneficiaries of all political upheavals and wars, including the Bolshevik Revolution.
The depression of the thirties, as stated, provided a springboard for socialism. Also at that time, growing leftist media forces undertook to Cultivate their cozy, love-hate relationship with organized labor, relaying the myth that New York's garment district child sweatshops were typical of a national problem requiring federal remedy. A most disturbing condition to be sure, but. same as that earlier panic associated with the market collapse, for all its embarrassment to the Big Apple, only a temporary tumult.
Like schooling fish, immigrants had gathered where it seemed a bit safer, their broiling numbers converging upon this sandbar of attraction which just happened to be New York: port of debarkation into a young land paying its price for having been nominated the world's best hope. Merely a seasonal phenomenon, such oversupply of unskilled workers - people so eager to become Americans that they momentarily bunched themselves into the Manhattan narrows - naturally beckoned predators soon after.
Simple arithmetic says conditions were worse elsewhere by a difference of at least the fare to cross an ocean. How could such logic have escaped the reporters? This country wasn't losing emigrants!
Nor did those new, low-wage workers count on Roosevelt's intervention; to the contrary, assiduously avoiding discovery by their "saviors," furtively bargaining for piecework which might be sewed in tiny cubicles, the object being to traverse these
straits on their own. And. if shopkeepers capitalized on that cheup, unchecked labor: this is how the market operates, kids.
But socialist agitators claiming to have discovered a revival of feudalism yelled, "Slavery!" when they really feared nothing more dreadful than competition; i.e., the natural right of contract. Indentured labor already at the time having been subjected to lawful remedy, such qualms were totally unjustified. With no clients in their creel, lacking a case and none but the lawyers for that fishing trip. Big Brother should have stayed home.
Had New York's welfare net at the time proven inadequate, hungry immigrants might've landed in jail or migrated farther inland. But Governor Frank Roosevelt and his friends weren't about to let such a catch slip through their trap. They had larger uses for these fingerlings than watching them swim away.
Now, suppose the situations between America and Europe had been reversed. Imagine the scene: These United States arc up to their necks in socialism, plagued with deteriorating economies, joblessness and anarchy, without hope of soon arriving at a free market such as has been flourishing for some time "over there." Also visualize a slew of our expatriates pocking with slim resources into the great and enticing cities of Dublin and Naples. Suddenly, it doesn't seem strange to find informed public office seekers endorsing those market precepts luring our countrymen abroad.
And that's exactly what many European political newcomers right about then were proposing: They would copy the American formula just as FDR's Brain Trust began its fishing expedition.
But a rising tide of propaganda on both sides of the pond spread confusion, the kind served up by Madison Av especially. A mite peculiar all along, amid its proud if anomalous New Amsterdam settlers had been Roosevelt’s sires: socialists from across the channel, not Brits. Don't get me wrong; if N.Y.C. wishes its cosmopolitan denizens to paint themselves orange and pose atop lightposts, none objecting, that's fine. But not in my sweet home, Alabama!
As worldwide communist subversion unleashed its zealous fury and the speech of "honest" politicians began taking into account not what drew the Irishman here but the equation of compromise with good press, at the height of that panic ordinary logic was being hooted down by radical "intellectuals."
Strange indeed! While communism and fascism gained strength "over there,” the New Deal’s counterpart of both took root here. Propaganda carried the day.
But, along with the truth that people of substance will still teach self-government when all these windmills have collapsed, let us note for the record which American and European intellectuals stood fast on principles and character - unimpressed by the madding crowds, aloof from fools; who later could look bock over their lives with justifiable satisfaction, having confronted ideology when it wasn't chic, ridiculing so many supposed "cures" for the ordinary ills that unfortified nations and individuals must suffer. Those were statesmen.