SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe lost of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours hack when FDR named “four freedoms.”
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
45
e Eirst
eedom
f Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only Individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Afolume 4 Number 1	___________________http://www.gulncl.com/homeiiec/__
A plan to save America from peecee extremism
By Barry Farber
January 2002
During the Korean War a group of American prisoners was marched into a classroom every day and lectured by their Chinese communist captors on the evils of America. Those sessions originated the term “brainwashing.”
One day the Chinese lecturer had an especially triumphant smile on his face.
“Look at this!" he fairly barked, an<^ held up what looked like a cocoon-shaped object made of something like papier-mache.
“This proves you Americans are committing germ warfare. Your denials are now exposed as a lie. Your airmen dropped tens of thousands of these poison pellets yesterday all over North Korea. Why, there’s enough poison in this one little capsule to kill every man, woman, and child in a Korean city the size of...”
He never finished the sentence. At that instant an American Gl in the front row jumped up. grabbed the pellet out of his hand, and - in front of the whole group -swallowed it!
He knew we weren’t waging germ warfare, and he wanted to slam that particular morsel of communist propaganda back into communism’s face. Mission accomplished. It used to be I wanted a poster with that man’s face to put on my game room wall.
That’s not enough anymore.
We've got to locate that man and make him president!
I shall now present a plan to save America. If you hate America, fear not. This plan - effective though it would be § will never be implemented. Democrats won’t be interested, and Republicans don’t have the guts.
We’re beginning to feel the strangulating effects of what sounded light and fluffy back at the beginning when we began to call it “political correctness.** It started out as a kind of parlor game; you lose a point if you call a woman a “girl**; you go back two squares on the board if you call a black person a “Negro.** It would be a delight to return to that kind of “political correctness." just as it would be a delight in this age of school shootings to go back to 1940s-sty le ^juvenile delinquency.”
That little monster called political correctness, once cute, has grown. It now has this society locked in a full nelson. When the military meekly consents to its feminization, when the sucker fish is treated preferentially to the Oregon farmer in the allocation of scarce water, when a mother who drowns her five children enjoys media sympathy, when the suggestion that it might be a good idea to have borders and control who enters is viewed as a hate crime, when policemen doing their jobs are accused of killing members of minorities deliberately, when an innocent office compliment can become a sexual harassment suit, when the telling of an ethnic joke in front of the wrong people can knock a demonstrably unbigoted candidate out of the race, when the laudably commonsensical proposal to uphold English as a national language is viewed as archie-bunkerism against all other languages, when Western civilization is trashed on college campuses as fascist and oppressive, when the Boy Scouts are out and the Hell’s Angels are in, and when the so-called conservatives - the Republicans - content themselves with trying to appear only slightly less in favor of these affronts than the Democrats, it’s no longer “political correctness.”
When hordes of Americans who know better want the job. the grant, the appointed
position, the tenure, or the vote enough to cock back their head, the better for the conformity surgeons to fit the ring though their nose, it's no longer political correctness.
It’s a slow-motion philosophical Pearl Harbor gathering speed and achieving crescendo.
Pretend it’s my turn now to speak at a top-level White House meeting convened to deal with the falling ratings of the president. I would first point out some good news. The best time to counterattack is when the enemy has overreached.
German general Erwin Rommel chased I the British clear across North Africa to within 40 miles of Cairo. Hitler cheered, but only for a while. That dazzling success, j you see. caused Rommel’s supply lines to| stretch out like saltwater taffy at break-1 point. British Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery’s counterattack sent the German forces into the longest and fastest retreat in military history.
Likewise Stalingrad. Hitler was so eager to take the city that bore the name of his enemy he ordered all-ahead-full and no retreat. That overreach! allowed the Soviet Red Army to slice through the German rear and surround the Germans ganged up at Stalingrad.
Their inevitable surrender was the turning point in World War II.
The tougher political consultants in the room would be yawning by now, but I’d beg one more moment of attention.
The forces of political correctness have themselves now overreached. Forget Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, the pro-endangered-spccics-but-anti-endangered-farmer crowd, the organized feminists, the open-border crowd, the anti-English-language crowd, the post-partum-depression-excuses-everything crowd, and the “Boy Scouts are bigots" crowd. The overwhelming majority of Americans know there's something wrong here, and they're not buying it.
Now it’s our turn. No more wimping around in hopes we can succeed in appearing a smidgen or two less wimpish than the liberals. Here's where we hit and hit hard.
Let our leader, our candidate, our president - whoever agrees to mount the charge - clear his throat, take a sip of water, lean into the microphone and say:
“Defeminize the military by noon tomorrow. Roll it all back to where it was before we lost our bearings - say, the Korean War; women into women's missions, men into men's missions.
“Repeal the Endangered Species Act and let the water flow instantaneously to
Congress adjourned just before Christmas leaving an economic stimulus bill in the hands of the Senate. Partisan spending interests in that body killed the bill, however, leaving the president without the jump start for the flagging economy that he sought I certainly supported the president’s efforts to pass tax relief this year, and it's unfortunate that the political climate in Washington prevented passage of even a very small tax cut. I only wish new spending measures were as contentious and difficult to pass through Congress!
It’s important to cut through the rhetoric surrounding the stimulus debate over the last few weeks. The only real and lasting way to stimulate the economy is to reduce
Oregon's parched farms and farmers.
“Murderers are unworthy of sympathy, even if their victims are their own children.
“Our borders will hereinafter be defended. Illegal crossers will be prosecuted, jailed, and then deported. A nation that cannot control its borders does not deserve the respect of those who cross those borders illegally. Meanwhile, we’ll work out an equitable guest-workers program modeled on the post-war European guest-workers programs, which, in turn, were all modeled on our own excellent Braccro Program initiated in 1943. before we lost our bearings and went temporarily insane.
“All policemen found guilty of exercising their personal bigotries resulting in the shooting of those of other races will be prosecuted ruthlessly with extra sentences applied because they’ve violated their public trust. All cops who obey professional guidelines, regardless of outcome, will be defended and possibly promoted even if they are white and the suspects they shoot are black or Hispanic.
“Mild, non-aggressive flirting will be relegalized among consenting adults, even in offices.
“We’re fortunate in America to speak the leading language of the world: English. By executive order, it will be our official language at noon tomorrow, just like the official language of Mexico is Spanish and the official language of Estonia is Estonian.
“All bilingual programs should be abandoned immediately. When you find a winner, you don’t need losers crowding the awards podium. Immersion into English is the proven winner. Let’s go with it.
“There’s no way to mandate it, but university professors who still have enough sense to teach are hereby urged to quit retreating baleful ly when the barbarian hordes start chanting, ’Hey, hey, ho, ho. Western civilization’s got to go!’ They are. instead, urged to point out respectfully that in all of God's history the only system that ever achieved within itself the capacity to eliminate its own evil is, precisely, that Western civilization.
“Black heavyweight champ Muhammed Ali was importuned by communists to denounce white imperialism after he won the gold medal at the 1960 Rome Olympics. He refused, saying, 'Man, if it wasn't for the white man we’d be living in grass huts fighting off alligators.' That's a little jarring even for those who mean to jar. but much history indicates Ali was botanical ly and zoologically correct!
“And, by the way; this country is going
the amount of money government takes out of the private economy. The only way to do this is by cutting taxes. When taxes are reduced on individuals, they have more money to spend, save, or invest. When taxes are reduced on companies, they have more money to hire new employees, increase wages, or pay dividends to investors. Since all economic growth depends on private capital, the goal of any economic stimulus plan must be to leave more private capital in the hands of investors. When too much American wealth is tied up in government coffers, investment and job growth suffer. This is exactly what we have seen over the past 18 months - the Treasury “surplus" touted by the last administration actually represents a tax overcharge that dragged the economy
straight back to merit while a few of us still remember what that word means. No more divvying up the spoils according to your skin color or ethnicity. Those most qualified will get the best jobs. The next most qualified will get the next best jobs. The unqualified will, forgive an old American expression, start at the bottom and work their way up. All we guarantee is that the means to acquire excellence will be coequal ly available to all.”
That’s what I want said.
And the motion would be thrown out, followed by me!
Why? Well, the political bean-counters would say, “Don’t recent elections prove that such talk is extremist and upsetting and, above all, certain to lose votes from voters who want things nice and moderate?"
Indeed, they do; but don’t forget that those recent elections are the ones with the 50 percent or less turnout!
What about those who don’t vote? The non-voting half of the country surely contains the ignorant, the apathetic, and those who wouldn't vote if you marched them to the polls at gunpoint That nonvoting half, however, also contains people who long ago despaired of hearing anything like a blanket repudiation of political correctness and would kick land mines out of their way to go vote for whoever enunciates that repudiation and knocks the political correctness tyrants all the way into the cheap seats.
It’s like a child’s view of religion; do the right thing and whatever you want will come showering down upon you from Heaven. The abnegation of political correctness is the right thing.
Whence cometh my help? Not from a few military ballots and hanging chads. Our help cometh from millions of heretofore uninspired voters once the piftata of political correctness is forcefully smashed.
We're not aiming, mind you. for a few forgonen pockets of unwooed voters. Our target is half the electorate. Do you hear me? half!
I'd urge the political consultants to quit looking at me as if I'm crazy and calculate what would happen if half of the non-voters came to the polls to reward us for having the courage to echo their own inner feelings. How about a third? A fifth, perhaps? George W. Bush would have won by an unambiguous and uncontested popular and electoral landslide if a fiftieth of those non-voters had answered the call.
The Republicans have fear. I have faith.
Mark Twain told us: “Fear knocked at the door. Faith answered.
“No one was there.”
down well before September 11th.
Fhese obvious economic realities are lost on most Washington politicians, who either fail to understand basic economics or choose to ignore the long-term harm they cause. Many in Congress fought to add billions in wasteful pork spending to the stimulus bill. Of course the lobbyists and the special interests love any new spending, because it “stimulates" certain industries and groups. It’s easy for politicians to point to the benefits of such spending; for example, a government contract certainly creates new jobs, right? The fallacy, of course, is that we never see the economic growth that would have been created if those tax dollars had never been sent to Washington in the first place.
(Sec “Not government's job." page 7)
“This plan — effective though it would be — will never be implemented. Democrats won't be interested, and Republicans don't have the guts."
Don’t let us keep it; we may spend our money unwisely
By U.S. Rep. Ron Paul
Tnu Straight Talk
2 The First Freedom January 2002	— Rethinking
Alabama, behind the Iron Curtain
Governor Don Siegelman, due to his brazenness9 is called “the Don." By Ellen Williams
President, The Alabama Coalition
I don’t think we’ve ever had a State Christinas Tree having engendered as much publicity as the one this year. I received this phone call the other night around 10:30 that “some citizens” from Dallas and Blount Counties were partying round the State Tree. My source also I stated that they carried Confederate flags! I The citizens involved transported their Christinas gifts for each other to the capitol and exchanged them by the state tree. The festivities included singing our traditional Christinas carols.
Strange thing, though: not a security guard (Capitol Gestapo) in sight - not one!
After leaving the capitol, the jolly group’s members were allegedly making their way to South Perry in order to serenade Alabama's chief executive. Rumor has it that strains of “Dixie” were heard outside the mansion that night.
Life’s never dull in the Heart of Dixie.
BACKGROUND The State Christmas Tree at the capitol in Montgomery, paid for with citizen tax dollars, was decorated in a flag motif this year: all U.S. flags. A very large 6V by 80* U.S. flag hung also from columns at the building’s main entrance.
Because the state tree was decorated
the revolution —
with flags, many citizens had called the governor’s office asking if our beautiful Alabama state flag, its red St. Andrew's cross on a pure white field, might be added to the tree’s decorations. Of course we got no response, just one asinine put-off from the governor’s aide: “We will add your complaints for next year!”
But then one of our stalwart Alabama gentlemen took an Alabama flag on a pole to the capitol and sat in his chair beside the State Christmas Tree holding its beauty flapping in the breeze. He held also a stack of leaflets explaining how Alabamians felt their state flag purposefully slighted, left off the state tree decorated completely in a flag theme this year.
Mr. Wyatt Willis of Prattville, Alabama, when told to leave the capitol landing where he sat by the state tree or be arrested.
did not budge. He was then handcuffed and taken to Montgomery Jail, remaining there four hours until a friend could get to the bank for his S250.00 bail money. The SS troops (Capitol Police) told Mr. Willis they were acting on direct orders from the governor (the same Don who is working with the director of the Alabama Historical Commission to eclipse history at the capitol, replacing its Confederate past with civil rights myths).
Just wanted y'all to know that the Heait of Dixie is now behind the Iron Curtain. A law-abiding citizen can no longer hold our state flag on the steps to the capitol.
Mr. Willis is the Sons of Confederate Veterans SWC Brigade Commander, state president of the Military Order of Stars and Bars, and South Alabama Director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative.
American media
“Corporations have more say than Bush on foreign affairs." An op-ed from Pravda is given here verbatim. Pravda, once the Big Lie, remember? flow times change!
By Bill White l|r
“94% of Americans support George Bush’s decision to bomb Afghanistan,” Washington’s main news radio station announced Sunday, as attacks began. “This is an unprecedented level of support - even during the Gulf campaign, only 74% of Americans supported military action. America is truly united.”
The report followed the release of a poll by CNN-USA Today-Gallup, stating that 30% of Americans blame the September 11 attack on U.S.-Israeli Policy, but 92% believe the U.S. should join forces with Israel in fighting it's war. But those reports were in stark contrast to polls that appeared outside of the U.S. media. A poll released by Reuters to the Israeli press showed that 58% of Americans believe that U.S. Israel policy was primarily responsible for the attack, and that a plurality of Americans -46% to 43% - believe that the U.S. should begin withdrawing from the Middle East and particularly reducing or cutting aid to Israel. That poll never made it onto Washington news radio.
It wasn't the only one.
Since the attack, Americans have been bombarded with the notion that it is their freedom and their democracy, and not its foreign policy and global empire, that the Muslim world hates. And while the Bush government has so far moved forward with quite a bit of moderation, the line of the American media has been one of infinite escalation - witl\lraq, with Syria, with all of Islam, and with the entire world.
Disinformation on Foreign Affairs
When the U.S. attempted to invoke the ANZUS treaty - a mutual defense treaty linking Australia, New Zealand and the United States - New Zealand repudiated the treaty and withdrew from the alliance,
Jhe First reedom
PO Box 385, SilveriuU, AL 36576 Email: homefree@guIftel.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Caperton, John Fender, Nick Jongebloed, Tim Meadows, Elwin Rozyskic, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams, Tony Wilson.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send S 12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S. (Bulk rates given at bottom of page 8.)
Seif-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit oewspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
Submissions will be carefblly edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
use disinformation to guide policy cnglish.pravda.ru/main/2001/10/ll/17799.himl
saying that unity with the United States’ government into kicking and screaming. inflame public passions and guide public
aggressive foreign policy was not in line with New Zealand’s obligation to provide for its people's sovereignty and security. The news never reached the American public. Instead, they only heard the refrain, “The entire world supports us.”
When the AP wire ran a story telling of tens of thousands of Greek soccer fans burning American and Israeli flags shortly after the September 11 attacks, it didn’t hit American newspapers’ front pages. And when the BBC reported that three-fifths of Greek “right-wingers” and three-quarters of Greek “left-wingers” opposed U.S. policy, that result never made it across the pond. Again there was only one refrain: “The entire world supports us.”
And when the strongest evidence of international dissatisfaction at the bombing of Afghanistan came forward - A Gallup poll showing that while the world's governments may be supporting the U.S. out of fear of American military power, in only three countries in the world - the USA, Israel and India - did the majority support the actions, there was silence. It wasn’t that the American media hadn’t heard it - it’s just that the news was suppressed.
It wasn’t the U.S. government’s line that the polls contradicted, and the polls weren’t suppressed by any government agency -they didn’t have to be. The major media -the radio stations, television stations, and newspapers - simply ignored the news by common consent. There was no need for the government to enact censorship - if the news contradicted the policy line that the media was pressuring the government to adopt, the media ignored the news. And this is because the quagmire of Afghanistan is an affair the media is dragging the
Despite the talk of “Big Oil,” “Big Tobacco,” “Big Pharmaceuticals” and the centralized, corporate control of America’s most powerful industries, there is little talk in the American mainstream of “Big Media,” and the role a handful of individuals have played in centralizing the control of American “free press” into their handful of hands. It has become almost impossible in the United States to pick up a newspaper or a magazine, turn on a radio, or watch a television station without being bombarded by a deliberately crafted and censored propaganda message of a minority that, despite not being elected into power, play the defining role in shaping what politicians and the American public believe about each other, and thus, by extension, the policies that those politicians and the American public adopt.
Foreigners to the United States are often surprised that American news is not directly censored and that the government does not pass laws that dictate what can and cannot be reported. This is because in most countries control of information is seen as the prerogative of the state. In contrast, in America, the press is supposed to be decentralized, like the government is supposed to be, and under the control of localities and individuals that reside in them. But like most American ideals, in the past century the ideal of decentralization and freedom has been betrayed and inverted. Now the American press is a centralized lobby, which plays in Washington with all the other lobbies for its piece of the government’s power, which it does not hesitate to use to push an agenda that is absolutely alien to the needs of America’s working people.
In America the press does little but
thought, while remarkably presenting “news” that just so happens to reinforce and justify its political line in every detail. The result is a symbiotic, rather than confrontational, relationship with the U.S. government. The media chooses policies it wants the government to enact, and it lavishes praise and builds the public profile of politicians that are willing to enact them. Politicians that don't are either attacked in the media during the next election, or even worse, totally denied access to all public exposure. If a politician were to say, for instance, that the U.S. should end aid to Israel, during the next election cycle the local branch of the national news conglomerates would publish articles in their district saying that the politician had failed his constituents on some other issue - maybe local agricultural subsidies-and that he was expected to lose and titattbe community was backing his opponent and all kinds of other nonsense that would appear to be unrelated, but in reality would be a payback for his refusal to play ball.
What this means is that a handful of wealthy men and women - Gerald Levin. Steven Case. Michael Eisner, Sumner Redstone, Rupert Murdoch. Peter Chemin, Andrew Lack, Johnathan Wolman, Michael Silverman, Donald Graham, Arthur Sulzberger, Joseph Lelyveld, Peter Kami Mortimer Zuckerman, Anthony Ridder. Douglas H. McCorkindale. Jeffrey Chandler, Frank Bennack and a few others (see chart below) - can effective!) come together and dictate policy to the government.
(Sorry, we don’t have space for that chart listing many familiar corporations nor the remaining two-thirds of Pravda’s report. See their website (above). -Ed.)
The scrooge who stole our First Amendment!
Friends of the Flag remind Dow it's time for different resolutions.
By Linda Sewell
Chm, Friends of the Flag
As usual, we Confederate Southerners were on the outside looking in, just as we are, in Mayor Scrooge’s Kingdom. The night of Dec. 20th, our Mayor Scrooge (Michael C. Dow) gave a party for his elite backers and the local media. This was achieved with some of our hard-earned tax dollars in the form of security and police. Ours was a civil, legal vigil across the street from his home, and we had several brave rebels in attendance who were not afraid to be seen standing on the streets of Mobile in defense of their Confederate heritage.
Immediately upon our arrival we were met by two plainclothes policemen eager to give us “instructions” for the event. The
two were not happy to be there and made no bones about telling us that it was our fault they had to pull night duty when they preferred to be home watching TV.
I think someone from our group told the two rogue cops we would prefer to be home as well, but our rights as Confederate Southerners needed defending as usual. Our instructions were: No talking out loud, no singing, no waving at nor speaking to his “elite” guests, or we would be arrested. If we stepped even slightly on the private property behind us, we would immediately be arrested. If we stepped on the grassy area in front of us (which was public right of way), we would immediately be arrested. Our “South Pole Santa” (no Yankee version for us) could not say “ho-ho-ho!” nor hand out the gifts he had brought, or he would be arrested. If we sang Christmas carols, we would be arrested. If we sang “Dixie,” we would be arrested.
The rogue cops told us they would be sitting in their vehicles watching, waiting to arrest us for the slightest “unlawful” conduct. They were quite eager to make an arrest. In other words, all of our First
Amendment rights were suspended for the duration of Mayor Scrooge's party - no free speech for rebels. Guests arrived, parked in front of us on the street, got out of their vehicles and stepped on the grass but were not arrested. They spoke to us but were not arrested. We briefly whispered to those addressing us that we couldn’t return their greetings for fear of arrest; it was only illegal if we rebels did these things. Heaven forbid, should one of Mayor Scrooge’s elite guests be arrested fordoing any of these “unlawful” things!!
I am sure that, since he had instigated all these new “laws” which, if we broke them, we faced arrest (scare tactics typical of our Gestapo mayor), this scrooge believed we would simply go away. We stayed in spite of him, stood our ground, w aved at passing vehicles, stayed off the grass, “spoke softly” and sang “Silent Night” softly to avoid arrest.
Mayor Scrooge proved once and for all that he truly hates our heritage, hates our culture, and means to illegally take away our constitutional rights of free speech in
January 2002 The First Freedom 3
To protest this Gestapo, go to www.petitiononline.com/wyatt/	SC&lttW&fl
The Don looking like a one-termer
While trying to raise everybody i taxes and sending contracts to his buddies without second bids9 he finds time to insult most of us.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
The week before Christinas, I received a disturbing call from the assistant director for the Alabama State Flag Initiative. Wyatt Willis of Prattville had been arrested for canying our state flag on the Alabama Capitol grounds in Montgomery. He and others had repeatedly contacted Governor Siegleman *s office to request that the large Christmas tree decorated only with federal flags have at least a few Alabama flags as well. After all, it is - our “state" capital!
None were added.
On one of his days off from work, Wyatt had decided to carry a chair up to the side of the Christmas tree, and sat there facing Dexter Avenue holding a state flag. He wanted visitors to the capitol to see what our Alabama state flag looked like. This did not sit well with Governor Siegleman, who ordered Mr. Willis arrested. Charged with disorderly conduct, Wyatt was jailed and later released on S250 bond. Friends are presently discussing the possibility of a lawsuit
Something is definitely wrong when those who worship only the idols of central government will not allow an Alabama citisen to carry a symbol of his sovereign state on its capitol grounds.
Dear Governor Siegelman: Nothing lo thank. You have earned it. Welcome to the Hall of Shame! |
This isn’t over. Governor Siegleman and the Capitol and Montgomery police owe Mr. Wyatt Willis an apology.
Decision time: Do Southern whites have civil rights?
Attorney Charles Yow of Bay St. Louis, MS explains this day's court maneuvering to Alabama Coalition President Ellen Williams, left, Jan and Tim Meadows, center. Kirk i#ons, with tie, is seen in background at far left See http^/www^ulftcLcom/homefree/49Jitm for more photos.
The New World Orderly 9s| Y2K+1 deadline, and all the windy done gone. Mediae rats no longer set the agenda.
By Olaf Childress
MOBILE - Patriot Tim Meadows, in court Dec. 17th for his preliminary hearing, stood silently as SLRC counsel Kirk Lyons told reporters afterwards:
“There are 10,000 good reasons why Tim Meadows had every right in the world to be in that Veterans Day parade with the Confederate battle flag.
“We merely set the stage today.
The actual trial is January 30th at 1:00 p.m., and I want a packed courtroom. We are turning the comer on all these heritage attacks and recapturing our culture. Let's not take any more of this sitting down."
Judge Wanda Rahman having granted their motion for pro hac vice, Kirk Lyons and Charles Yow will represent Tim Meadows in court. Also filed was a motion for a jury trial and another to dismiss. The Mobile Register reported the new trial date
erroneously as Jan. 29, but that’s merely to be expected. Note well: Tim Meadows' next hearing is actually scheduled for January 30th at 1:00 p.m. - in the same courthouse at 205 Government Street.
“Will Mr. Meadows claim injuries by his arrest?” asked that Register reporter.
“Absolutely!” shot back Mr. Lyons. “Excessive force was used. He is a house
painter, and, having had both wrists badly sprained by Mobile police, has not been able to work since”
Patriot Meadows, accompanied by his attractive young wife, then added: “If they can arrest me today for carrying the flag under which more Alabamians have died than all the others, if the media paint false pictures of this issue and think the First Amendment applies only to liberal propagandists, people need to think what those forces may do to them tomorrow.** “We’re tired of it, not taking any more! This watershed case in Alabama will be crucial to saving the South. Here in Mobile, they’ll try to stop the movement, and it’s here that we turn the tide!” said Kirk Lyons. “They will be scared of us now, seeing how much of a fight we bring together. They won’t try that again.” Maybe not But Mayor Dow's politically correct assault on one citizen for merely asserting his civil right to carry a battle flag was perhaps upstaged by Gov. Siegelman arresting another with the Alabama flag! Politicians note well: 2001 done gone. □
March Against Crime stands with state alliance
Lillian Jackson 9s March Against Crime joins the Alabama Coalition. By Olaf Childress
Noting last month's front-page defense of Southern heritage against continuing assaults from the Mobile Register (see Col. Nick Jongebloed’s laurel-winning story in our December issue), new March Against Crime (MAC) chairman “Citizen John” Burke vowed that his group’s fight against disinformation will only grow stronger. Better law enforcement, closer scrutiny of public officials, and increasing membership in his organization will be instrumental to MAC’S countering of political correctness, said Citizen John.
December’s MAC meeting heard Mrs. Ellen Williams, the Alabama Coalition president, tell of “the need for networking heritage groups together throughout the state in order to gain enough political clout to defeat this stranglehold which liberal newspapers have held for much too long over the good people of Alabama.” As an example, Mrs. Williams cited the bizarre case of Hank and Rose Sanders, a black duo from Selma who, she claims, have milked taxpayers of millions under media cover for years.
“Hank and Rose Sanders,” stated the Alabama Coalition president, “are two reasons there is proration in the Education Trust Fund. As chairman of the committee which appropriates a $4.7 billion budget supposedly for public education, state Senator Hank Sanders has helped divert more than two hundred million dollars from the Public Education Trust Fund to private museums, organizations, corporations and
other non-public education entities. That is why there is proration in the Educational Trust Fund, and why there must be no new taxes for education!
“How much money have attorney Rose Sanders' private corporations received from the public Educational Trust Fund?” asked Mrs. Williams. “It is difficult to say, because she and her partners have set up some 10 or 15 private corporations, but public information has her groups receiving from the Public Education Trust Fund:
■	Black Belt Human Resources (incorporated by Rose)	$	376,000.00
■	21st Century (incorporated by Rose)
$ 1,300,000.00
■	Voting Rights Museum (incorporated
by Rose)	$	880,000.00
■	McRae	Learning Center (incorporated
by Rose)	$	235,000.00
“If the City of Selma and Dallas County school systems had received the Public Educational Trust Fund money that Rose’s private corporations skimmed off,” said the Alabama Coalition president, “there would be no proration in the city or county systems. Taxpayers need to decide: Do you want the public schools to stay open, or do these millions keep going to Rose Sanders* private corporations?”
Mrs. Williams then listed 113 corporate recipients “under noble sounding names” which, if they serve the public interest, should apply for that $206,937,006.00 from the General Fund and stay out of the Educational Trust Fund.
Her presentation being more than warmly applauded, and with one announced candidate for state office plus a couple of other possibles in attendance, MAC voted
unanimously to join the Alabama Coalition. Book-signings by Mrs. Williams followed. (Her futuristic novel, Bedford, is placed in a small Alabama town.) MAC members also took home copies of the Alabama Defender, which she edits, to read up on preliminary political questions which the coalition will be presenting to candidates before the 2002 general election.
Citizen, you can be a part of this. To find out more about joining the Alabama Coalition, or receiving a copy of Bedford, call 334-246-9850. Self-government begins at home.
According to “Citizen John” Burke and the March Against Crime, November 2002 will not slide by as just another election. It’s high noon for Alabama's “to be or not to be.” Hamlet didn't hang in there, but this group and the Alabama Coalition intend to.
As for The First Freedom's opinion, that compatriot was right on the money who said we should probe all candidates with carefully selected queries; separating the sheep from the goats, but endorsing no particular individuals; which doesn ‘t mean we conceal such intelligence as discovered on each of them.
Every AlaReb might come up with a position-finding question for the typical office seeker. Here's one example:
Half the states empower citizens to initiate, referend or recall laws or officeholders. Alabama docs not. A model bill (www.gulftel.com/homefree/HB407.htm) proposed by Rep. Phil Crigler has been tabled in committees for lack of support during three recent legislative sessions. Will you a.) sponsor or h.) support such an Alabama right of referendum bill? □
a different slant on the news
Here** what was ignored or mis reported elsewhere
ROBERT E. LEE will not be “memory holed,” replied a school superintendent when repeatedly asked about rumors that R.E. Lee Elementary in Satsuma, Alabama would be renamed as another one of those sacrifices in America’s decline. However, the construction site for that school’s new annex across the street has put up a sign which reads: “Future site of Satsuma Elementary School.” Are they trying to slide another one by us? They knew about it, because there had to be some kind of vote amongst the powers that be, right? They may be lying to the people again.
FIRST AMENDMENT SURVIVES. When a French judge ordered Yahoo! to remove Nazi memorabilia from its site, claiming the American mega-server would be fined about $13,000 for each day of noncompliance, Yahoo naturally defended its interests. And, on Nov. 7th, U.S. District Judge Jeremy Fogel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Yahoo exempt from foreign censorship under the First Amendment. As France, that avant-garde of open-mindedness, now forbids display of “racist” materials, a once distinctive nation sinks even faster than Britain into faceless oblivion.
U.S. INMATE IS HONORARY PARISIAN. Paris recently declared former Black Panther Mumia Abu-Jamal, on death row for the 1981 murder of a police officer, an honorary' citizen of that city. Jean Vuillermoz, head of the city council's Communist Party faction, says this title is reserved for the few; no one having received it since Pablo Picasso in 1971. Counters self-described “racist” Bill Ebb: “What do you expect from people who eat snails?”
SOME STUDENTS ARE BANNED from wearing^the Confederate flag at Lawrence County High School even as others sport Malcolm X shirts. And there is a picture of Malcolm X hanging up in the Home Economics classroom! The Southern Legal Resources Center has warned the Moulton, Alabama school and is waiting for their reply, which determines the next step. The SLRC will travel to Lawrence County’s Board of Education meeting this month.
NEVER BID AGAINST YOURSELF. The fact is so obvious; yet where, except in The First Freedom, will it be remarked? Every time another freedom-robbing tally by “representatives” is counted, Bilderberg buys what it wants by one vote. No one overpays the U.S. House of 111 Repute, all whores being equally equipped; lobbyists court satisfaction at bottom price. They do not wish more public ire than need be. On Dec. 6, those world bankers got it by the usual near tie, 215-214, as H.R. 3005 gave “Free Trade of the Americas” (FTAA) fast-track powers to Emperor Bush II, engendering a son for Bush I’s NAFTA.
NEW POWERS OVER CITIZENS. To combat bioterrorism, federal health officials want state legislators to give state health officers controls proposed in their Model State Emergency Health Powers Act, which would be broad and sweeping, forcing citizens to submit to physical examinations, tests, quarantine and vaccinations against their will. Some states, including Minnesota, are already considering enactment in 2002.
“OUR FAVORITE ALLY.” According to insiders, over 100 Israelis, who federal investigators say are part of a long-running effort to spy on U.S. government officials, are among foreigners detained since the Sept. 11 terror attacks. A handful of them are described as military or intelligence operatives detained on immigration charges or under the new Patriot Anti-Terrorism Law. Federal investigators say some of them failed polygraph questions about alleged surveillance activities against, and in, the United States.
4 The First Freedom January 2002
— Mobile
Vigilance required anytime basic tenets of republic challenged
The Mobile City Council debate has turned into ugly charges from some black political and religious factions against new city council president Reggie Copeland, who happens to be white.
By Nick Jongebloed
This activity has been driven entirely by the prospects of grappling with racial and ideological plurality. The vocal supporters of black members on the city council charge racism, and offer as their proof that opponents of the present requirement (five of seven votes to pass any council action) "deadlock** the council and neutralize it as an effective voice for black representation within the city of Mobile. Some of these black protesters are religious ministers who charge white politics are inherently incommensurate with black rights. They go further: “I don't know which to fear more, the terrorist from outside or the terrorist from within.” Black counciImen assert that Copeland has "...a divisive Confederate agenda.” And these are only the mildest charges.
A solid debate over the voting rules in our Mobile City Council is a healthy sign of the vitality of the First Amendment to our constitution. For citizens' vigilance is required when one of the basic democratic tenets is challenged: that of majority rule. But this recent assault by black political and religious leaders, as well as the local newspaper’s editorial board including its political "comic strips author** ("Before we do away with Supermajority, do away with the sheet**), J.D. Crowe (see Mobile Register Op-Ed page, Dec. 7), is beyond the pale (no pun intended). Such rhetoric has been based so little on facts that a reading citizen is denied the true story behind this five-two rule for Mobile.
That city council makeup resulted from a referendum mandated by Alabama Act 85-229, the so called "Zoghby” bill, which required a special election held May 14, 1985 to determine whether Mobile would adopt the court-ordered district commission form of government in accordance with the consent decree (Bolden vs. City of Mobile, April 7, 1983) or a mayor-council form of government authorized by Act 85-229. The ballot read simply that the voter check one of two choices: Mayor-Council or District Commission. Since the word "Commission** had been demonized for years by civil rights factions (no black ever having been elected to one of the at-large commission posts), the mayor-council form received the majority of votes and was adopted. It required seven council members elected by district and a mayor voted at large.
However, buried in this 30-page law with 96 sections were these two sentences in Section 28: "The presence of five council members will constitute a quorum for the conduct of official business. The affirmative vote of at least five members of the council shall be sufficient for the passage of any resolution, by-law ordinance, or the transaction of any business of any sort by the said council or the exercise of any of the powers that hereafter be conferred upon it.** Those seemingly innocuous sentences are the legal basis for the so-called "supermajority rule.** In 1985, very few voters knew of their existence except for Senator Michael Figures and his supporters. There is speculation that even the bill's author. Rep. Mary Zoghby, did not know of this "affirmative vote** requirement. However, perhaps she did -since Councilman Fred Richardson has
If you received this issue as a free sample copy, and realize the urgency of getting a second opinion on what the establishment calls "news,** please subscribe. The First Freedom can’t survive and grow without you. Don’t have $12 to spare? Just pretend you are the government Spend it anyway!
written that Zoghby and Senator Ann Bedsole, both “Anglo-American females,” should "thank...the civil rights movement for opening the door which allowed them to enter the state legislature” (page 161, The Genesis and Exodus of NOW.)
In that same act, voters are given the right (Section 92) to change their minds after two years; a rare choice in a state that refuses to give its citizens the right of Initiative and Referendum. It permits the citizens to petition (Initiative) for another vote (Referendum) after two years, and vote for the District Commission form of
government. That is what has resulted in charges of "racism” from some black political and religious leaders, while others equate it to the attacks on Pearl Harbor and the World Trade Center (Mobile Register, 12-4-01). It would indeed eliminate the five-two rule which, since the city has been gerrymandered by race (three black, four white), does provide those three blacks, when voting as a bloc, veto power over any action except final adoption of the general fund budget (Section 51, requiring only "a majority vote”).
President Bush's nominee for the
Education Department's civil rights office. Gerald Reynolds, who is black, has it right: "Racial preference policies do not increase the productive capacity of their beneficiaries. This type of dependence is the antithesis of freedom. Unless blacks have the values and skills needed to acquire material benefits without government intervention, they will forever depend on the kindness of strangers.**
I hope this brief explanation will remove the "sheets” of deceit, dishonesty and fraud being promoted under cover of the charge, "racism.**

Getting to the short rows of this cotton patch
Dec. 11, 2001 - A citizen speaks to the recently elected city council
Good afternoon. My name is Ben George. My new address is 1511 Gloriadale Road, Mobile Alabama. That is (city council) President Copeland’s district.
1 thank you for allowing me to address the council. I respect your positions and your time and promise not to ask often for five minutes of it. My calculations show that 1 have attended 65 of the last 69 council meetings. I missed two to work in elections, and two because they were moved and I arrived at the wrong place. I have spoken to this council three times during this period. Then I was denied the right to speak three times because it was arbitrarily decided that the issue I was to address was closed. After that I have spoken often to some individual members and remain denied by others.
1 want you to know that there was a mountain of hope in this room when this new council took its seats, and most of that hope still resides here with us. But I see a real danger that you will be rid of that hope before you are rid of me, and that would be wrong.
1 see basically two large and serious problems in our town. The first is financial, the second cultural. The financial problem that exists is much larger than most people know. It will eventually be forced into the public eye when the necessary sacrifices are made. This council is well aware of it and I have great confidence you will deal with it without increasing the debt on our town's citizens.
Which brings me to the second problem. Fifteen months ago this body removed a certain symbol from our city seal against the wishes of two thirds of your constituents. This was done with the aid, advice, and agreement of the current mayor and against his word given publicly on two previous occasions. Partly as a result of this, two of the members of this council who went back on their word were defeated for reelection and our mayor lost the election in Mobile west of Florida Street.
Some say the uproar that followed the removal of a small symbol which includes a still ongoing economic boycott of this city, protests, election work, and antiannexation efforts was much ado about nothing. We feel that symbols are at the same time insignificant and all-important: the symbolism in a cross on a church, a Christmas tree, an American flag at the Trade Center in New York, a wedding band, a picture of your parents, or even the symbolism in a hug from a child to a father after a hard days work. 1 think you all know symbols are important to everyone. They are part of the forces that drive us to keep working toward our goals in life.
I want you to know that the removal of the flag from our seal was a mistake if only because it was against the wishes of the citizens. Part of the reason 1 sit here week after week is to be a reminder of that mistake. I sit here also to remind you that a culture of Southern heritage has been under attack since that symbol was voted down with such pomp and pretense. The mayor said at the vote to remove it that he would make changes only through attrition and now he has bought small stickers of the
Third National flag and is allowing them to be placed over the old. This is against his word. The Tricentennial Commission has neglected to place our Southern flag on its accessories though it had the time. They also refuse to place Southern heritage events on their calender. The mayor with city funds provided the names of eight thousand eight hundred citizens who signed our petitions to a private organization-which considers them all potential racists. They have computer banked and forwarded them to the U.S. Justice Department. Imagine my fifteen year old son running for office or applying for a government job requiring security clearance and popping up on what in the future may be called a hate crimes list. This is a pending class action suit against the city of Mobile. Phone messages to some of the mayor's staff are never returned. Information requested under Alabama State Law is not provided, as it has been ordered that all requests go through his attorney. And, just lately, our mayor had a man arrested for carrying a rebel flag in public. 1 remind you that the same officers who arrested him (and apologized for it) had that flag on their patches, their cars, and it sits over you today. I would like to ask when that plaque will be replaced through attrition. Let me say here that most administration officials have been polite, helpful, and even sympathetic with our requests. The problem comes from the head.
I want you to know a few things. One, we do not seek confrontation. We seek to secure this part of our heritage in Mobile, that is all. Two, we have kept ourselves in a position to work this out, but that will not last long. Three, we ask that you, as a council, request that the mayor sit down with us and work this out through dialogue. I am convinced we can do this, with the will to, and a small amount of his time.
I would like to read from a book written by a man sitting with you on this council today. 1 must say I have doubts that Mr. Richardson actually wrote The Exodus and Genesis of NOW because 1 have read it and nowhere does it say "street by street, beat by beat.** But here I go, and I quote, "I have nothing to hide about my role in changing society so as to make it accommodate all people regardless of age, sex, color, national origin, birth, race, or whatever. Government was instituted for the safety and welfare of all. None should be denied.” These are good words, and I agree. 1 think we would do well to read them before each meeting.
But be careful. You can not ask for tolerance unless you are prepared to give back tolerance. You can not speak of inclusiveness unless you are inclusive of all. You can not speak of our historic downtown when you work to exclude part of that history. You can not speak of racial harmony to visitors from Nigeria, and then call the idea of a democratic voting majority on this council racist You should not mention our diverse community while ignoring the pleas of a specific part of it. Do not speak of our freedom of speech while you arrest us for exercising it You can not allow our mayor to carry Christmas gifts to Cuban Communists while he refuses to even talk to us. You can not invite others in west Mobile to join us while they observe
this kind of behavior. And I am sorry to say that you will not show our town to the nation favorably next year during the Tricentennial unless we are included.
Heritage supporters have done too much to mention in Mobile during the last fifteen months. But the thing I am proudest of is that we have kept our eyes on the prize. We have kept ourselves in a position to work this out through a dialogue with the mayor. I am here today to ask for your agreement in this. I am here to tell you that time to get it done with civil dialogue is nearly over. We will soon be left with only civil actions. I plead that you keep hope alive, and here with us in this room, as the story of our city goes forward. We are asking, in the words of that famous author, Frederick Douglas Richardson, Jr., that whatever their origins, you seek to accommodate all the people in our city.
Thank You and Have a Dixie Day.
Ben F. George, Jr., Founder, Linda Sewell, Chairman
and members
Friends of the Flag
Deo vindice!
Dr. George, your promising elected censors to write nothing at this time for The First Freedom has forced us to filch this speech. For the record, the evening you troopers stood across from Dictator Dinky’s singing Silent Night I in near silence (because fearing arrest) was one of the colder ones around here
Where is this line of intolerance drawn?
(Continued from page 2) order to demonstrate his capacity for that intolerance. He showed what a truly little man he has become, simply to prove he is "politically correct”
Some questions, Mayor Scrooge: If carolers from that neighborhood had been moving down the street singing Christmas songs during your party, would you have had them arrested, too? Would you stop a man from walking down the street wearing a Confederate flag pin on his jacket or a lady with Confederate flag earrings? Might you have turned away your guests, had them arrested, if they had arrived wearing Confederate ties, pins, earrings, tie clasps, etc.? In other words. Mayor Scrooge, at which point exactly, do you draw this line of intolerance? Where does your hatred of Southerners end?
My message to you, Mayor Scrooge, is that we will not go away, we will not forget our ancestors, nor our heritage, and we will not allow the City of Mobile to ignore us while honoring all other cultures and heritages.
To everyone else, we wish a Dixie New Year.	0
— Alabama
January 2002 The First Freedom 5
Time to gather at the state capital, patriots?
9Twas but days before Christmas as, round the State Tree| no Bama flag wanted by His Majesty; when, out on the lawn, there arrived that banner - Siege/man's Gestapo jailed the whole matter.
By Joseph Wyatt Willis
I have been made to feel a lesser person for being an Alabamian. Two weeks earlier I had called the governor's office to ask that they display some Alabama flags on our State Christmas tree. This tree was decorated with only U.S. flags, top to bottom. The front of our Alabama Capitol was covered with a large U.S. flag. Inside" our capital, we had decorations with only UvS. flags. After talking with .Emily-Landers, 1 felt hopeless about getting any Alabama flags on our tree, or at the front of our capital.
Being off work on December 17th, I decided to spend the day at our capital holding an Alabama flag so those visiting could see what it looks like at the front of* our capital.
Arriving around 7:05 am and taking my chair up to the area where the Christmas tree stood, I went to the far left side of the tree and sat down holding my Alabama
flag facing Dexter, as the wind blew briskly across the front of the capital.
The first person I spoke with was a Mr. Missildine, maintenance supervisor for the capital. As we talked, it turned out I knew some of his kin from Billingsley, Alabama, my home town. He was quite cordial as we bid each other goodbye. A few, very few, people came up the capital steps, some speaking, and I returning their greetings. A while passed, and then came two capital police to greet me. We talked about the weather, our Alabama flag, why I was there, where we went to church, etc. Their names were, I believe, Lee Brothers and John Sanders. And then we greeted each other farewell.
Some few minutes after 9:00 am a school bus pulled up, offloading children, for which I was glad because it looked like my trip might be worthwhile if they and their teachers could see what our state flag looks like. As they came up the steps and gathered round the front of the capital, a voice from behind me asked who I was. I told him. He asked where I lived, and I said Prattville. Turning around, I then saw his name was Callahan. He wanted to know what 1 was doing there. I explained that I was off work that day and had come over as an Alabamian to hold an Alabama flag so
people could see what one looks like since none were in front of the capital or on the Christmas tree. He said that I had to get my flag, chair and other things and move down to the street on the sidewalk, I could not stay there; that Governor Siegelman had told them to arrest me if I did not. I then asked hinj> “arrest me for what?” He said, for disorderly conduct. I told him that 1 was not being disorderly; I was an Alabamian standing here holding an Alabama flag. ’
He said that I had two seconds to get moving, or did I want to be handcuffed in front of those school children and made a fool of? I told him I was just going to stand there and fly my Alabama flag.
Whereupon he proceeded to handcuff me; and 1 was crying, out of sadness at being an Alabamian arrested for holding an Alabama flag in front of our state capital. At his patrol car in the circle drive, he had me wait awhile for some reason, where he guessed he ought to be thankful because it was people like me that provided him a job. I was taken to the Capitol Police HQs and seated into an office chair. 1 think that a McClammy, whom I took to be the big Cheese, came into the room and started telling how they could not allow me to have a flag and protest at the front of the capital because that would bring every

y
any fUb's hot amuam a ol potion i Fb hot, & hotter*n hottest L One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce $9.00 + $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397
PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
KICK, League of the South and all the rest up there with their Confederate flags. I told him I was not KICK nor protesting and that 1 did not have a Confederate flag; it was an Alabama flag. And I told him that I had been there at the capital many times with Alabama and other flags but was never arrested! At that he left the room and they got me ready to go to the county jail. 1 was taken to the Montgomery County Jail and processed, fingerprinted, photographed and made to deposit clothes and other items. Allowed a phone call, I asked a friend, Mr. Willis Cox, to post $250.00 bond and was released after 1:00 pm. □
THE CONFEDERATE SHOPPE
"One Has An Obligation to Seek The Truth"
WILLIAM G. MORI 928 Delcris Drive Birmingham. Alabama. C.S.A.. 35226
TEL: (205) 942-6978 / FAX: (205) 942-7881 E-MAIL: confederate@wwisp.com INTERNET: www.pointsouth.com/c-shoppe.htm
Resolved:.Shall citizens declare Alabama sovereign among states?
EXCLUSIVE TO THE FIRST FREEDOM
This proposed Amendment to the Alabama Constitution is here published by The First Freedom to receive reader responses both pro and con. If the author is persuaded then to run for state legislator on the Libertarian ticket and elected, he will work to put this on the ballot so Alabama voters can decide. No incumbent has seen the proposal before now.
By Bob Taylor
STATE OF ALABAMA SOVEREIGN AUTHORITY AMENDMENT
Section 1. The sovereign State of Alabama specifically reserves the right to interpose its sovereign authority between acts of the federal government and the liberties, property, and interest of the Citizens and inhabitants of this State, thereby nullifying federal acts judged by this state to be an unwarranted infringement upon the reserved rights of this state and the people thereof.
Section 2. State nullification of a federal act must be accomplished by the legislature of this State.
Section 3.| nullification, all federal authority! enumerated and nullified act(s) shall be suspended.
Section 4. No officer, employee, elected official, agent, or any branch of the federal government may harass, intimidate, commit fraud, extortion, or otherwise threaten the sovereign State of Alabama, or its Citizens and inhabitants thereof for exercising their rights under this amendment. No federal officer, employee, elected official, agent, or branch of the federal government shall attempt to influence or use his office to attempt to influence the deliberations of the People regarding the nullification of a federal act, or the acceptance or rejection of a nullified federal act.
Section 5. Any United States military officer, non-commissioned officer, or other federal officer, employee, elected official, or agent who carries out or attempts to carry out any order by a federal official or agent to deny or hinder the citizens or inhabitants of this sovereign State of the union from exercising their rights under this amendment shall be subject to the laws of this State and may be tried accordingly. Jurisdiction in such cases is specifically denied to all federal courts, military courts, or any institution other than the courts of this State.
Section 6. The governments and the People of these united States of America approved the principal that any people have a right to abolish the existing
government and form a new one that suits them better. This principle illustrates the American idea that government rest on the consent of the governed, and that it is the right of the People to alter or abolish it at will whenever it becomes destructive of the ends for which it was established. Therefore, the right of a sovereign state to secede peacefully from the union created by the compact of the Constitution is hereby reserved to this State.
Section 7. An act of secession shall be executed by a convention of the People of this State.
Section 8. Re-admission of this State shall follow the same constitutional requirements as for any state.
Section 9. No federal officer, employee, elected official, agent, or branch of the federal government shall attempt to influence the decision of the People of the sovereign State of Alabama regarding their decision to secede from or join the union.
Section 10. The duty of the People to exercise their inalienable right to govern themselves, a right that existed before the formation of the federal government, or the State of Alabama, nothing in this amendment shall be interpreted in such manner as to deem the federal government or the government of the State of Alabama as to be the donor of the rights exercised
by the People of the sovereign state of Alabama.
Bob Taylor is chairman of the Mobile County Chapter. League of the South. Ready to join? He may be contacted by email at BobTayl23@aol.com
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Wcogufka, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
Cash Loans Pawn* Buy Sell • Trade
Knives *Anno* Bam per Stickers •Beverages1 Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner—CapeCSA@aoLcom Treasurer. Alabama League of the South
TIRED OF IT
On the latest Internet drive to get US out of the “u.n.” your editor's remarks are at entry number 3,982; just another of many, many petitions ignored by our "representatives.” This one is but started and shows over 4,000 signatures. It's at http://www.petitiononline.com/glg/pe-tition-sign.html - and waiting for you.
Then there's the appeal to Mobile's Mayor Dow, asking for less bigotry, at http://www.petitiononline.com/865823 bb/petition.html (drop him a line, too).
'• u-"p"“8L°l‘n“‘1Lf Media which trashed Wallace now peddling only trash
Advertise your business in The First Freedom Somebody had to put out this newspaper, and it’s our pleasure doing what’s right. But we could use just a little more help.
And now here's what we think of that recent Birmingham Phews cartoon trashing our Confederate flag. Oh, do they ever wish!
Everybody's browbeaten to love “diversity,” but not the bringers of such diverse views as states9 rights. By Lloyd A. Caperton With all the talk about terrorism lately, and how it has affected everyone, I think back on another act of terrorism, one against the Southern people which occurred when I was a childi -It was not a bombing, but an assassination attempt: on a lone individual, Alabama's Governor George Wallace.
As 1 listened often to Wallace's speeches on TV, at ten years of age I couldn’t understand all he was talking about; but felt he was standing up for the Southern people, their heritage and values. I knew this represented people like me. He spoke of those who wanted to do away with our heritage and culture. I saw there were many who hated him for this stand. Earlier, he had snubbed his
nose at federal authority by taking the U.S. flag down from our state capitol dome and replacing it with the battle flag. I knew that he was running for president with a Confederate style platform, and remember wishing myself a bit older so I could do something to help.
My grammar school teacher used to read the Bible every morning to students before class. Then she told us she could do this no more; new laws having been passed by bad people, and reading the Bible would get her in trouble now. These were some of the people we had heard Wallace warn about.
The terrorist act I cannot forget is when George Wallace was shot by the young liberal radical, Arthur Bremmer, in Laurel, Maryland. I will always remember that, because it affected me personally and directly as a Alabamian and Southerner, that our greatest statesman of the Southland had been shot. There was no one who could take his place in the fight for our heritage and country. It was as if we had all been attacked.
In later years, we have read and seen
material suggesting Wallace may not have been the person he claimed to be. However, I prefer to remember the defiant George Wallace of my childhood - who stood against what we would later call the New World Order, and made us all proud to be Southrons and Alabamians, instead of the Wallace I remember as an adult who was disabled, drugged, on pain medication and browbeaten into an apology for his former stand. Had he not been shot, I don't believe Wallace would later have apologised for his actions. He might have even become president and turned things around; and the South, and the United States today, might be a totally different place. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
The Patriot Act reveals a stunning Catch-22. Giving to any organization which funds a known terrorist or terrorist support group, even without knowledge of the fact, is now a crime. Thus, since the Taliban, to which the U.S. Government has given billions, is listed as terrorist, the Feds are - by their own definition - criminals.
- Mike Crane, www.spofga.org
6 Th* First Freedom January 2002	— This what you want, Alabama? —
Mexican Attorney General releases Zionist terrorists back to Israel
An astounding but true story, from the fallen state of California. Wake up, Alabama! or you 're next
Army general and head of the PGR releases two Israelis arrested with guns and explosives inside the Mexican Congress
By Ernesto Cienfiiegos
La Vox de Art Ian
Los Angeles, Alta California (ACN) -Oct 15,2001 - In a mind-blowing development. La Voz de Aztlan has learned that Mexican Army General Rafael Marcial Macedo de la Concha, who heads the Procuraduria General de la Republica (Mexican Department of Justice) has released the retired Israeli Defense Forces colonel and presumed MOSSAD agent Salvador Guersson Smecke and Israeli illegal immigrant Saur Ben Zvi after both had penetrated the security of the Mexican Congress and were in possession of guns, hand grenades and explosives.
This morning' La Voz de Aztlan had a personal telephone interview with the Mexican Congressional Press Secretary, Lie. Adriana Lopez, and verified the arrest of the two Israelis after they had entered through the highly secured front entrance of the Palacio Legislative de San LAzaro. She stated to La Voz de Aztlan that the two terrorists had taken advantage of a situation that occurred around 1700 hours of Wednesday, October 10th when a large contingent of Sugar Industry Unionists were entering through the metal detectors. The two Israelis followed about 50 of the unionists to the office of the President of the Mexican Congress Beatriz Paredes. The two Israelis were first pretending to be press photographers but called the attention of the sugar unionists because of their nervous and out of the ordinary behavior.
t About ten of the unionists confronted them and observed that they were carrying guns and what looked to them to be explosives. They held the two Israelis until Official Congressional Security personnel took them into custody. The head of Congressional Security Salvador Alarcdn verified that the Israelis had in their possession nine hand grenades, sticks of dynamite, detonators, wiring and two 9mm “dock” automatics.
Mexican Congressional Press Secretary Lie.
Adriana Lopez informed La Voz de Aztlan in the telephone interview that Congressional Security j then turned the terrorists Salvador Guersson Smecke, age 34, and Saur Ben Zvi, age 27, over to the Procuraduria General de la Republica (Mexican Department of Justice) which is headed by Mexican Army General Rafael Marcial Macedo de la Concha. Initial | reports by the Procuraduria General de la Republica (PGR) were that both Israelis worked for a private security agency and| that they both had gun permits. It turned out that there is no connection of either suspect to any private security agency. The PGR has released the retired Israeli I.D.F. colonel with the official explanation that he had a legal permit to carry a gun. They also released the illegal Israeli immigrant on about $4000 bail and the case was turned over to the Mexican immigration authorities. Mexican Congressional Press Secretary Lie. Adriana Lopez was surprised to hear from La Voz de Aztlan of the release of the two Israelis.
La Voz de Aztlan has also learned that the Israeli Embassy used heavy-handed measures to have the two Israelis released. Very high level emergency meetings took
place between Mexican Secretary of Foreign Relations Jorge Gutman, General Macedo de la Concha and a top Ariel Sharon envoy who flew to Mexico City specially for that purpose. Elias Luf of the Israeli Embassy worked night and day, and their official spokeswoman, Hila Engel hart, went into high gear after many hours of
complete silence. What went on during those high-level meetings no ones knows, but many in Mexico are in disbelief at their release. Guns and any kind of explosives are quite illegal for Mexican citizens, and the fact that these two Israelis had them inside the Mexican Congress makes their release highly suspect. What is really going on? Jorge Gutman, the Mexican Foreign Secretary, has very strong Zionist connections and himself is of Jewish descent Mexican Army General Macedo de la Concha has strong connections to the U.S. Military-Industrial Complex, and through these to the Israeli Defense Forces. Has any of this influenced the decision to release the two Zionist terrorists?
The initial arrests of the two Israelis inside the Palacio Legislativo de San LAzaro made top news on Mexico City television and radio on the evening of October 10. TV
Azteca had extensive coverage on the first night and on the following day. La Cronica de Hoy Newspaper and El Universal Newspaper both covered the incident the following two days, but now it seems that there is a lack of reports. The PGR has a Press Bulletin on their official website at http://www.pgr.gob.mx/cmsocial/bo 101 /oct/b69701.htm! but they have made no updates. No U.S. media has made any mention, none that we know of, except one by USAJewish.com this Sunday at: http://www.usajewish.co m/scripts/usaj/paper/Article .asp? Artie 1c I D= 1307 Pravda of Moscow has noted the initial La Voz de Aztlan report: http://eng-lish.pravda.ru/main/2001/I
0/13/17982.html What were the Israelis up to? We think we know. The Vicente Fox government has been very careful of involving Mexico in a war against Islam. The Mexican population as well as the two major opposition political parties, the PR! and the PRD will not allow it President Bush and the U.S. Zionists want Mexico fully involved in the war principally becq^ise if things get tough in the middle east and the oil rich Arabs leave the coalition, the U.S. military machine is going to need alternate sources of oil and PEMEX is just across the border. We believe that the two Zionist terrorists were going to blow up the Mexican Congress. The second phase was to mobilize both the Mexican and U.S. press to blame Osama bin Laden. Most likely then Mexico would declare war on Afghanistan as well, commit troops and all the oil it could spare to combat Islamic terrorism.
Wc would be skeptical of this report alone; but, with others this issue, “our favorite ally" loses face. -Ed.
Bama to keep sovereignty, and if Senor Bush doesn’t like it, he can leave
High-profile CBS News veteran called “traitor”
Juan Hernandez, appointed by Fox as special liaison to Mexicans abroad, lobbies to get U.S. driver's licenses issued to illegal aliens and defends the Mexican government's issuance of desert survival kits to those sneaking across the border. On ABC’s Nightline on June 7. he boasted: “We are betting that the Mexican-American population in the United States ... will think Mexico first”
The question we should ask our Mexican immigrant friends is, are you assimilating or invading?
The book's pending release caused a desperate scramble among media players trying to leam its content.
Washington Post media critic Howard Kurtz prepared a summary based on transcripts for early runs.
Expanding on a pair of op-ed columns penned for the Wall Street Journal, Goldberg goes 223 pages on his personal war story from the newsroom battlefront.
Anchorman Rather is described as being in a “state of fury” at Goldberg's current fell-all. -	□
While there is no evidence that the 9-11 terrorists entered over the Mexican border, the trial in El Paso of an Iraqi smuggler produced evidence that he alone brought more than 1,000 Middle East illegals into the United States via that route, charging his clients $10,000 to $15,000 each.
By Phyllis Schlafly
www.eafleforuB.orf
Border Patrol agents have confirmed the increase in illegal aliens coming from the Middle East across our southern border and the fact that Arabs pay up to $50,000 each for a “coyote” to smuggle them into the United States.
In Chicago on July 27, 1997, then Mexican President Ernesto Zedilla told the National Council of LaRaza, “I have proudly affirmed that the Mexican nation extends beyond the territory enclosed by its borders.” He announced a Mexican constitutional amendment that purports to allow Mexicans to retain their Mexican nationality even though they become U.S. citizens (which is contrary to the U.S. naturalization oath). When President Vicente Fox came to the United States, he reiterated this line, proclaiming that “the Mexican nation extends beyond the territory enclosed by its borders” and includes migrants living in the United States. He called for open borders and endorsed Mexico’s new dual citizenship law.
Some Mexicans use the term “reconquista,” which is Spanish for reconquest, to describe their desire to see California, New Mexico, Arizona and Texas acquired by Mexico and named the new country of Aztlan. They are teaching their youth that the United States “stole”
those areas from Mexico and that they should be “returned.”
Mexicans obviously have no thought of invading the Southwest with troops, so their hope is reconquista by migration, both legal and illegal. According to Mario Obledo, founder of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, “California is going to be a Hispanic state and anyone who doesn't like it should leave."
An amnesty rally in the Los Angeles Sports Arena on June 10, 2000 attracted
In the first defection of its kind, a 28-year veteran of CBS News has written a tell-all which names names and exposes elite media bias and slanted coverage of events.
When the Drudge Report first obtained a copy of Bias, a CBS insider exposes how the media distort the news, “Bernie Goldberg is a G-ddamn traitor,” a CBS News executive disclaimed. The explosive new work by CBS News veteran Bernard Goldberg which is being released this month presents an unprecedented blueprint of media bias as documented by an insider.
Los Angeles (The Guardian) - The chairman of the Jewish Defense League and another member of the organization have been arrested for conspiring to blov^ up the main mosque in Los Angeles, the FBI said recently. They are also accused of planning to carry out bomb attacks on a U.S. congressman of Arab origin and on the Los Angeles office of the Muslim Public Affairs Council.
Irv Rubin, 56, chairman of the defense
25,000 people. In demanding amnesty for illegal Mexican aliens, the speakers proudly announced the names of at least a dozen unions in Los Angeles that are now headed by Mexicans. Vicente Fox presented Mexico’s Congress with a five-year development plan to eliminate the U.S.-Mexican border. He said he plans to serve “the 100 million Mexicans who now live in Mexico and the more than 18 million who live abroad,” and to “strengthen our ability to protect and defend the rights of all Mexicans abroad.”
“The book is trash written by a bitter man who is now determined to settle a score,” said his former colleague.
Writing that he's never voted for a Republican for elected office, Goldberg exposes the bias he witnessed first hand during the nearly three decades he spent at the network.
Goldberg zeros in on CBS News anchor Dan Rather and CBSits News President Andrew Heyward, who is quoted as saying: “Look Bernie, of course there's a liberal bias in the news. All the networks tilt left."
league, and a fellow-member, Earl Krugel, 59, were anested at their homes in the city early in the morning after a tip-off from someone who was originally involved in the plot, the FBI said. According to the informant, the bombs were planned as a “wake-up call” for Arabs.
The league is a small extremist group that was started by the late Rabbi Meir Kahane, who campaigned for the expulsion of all Arabs from Israel. He was killed in 1990 by an Egyptian-born Muslim.
John Gordon, a federal attorney, said
that enough bomb materials had been found at Mr Krugel*s home for the attacks alleged to have been planned against the King Fahd Mosque and the Muslim Public Affairs Council in Los Angeles.
The two men are also charged with plotting against a Republican congressman, Darrell Issa, who is the grandson of Lebanese immigrants.
Gel the whole truth via your World Wide Web www.gulftel .com/homefrec/ www.shucks.ncl __________www.southcmc	auc us.org
FBI arrests Jewish leader over California bomb plot
By Duncan Campbell
www.guardian.co.uk/
January 2002 The First Freedom 7
NO PROBLEM We had a good time and success in our Veterans Day parade here in Wichita. I hear too that the “Confederates” won first place with their float complete with the Confederate battle flags in the Fort Leavenworth, Kansas Veterans Day parade. There were probably many Confederate battle flags displayed and carried in parades thruout America without any problem, except in Mobile. Regards,
CHARLEY WILSON Wichita, KS
CONFEDERATE The Mayor of Mobile had his roots spayed and neutered and he wants to do the same with yours - but: our Southern roots are in these flags. So don't get de-rooted.
JOE M. MILLER Conway, AR
BRAINWASHING Computers in the schools are a waste; books, pens and paper were better. I sec nobody teaching penmanship. Some might say that's going back, but it'd be moving forward. Right now all everybody does is sit in front of a computer terminal. It is all in the ability to sell. If I could prove books are more productive than computers, all might change, but that's like taking candy from a baby. Schools and society class some as smart, others mediocre. And “special”
JCetters...
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief * and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
means to have a disability. Thus, doctors are helping put kids and grownups into categories, some exposed to learning and others not Korea introduced brainwashing. How do we get them unbrainwashed?
BEVERLY JO JONES Sara! and
(Those computers waste much money which could be spent teaching the basics. Anybody who learns enough in school to get a job might then buy his own. -Ed.|
RUN FOR IT
In re: Grant Noble's essay, “The Most Powerful Office in the World.” Interesting, but I don’t agree with his conclusion. The chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank is most powerful man in the U.S., maybe the world. Changing the economy at a whim, nobody second guesses him. He controls the amount of money in circulation and the value of that money, i.e., interest rates. He doesn't mind which party is in office, they better not step on his toes. Was it Mellon who said, “Give me control of the U.S. economy and I don't care who makes the laws!” or words to that effect?
TOM SMITH Fairhope
| You are right. But none of the S00 conservatives receiving that email can run for chairman of the Fed, whereas, if
one of them now runs for party precinct chairman, my aim is accomplished. —Ed.|
AMERICA, WAKE UP!
As a people of spiritual faith break their chains with courage to attain liberty, then abundance - soon selfishness, complacency and apathy will follow, finally degeneration back into bondage: where the clock stops. Wake up, America, this nation started with a fear of God! Be not a slave to that electric toilet, TV. Such “news” is controlled by world bankers out to dumb you down. Go to http://www.AmericanFreedomNews.com (also shortwave 5.070 M-F 8-9 PM Central). Other online sites bringing you the truth:
■	http://www.NewsMax.com
■	http://www.WorldNetDaily.com
■	http://www.AmericanPatrol.com
■	http://www.AlM.org
■	http://www.ConspiracyWorld.com The Mobile Register refused to print the above. They don’t want the truth to get out.
BILL ADAMS Mobile
[We’re always glad to help them. -Ed.)
BACKUP I'll keep you and your work for God and country in my prayers.
HELEN BROOKS Mobile
Israeli Government knew about attacks in advance
New evidence shows that Israel knew in advance about the 9-11 terror attack and treacherously did not warn America. In response to the following, European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) National President David Duke is calling for the indictment of Ariel Sharon as an accessory to terrorism and murder, and an immediate halt to American monetary and military support of Israel.
By David Duke
http://www.da vftddu ke.com/
Fox News broke the story on Dec. 12 that the FBI had arrested 60 Israelis for spying on the United States, Terrorism Task Force investigators having linked them to the September 11 attacks on the United States. They report that evidence indicates high-level Israeli operatives (and thus Israel's Government) had advance knowledge of the September 11 attack and did not inform the American Government, thus permitting mass death and destruction on September 11.
Here is the quote from Fox News, Dec.
12,2001:
WASHINGTON - Some 60 Israelis, who federal investigators have said are part of a long-running effort to spy on American government officials, are among the hundreds of foreigners detained since the Sept. 11 terror attacks. Fox News has learned.
The Israelis, a handful of whom are described as active Israeli military or intelligence operatives, have been detained on immigration charges or under the new Patriot Anti-Terrorism Law. Federal investigators said some of them failed polygraph questions inquiring about alleged surveillance activities against and in the United States.
There is no indication the Israelis were involved in the Sept. 11 attacks, but investigators suspect they may have gathered intelligence about the attacks in advance and not shared fit
A highly placed investigator told Fox News there are “tie-ins,” but when asked for details flatly refused to describe them. “Evidence linking these Israelis to 9-11 is classified, 1 cannot tell you about evidence that has been gathered. It is classified information,” the source said..,
As I said in my recent article entitled “How Israeli Terrorism and American Treason Caused the September Attacks!” there is already powerful evidence that the Israeli Government knew about the attacks in advance and purposefully did not inform American officials. The reason is that they wanted this horrendous “Arab” act of terrorism against America to happen so as to help Israel in their current struggle with the Palestinians.
The New York Times confirmed that the :130 Israeli casualties claimed by President Bush were false. Incredibly, only one Israeli actually died in the WTC, a figure that is so fantastically low it proves that some Israelis were warned in advance. The Washington Post's Newsbytes also confirmed that Israeli employees in the WTC, through Odigo instant messages, got prior warnings two hours before the attacks!
The fact that Israel knew about this attack in advance and warned Israeli nationals, but not the American people, has to be one of the most treacherous
acts in the history of America. The fact that Israel purposely allowed the attack to go on makes Israel complicit in the deaths of 4000 Americans.
We are asking that President Bush work with world leaders to issue an international condemnation of Israel and immediately cut off all United States monetary and military aid to Israel. In addition, we are calling on President Bush to charge Ariel Sharon and the leaders of the Israeli Mossad. as accessories to terrorism and murder.
“JEWISH SUPREMACISM: My awakening on the Jewish Question.** David Duke's timely new book was released as an e-book November 30, 2001. This English version of the book, being translated into a dozen languages, is already a best-seller in Russia - even selling in the halls of the Duma (the Russian Parliament.) Jewish Supremacism is available as an e-book in Adobe Acrobat PDF format or Microsoft E-book. To look at Jewish Supremacism. visit: Pre-Order David Duke's new book, “Jewish Supremacism.** www.duke.org/supremacism/
GOOD STUFF
The December issue was interesting and very informative. I read the entire issue. Keep up the good work.
JEFF VAUGHN Mobile
Not government’s job
(Continued from page 1)
Remember, the private marketplace is always far more efficient that any government program. You know better than the government how to spend your own money, and the same principle applies to the economy as a whole. Spending is spending, even when politicians call it “investing in America” or “stimulus.” Government cannot simply spend us into prosperity.
Even when small tax cuts are discussed, there is misplaced debate over how best to structure things so Americans will be sure to spend the extra money and satisfy the supply-side believers. This social engineering has no place in our government The only legitimate purpose of our tax system is to raise revenues needed to run the government. It’s not the government’s job to determine how you should use your money.
Liberty-minded Americans must continue their efforts to change the climate in Washington. It is still possible for tax cuts to be enacted in 2002; unfortunately, it appears the Senate won’t act until the economy gets even worse. This is unfortunate, because a deeper recession could be avoided with some obvious steps. An elimination of corporate income taxes would immediately spur job growth. Despite the claims of the class warriors, corporate income taxes are paid by all of us in the form of higher prices for goods and services. A capital gains cut for individuals, coupled with a significant decrease in marginal tax rates, would cause a huge increase in investment. Such measures would represent real stimulus; our hardworking and entrepreneurial citizens would do the rest The American people should not wait for a severe economic crisis before they demand the government cut taxes and return needed capital to the legitimate private economy.
RH Your »I venison meat cutters 7r00ajn. to 7O0pjn. Cut & Wrap .4.
Chili VMff	Rick Ritchey
Steaks	(256) 245-4522
Sausage	5700 Hwy 21
Hamburger t	Stewartvillc.	AL
Cubed Steaks	Coosa County
America at War: Gory, Gory Hallelujah!
been a constant problem for us and even a long to attend to the Soviet client state
Chapter 2 of a six-part senes on\ what thinking Americans have to\ say about their budding empires
By Nelson Waller You and I were taking just a few minutes to consider some odd facts about America's war history. First up was the enigma that no cries for war ever arise from the people unless the politicians and media together cue us for j it
That's right Of the numerous very real ways America has been threatened and imperiled during the past generation of time alone, the only times we ever call for war are when the politicians, whom we normally don't turn our backs on for five minutes because they’re such liars, crooks and prostitutes, claim that some more of our sons and daughters have to die on the altar of the war god, and the media scream yes, yes, like they said!”
The transparent fact is that the pols never move without the media’s approval anymore, and the media never call for war unless the so-called stale of Israel is claimed to be endangered in some way. But more of that later.
Closer to home, 1 would like to point out that an extremely hostile and tyrannical country just 90 miles from our shores has
footstool for our main global rival for over half a century now, but we have never thought of bombing it. It's called Cuba.
Please, someone, explain to me why - if we as a society are committed to forcing democracy on the rest of the world regardless of the cost and to smashing any country that even looks at us cross-eyed - we’ve been so sweet toward Cuba all this time. Explain it away however you wish, but doesn't it at the very least make us hypocrites as we constantly traipse around to the other side of the world to solve people's problems for them there?
Please don’t misunderstand me. I don’t call for us to bomb Cuba or to give up defending our legitimate, repeat, legitimate1. national interests. I only want somebody to give us a good reason why we should have made the Mideast our ultimate long-term responsibility when conditions just as bad prevail among our immediate neighbors. Whatever you think of Cuba, Iraq, Iran or Afghanistan, etc., surely we can agree that some basic principles ought to guide our foreign policy with something like consistency. If we say we're going to rid the world of evildoers (Bush's exact words in mid-September), what’s taking us so
we’ve had on our doorstep since the early Elvis Presley period?
Oh, that's right - the liberal mass media favor Cuba, because it’s communist, and the media favored the USSR, because it was (to put it mildly) communist.
No media war, no real war for “our boys” - right?
Hey, we agonized over Nicaragua for the entire Reagan period, but we never dropped a bomb there! Oh, that's right, Nicaragua was being forced into the communist straitjacket, and the media favored Commandante Ortega and his political style - didn’t they? No media frenzy, no real war in the fields, right?
See, our overlords think we're too stupid to apply any rhyme or reason to the present crisis at all, and they're already using it to destroy more of our basic freedoms than Clinton ever did. Clinton? She's right in the middle of the conflict, maneuvering as hard as ever to destroy the free, prosperous America that once was, and I fear that our present Republican President is ultimately indistinguishable from Hillary in his agenda and his track record, shorn of all the nonsense about him being more of a normal human being than some other politicians.	(to	be	continued)
Nelson Waller can be reached care of this paper or POD 2368. Anderson. SC 29622 (Tel 864-225-0882)
8 The First Freedom January 2002	— Let there be light —
Educators’ code of silence keeps incompetent teachers in classroom
Keeping quiet on the ruinous truth By Gleni) J. Sacks
www.infonnameiica.com
High school and middle school teachers know about failing teachers because we often have the same students and, no matter how much we may try to ignore harsh words about our colleagues, the students tell us, or tell each other in our presence. We try to ignore it because we know how hard teaching can be. We try to ignore it because any sign of agreement from us in front of the students serves to undermine the struggling teacher. We try to ignore it because we do not want to seem petty or mean, because we have to deal with our failing colleagues in meetings and on committees, and because it is “none of our business,” anyway. Countless times I have debated whether to remain silent as 1 listened to an earnest but out of touch parent express complete faith in a teacher whom I knew to be damaging his or her child’s education.
Teachers are evaluated primarily
through administrative observations, though many times overworked administrators and department chairs fail to conduct them. Even when they are done, all but the worst teacher is usually capable of surviving them if he or she knows about it in advance. The failing teacher tells the students the day before that “we are going to have a visitor tomorrow and anybody who causes problems while the visitor is here is in big trouble” and promises future reward. It usually works.
By carefully scheduling the observation times in advance, the administrator is telling the teacher, “I won’t be stopping by your class unannounced to see what’s really going on in there because 1 don’t want to know. Let’s arrange exactly when I’ll come in so you can put on the necessary show, and then we’re both covered.”
Sometimes a failing teacher’s classroom is a daily battleground. In other cases, failing teachers and their students reach an unspoken agreement - the teacher pretends to teach and the students pretend to learn. The students are given a light amount of
busy work and the students use the extra time to do work for their other classes, pass notes, or chat in low voices. Everybody is happy - the class is relatively quiet (often an administrator’s judgment of a teacher’s competence goes no deeper than the question: is it quiet in there?), the failing teacher survives, and the students have less work to do. When necessary, the students will put on a show in front of bothersome visitors.
Failing teachers often compound their problems by refusing to refer out disruptive students. They know most administrators understand little about what is really happening in the classroom and that, as long as they do not bring attention to themselves, the teacher will be presumed “doing fine.” Referrals serve to draw unwanted attention from administrators.
One reason administrators often would rather not know about failing teachers is that it is frequently difficult to find suitable replacements. This is particularly true of teachers who work in crime-ridden areas where few teachers want to go, or who
teach one of the many subjects where there is a shortage of qualified teachers. According to former U.S. Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley, 28 percent of high school math teachers and 55 percent of physics teachers have neither majors nor minors in their subjects. Over a third of all teachers in grades seven through twelve are teaching a subject that they have not studied.
More importantly, because of the union and tenure protections teachers enjoy, it is costly and time-consuming to terminate a teacher, particularly once the probationary period is over. Nationally, it lakes between two and three years, and costs roughly $60.000 to fire a teacher
It is unspoken but well understood among teachers that these protections often keep bad teachers in the classroom, yet because of the trying nature of our profession we are hesitant to surrender these safeguards. That’s why I am skeptical that a genuine solution to the problem will ever come from us. Failing teachers? We’d rather not talk about it.
Terminal Phase
By Olaf Childress
Ideology shopping for idiots
If people had but grasped the import of Rooseveltian shenanigans at the time, forty-eight separate states might not have watched helplessly as their leaders moved from the federal concept to this totalitarian chaos, nor had that demagogue succeeded with his prying into the affairs of sovereign governments. Power elites even then were conspiring to destroy all barriers except a wall between themselves and us taxpayers.
Yet fences and borders will be! Separate churches, states, organizations, colleges, communities, homes and individuals must have and scrupulously maintain the right of seclusion - to meditate or experiment in private, acquiring from others’ mistakes, and positing distinctive examples in return. Let no other corporate screen be removed except the one behind which those elitists picking our pockets are hiding, for all this “progress” might never have seen light of day if New Deal leeches hadn't concealed their designs on our republican lifeblood.
Perverts were looking to homogenize the immediate and succeeding generations by force of deceit. That would come about, once having obliterated every difference of faith, race, ability, sex, ethnicity, etc., and after closing all avenues of choice; a time when mandatory, multicultural integration had synthesized every class but their own. Stalin showed them how*, the “election” with one candidate for each office. But it was not that simple outside his workers’ paradise. At the time, better informed Americans could be more dangerous. So, ignoring our Founders’ warnings against partisan intrigues, a Republocrat cabal might hoodwink the population by offering two options: Messrs. Tweedledee & dum.
Our would-be rulers found occasional surveys useful for promoting acceptance of mutating definitions. Saying they doctored the numbers was a misnomer: creatively crafted queries drew the responses desired. Reading such actual intelligence as had
y|y	Must Alabama obey each
—Bilderberg diktat from the x\jff	internationalist bankers?
V Self-government begins at home! Join the action, stay informed. For a one year subscription by mail, send $12.00 to
■The First Freedom
! P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576
FULL NAME MAIL ADDRESS’*
cri'v '	STATE	zip’
□	Here’s $12 for a one-year subscription.
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of the next one
□	$___________as	a	patron.	Keep	it	up!
Email, lei.nr. or comment:
been gathered from these soundings into the Big Plan’s war room, what came out seemingly calling for still another poll, by degrees we were manipulated into today’s unquestioning herd instinct. Not even old Uncle Joe could’ve imagined his Politprop marching us into the gulags waving flags.
Other than the one separating lord and serf, no barrier might exist. To everyone below that ignominious dividing line, “open borders” implied a gate closing upon middle-class traditions and affluence.
It was highly important for so-called “free trade” to stick! Planned at inception, the flooding of stable markets with cheap foreign labor and products would render every proletarian a slave, one and all alike, of moneyed interests recognizing no state loyalty. A mediacracy might even call a conspiracy, in newspeak Janguage, “win-win.” And, if such childish babbling annoys your ears, join my resistance. The odd fact is that only Bilderberg-installed presidents have gone all out for removing tariffs and forcing overregulated domestic goods to compete with foreign slave labor.
Let’s review exactly what existed before NAFTA: You see, taxes were in sane times imposed solely on imports. Ours the most industrious tribe in the world, wages and living standards here had naturally grown by astounding proportions, guaranteeing internal self-sufficiency and independence from outside suppliers in time of war or other great emergency.
Tariffs often simply jacked back up the artificially low prices foreign governments had subsidized to lure American dollars into weak economies. While it’s not for us to make all nations equally affluent (Hush, idealist dreamers!), during the last two centuries world markets gained more from our dollars than we ever needed their exports. And how do they show gratitude?
Not that we should be hostile to outside products. But, as realists, let’s put America first, and cease this adolescent attempt at changing human nature by sacrificing our living standards on an altar of global trade. We have merely threatened reciprocation when others impose, say, an import fee of thirty-five percent on our goods to their markets at the same time we charge them nothing! Hinting we may instate the same tax on theirs, they’ll remove the penalty quickly; which quite often turns out to be sleight-of-hand, where licenses, unloading fees, disputes concerning whose containers or carriers and the like simply relocates such one-sided advantage elsewhere.
In the short run, an authoritarian state outwits the democratic one every time. Failing to grasp the extended advantage of nonintervention, however (i.e., making do without subsidies or favorites), the central regime keeps deluding others until finally itself, and is overthrown - to become just
another third-world dictatorship. Let’s not dwell on those conspiracies that threaten shortsighted governments and get to the point: our exports under so-called “free trade” habitually lose out to theirs.
A small infringement of constitutional guarantees here, just another skyscraper for Big Brother’s offices over there: that’s not asking too much trade-in on the latest model “reform,” is it? After which deal. Boss Frank and his Brain Trust can visit the bank happy and you'll drive home in that sleek, new “Progress” for all to admire.
If the deal sounds too good to be true, need I explain what that suggests? The “win-win” such salesmen preach has never been nor shall be. This selling to us of a plastic Utopia, its “easy payment terms” off the lot we find written in disappearing ink and almost impossible to renegotiate, at last is seen as the basest of power grabs. So the poor sucker can at least stop making payments on that which doesn't function, right?
We taxpayers (impulsive shoppers, what?) might study our motives as well as those of advertisers luring us with the same old sales pitch - some “final solution” for getting to the perceived destination. Taken for a ride, the gullible walk; neither cash, forfeited trade-in nor negotiated object to show for it; where a little timely humility had consulted with “the old man” (history, that is) before signing on any dotted line.
Conceivably, some nations and races are more inclined to socialism than others. But in this, the land of individuals. let’s not buy perpetual motion nor the Brooklyn Bridge upon which to test drive that repainted phantom. “Ultimates” of man’s invention just don’t rev up to expectancy.
Obscure aims may be indulged if not too soon and seriously, themes for its parade: but life alone is worth getting excited about. Keep the timing right! Enjoy this throbbing agitation of everyday challenge requiring your fuel injection.
Remember, Hitler had a folks-wagon and -radio: one model of each, which he supposed sufficient for sending the word out to every serf family whose labors must roll back in at some assignment. The leader loved his Volk; they worshiped their FUhrer! Aw, why should I tell you how the affair ended?
Having passed a few years inside the Bundesrepublik and there meeting my bride, I appreciate those stalwart people. It tears me up seeing them, in the land where modem socialist thought was bom, so slow to discern what might have worked in their isolated Heimat can never govern today’s world. Dealing with the global community, Germany’s flip-flops between acquisition and reparations are outsnookered every time. And always by the same restitutions dealership! Shouting: Nie wieder! each
generation gets taken for a ride, only to watch its heirs again seize on the idea of exporting this indigenous psyche. It’s an interesting little planet.
Meanwhile, each of our united States had unique advantages observing all the other forty-seven examples of what works best and vice-versa. Keep the faith: We may yet rescue that heritage. Let us discuss the immense benefits of visiting different cultures from our own as well, for then one might consider the (insincere) elitist's call for embracing “multicultural” diversity -insofar as we understand this to indicate the worlds nations preserving all of their traditions. Which is not, of course, what those New Dealerships had in mind. But. advertising in and controlling the media as they do. we start a dialog for real progress in the existing showrooms. And then, with hard-nosed bargaining making clear we're not buying One World nihilism that knows no daddy or homeland, such hucksters are kept employed and off the dole.
By an act of omission, people of good conscience betimes do wind up on the take. They ignore, or forget, the sacrifice veracity requires of virtue. Setting himself up for the comforts of prestigious office, our public servant vows to remain clear of everything dishonorable - nor realizing right off that anonymity is out the window, temptation knocking at the door in endless gradients from harmless to fatal. One little concession, it seems to say, couldn't hurt all that much; not if, as advertised, the end justifies the means.
Sometimes politicians aren't exactly dishonest - but neither are most of them consistently bright. So genuine probity out in the private sector becomes less inclined to take up a scepter often tainted. How do we induce officers to all posts, who aren 1 steeped in politics as usual? That means fresh faces, Cincinnatus types who've made it in the business arena, are of mature age, willing to serve four or six years then bow out gracefully.
Back in the thirties, many entering upon politics knew full well that the Roosevelt intellectuals would never be quite finished with their grand experiment. For the latter did accept perpetual motion, its driving force being their own.
In the early rounds of FDR's job corps consisting for the most part of temporary make-work situations purportedly aiming at morale boosting, only a few realists were opposed. Suspecting where it might lead, such moderates inclined toward volunteer organizations, not that federal leviathan acting as middleman between altruism and despair.
Now you see where all of this has brought us. What will it be - more of the same, let George do it? There is another option: self-government.