
April is Confederate History and Heritage Month
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms."
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression^ abstaining forever from Europe’s wars.

1	□		e ]	n *		it	•si	t	)(
1		n	ppi	r	(	n			
							VI	1 r^E	
J	LLi	U		L	II	LL	111		| | m m|
tv
\' Self-government begins at home
what only individuals can chew. It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 5 Number 4
www.gulftel.com/homefree
Now, I am the terrorist
April 2003
By William Rivers Pitt
www.truthout.org
Friday March 21, 2003 - The city of Baghdad, founded in 762 A.D. under the name Madinat as-Salam - “City of Peace" -is this day a lake of fire. The opening stage of the Bush administration’s “Shock and Awe” attack plan began as night fell on Iraq, and lived terribly up to its terrible name. CBS news is reporting that great swaths of residential neighborhoods within Baghdad have been engulfed in flames. One can trust, perhaps, the ability of a cruise missile to hit a bulls eye from many miles away. One cannot be so precise in predicting which way the resulting fires will blow.
In the great earthquake in San Francisco in 1906, people were not killed so much by the shaking. They were killed by the firestorm that sucked the air from their lungs and reduced them to ash before they could flee. So it seems to be today in Baghdad.
Baghdad is a city of five million people, half of whom are under the age of fifteen, most of whom are too poor to flee. Now, a great many of those people are dead, burned in their homes and on their streets.
The American television media provided all of us with a Dresden-eye view of the attack. Huge mushroom clouds bloomed from the streets as buildings blazed and fell. The thunder of the explosions was so loud that television speakers became distorted with the sound
of the concussion. The sky lit up as though
the sun was rising. It was a fitting image, for a new day in world history has dawned.
Much has been made of the precision of our vaunted arsenal of bombs and missiles, as if they can go into a building and find the second door on the left before they explode. The truth is far more dire. When a B-2 bomber drops a 2,000 lb. JDAM munition, everyone and everything within a 120 meter radius is instantly killed. Anyone within a 365 meter radius risks severe shrapnel wounds. To be totally safe, one must be 1,000 meters away from the epicenter of the explosion. Imagine how many homes can fit into 1,000 meters, and never mind the firestorm.
American Marines have died securing petroleum facilities, and in a helicopter crash. If Iraqi forces do not surrender soon, American forces will attack Baghdad from the ground. The loss of life among our people will grow exponentially if a Stalin-grad-style fight unfolds in Baghdad and Tikrit. On Tom Brokaw’s CBS News broadcast, the father of one of the soldiers killed in the helicopter crash held a picture of his son to the camera and shouted, ‘Take a look. Bush. You killed my only son.”
Those who stand against this attack are dunned as “Not supporting the troops.” One might suggest the best way to support troops is to see them brought home safely. One might also suggest that support continues after the shooting stops. This does not appear to be on the agenda for the
Republican Party. A vote along party lines today in the House Budget Committee slashed $9.7 billion from veterans disability compensation programs, as well .as from other programs. These cuts, pushed through the committee by the majority-holding Republicans, are part of the plan to see Bush’s new $1.57 trillion tax cut through. Wave that flag, George.
Defense Secretary Don Rumsfeld, when asked by a reporter whether the Iraqi people would cheer Americans after this attack, stated that Baghdad’s civilians would welcome us. This defies known history in Japan and Germany and Vietnam; those populations, after absorbing saturation bombing, hardened their resistance. American television purported to show Iraqi civilians cheering a soldier who tore down a picture of Hussein, but a Sky News reporter walking Baghdad’s streets reported that, to a man, everyone he spoke with spat hatred and derision for this American attack.
On September 11th, I sat in numb horror as the images of carnage unfolded before me on the television. On that day, I was the victim of terrorism, along with every other American. Today, I sit in numbed horror
as more carnage
unfolds. Hundreds of massive missiles have rained down on a city far away, killing indiscriminately among the young.
A nation destroyed, an oil field taken. This is not wbal democracy looks like.
the infirm, the old and the innocent. My government did this. My nation did this. My leaders did this. Today, I am the terrorist.
So are you.
There is no justification for this attack. Saddam Hussein and his forces had been effectively disarmed by the first Gulf War, by the UNSCOM inspections, and by the more recent UNMOVIC inspections. According to Hussein Kamel, son-in-law to Saddam Hussein whose comments to the UN in 1991 were recently reported in a buried Newsweek story, Iraq was pretty much disarmed of mass destruction weapons even before the first war. The Bush administration, in pushing for this war, has foisted lie after lie after lie upon the American people and the world. The world didn’t buy it, but they weren’t dependent upon lapdog media sources like ours for their data.
We are the terrorists now, stupid underinformed terrorists who dance to the tune
of a corporate media machine that will profit wildly from this attack. NBC, MSNBC and CNBC are owned by General Electric, one of the largest defense contractors on earth. They will be paid handsomely in military contracts because of this, as they always have been. Yet GE gives us the news we need to understand what is happening.
Americans are not often afforded the
This is not a war. It Is an attack against a sovereign people.
opportunity to witness a war crime live on television. Today’s actions bring to mind a war crime from a generation ago: The shooting of a prisoner by Vietnamese General and American ally Nguyen Ngoc Loan. General Loan put a pistol to the head of this bound prisoner and blew his brains into the street, an image that millions of Americans saw after it had taken place. We are here again today. The poverty of the Iraqi people leaves them bound, unable to escape the wave of steel. We have blown their brains out. We have incinerated them in place. We will continue to do so, and you can watch it from your couch. Today, you are the terrorist.
So am I.
William Rivers Pitt is a New York Tunes best-selling author of two books - War On Iraq (with Scott Ritter! available now from Conical Hooka, and The Greatest Sedition is Silence, available in May 2003 from Pluto Press. He leaches high school in Boston. MA. Scon Lowery contributed research to this report.
In today’s terminal phase we still have choices
the end of its impetus. But, in this terminal phase, we still have choices.
Should we prosecute, in courts of law, those “representatives” hiding too many skeletons in their own closets to take on the blackmailing Zionist media’s coverup of Chinagate with treason’s scxcapades? Not a chance. That cabal is more interested in money and power, a brainwashed army of “special” troops, and a convenient pool of less-coddled laborers (but don’t call them slaves) dispatched to odd jobs daily from prisons, than justice. So, where do we start?
Our churches should stop making illegal aliens feel at home here, walk out of the
By Olaf Childress This Confederate History and Heritage Month, I pray for guidance while offering a | short essay on our rabid “representatives.”
Criticizing those armchair terrorists now waging their “war on terrorism,” some say, is just aiding the communists; for, where Slick Clinton only threatened to get the ones who blow up our embassies and bomb our ships, Dubya is a man of action. And, as there must always be one superpower in the world, goes this argument, why not us?
My reply: Neither do the skyscrapers and ships of Qinada, Finland and Brazil J worry about being bombed, nor does any country except this one covet the globe at present. We put troops in over 100 foreign lands “to protect their borders” and ignore our own, then expect a great empire to gaze in awe at the wisdom of a - duh, Dubya?
The regime institutionalized by Lincoln having invaded our homeland and falsified the accounts thereof, like Gorbachev in the ’80s and Clinton in the ’90s, has reached |_
One hundred days will tell
By Olaf Childress Governor Riley (R), since I didn’t vote for you and took considerable heat from some friends who did, let me tell you what they are now saying. “You may have been right. Maybe we, too, should’ve gone for the third party candidate.”
Out of this empire’s immoral madness the South is rising, no thanks to such a small tabloid. Yet The First Freedom needs patrons, advertisers, subscribers and distributors in order to continue as a minor part of the movement Please clip the coupon at bottom of page 5 and help a patriot newspaper stay with the action.
Is ibis what the truly liberated look like?
Eustace Mullins Seriously III “Mullins, 78, has had a heart attack and a stroke and is in a nursing home in Staunton. VA according to an item in Hoskins Report. This venerable and prolifle author has been a strong and true Inspiration to myself and my various literary projects. If I am able to accomplish even one tenth of what he has done, I shall judge myself a success. Please pray for this devoted man.**
— Harrell Rhome, Editor, The Eagle Newsletter
“Let’s give him 100 days,” is the current word. ‘That’s how long it usually takes for a governor to show his true colors. If he’s still all talk and no rollback, that's when we start shopping for his 2006 replacement.”
Governor Riley, I don’t want to see you self-destruct by listening only to “neos” and liberals. Hear the people. Sir. Alabama has suffered nincompoops attacking all that we hold dear just about long enough. Your margin of victory came from the “heritage vote” - so please observe their line in the sand. Surely that inaugural day dance with the media minions was a slip of judgment.
Restore the monument. Send Alabama Historical Commission President Lee Warner packing. Keep the Constitution.
IRS’s “peace process,” and start noticing the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
The Sons of Confederate Veterans might break loose from their peecee, “nonprofit organization” shackles also, and proceed in common camp with the League of the South, the Council of Conservative Citizens, FreeSouth.org and any group that’s willing to stand up in reply to the assault on our moral values by Leviathan.
We do not need to create, but merely to reawaken, a Confederacy which has been forcefully shackled these 142 years, sent at times into wars in the name of democracy by our occupiers enamored more of money and power than whatever erstwhile cause put forth via their propaganda. Ours is a reconstructed pool of courageous troops, and between wars an opportune source for Lincoln's revenues. But, enough!
Let us again withdraw from his clutches, dismiss the enemy by peaceful means, and invite the world to send embassies and have commerce with our constitutional republic.
Got that Ugly. pe*cee, scalawag-designed ‘stars fell on" car tag? Here’s the softitfon:_____________
¥ HEART OF DIXIE
IT LOOKS BETTER - There’s no question ITS EASY - Goes right over the "stars fell on"
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL • As verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED-
"I don't think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag In the state of Alabama. I can say It to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I'm in the state legislature, I’m going to do everything known to human Ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag." - Rep. Alvin Holmes, February 2002 in a WSFA-TV Interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution costs) to:
STICKER	5/viivoii'J frv il\- tfowtjpMtcrv dOapIrr
P.0. Box 681343	<M|wearSa4
Prattville. AL 36068	—	»«*	ou*-
2 The First Freedom April 2003	— A different slant on the news —
jlERE'S WHAT WAS IGNORED OR MISREPORTED ELSEWHERE
Movie “Gods and Generals” undone by Park Service
RESTRUCTURA AD ABSURDUM. The National Park Service Is looking to rid itself of what it calls Southern bias at major “Civil War* battlefields, instead emphasizing “the horrors of slavery.” According to Reuters, ground zero for the project is Gettysburg, site of the largest battle ever fought on American soil. Plans are going ahead to build a new visitors center and museum at a cost of $95 million that will completely change the way the conflict is presented to visitors. The park service apparently puts no stock in any view that the South had heroes who fought for reasons other than to defend slavery. Ted Turner, we need a movie called “Media Gods and General Hysteria.”
UM, YES, LIKE WE JUST SAID. On February 14, a Florida Appeals court ruled there is absolutely nothing illegal about lying, concealing or distorting information by a major press organization. The court reversed the $425,000jury verdict in favor of journalist Jane Akre who charged she was pressured by Fox Television to air what she knew and documented to be false information. The ruling basically declares it is technically not against any law, rule, or regulation to distort news on a television broadcast. Attorneys for Fox, owned by media baron Rupert Murdock, argued the First Amendment gives broadcasters the right to lie or deliberately distort reports on the public airwaves. -The Sierra Times
NOW TAKE CALIFORNIA. Ah, si! You already did. An animal rights group has declared the famed Calaveras County Jumping Frog Jubilee and such contests around the country cruel and inhumane, saying frogs should not be taken from their native habitats for human entertainment Members of the Animal Protection Institute, an 80,000 member animal rights group based in Sacramento, are encouraging outraged frog lovers to write the directors of the annual event in California's gold country that features the acrobatics of frogs memorialized in Mark Twain's classic 1865 short story, “The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County.”
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH has just approved plans to resettle the U.S. State Department into 31 African Peoples Republics. You wish! No, the fact is that if we don't wake up and do something about it, the State Department of Alger Hiss, Madeline Albright, Henry Kissinger and other enemies of everything the South has ever stood for will unload 12,000 Bantu refugees quite soon in Georgia, Florida, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia; this in addition to other “humanitarian” refugee resettlements “Out of Africa” which the media have used to test just how much leveling we will stand for on their way to Utopia. These Bantus have only seen telephones, flush toilets and clocks in classes on American culture at Kenya’s Kakuma Refugee Camp.
She First r<
reedom PO Box 385, Silverhill. AL 36576 Email: homefirec@gulAcl.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Capcrton, Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton, Nick Jongebloed, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith. Bob Taylor. Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S.
Setf-govrmment begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be care Ail ly edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
GREATER ISRAELI FRONT. George Napoleon Bush, on behalf of his favorite ally spreading our lines yet thinner, finds he can't even depend on one amigo closer at home. And Vicente Fox Quesada, Mexico's Harvard-educated President, owes him. But Fox, in a bowl of hot chili himself, can't deliver that country's “u.n.” vote in support of Bush's war; too much unrest at home. Not only do seventy-five percent of Mexicans oppose the U.S. invading Iraq, but the country's southernmost province of Chiapas has its own turmoil, as communist Zapatistas continue seizing land from wealthy owners; and they especially do not want Americans in possession of property there. Just give them each forty acres along the Potomac, Commandante.
SOUTHERN FRONT. Thirty-four volunteers including two new recruits from California spent a recent weekend patrolling the Cochise County, Arizona border with Mexico. Civil Homeland Defense concluded its most productive -yet most terrifying weekend to date with forty-three illegal invaders peacefully turned over to the Border Patrol. And while another approximately 80 border intruders pelted those vigilantes with rocks as they ran, attempting to escape capture by Border Patrol agents, all the intruders were located and reported to the Border Patrol, the entire lot of them apprehended and returned to Mexico. Sorry, Georgie. But don't pout. They wouldn’t have voted for you anyway.
WE THE PEOPLE, a national campaign (www.GiveMeLiberty.org), is seeking to educate officials of private companies that under U.S. law their workers aren't subject to withholding, as the companies are not legally “withholding agents.” WTP says the individual income tax is fraudulent in its origin and unlawful in its enforcement and operation. On March 15, WTP chief Bob Schulz put the IRS on notice that he is educating CEOs of American companies across the land that the income tax legally applies only to foreign income of American citizens and the domestic income of aliens residing in the U.S. Typically, Congress and the IRS stick their heads in the sand rather than answer these perennial charges.
NO MORE PESKY CITIZENS. Gov. Riley, your two public hearings became a mandate: don't give these “Alabama Citizens for Constitutional Reform” free rein to bypass the amendment process. In their zeal to “streamline” the Alabama Constitution, only today's brainwashed students will be allowed to sit in at their meetings free. The rest of us, experienced citizens who understand vigilance as the price of freedom and wishing to monitor what's going on, must pony up $25.
THERE YOU GO AGAIN. Thomas Spencer of the Birmingham News, whining that those calling Gov. Riley's March 7 public hearing a “con-con,” just don't grasp the media's wonderful plans. Why, their constitutional convention would streamline Alabama, never cause higher taxes or less freedom. Says Spencer: ‘Typical were the sentiments of Ken Nelson of Hoover, who noted that 21 of the 34 members of Riley’s commission have ties to the Alabama Citizens for Constitutional Reform. That group endorsed the idea of a citizens convention to rewrite the current constitution, which has 742 amendments and is the nation's longest. The aim of constitutional revisions was to 'steal property through zoning* and further 'socialist, globalist indoctrination' in public schools, Nelson warned. ‘Governor Riley, Wake up!' he concluded to strong applause.” Nation's longest? A while back, it was the oldest. Corrected that a dozen states have older ones, now it’s the length. We’ll not do their research work for them again, as the grasp of those mediacrats is the weakest.
JUDGES COVET COMMON LAW. Coming to Sydney, Australia in April, 2003, is the 5th Common Law Judiciary Conference, where 63 chief justices from around the world will promote the lie that judges make common law. Only statute law is made by governments, as common law is made by the people on juries when their judgments become precedents. Thomas Jefferson: “The germ of destruction of our nation is in the power of the judiciary, an irresponsible body — working like gravity by night and by day, gaining a little today and a little tomorrow, and advancing its noiseless step like a thief across the field of jurisdiction, until all shall render powerless the checks of one branch over the other and will become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we separated.”
EMPIRE’S NEXT PROVINCE? On Friday, March 21, 2003, “Montreal fans boo Star-Spangled Banner? the headline screamed. That was the day our Legions brought reality to Iraq. “Fans booed during the playing of the U.S. national anthem before the New York Islanders* 6-3 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday night,” the article blithely reported, as if no one would hear and understand! Who do these people think they are!? Would Caesar have stood for such effrontery from the hinterlands of his empire? No! Canada, you’re next! Hail, Caesar! Those who are about to die salute you!
- Christian Gallery News Service
PEECEE PRESS WON’T SAY IT. That U.S. soldier who killed one and injured 14 officers of the 101st Airborne with grenades at Camp Pennsylvania was Muslim. This has been reported by Reuters, ABC News, World Net Daily, Fox News, the Washington Times, and USA Today. His name is Sgt. Asan Akbar. None have reported he’s also black. Only CBS News, so far, has shown his picture. When are we going to take seriously the security' threat of Black Muslims? How many must die from political correctness? - Susan Lamb
MARXIST SLANT. “Captive Passage: The Transatlantic Slave Trade and the Making of the Americas” is competing in our empire's capital with the Holocaust Museum for your captive acceptance of enhanced history. The Anacostia Museum and Center for African American History and Culture tells us online that “Much of the economic potential of the Americas was realized through forced labor. The work of enslaved Africans made possible the taming of the wilderness, the construction of cities, the excavation of mines, and the establishment of powerful plantation economies. Their story is told through this special display of artifacts, photographs, and documents from public and private collections. This exhibition was organized by The Mariners* Museum in Newport News, Virginia, in association with the South Street Seaport Museum in New York City and the National Museums and Galleries on Merseyside in Liverpool, England.” So far, no claims that African Americans, not Al Gore and Chinagate Bill, were the true reinventors of government.
OPEN BORDERS HYPOCRISY. “In our mad PC sensitive age, you won’t actually see the mostly white fat cats putting out signs that say ‘Black Americans Need Not Apply,* but that’s part of what's really going on with the massive Third World invasion of this nation. In earlier generations, these fat cats needed cheap black labor to pick cotton, so they instituted an earlier version of our present institutionalized wink and nod massive illegal immigration. They called it slavery.”
- H. Millard
EVERY TIME another school principal thinks to ban Confederate teeshirts, Dewey Barber (left), the owner of Dixie Outfitters, chalks up increased sales. Odum, Georgia is the home of Dixie Outfitters. March 20th marked a new beginning for Southeast Georgia as FreeSouth.org held its first meeting in Odom at the community center. Mr. Barber hosted the meeting and also, as opening speaker, delivered a history lesson 100% true “and truly tin-reconstructed" from before 1860 until today. And what a speaker he is!
CIVILIAN WAR HAWKS running the Department of Defense repeatedly and contemptuously overrode the senior Army and Marine officers warning them about the difficulty of conquering Iraq. Who were these civilians dictating DOD policy? These were the top civilian (non-military) people in question, all Jewish-by-race: Richard Perle, Bush’s Foreign Policy Advisor; Paul Wolfowitz, Deputy Defense Secretary; Robert Satloff, U.S. National Security Council Advisor; Dov Zekheim, Under Secretary of Defense and Comptroller; Douglas Feith, Under Secretary of Defense and Policy Advisor at the Pentagon; Elliott Abrams, National Security Council Advisor; Marc Grossman, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs; Richard Haass, Director of Policy Planning at the State Department and Ambassador at large; Heniy Kissinger, one of many Pentagon Advisors sitting on the Pentagon’s Defense Policy Board; and James Schlesinger, who also sits on the Pentagon's Defense Policy Board.
THIS IS JUSTICE? A mole in the Justice Department didn't think so. We may never know the name of that insider patriot who leaked Attorney General John Ashcroft's draft of a sequel to the USA Patriot Act but when Charles Lewis, head of the Center for Public Integrity put those 86 pages on his website www.publicintegnty.org Feb. 7, that night Bill Moyers interviewed him on the PBS television program. Now. This broke the story of the most radical government plan in our history, an unacceptable scheme to remove from Amencans the Bill of Rights. An increasing number of cities, counties, and even the State ofNew Mexico have resolved to disregard parts of the act
BANKERS TRIGGER RIOTS. Only five years ago and in order to secure a $138 million loan from the IMF, Bolivian authorities acquiesced to sell a number of state-owned companies as well as privatize the public water system of the impoverished region of Cochabamba. The latter was seized by the multinational consortium Aguas del T\inaii led by the Bechtel Corporation, one of the CIA's main contractors. As the new owners hiked water rates by 35 percent, the people of Cochabamba took to the streets in protest. Seeing as how families living on $ 100 a month would not be able to pay the new monthly water tariff of $20, the Bolivian government eventual!) voided the contract with Aguas del Ttinari in 2000. -American Free Press
Help promote our flag al www.ConfederatcWave.org Unlimited Long Distance $29.99 at http://LD.net/7dixiephones or 3.9 cents per minute. Sponsored by www.dixierising.com Did you know that you can erect a 24 foot IU|p^ with a confederate hag for less than $35? W hnow that over 1.000 people have put ConfcdcriH Flags up on flagpoles the past In# years? Did yw> know that over 25.000 confederate yard signs been displayed In these past two years?
April 2003 The First Freedom 3
SCAMwM
Processed principal performs on cue
By Olaf Childress Except for approved minorities useful to the cause, a collectivist opposes freedom of individual choice. That would delay his death-wish for a tangible world at rest. How does Beaufort High School Principal Bill Evans determine which students to
pamper with license and where to close that line against others expressing pride in their heritage? The media tell him.
“About 45 Battery Creek and Beaufort High School students were suspended last week because they wore T-shirts portraying the Confederate flag,” reported the
or m momh
Carolina Morning News on March 25. “In the final analysis, this protest isn’t about students’ rights but about the Confederate flag, the same controversial banner that has bogged down state legislators for years. It
has no place in school hallways, lest it similarly bog down the learning process.” (Or the Morning News' teaching process?)
Like that “peace process” which attacks the ideas of sovereign states and individual freedom, an artificial state trying to drag us all into worldwide collectivism - with Bill Evans under its media control - is alarmed seeing the old indoctrination process fail.
A couple of conspiracy nuts explain why Johnny can’t read the truth
Tom Valentine’s guest on “Radio Free America99 was controversial author Eustace Mullins. Following is a transcript of that interview.
Tom Valentine: Hello, everybody. Welcome back to Radio Free America.
It is “fractal Friday,” but in this hour it’s not really going to be “fractal.” It’s going to be very, very important.
Now, before we start, with my guest, we need to clarify a term - ’cause I use it as a term of endearment, but a lot of people may not understand how to take it And we’re not gonna be like those in the “New-Speak” game, or the Orwellian types. We’re going to deal with language so that we understand.
There are people, like myself, who are called “health nuts.” A “health nut” is a person who advocates natural health things. So that’s... The “nut” is a term of endearment now. They were called “health nuts” by the establishment, in a derogatory way, for many, many years. But now, a lot of us are proud to take the term “health nuts.”
Well there are also “conspiracy nuts.” And they’re identical to “health nuts”: they have been put down with that term for a long time. They’re a person who has keen insights to the ongoing problems of the world; and to the news of the world, he “reads between the lines” and he sees that there are people out there with an agenda, powerful people with an agenda. And he begfns’to believe it and study it, and he gets to be called, by the establishment (which is part of the agenda problem) a “conspiracy nut”
Well, many of us are “conspiracy nuts.” And I’m proud to be a “conspiracy nut.”
You’re not a “conspiracy nut” worth a dam, unless you have read the several books by my guest: The New World Order, Secrets of the Federal Reserve, Murder by Injection, The Rape of Justice, and now, the latest, and evidently one of your most acclaimed books, Eustace Mullins, Education for Slavery.
Welcome to Radio Free America. Eustace Mullins: Thank you, Tom! It’s certainly good to be on your show. Valentine: It’s good to have you back! We haven’t talked in a while.
Mullins: No we haven’t I’ve been on the road quite a bit.
Valentine: Well you’ve got a new book since the last time we talked.
Mullins: Yes.
Valentine: What is this. Education... You’ve taken the whole educational system to task, have you?
Mullins: More than that. I have traced all of the present educational programs right back, 5,000 years, to the ancient cult of Baal, which Jesus preached against during his ministry on earth.
Valentine: That’s fascinating. That is fascinating, and there’s a lot of us who would believe that. Because that cult has never gone away.
Mullins: It has never gone away. It’s more prevalent today, I think, than it was in Jesus’ time. And, of course, this really gets conspiratorial because, when your education system has been subverted by a Satanic cult - you don’t get much more conspiratorial than that.
Valentine: I would say so.
How do we make the links? I mean, without givin* away the whole book, what are the major links going back?
Mullins: The links. The cult of Baal went underground after Jesus' ministry, and it reappeared as Humanism. Then it
Nobody wants another bloody confrontation -except the war profiteers and the power-hungry madmen exposed in this issue. Nor are we in the Southern Independence movement looking for anything beyond freedom to live in peace without the mediacracy busing us to its New World Order.
In recent issues we’ve scanned the book at left by G. Edward Griffin (American Media, 1994, 608pages), which exposes all this hidden robbery by inflation over and above the half of our labors taken directly via licenses, sales and other taxes.
Now let’s advance our inquiry a little further.
reappeared as the Renaissance, the French Revolution, the Communist Revolution -all of these are manifestations of this! ancient cult. And actually, it came to power, over the educational system in this country, through Humanism. Valentine: I have no doubt about that at all: I have followed Humanist... I was one. I was a brainwashed humanist for a very big part of my younger life!
Mullins: My goodness.
Valentine: Oh yeah! You know, you go to college in America, if you’re not too smart you’re gonna be caught up in it. In fact, I mentioned it in the first hour. I was given the Franz Boaz, Ashley Montague, Russell What’s-his-name...
Mullins: Bertrand Russell, yeah. Valentine: Bertrand Russell and Aldous Huxley and all of that stuff - and I just ate it up! Because I didn’t know any better.
Mullins: Well they were the most revered people of the academic world at that time!
Valentine: Yes they were, in the ’50s.
And so, these people, though, were preaching something that... How would you phrase it? What is it that Humanism does that isn’t good for people? That is Satanic, that is diabolical?
Mullins: It’s anti-God. It places man above God! And that’s a fundamental error. And I think Humanism is the origin of “feel good” liberalism. They want
nine in to Radio Free America!
You have two options for tuning in to the program via shortwave: 5.085 or 6.890. However, the signal is not single sideband signal; it is picked up by regular shortwave. WWRB (World Wide Radio Broadcasting) has a very strong signal. RFA is aired every Sunday evening for two hours starting at 9 pm Eastern time, 6 pm Pacific time. In addition to short wave, you can now tune in via the internet at any time, any day of the week, and hear the two hour program that was broadcast live the previous Sunday evening. The web site can be accessed at www.americanfreepress.net. You will see Radio Free America on the main menu and you can download, free of charge, Windows Media Player in order to listen to the show. The toll free call-in number to participate on RFA is 1-800-259-9231.
Action alert
The USA PATRIOT Act is an act, all right, but has more to do with tyranny than patriotism. Visit infowars.com and copy the “Austin Liberty Preservation Resolution.” Change Austin to your own county or city, then ask that local government to adopt a similar “Save the Bill of Rights” resolution, for self-government begins only at home.
“Ezra Pound said, 'Go on to the Library of Congress and find out what you can about the Federal Reserve System.’ So I did It”
- Eustace Mullins
The next Quarterly Meeting of the Alabama Historical Commission is at Ft. Morgan on May 7,2003. We need more people at these. If interested, please contact Ellen Williams HC63 Box 236 Leroy, AL 36548 or email rebellen@mindspring.com
people to feel good about themselves; they want them to have more self-esteem. Well you have self-esteem by having character! By having integrity. By producing something of value to the world. Valentine: Ah, but since they can’t do that, they preach the self-esteem without the character, and without the value.
Mullins: They give you the self-esteem without any values on your part. And of course that also gives them tremendous control over you, because once you’ve been told that you have self-esteem then you are at the mercy of people who are manipulating you. You become a puppet. Valentine: I can certainly sense that and feel that.
All right! Ladies and gentlemen, my guest is author Eustace Mullins. He’s been around for a long, long time. And he and I are just gonna have a little conversation about a lot of things that have been going on for many years.
[...commercial break...] All right, we are back, live. And like I said, my guest is Eustace Mullins. [...Gives info on upcoming appearances by Mr. Mullins..]
Now. Your books - you got a lot of them. Three of your books are available from Liberty Library: The New World Order, Secrets of the Federal Reserve, and Murder by Injection. And they’re outstanding. In fact. Secrets of the Federal Reserve was the one that exposed “the Fed” for what it really is.
Mullins: Yeah. It was the first book to reveal the secret Jekyll Island conference at which the billionaires took over the money and credit of the people of the United States for their own sinister purposes. Valentine: Yes. And when you did that, that was extremely controversial and it’s been shut down! I mean, [it’s] amazing how the media shut that fact down. Mullins: Oh, that’s true. They have done that for years. And in fact, you know, when the Simon and Schuster put out a rip-off of my book called Secrets of the Temple: The Federal Reserve, they even stole my title.
Action alert
Lee Warner, president of the Alabama Historical Commission, is reaching again for more power. Power to pull additional stunts like surrounding the big Confederate Memorial with scaffolding and for almost two years holding it hostage from public view with no repair work, as if to flaunt his ability to rewrite history in the name of preserving it. To put our Confederate past down the memory hole and replace those accounts with his New World Order, Lee Warner must pack the commission with more Blacks. That’s what Senate Bill 20 is about. Please ask your state senator to vote against SB20. To learn the postal and email addresses of additional senators, you’ll find www.alabamacoalition.com a good source.
Eustace Mullins
Ezra Pound
And they sold 300,000 of ’em. And Forbes magazine reviewed it and said, “This book has no secrets.”
Valentine: Well that’s true, [laughs] There yago.
Mullins: It was a total rip-off! [laughs] Valentine: Well, but did they talk about Jekyll Island in that one?
Mullins: No indeed. He didn’t mention Jekyll Island at all. In fact, Greider, William Greider, who was a Washington editor of Rolling Stone, an establishment journalist, actually wrote this book. And he “pooh-poohed” any conspiratorial notion that there had ever been a meeting at all. H /'
Valentine: You’re kidding.
Mullins: No.
Valentine: Ob my... Right down the memory hole! [
Mullins: Oh definitely. He absolutely said, “It never happened.”
Valentine: Well, that’s the purpose of that book: to counter what you have done for so many years.
AH right. What I wanna do... First of all, I gotta tell everybody [...Gives info on how to order books...]
Mullins: I’m at P.O. Box 1105, Stanton, Virginia 24401 [address to write to Mr. Mullins may not be current].
Valentine: All right, now, Eustace, let’s get started. You’re not a young guy, neither am I. But how did you get started in this in the first place?
Mullins: Well I met a political prisoner, a man who had been imprisoned because he stood up for the Constitution of the United States: a poet named Ezra Pound. And he had been incarcerated, without trial, in St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington, D.C. And I was going to art school in Washington, and one of my professors said, “I want you to go out and meet Ezra Pound.”
So I went out there. Ezra Pound said, (See “Two corporations,” page 6)
Action alert
SB20, explained at left, that insidious tract drafted by wily Lee Warner, must be defeated. This is our first priority. Call some or all of the state senators listed on page 5 (Action!). If this bill passes, there will be at least three more ethnics on the Alabama Historical Commission (more likely four), and paragraph 24 on page 14 of that bill increases Warner’s powers above what the Alabama code gives him.
Let’s make it clear that we not only wish wily Warner’s bill killed, we demand other attempts to turn our Alabama Capitol into a “civil rights” shrine be terminated along with his employment. That 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery media event was one thing, but this fellow is the last straw.
— Alabama —
I Ob Mar. 8 Inside Ibe historic Archives Room of the Alabama Capitol It was a bit crowded with over 100 League of the South members assembled for their annual state convention. Among the distinguished speakers before and alter lunch was LoS President Dr. Michael Hill, who maintained that “This media manipulation of our lives is going to end. We’re not begging for a seat at the table of our ancestors, we re gonna get the table back. Otherwise, consenting to the taking of our country by immigrant invasion means we deserve to be in the dustbin of history." New World orderlies had vehemently objected to this meeting, the controlled media vapplng on cue. But they couldn't frighten the LoS away from its proper location.
Where did l.cc Warner get his marching orders? Visit http://www.preserveala.org/iltes/sltemsphtn to find out. There you can aero in on all the** pm places worth seeing, and dick “( apitol (•rounds Project" for Warner’s assignment: “...at the direction of the National Park Service, the AHC acting as the State Historic Preservation Office, was directed to determine the eligibility of the Selma to Montgomery Trail for nomination to the National Register of Historic Places."
William Lowndes Yancey (1814-1863) would have understood. He’s the figure on that portrait hanging in the above Archives Room. Mr. Yancey was a significant party leader at both the state and national levels, also one of the most powerful men of the antebellum South. Ills political career included service in the Alabama General Assembly, national House of Representatives, the Confederate diplomatic corps and the Confederate States Senate.
When the League of the South chose to convene its Alabama state convention ihh year inside the Capitol, no one could have found that decision more appropriate than William Lowndes Yancey. For, indeed, on the steps of this building, itffmos Du vis was sworn In as President of the Confederate States of America Jan. II. 1861. That day, Alabama seceded from Abraham Lincoln's budding empire, the capital of this new republic only later moving to Richmond nearer the front line* of Deportation* and defense when the mad Union president actually invaded our homeland Today's Southern heritage is no longer under attack by Lincoln, but w» do haw llatemongcr Morris Dees of the SPLC filling in there. Yancey, an editor in hit time, would have had something to say about such a character trying to stop this Leapt convention from happening here on Mar. 8. Olaf Childress, right, your editor sad serv ant, can only praise Montgomery Rep. Dick Brew baker for standing up against this continuing siege so that we might meet here. The gentleman at left b Philip Davis off Montgomery, chairman of the Patrick Henry Chapter I .OS.
The second annual Confederate History
and
Heritage Celebration
Wctumpkn. Alabama - Starts 9:00am, April 12.200) at the First Presbyterian Church, ends at Goldstar Pari with more speakers, music and good ol‘ Sou fra fellowship. Please come and show your Soulkn pride. Flags welcome and encouraged. Info: Gw Sides at (334) 567-9912. Mike Whonoa (334) 514-1988 or Lynn Goodman (334) 567-8511
Zombie nation: the doping of students and patients
Report from L.A.
By Olaf Childress l/to
DISTRICT COURT OF MOBILE COUNTY STATE OF ALABAMA VS JONES BEVERLY JO TO: OLAF CHILDRESS
YOU ARE HEREBY ORDERED TO APPEAR BEFORE THIS COURT FEB, 27. 2003
1 first met Beverly Jo Jones, a subscriber to The First Freedom, at this civic rally in Mobile; then at subsequent March Against Crime meetings got to know her better as an activist against the drugging of America. She’s a perfectly harmless young lady, a bit politically mixed up like all who depend on the “normal” media for their news and views, thus has been in and out of Searcy Mental Institution. Beverly Jo is fighting to regain her dignity rather than sanity, which was never in question by people of our mutual acquaintance. She wants reforms. And who is better qualified to speak to any social problem than one of its victims?
A few days before the above summons to appear as a character witness on behalf of Mrs. Jones, I had received from her a friendly letter, the gist of which follows;
”1 want to thank you for promoting my song [Ode to Judge Roy S. Moore] and for printing my letters and Searcy poem. Most of my writing is in defense ofFirst Amendment rights and against psycho tropic drugs...
“1 have been writing my former attorney for ten years off and on because I liked him more than any person in the world. He never asked me to not write him, but I should have known, when he'd “return to sender” my mail. I petitioned several courts by myself to get him to give me my files back that I thought he was keeping for me. 1 guess it made him angry and he had petitioned Probate to have me committed twice. Psycho tropic drugs hurt me bad, and I did not think anyone should be made to take them just for writing letters and l«JJio£ uomeoae they liked them...
‘To have been committed has frightened me terribly. One can get sick, I guess, from being scared. I have been out of Searcy and am about to move in with my parents, as I must give up my home place (a rented duplex). 1 have been extremely nauseous for three weeks now. I could not take psycho tropics and got off them. No GP nor mental health psychiatrist has been able to give me any meds to relieve this fearful nausea. Psycho tropics only make me fearful, make me weak and very sleepy in the middle of the day and night. They cause you to be disabled. 1 simply cannot regain my positive spirit due to fear of doctors and fear of not getting over this continuous nausea.
“To make matters worse, my former attorney has filed stalking charges against me for writing him at his office and home and for continually asking for my files.
“I always thought I had been done wrong and petitioned courts to get them to fix it. The horror ofhaving done something you thought was good only to have it called a crime is terrifying. I am really too sick to face the charges and they are set to be heard on 2/27, Judge Wells’ courtroom on 4th floor of the Municipal Building, Mobile at 8:30.
“I have told my ex-husband and my children and two good friends, that is all. Stalking is a felony. Sometimes I picture you testifying for me relative to your knowing me through my song. I have worked so hard promoting Roy S. Moore.
“Jerry Pilgrim is the attorney who is angry with me for bothering him. Please do not feel sad. My nausea just does not seem to be going away and it is quite unbearable.”
- Beverly Jo Jones
On the morning of Feb. 27, Judge Wells nodded Mrs. Jones* attorney, Jefferson Deen, up for the usual whispering confab and that was it Outside the courtroom, Mr. Deen explained the case was rescheduled. In the system, justice delayed is something we’ve grown accustomed to; but duty says The First Freedom should give Beverly Jo Jones her hearing now. It’s at right.
By Beverly Jo Jones
1 doubt 1 would have confided in any of you were it not that 1 did hurt so badly in January. I've never hurt so, and incessantly, in my life. I’m sure it had to do with the psycho tropic drugs imposed for ten months at Searcy this last time, although psychiatrists would never admit it. I’d gradually gotten off them by the first of January, but, of course, nobody in a hospital or group home is allowed to go without drugs, so 1 had to wait until I was out and secure enough to know that no professional would recommit me if I got off. Such idea may seem silly and preposterous, but some are actually committed on the grounds they are off their meds.
The fear runs rampant in our society, so “obsessed” (to use psychiatry’s own jargon) are we with pharmaceutical drugs as a panacea. Thus police, relatives, people in general and, of course, judges, have been taught that anyone so diagnosed may be a potential danger if off meds. So oppression goes on, and those who are the victims yield, out of no choice, or in complete trust of those who treat them.
The way mental hospitals harass patients to never even think of stopping meds, I feel certain that those who finally do get out and off their drugs experience the terror of a culture that tolerates what I must call a total lie. There is no other word for it. It’s not paranoia, but justified concern, fear of what a society has done before and will do again. Walk softly and speak in a mild tone; dare not contradict the professional who claims “expert” authority. (Am I safe for prattling so? Please, just erase or bum this if it offends, and I'll seek a safer place for my opinions.)
Some like to take drugs, mostly because the professionals say they need them, but my expertise in the matter seeks a drug-free society. Please! I do not mean your Tylenol, Amoxil or whatever that pain relief shot is when childbirth has one more minute to go, or that stuff the dentist gives when he is drilling, etc.
For one who has always been fair, very healthy physically and morally, it really is a pitiful place to be and have medical professionals come onto you via the claims of others, a judge's order laying one of those “nonexistent illnesses” (to quote Erma Bombeck) on you which gives them the right to drug you for life. I might have just let this lie, hushed up and found some place to survive; but, as I've learned from the Bible and in criminal law class; “Who is to be held liable or accountable if you know injustice exists, are a victim of it, and do not accuse?”
If anyone had gumption enough to take you to court for refusing to acknowledge injustice, and even human rights violations done to you and still being done to others, it’d be you who’d have need to defend yourself. Complacency is the inability to conceive of a remedy.
I am chancing writing about this again, a thing I’ve not done much of lately: voicing complaints against Searcy. Somebody has to. Somebody must. Jerry Pilgrim makes himself out a victim; but, you can tell, I am incapable of being dangerous to myself or anyone. Thank God for constitutional rights and a free press.
Editor’s note Thanks, Beverly Jo. You had a good case going until that last sentence.
There are scandals enough to go around.

X
514-1988 or Lynn Goodman (334) 5674311
y r WtOani
a
and the pharmaceutical industries are out front alongside nanny cops and judges. If you think you're out of the nuthouse after this latest ten-month sojourn. I’ve got news for you. Waking up under new wallpapers doesn't indicate moving into a sane world In today’s unreal culture, unruly Johnn\ gets Ritalin, not discipline. Pharmaceutical.' aren't the fastest-growing industry, cither, but a close second behind government, with smoke and mirrors also “promising." Speaking of which (government or smoke? both!), should you send this story to your "representative,” he’ll immediately take action by installing another form-letter writer, a form investigator and two USA PATRIOT Actors; one to put you away asa convicted felon, the second to prosecute The First Freedom's act of terrorism for publishing these forbidden truths.
Please help us get the word out that the Southern Movement is alive and growing! Advertise in. subscribe to and hand out The First Freedom, that we might reach like-minded souls and kick some of that liberal “compassion’* off our backs sooner. See coupon on bottom of page 5 for rates and options.
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka. AL CSA 36183 (2661249 9100
( aah 1 n*ii*		l.25lb.
Pawn-lint		Farm Halted
Sell - Trade		“Von < nil'll'
		Callhi
Gun* • Taab		< oalcdcrate
I. let Ironic*		Shills I apt
Jewelry		Bril Him Mo
	^	-3E	VIIA flag*
kiilvr* • Ammo • llumpci Slicker* • Brmi|N • tobaccoj tluililing erevletl In I1U
IXOVD CAPKRTON, Owoer - C apKSAia aolcum Trraiurri. Alabama League of 16* Soatb j J
— Alabama —
April 2003 The First Freedom 5
2,000 Calhoun County men gave their lives
A combined staff report This is exciting! Offensive action such as this; like the FOF lawsuit in Selma, and Roger Broxton’s suit which has temporarily halted Warner's plans to turn our Alabama Capitol into a civil rights shrine! We should have learned from Joseph E. Johnston and Braxton Bragg that defensive maneuvering does not work.
Tom Smith of Anniston, sculptor of the Forrest Monument, informs us he is again busy carving another memorial to our South's fallen heroes. The yapdog media can croon revised “history” all they want, but time, art and history will sort the truth from such temporal yapping.
Men of old
By William’s Pen
County Elmore, Occupied CSA
Where have gone the men of old who lived by faith and honor, men with manners, charm and grace? *Tis a question we must ponder.
What's become of chivalry and men who dressed with pride, men whose word was good as gold, men who never lied?
Where is all the sturdy stock that once carved out a nation?
They’ve been replaced by socialists all bent on usurpation.
Where do boys while growing up find men to emulate, instead of “jocks" whose claim to fame is filling up their plates?
And how can we expect to see young men grow up to lead, when all they find are bureaucrats at public trough to feed?
Where have gone the men of grit who disciplined there lives, and when they married, married once, and lifelong kept their wives?
By cmiiraaf now whmt do we see? most marriage contracts broken, or worse, we see the end result when vows are never spoken.
Honor and fidelity as Moses* Tablet taught have been replaced by, “All for me!" and, “Cheat, but don't get caught.**
What shining light does youth now see in men of high position, where none could hold a match for Lee nor follow his tradition?
Statesmen once our land produced and most came from the South. Politicians now we have with lies from every mouth.
The rule of law is swept away by judges who* ve grabbed power while idly by, the people sit and watch TV for hours.
But where are all the Christian men who flock to church on Sunday, when needed to stand up for right and back Judge Moore on Monday?
How silent are the pulpits now when God’s law is in question?
The preachers haven’t said a word, not even a suggestion.
Where are all the men of God to champion God's Decree?
They're trembling all, for fear they’ll lose their 50I-C-3.
Why does not “the Cloth** speak out against this travesty to nullify God's Ten Commands that’s pushed by Morris Sleaze?
The men of old would not have stood a moment or an hour and watched a federal judge to dare and seize illegal power.
Nay, I say! Our fathers* spirits would rise up from their graves, did they but know our land is ruled by whoremongers and knaves.
Men like Clinton, Newt and Lott, and don't forget Sleaze Dees, would all be hung on hangman's ropes swung from the highest trees!
What our land severely needs in place of creeps like these are some stalwart men of old to bring them to their knees.
This stone is 36 feet long by 5 feet tall, not including the memorial infrastructure. The park in which it will reside includes several hundred acres. Of Zimbabwe Black Granite, it is solid black with no veining. The park is in Ohatchee, Alabama, and Mr. Smith is receiving the stone momentarily. Asked why he’s doing this, the sculptor replied: “Because God said to. You ask
To the Lt. Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest Monument — dedicated before the Smitherman Historic Bonding and Museum shown above on October 7,2001 by the Friends of Forrest Monument Committee in honor of the General for his military service to the Confederacy and defense of Selma - former Mayor Joe Smitherman had given his blessing. But a small, vocal group of protesters led by “Selma Rose** Sanders, wife of Sen. Hank Saudert and beneficiary of state funds diverted to her many ethnic organizations, intent on denying others the right to celebrate tMr heritage, demanded its removal. She even led a mob of vandals to desecrate the site In attempting to prevail, without laterventlou from Selma *0 current mayor. Finally, the city council gave la to her terrorism and relocated the monument. Friends of Forrest responded by taking this hate crime to the courts. On Oct. 18,2002 the city of Selma shelled out S52395 far defense, but that didn’t stop the lawsuit. It now goes on to Federal Court In Mobile, where If. S. District Judge Brevard Haud says Friends of Forrest may sue on the following grounds: The city of Selma denied Friends of Forrest equal protection under the 14th Amendment by falling to prosecute those vandab; Mayor James Perkins Jr., in his individual capacity, defamed the group by allegedly telling a TV reporter and the Selma Police that a person associated with Friends of Forrest had telephoned Councilwoman Jean Martin and threatened her; the city of Selma In moving the Forrest monument breached Its contract with Friends of Forrest; and the city converted Its property when moving the Forrest monument.
- www.forrestmonument.org
who’s paying for it? The county commission, together with the Tige Anderson SCV Camp! And it will be completely Confederate friendly.
“We’re real proud of our project, and we’ll have our hands full for the next three or four weeks. Dedication time will be here too quick for me.
“Basically, we carved out the side of a rather large hill and have put in walkways, drive paths with parking, and are now building our structure to hold the stone. We’ll have picnic tables and flags and stuff.
“Yes, I’m the one who did that Forrest Monument. I also put the first monument of any kind in Gaines Mill National Park (to Cadmus Wilcox's Alabama Brigade) and one or two others - modesty prevents me from downright bragging.
“We’re changing our dedication date to Jefferson Davis* birthday in June to give more people a chance to attend.
“We started about two years ago planning to put up a small stone, then decided to expand our project to become a real eye catcher. Since 1 know the stone carver we got it at cost. Our memorial now is world class, and will contain the names of all known Calhoun County Confederates who died during 1861-1865. Over 2,000 died from this county, and we have nearly 1,000 confirmed names. That’s 2,000 from one county in four years versus 1,850 total dead from the entire State of Alabama for Korea and Vietnam combined.
“The memorial is going up in Ohatchee in the upper east corner of Calhoun County where Jannie Furnace is located, and the Calhoun County Commission is supporting our monument 110%! A park has been built, a mess of acres have been bought, infrastructure is being laid, 5K runs arc being held there and reenactments too. The county commission has been a godsend with their dedication to history. And they plan to put great effort into turning our
Your tax dollars at work - Hiding the ^ -fl Confederate Monument at the Alabama ^ J State Capitol behind rented scaffolding for months
park into a tourist attraction.
“Best of all, it will be historically correct and Confederate to the core!
Those wishing to congratulate Tom Smith may send him email at tdstudios^mindspnng.com
Action!
Alabama Senators BARRON, Lowell 334-242-7858
BEDFORD, Roger BIDDLE, Jack, 111 BUTLER, Tom BYRNE, Bradley DENTON, Bobby DIAL, Gerald DIXON, Larry ENFINGER, Jeff ERWIN, Henry E. FRENCH, Steve HOLLEY, Jimmy LEE, Curt LINDSEY, W.H. LITTLE, T.D.
LITTLE, Zeb MARSH, Del MEANS, Larry MITCHELL, Wendell MITCHEM, Hinton MYERS. H.E.
POOLE. Phil PREUiTT. Jim ROBERTS, Tommy Ed SMITH, Haiti Anne TANNER, Gary WAGGONER, J. T.
334-242-7862
334-242-7846
334-242-7854
334-242-7897
334-242-7888
334-242-7882
334-242-7895
334-242-7885
334-242-7873
334-242-7851
334-242-7845
334-242-7891
334-242-7843
334-242-7865
334-242-7855
334-242-7877
334-242-7857
334-242-7883
334-242-7876
334-242-7886
334-242-7889
334-242-7898
334-242-7874
334-242-7879
334-242-7894
334-242-7892
Some Whites have gumption
By Ellen Williams On Thursday, Feb. 27, 2003, attorneys for Friends of Forrest took depositions from the African-American mayor of Selma and the scalawag White councilwoman Jean
Martin. These two fine citizens were largely responsible for the N.B. Forrest Monument being moved from the grounds of a Confederate Museum, the Smitherman Building, to Old Live Oak Cemetery in Selma.
After we had dedicated that Monument on Oct. 7,2001, the mayor removed it from the Smitherman building on Feb. 26,2002. This trial is on the Federal docket to be heard the first week in July, 2003. Friends of Forrest are bringing this civil rights suit against Mayor Perkins, Mrs. Martin and the city of Selma. It charges that though there are two other monuments on public property in Selma, the King Monument and the Rev. Reeb Monument, those were not held to the same standards as the city used in removing the Forrest Monument. If FOF wins this suit, it will mean that Confederate Southern Americans are a recognized nationality (ethnicity) and have the same protections under the 14th Amendment as do other minorities.
of
OF ZiKtE
SKEER ROAD, nnnQunces the shingle out front, and, before proceeding down this drive beneoth the Fort Dixie sign, best notice afl five Confederate flags flying behind that fence on the left and make certain you’re welcome by these Dallas County folks. “Selma Rose" Sanders, leader off the Black mob that tried to vandalize their CSA Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest monument and landed In court wouldn’t venture an Inch down It much less the political mileage she had hoped to gain as per habit when to often seeing timid Whites elsewhere roll over and play dumb for every media-favored “victim" that rampages against civilization.
(at fan (w
Spa
-----  «C||t	A nwr-yUS SMatS^Kofr
In l(l fWn» *CJU sniffy
j The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, Silvcrhill, Alabama 36576!
Flintridge Trading Post
P O Box 1544 Semmes. Alabama 36575
Bill Cox (334)263-7753
Ken Hearin 251)463-5619
swords, cones, knives, leather vests, rebel items
On the third Thursday of each month the
Couocil of Conservative Citizens
meets near Cullman, Alabama at Jack’s Truck Stop Restaurant 1-65 A AL 69. Those wishing to eat should begin arriving at 6:00 PM as the program starts at 7:00. Members from north and central Alabama cquncils meet Jointly at this time.
RJ
NAMI
MAIL ADDRI SS
CITY
ST All
;□ Here’s SI5 for a one-year subscription.
1 □ $20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.* I □ $10 for 200 extra copies of a recent issue.; • □ Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie” decals.; J □ $	as	a	patron. Keep it going! !
Two corporations
(Continued from page 3)
“Go on to the Library of Congress and find out what you can about the Federal Reserve System.*’ So I did it. And now, almost 50 years later. I'm still at it.
Valentine: Now when you... You were just a young student. And Ezra Pound was a very controversial figure, world-renowned figure. [He] ended up, actually, exiled in Italy, didn’t he?
Mullins: Yes, he did. And, in fact, he was never tried. They finally dropped all the charges against him, after holding him for thirteen-and-a-half years, and he went back to Italy!
Valentine: What were the charges?
Mullins: Uh, treason...
Valentine: Sedition? That sort of thing? Mullins: Yes. They claimed that he had given aid and comfort to the enemies of the United States. Well, unfortunately, the enemies of the United States were Franklin D. Roosevelt and Alger Hiss. You know, it was Alger Hiss who secured Ezra Pound’s indictment for treason from the Department of Justice.
Valentine: The famous turncoat, Alger Hiss.
Alger Hits
Mullins: Yes. The Soviet KGB agent. Valentine: And now the media was coming out with a story, trying to say, “Oh
Alger Hiss wasn 'I really a *commie.
Mullins: Oh they've been saying that for years.
I was in Washington at the height of Alger Hiss' trials. We had meetings every day with Jim Wiggins, editor of the Washington Post. George Stimpson, founder of the National Press Club. And boy, did we have some battle royalcs about the Alger Hiss case.
Valentine: I'll bet!
All right, so you’ve been bom and raised in this area of Virginia, near the nation’s capital, haven’t you?
Mullins: Yes. I’m not far from Washington. In fact, I really grew up on Capitol Hill and the Library of Congress! Not only... Actually [I] was on the staff of the Library of Congress for quite awhile.
Valentine: Is that right. See, no wonder you had access to a lot of things. And Ezra Pound, then: did you get to know him pretty well?
Mullins: Oh I visited him every day for three years. And for three years, every day, he lectured me on world history! So that’s how I found out what I know.
Valentine: That is fascinating.
All right. My guest is Eustace Mullins. And we arc talking about history. We’re gonna just talk, if you don’t mind, in a general way, Eustace, about things that you have seen, starting back in the times when you were influenced by Ezra Pound and it shaped your life for you. And what we have gone through since then, to the point we are now I think it would be kind of an interesting trail to follow.
I'm Tom Valentine, this is Radio Free America
[...commercial break...]
All right, we’re back. live. If you’d like to join us, it’s 1- 800-259-9231. Those of you out there who arc not into the idea of conspiracies, you're gonna get a real education here.
All right, so here you were, Eustace, as a young man. And now, here we are, this many years later. Have you ever sat down and just kind of chronicled in your mind
— Wake-up call —
, both communist: the “united nations” and the media
how things have followed the patterns that people like Ezra Pound predicted they would?
Mullins: Oh very much so. You see, Ezra had already been studying this situation for 40 years when I met him. So he turned over a lot of that 30,40 years of research to me, which got me off to a flying start. And when I published my federal reserve book in 1952 (it’s been in print since 1952), I would go to meetings and people would (and I was quite young-looking in those days), and people would say to me. “That’s a great book that your father wrote.’’ Valentine: Yeah.
Mullins: Because they couldn’t believe that I had written this definitive history of the central bank at my age. And, of course, 1 could not have done it without Pound’s guidance.
Valentine: All right. There’s a lot of people that don’t really understand why you and I will say that the federal reserve is the biggest problem America has. Can... Put together: why is it and how... Tell the story of how it came to pass.
Mullins: Well they had a secret meeting at the millionaires club, on Thanksgiving of 1910, at Jekyll Island. Georgia. Which, at that time, the members of the Jekyll Island club controlled one-sixth of the wealth of the entire world. These people were very powerful: Rockefeller. Morgan, Aldrich... The same people, by the way, the same banking houses, which are running the world today, they got together in 1910. And this “federal reserve” was simply a takeover scheme! It was sort of like a Mafia group of chieftains, getting together for the biggest robbery in history! Valentine: And Nelson Aldrich was a very powerful senator. And he was related to the Rothschilds, I mean to Rockefellers, and so he was the one that pushed it through Congress.
Mullins: Well he certainly was. And also, he was the chairman at this secret meeting down there. And of course, his daughter married John D. Rockefeller, Jr. So that’s how he had a grandson named Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller.
Valentine: O.K. Now. Nelson Rockefeller’s a very familiar name - the grandson. Now these fellows: why would commercial bankers like this - the House of Morgan, and I believe even the European bankers are in on this, are they not?
Mullins: Oh yeah. Well this meeting was actually commissioned by Albert Rothschild of London. It was a Rothschild meeting, really.
Valentine: O.K. So the banking House of Rothschild... And 1 remember another name, a very powerful name, called Warburg.
Mullins: Oh the Warburg... Paul Warburg was there at Jekyll Island. He represented the House of Rothschild in the United States, secretly, through a firm called Kuhn-Loeb Company, of New York. Valentine: Well they're still around! Mullins: Oh yeah. Kuhn-Loeb is now part of Lehman Brothers, Shearson-Lehman. But Kuhn-Locb’s senior partner at that time, Paul Warburg’s senior partner, Jacob Schiff. actually advanced $20 million of his personal funds to perpetrate the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia!
Valentine: That’s a famous story that's not famous.
Mullins: That's right. And you see. it took me many years of research to find out that Communism had been totally backed and financed and promoted by the federal reserve system!
Valentine: That is just a sea rev thing for Americans to hear. 'Cause - Wait a minute! We just spent 40 years in a Cold War. You mean to tell me we were building up all of our armaments and everything for people that we financed!?
Mullins: That’s right! Even during the Cold War, the federal reserve system continued to finance the Soviet Union - which was never a viable economy; it was a Third World economy. And we continued to
finance, through the federal reserve system, through the Bank for International Settlements, in Switzerland. That’s how we kept the Soviet Union going all these years. That’s why we had to spend $248 billion a year for defense against this monstrous Soviet Union during the Cold War!
Valentine: And the guys in... Wall Street types actually financed it, in order to get it going and to build ourselves an enemy. Mullins: They had to, from the very beginning. From 1917 on. In fact, Anthony Sutton has a very good book: Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution, which gives you a lot of the facts on that. And, of course. I have that in my World Order also. Valentine: Yes. The New World Order Has it.
Now, it’s interesting. Money. They want to control the money. And they did that, naturally, because the federal reserve system - which is a private banking group, based upon what you discovered is absolute proof...
And oh! One more item. Didn’t it slip through Congress at a very strange period in time?
Mullins: Uh Christmas of 1913. Valentine: Christmas. Wait around for the Christmas break and pass it through Congress.
Was it a voice vote?
Mullins: No, it was a majority vote.
You see. what happened: many of the congressmen who opposed this federal reserve act in 1913 (including Charles Lindbergh of Minnesota, father of the aviator), they had to go home for Christmas, which was a long trip in those days. There were no 747s to whisk them [to] Minnesota in a couple hours. And so they left about the 15th of December. Well on December the 23rd, the senators who were left rushed it through Congress and got it passed... Valentine: And they had a quorum. Mullins: And they had a quorum, and it was passed legally. And the New York Times commented: “Never has legislation of such importance been passed so quickly under such circumstances.”
Valentine: And yet the people didn’t catch on! And of course they didn't catch on because the New York Times didn’t really say, “This is a scam They probably were all for it.
Mullins: Oh they were for it entirely. Well in fact, the Warburg... Paul Warburg, who secretly wrote the federal reserve system, was actually controlling the New York Times at that time.
Valentine: Fascinating. And people wonder why you and I are “conspiracy nuts.” Mullins: Yes.
Valentine: [laughs] All right, my guest is Eustace Mullins. We're talking now about his books and about the, well, “conspiracy fact.”
And you live in these United States. You need to know these things.
Tm Tom Valentine, this is Radio Free America.
[...commercial break...]
All right, we are back. live. My guest is Eustace Mullins, the author of a number of books: The New World Order, Secrets of the Federal Reserve. Murder by Injection, The Rape ofJustice, The Curse of Canaan, and Education for Slavery, a brand new one.
Now I’ve not read all of those. I’ve got three of them I have read. In fact. The Secrets of the Federal Reserve (this’ll bring back memories for you. Eustace), I picked that up in a used bookstore in 1978 and read it - the old, yellow -covered paperback, you remember?
Mullins: Oh yes. Um-hmm [affirmative]. Valentine: Yeah. And so that goes back quite awhile. You’ve been around.
Like I said, you published this in *52. And I got an old one, an old copy, out of a used bookstore, way back then.
All right. John, in Folsom. Louisiana. You're on. with Eustace Mullins.
John: Good afternoon, Tom! Great
pleasure to hear Mr. Eustace Mullins I have his book, also from a second-hand store Is it true that Kuhn and Loeb got their financial start manufacturing military, army uniforms in Cincinnati, Ohio, for the Union forces during the Civil War? Mullins: Yeah, that’s true. They were actually outfitters. And they made so much money out of the Civil War that they went into banking. Because they made gold; in those days you were paid in gold. And they had so much gold, that they went to New York and became the banking house of the House of Rothschild in New York City. John:	Now	an	author named
“Wexler”(sp?) in Merchant Bankers says that Baron Rothschild set up the world’s most extensive, effective, efficient, worldwide intelligence system two centuries ago. I prefer to believe that it's still intact and that it beats the KGB. or it beats the CIA, even today.
Would you comment on that? Valentine: That’s an interesting question! Mullins: Well it is, that’s true. In fact, these intelligence services go back to the Bank of England in 1694. Because bankers found out that when you deal in large sums of money, you have got to have accurate information about the guy you’re lending it to and what are his prospects of ever paying you back.
So the intelligence business was not a governmental business; it was a banking business. It always has been a banking business. The CIA, you know, in this country, is called “The Company” because they're very heavily into banking and investments. Bill Casey was one of the biggest operators on Wall Street - he was head of the CIA.
So this... We’re talking... When you talk about international intelligence and James Bond and “007,” you're talking about guys who are really working for the bankers. Valentine: I... Hold on a minute. John. IT let you go.
But I’ve heard. Eustace, from a very reliable source (and then I've heard from unreliable sources: Gunther Russbacher is an unreliable source, but he seconded this motion) that “The Company”, the Mossad. MI-5 (or what it is), and the KGB - all of them are actually in the employ of the banking, of the banking community... Mullins: Sure. And they work together! You know. KGB and CIA were supposedly rivals. But. in fact. Kim Phi I by. of the British secret intelligence service, moved to Moscow and became a lieutenant-general in the KGB!
Valentine: Yes. Well he was supposedly one of the most notorious double, or triple, agents in history. But I think it’s all... I'm with you: it's all a scam The bankers run all three or four units.
Mullins: They certainly do. and they do work together. And that's why. right now. Bill Clinton is over there in the Middle East at the mercy of Mossad. (I don't know if he's got a one-way ticket or not. I m kind of concerned about...)
Editor's note This program was taped on October 28, 1994. but no better account of the true state of the world exists anywhere. The call-in number and broadcast signals (pg. I) ha\ e been updated for Radio Free America. Valentine: I was concerned about it too. but it doesn’t look like it.
Mullins: Apparently not.
Valentine: John. Anything else?
John: ...Philby is more honest and more decent than Alger Hiss: he’s “come clean."
Is it true, or is it a coincidence, that [the] Standard Oil empire and llie influence that they exert have never competed with Russian oil?
Mullins: Never. No. they’ve always worked together.
These people at the top level never compete with each other It’s like, you know, Gimbcls and Maeys in New York, they know what each other's doing, but they don’t undercut each other that much.
— Wake-up call
John: Great... Great conversation. Have a great day.
Valentine: Thanks, John. Good questions. I'll tell ya, that's right.
It is interesting. Now I have said, though, on this air, that these people, in the boardroom (I call ’em “the immaculate ‘they’”) who run everything in the world today - the heirs of this legacy that you have written about so well — will, are just like other humans: they’re going to compete, they're going to fight one another, even though they have a tight control. And you would disagree with that.
Mullins: Oh no. They have terrible battles among themselves. There's a lot of rivalry, a lot of back stabbing. But in the final analysis, it’s them against you. They will always hold each other up in order to keep their control over you and me.
Valentine: They like to divide the world up: “You get Indo-China and 1*11 take Japan. You get this, and I’ll take Arkansas.** That kind of thing, huh?
Mullins: Oh “Divide and Rule” is the motto of the World Order! How they control people.
Valentine: O.K.
Now, it's interesting. The four areas that I've jotted down here, after looking at the titles of your books, in which the people who want to control the world — / don't have this ambition. 1 don’t know if you do or not. But I really wouldn't want to control the world if you offered it to me! Mullins: Most normal, healthy people would not.
Valentine: O.K. So. The areas that they’ve gone after, in order of importance, appear to be (1) money - federal reserve, control the money, the issue of the money is very important. Right?
Mullins: Yeah, that’s why they set up central banks. The first central bank, in 1694, was the Bank of England. Which... The stock was taken by the royal family of England and the leading dukes of England. And they have run that ever since! You've got 300 years there.
Valentine: I heard (and this is one I'll let you comment; you probably know), that when William and Mary went back to England — that’s when the Bank of England was set up — they were financed by a Holland financier by the name of Suarez(sp?), and he, for his backing, they gave him the right to establish a central bank. And he used a guy, a Scotsman named Patterson, as a front.
Mullins: Right. William Patterson was a front for the Amsterdam bankers. In fact, they ditched Patterson within a few years after they set up the Bank of England. He was only with it about six years and then he was history, he was gone.
Valentine: Well that was the purpose of having him in there, was to give it history so they disguised who really owned it! Mullins: Oh yeah. But it was the Amsterdam bankers. It was Amsterdam bankers who financed William's invasion of England and taking over the throne of England by force!
Valentine: Eustace Mullins, my guest. 1-800-259-9231, the number.
I’m Tom Valentine, this is Radio Free America.
[...commercial break...]
All right. I’m just havin’ a lot of fun here today. I just blew a one-minute spot by cornin’ off five seconds early. But wc will get it down pat. Someday I’ll know how to do this radio business stuff.
Anyway, Eustace Mullins is my guest, (...info on how to get books...] And Murder by Injection is where I’m going next It’s a very interesting book. And because of my interest in health, my favorite of his many good books, [...info on books and upcoming appearances by Eustace Mullins...]
Now. Eustace. You have money and the federal reserve and these guys behind it. And then there’s schools, with your new book on the Education for Slavery. Then the law and judges, and I believe that was in The Rape of Justice.
Mullins: Yeah, The Rape of Justice. Each one is a separate, monopoly study. I became
interested in monopolies through the federal reserve system. And I realized that because they now had the power to print money, since 1913, they were printing the money and taking over other areas. So that’s why you now have the medical monopoly, the American Medical Association, the medical trust. You have the legal monopoly, which controls the courts of the United States. And when you go into court, you are at their mercy because they can do whatever they wish.
Valentine: Yep. And you’ve got the school monopoly.
Mullins: And the education monopoly! And they found that was the most important one of all, because, by training the children to accept these other monopolies [and] never question authority.... Don’t forget, the 14th amendment said, “It’s illegal to challenge the national debt!”
Valentine: Is that right!? The 14th amendment actually makes that statement? I gotta read that again.
Mullins: Oh yes. It says that it’s a violation to question the validity of the national debt! In other words, you say, Tom Valentine says, “Well, they create this money out of nothing!” Well you’ve just committed a violation of the 14th amendment by saying that!
Valentine: By the way, they had a meeting of law enforcement police chiefs and so on down in “Albasqueeky,** New Mexico here, a few months ago. And I’ve just recently heard about it. And they’ve listed the “terrorists.” And people who oppose the federal reserve, and people who oppose the income tax, and people who oppose NAFTA, are now on the list of terrorists in this country.
Mullins: Yeah, they call it “Constitutional terrorists.”
Valentine: Well! Aren't we something.
Well healtht to me, is a big one. If you control the people’s health, they're not gonna think so clearly.
Mullins: Well, and that’s why John D. Rockefeller himself, the same man whose son-in-law created the federal reserve system at Jekyll Island, he also, in 1907, John D. Rockefeller decided to go into the health business. And you see, his father, the founder of the Rockefeller dynasty, was William Rockefeller - who was a side-show barker who called himself “the world's greatest cancer specialist” and sold bottles of oil for $5 apiece in the 1860s. That’s how far this goes back. They were into cancer over 100 years ago. And so his son, John, the original John D. Rockefeller, went into the health business as early as 1907.
Valentine: And in the health business, of course, they found themselves a “quack,” and used that “quack” to establish the American Medical Association [AMA]! Mullins: They certainly did. Because a “quack,” by definition, is an unapproved doctor, a doctor who has no training. And any medication which is not approved by these same “quacks” - they call it “quack medicine”!
Valentine: That’s right. And who was that first AMA founder, and the AMA journal? Mullins: That was Abraham Flexner(sp?) and “Doc” William Simmons(sp?) of Lincoln, Nebraska. “Doc” Simmons was a man who had two fake medical degrees. And he is the person who created the American Medical Association as we know it today. He took it over in 1898. Valentine: This Dr. Simmons - they made a famous movie based on him, that he tried to drive his wife nuts.
Mullins: Uh yes he did. Because she objected to his having a mistress there in Chicago. And so he decided he would give her drugs and drive her insane and put her in an asylum. And that would end this criticism.
Well it didn’t work. She took him to court and got a divorce. And do you know how that became a very famous movie, “Gaslight,” with Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman!
Valentine: Yep. I was just sayin*, “Gaslight,” [with] Charles Boyer [and]
Ingrid Bergman, is based upon a true story of the original head of the AMA. And you mentioned the name of the guy who set him up - Abraham Flexner.
Mullins: Yeah. Flexner was John D. Rockefeller’s “stool pigeon” in setting up the takeover of the entire medical school industry by Carnegie Foundation, which was a Rockefeller Foundation subsidiary at that time.
Valentine: Yes,- that’s interesting. The Carnegie Foundation is also the Carnegie Endowment, [which] is the big one behind education. [To see how the Carnegie Foundation encroached on our universities, ca. 1880-1920, see Universities and the Capitalist State, by Clyde Barrow, published by the University of Wisconsin Press.]
Mullins: It certainly is. And they’re totally controlled by the Rockefeller Foundation. When you say “Carnegie Foundation,” you’re talking about something that has no substance. It’s entirely under the domination of the Rockefellers.
Valentine: Interesting stuff
Now. Abraham Flexner. Wasn’t there a thing called “The Flexner Report”? Mullins: He did “The Flexner Report,” and this changed the medical schools of the United States from homeopathic, naturopathic medicine, to allopathic medicine - which was a German school of medicine which depended on the heavy use of drugs, radical surgery, and long hospital stays. That’s what we’ve got today, allopathic medicine.
Valentine: Yes. And then the next thing you need to control is the insurance industry and the hospital industry. And then you nationalize it and you’ve got everything! Mullins: That’s right. And what Hillary Clinton was hoping to do for Senator Jay Rockefeller, the man behind health care “reform,” she was going to deliver the health industry of the United States to him in a package tied up with a red ribbon. But she didn't make it.
Valentine: Yeah, let's hope the American people keep getting smarter. Thanks to books like [by] my guest, Eustace Mullins, you can do it
If you’d like to join us in the last segment, 1-800-259-9231.
I’m Tom Valentine. This is Radio Free America.
[...commercial break...]
All right, Mr. and Mrs. America: every single morning when you wake up, you are surrounded by monopolies. Your life is actually dominated by monopolies. And yet your government has the gall to tell you that they have such a thing as “anti-trust laws.” You have a monopoly on your money, the very lifeblood of your daily commerce. You have a monopoly on your health: don't dare practice medicine without a license. You have a monopoly on the schools. Oh yes. And on the courts. [And don't forget the media monopoly.]
The man who has studied each of these monopolies and has put forth a book on them, very thorough books, is my guest right now, Eustace Mullins. And the books are. The New World Order, Secrets of the Federal Reserve. Murder by Injection, The Rape ofJustice, The Curse of Canaan, and Education for Slavery.
And you even have looked at the religious monopoly out there.
Mullins: Oh I certainly have! Because 1 found that the Rockefellers... In fact, the Evangelical Association was set up by the British secret service in 1848. And then they exported it to this country [and] it became the National Council of Churches. And so they’ve been very active in the religious movement.
Valentine: The National Council of Churches is actually a British spy agency off-shoot?
Mullins: Oh yeah, it was set up by Lord Henry Palmerston, the head of the British secret service and British foreign minister! Valentine: And their purpose is?
Mullins: To control the people through their religious observance.
Valentine: That is one of the most
April 2003 The First Freedom 7
important aspects of people’s lives. And we have watched basic Christianity being washed down, watered down if you will, by the National Council on Churches, year in and year out.
Mullins: Oh and they’ve been very liberal, very revolutionary. In fact, they invented what they call “liberation theology” in which they intended to liberate the Third World from you and me!
Valentine: Huh. “Liberation theology” means... I thought it was to liberate the homosexuals and the females!
Mullins: Well they’re doing that too. Valentine: Not that they were slaves, but... Mullins: All of the monopolies work together. They have a common program and goals. And they’re very vociferous in their demands, too.
Valentine: It is really interesting, how they’ve done it Now. In your Murder by Injection you also dealt with the psychiatric profession. Mullins: 1 certainly did. I exposed Dr. Ewcn Cameron, who was head of the World Psychiatrist Association - in fact, he created it - and he also worked very closely with the CIA and the British secret service in mind control, mind altering techniques. And they were very active in LSD, Lysergic Acid, and other mind altering drugs.
Valentine: And those kids of the '60s thought that they were doing something on their own, that they were rebelling against something when they are actually set-ups. Mullins: They were set up all the way. They were victims. And some of those people are still suffering today from the things that Dr. Cameron and these conspirators... Dr. Sidney Gottlieb was the head of the mind altering drug division of the CIA. He was on television the other night, but he wouldn't answer any questions.
Valentine: [laughs] You didn't get a chance to ask him any, either! \f you'd have been with him!
You're persona non grata with the establishment.
Mullins: Oh very much sof fn fact, there’s an “iron curtain” on any mention of my name or any of my books in the establishment press.
Valentine: An “iron curtain.”
Well, I’ll tell ya what: I am very proud to say that you’re a friend and have been on this show a number of times. That you're appearing at my conference. And you certainly have performed a fantastic service for people.
Mullins: Well it's fascinating work, every minute of it.
Valentine: It is. And as life goes on, you see it, the monopolies, you sec them set their hooks ever deeper, don’t you?
Mullins: They certainly do. Because they have only one way to go: they have to constantly extend their power. They can never relax, they can never ease back. They have to constantly be getting the people more and more under their control. Valentine: Yeah! Because the way the Soviet Union fell, the “front men” of the Soviet Union had their statues toppled by the people. But the real backers of communism weren’t touched.
Mullins: No indeed. They're still in the background.
Valentine: All right. Well I'll tell ya: one of these days, maybe the sleeping giant will wake up. and it will be because of courageous writers like yourself. And I want to thank you very much for giving me your hour. And we will see you on Saturday, November the 5th, Eustace. Mullins: I'm looking forward to it. Tom. Valentine: We’ll see ya then.
There he is, folks! And can you imagine: all these monopolies. And we don’t pay any attention to ’em! Wc don’t even consider them monopolies! But they are. Money. Health. Schools. Courts. Churches. - monopolized by a single agenda.
And this man started off with the money. And as he pointed out: just a young student, influenced by Ezra Pound. And then he started studying the monopolies. C
The South —
It is quite hilarious to watch members of the press, some small groups of intolerant folk, and big Atlanta money corporations moan and cry. Gee, they have been telling us our state flag was not an issue; and now it seems to be all they can talk about. Let’s examine some of their ranting.
The big money corporations like Coke, BellSouth, Home Depot, etc. lobbied hard for a flag change. They doled out to former governor Barnes. Their PAC contributed to legislators voting with him. November has come and gone; the corporations are still here but many of those politicians aren't. Seems money can't really buy everything.
Those corporations reasoned our flag would hurt the state. Considering its growth under the 1956 Georgia flag, I find that reasoning seriously illogical. But they screamed loud for Atlanta! You might think such caring companies would be giving their all. Let's examine the record.
Last year, even after the blue rag was raised. Coke took its annual meeting to New York City. This year it will be in Houston, Texas. Home Depot will have their annual meeting in Chicago, Illinois. Delta Airlines held its meeting last year in Washington. I fail to see how that helps Atlanta or us, the other Georgia. BellSouth now forbids any Confederate flags in its yellow pages. Maybe the baby bell needs a new name. I have a few suggestions.
Press whiners are quick to remind us about slavery, but forget that it was legal under the U.S. flag for eighty years or so. They forget that slavery existed in the North. They forget there were slave states that fought for the North. They forget that West Virginia was admitted as a slave state two years after the North invaded the South.
They remind us constantly of lynching exhibits, forgetting that white people were also lynched and black mobs lynched some
blmck folkn. They proudly print the latest
slavery memorial, but are against “harmful reminders of slavery.” Can anyone besides me see the idiocy here?
The SCLC is against the Cross of St Andrew, a Christian symbol. So is some of the Jewish faith. It is, after all, “a harmful reminder of slavery.” But King David, King Solomon, Abraham, etc. owned slaves, and they are held in high regard by both religions. Even Jesus, descendant of slave owners, was proud of his heritage. Is Jesus, a son of David, a harmful reminder of slavery? Must God be put in a museum?
Those who opposed our beautiful state flag lack enough honor to allow the human right of voting without being divisive. They lost when Governor Barnes did, and know it All the lies they have told, and continue to tell about our heritage — from George Washington on down - have hit the last nerve for many real Americans. We will move no further. — CARL SEARS
Waycross
		
1	rERRORISM	
<2 £ A III		1861
The corporate takeover of America
The South legitimately withdrew from that compact which had been nullified by corporate takeover.
By Lloyd Caperton
In recent years, there has been a lot of anger over the renaming of some places first named after Georgej Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Jefferson Davis and others. Often I these names, and their culture, are also left out of history j discussions. To many of us this is a bad thing. But on the other hand is our America the same America they fought for? And, if I it is not, would they really want the world to associate their names with the modem perversion that is called America?
The old republic, known as the united states of America, was a free association of sovereign nation states united for mutual protection and commerce under the J constitution. The central government in Washington had no authority over the individual states as to how the citisens of those states conducted their lives and communities. The foreign policy of these united states was to promote trade I with other nations (mostly Europe at the| time), but never to get involved or meddle in the affairs of other nations.
When powerful corporation* based in the northern states gained enough control to change the national government into a new, centralised form whereby the federal government controlled state governments, the South, in order to keep the same type! government designed by the founding! fathers of the united states of America,] seceded.
The constitutions of the Confederate states and the united states were almost identical, except that the Confederacy had in its constitution provisions to prevent corporations from becoming monopolies and controlling government, a major reason for the South's having seceded.
After the military defeat of these states known as the Confederacy, during a time known as Reconstruction, big corporate money and treason prevailed and the world bankers gained even more control over the federal government of the united states of America. They founded a corporate entity called, “The United States of America.”
Defending Our Honor
By David Allen Alabama Division SCV Commander
|"0«C Of &L||
[the beet Bsb p^y****^ source books E
on the South. (Pm,,-,	,,
fhjrlfofiiir.
the War, its I aftermath, and our Heritage. I Chock full of I mformatioQ. it is a short and inexpensive I compliment to John Tilly's I classic Facti the Historians I Leave Out. This 72 page paperback has 32 pages of facts on the Articles of Confederation. Confederate and U.S. Constitutions, the Bill of Rights, the meaning of the Republic. Lincoln's duplicity. Slavery, and other topics. Part two is 33 pages of quotes including everyone from the Founding Fathers to current writers, both friends and enemies of the South, in a compact form."
- Nat Rudulph, Southern Events
To gel yourself a copy, send S6.0Q lo P.O. Box 1105. luurdouM. AL 35403. Big discounts by the classroom-sized boxfuls.
SOUTHRON BUSINESS LISTING Interesting stories about Alabama -The Source Historical A Adventure is published in volumes of four issues each, no particular deadline or schedule but we try for one volume per year. The Source welcomes articles, photographs and other unsolicited manuscripts from the public which can be mailed to P. O. Box 656, Russellville. AL 35653. No responsibility for loss or damage of materials and photos. Subscriptions $6.95 per volume of four issues or $11.95 for two volumes.
For a free copy of the Duke Report and info on joining the European-American Unity and Rights Organization send $2 to LA Chapter P.O. Box 5941 Thibodaux. LA 70302 or visit www.davidduke.com
WANTED:
The Mom a Pop shops that are now selling American goods to smuggle also The First Freedom into the hands of those in need of truth. Such corporate giants as are willing lo sec us enslaved on a global plantation won't help spread the word that our South remains the last best hope for defeating nihilism. Will you? www.gulftel.com/homeftee/adv.rates.htm
Advertise your business in this column. Just $10 per issue, maximum 70 words. Add $1 for each additional seven words.
Under the old republic of the founding fathers, usually only the word America had been capitalised. The term “these united states” was no specific name for a country. Corporate law requires the capitalisation of a corporate name. To go into detail on how it was done would require about 20 pages, but 1 can send that info to anyone who's interested. Little effort is made to hide the truth, yet by the same token they won’t teach this in government schools, either. It's not in the corporation's best interest for most of us to know such things.
Anyway, corporate law operates much as under the old Roman creeds, unlike the laws of the old American republic of the founding fathers which was modeled after British Common law based on Christian liberty and checked by the constitution. Under the new corporate United States, all American citisens and all property became assets of the corporation. The constitution was thereby relegated to a status similar to that of the ruling family of England, something for show but of no real power anymore, except when it can be changed • * J. VoVy •. anc* manipulated to benefit those who own the outfit.
I Corporations are usually i; created to generate profit £• * for their owners: in this case, the private and mostly foreign families of the Federal Reserve. This is why you, as an asset of the corporation, are expected to pay income tax. Any asset - a gas pump, a cash register, drink box or livestock - must generate income for its owners. And what of those on welfare? Their votes for higher taxes contribute value to the corporation. Real governments fight for the protection and prosperity of their citisens, and defend their borders against immigrant swarms. They go to war against real enemies. The corporation wages war for profit, seldom seeking quick victory but dragging it out as long as possible; i.e., Korea and Vietnam. Taking over Iraq with its oil is much more profitable than going after North Korea, a real enemy.
The corporate United States is, just like Wal-Mart and Coca Cola, multinational. America's historic borders and culture mean nothing to the corporation. What is the difference in a Mexican having a Coke ■	-	in	America	and	an American drinking one
in Mexico, when the same company sells those drinks at both places? Corporations merge, i.e., Time/Wamcr and AOL, etc.; most countries now being under corporate socialist control. So why not integrate the corporate United States, Canada and Mexico? Likewise, what difference does it make to the corporate United States whether an American fires a missile against a foreigner or that foreigner sends one against the American, since arms are being sold to both sides? Corporate profit mandates keep the wars going. Letting someone win ruins a good thing for the owners of the corporation.
Investing billions of corporate (your tax) dollars in Turkey today will help them purchase “our” arms. And when in a few years America is attacked with those arms, we get to fight there again promoting world democracy in case there's no Iraq to do the job for us anymore. Oh, Well! As I once heard a judge say: “We must do what we must do!”
But, while the corporate United States of America does what it does, I hate to hear the names of the founding fathers of the old republic mentioned in its rhetoric as if the de facto government we now have and the legitimate government they had then were one and the same. If the world is to hate America, let them hate the corporation and not the founders of the old, true republic under which such things would never have come to pass.
Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!	•
" - CapeCSA@nol.'com
VIRGINIA
RICHMOND - Come one, come all to the Pro-Southern Rally at Capital Square April 12th, 2003 11:00 AM to 12:00 noon. Come meet with other Southerners in the shadow of the building that housed the Confederate Congress. We are gathering to discuss the restoration of our lost liberties. Special guest speaker Professor Michael Hill pulls no punches when speaking on the glory of the Southern Cause. Should it rain, proceed to Confederate Memorial Chapel.
Next, a visit to Confederate Memorial Chapel 1:00 PM to 2:30 PM. After the rally ends at noon, take the drive two miles west to Memorial Chapel and visit this hidden treasure built by the Confederate Veterans themselves. See the stained glass windows proudly displaying the battles of our boys in gray, hear a spirit-lifting proSouthem sermon by Dr. H. Ron Rumburg for the feel of the moral high ground our ancestors took during those terrible years of 1861 to 1865 (no charge).
Then visit the Confederate White House 3:30 PM to 5:00 PM, about a half mile away from the Capital Grounds. You can walk through the offices of President Jefferson Davis during this tour and get the feel that you are back at the heart of the Cause.
After that tour it would be worthwhile to visit the Museum of the Confederacy next to the White House ($7 White House, $6 Museum; or $9.50 for both).
A banquet from 6:00 to 9:30 PM at the Comfort Inn Conference Center ends this great day for the South, where the food (one reason SCV Camp #1 has been meeting here for years) is superb. League of the South and SCV members, along with all ProSouthem folks, are welcome. A pair of exciting speakers - including Dr. Michael Hill, League of the South President - will make this occasion memorable. Cocktail hour and meals are by reservation only, but anyone may make a reservation. Cash cocktail bar and small talk 6:00 PM. $20 dinner buffet meal 7:00 PM (children $10). Payment must be received by April 8th. Make payable to Elliot Germain. P.O. Box 464. Hanover, Va. 23069. After the meal. Dr. Hill will address his message to today's political climate. Those not taking dinner may show up at 8:00 pm and hear the speakers without charge.
Then on Palm Sunday, April 13 at 10:00 AM, attend services at the gravesitc of CSA President Jefferson Davis. These locations are within a mile and a half radius. Take a tour also down Monument Avenue and see the Confederate Statuary. To ask directions: http://www.virginials.org/richmond.html or call (804) 994-2219. Sign form for rally: http://johnnyreb22553.tripod.com/south-emheritage/id51. html
CALENDAR
OF CONFEDERATE EVENTS
April 4, 5,6 April 4-6 April 5 April 5 April 6 April 11-13 April 12 April 12
April 24-27 May 2-4
May 2,3.4
May 10
May 23-25 June 7 July 12
Battle of Blakeley near Spanish Fort, Alabama Battle of Cuba Station, Gainesville. Alabama Dedication of Prattville Dragoons monument Confederate Decoration Day for CSA heroes (see pg. 12) Major rally - Richmond. Virginia by Virginia Division. SCV Battle of Foil Jackson at Buras, Louisiana
Confederate History and Heritage Day, Wetumpka (sec page 4) ProSouthem Rally at Capital Square. Richmond. Virginia (sec page 8)
Battle of Selma Forrest / Straight Raid at Blountsville, Alabama Alabama Division SCV Convention. Bay Mincite Honoring Pvt. Jasper and Alberta Martin at Cool Springs Cemetery. Opp. AL Battle of Roupe Valley Ironworks Tannchill State Park. Alabama Jefferson Davis Birthday Memorial. Montgomery Capitol 4th unnpql Ole BodfopTs Birthday Party. Godwin's FtDWic. Selma

A dreamer visits
Israeli Bulldozer murders an
American student trying to stop
the destruction of Palestinian
homes. Read her own words.
Excerpts from an e-mail sent by Rachel Corrie to her family on Feb. 7, 2003from the Gaza Strip.
1 have been in Palestine for two weeks and one hour now. and I still have very few words to describe what I see. It is most difficult for me to think about what’s going on here when 1 sit down to write back to the United States - something about the virtual portal into luxury. I don’t know if many of the children here have ever existed without tank-shell holes in their walls and the towers of an occupying army surveying them constantly from the near horizons. 1 think, although I'm not entirely sure, that even the smallest of these children understand that life is not like this everywhere. An eight-year-old was shot and killed by an Israeli tank two days before I got here, and many of the children murmur his name to me, “Ali”—or point at the posters of him on the walls. The children also love to get me to practice my limited Arabic by asking me “Kaif Sharon?” “Kaif Bush?” and they laugh when 1 say “Bush Majnoon” “Sharon Majnoon” back in my limited Arabic. (How is Sharon? How is Bush? Bush is crazy. Sharon is crazy.) Of course this isn’t quite what I believe, and some of the adults who have the English correct me: Bush mish Majnoon... Bush is a businessman. Today I tried to learn to say “Bush is a tool,” but I don’t think it translated quite right. But anyway, there are eight-year-olds here much more aware of the workings of the global power structure than I was just a few years ago - at least regarding Israel.
Nevertheless, I think about the fact that no amount of reading, attendance at conferences, documentary viewing and word of mouth could have prepared me for the reality of the situation here. You just can’t imagine it unless you see it, and even then you are always well aware that your experience is not at all the reality: what with the difficulties the Israeli Army would face if they shot an unarmed U.S. citizen, and with the fact that I have money to buy water when the army destroys wells, and, of course, the fact that I have the option of leaving. Nobody in my family has been shot, driving in their car, by a rocket launcher from a tower at the end of a major street in my hometown. I have a home. I am allowed to go see the ocean. Ostensibly it is still quite difficult for me to be held for months or years on end without a trial (this because I am a white U.S. citizen, as opposed to so many others). When I leave for school or work I can be relatively certain that there will not be a heavily armed soldier waiting half way between Mud Bay and downtown Olympia at a checkpoint — a soldier with the power to decide whether I can go about my business, and whether I can get home again when I’m done. So, if I feel outrage at arriving and entering briefly and incompletely into the world in which these children exist, I wonder conversely about how it would be for them to arrive in my world.
They know that children in the United States don’t usually have their parents shot and they know they sometimes get to see the ocean. But once you have seen the ocean and lived in a silent place, where water is taken for granted and not stolen in the night by bulldozers, and once you have spent an evening when you haven't wondered if the walls of your home might suddenly fall inward waking you from your sleep, and once you’ve met people who have never lost anyone - once you have experienced the reality of a world that isn’t surrounded by murderous towers, tanks, armed “settlements” and now a giant metal wall, I wonder if you can forgive the world for all the years of your childhood spent existing - just existing - in resistance to the constant stranglehold of the world’s
— Greater Israel
April 2003 The First Freedom 9
reality, but does not return
A dearly marked Rachel Corrie, holding a megaphone, confronts an Israeli bulldozer driver attempting to demolish a Palestinian home, Rafah, Occupied Gaza, 16 March 2003.
fourth largest military - backed by the world’s only superpower - in its attempt to erase you from your home. That is something 1 wonder about these children. What would happen if they really knew?
As an afterthought to all this rambling, I am in Rafah, a city of about 140,000 people, approximately 60 percent of whom are refugees - many of whom are twice or three times refugees. Rafah existed prior to 1948, but most of the people here are themselves or are descendants of people who were relocated here from their homes in historic Palestine - now Israel. Rafah was split in half when the Sinai returned to Egypt. Currently, the Israeli army is building a fourteen-meter-high wall between Rafah in Palestine and the border, carving a no-mans land from the houses along the border. Six hundred and two homes have been completely bulldozed according to the Rafah Popular Refugee Committee. The number of homes that have been partially destroyed is greater.
Today as I walked on top of the rubble where homes once stood, Egyptian soldiers called to me from the other side of the border, “Go! Go!” because a tank was coming. Followed by waving and “what’s your name?” There is something disturbing about this friendly curiosity. It reminded me of how much, to some degree, we are all kids curious about other kids: Egyptian kids shouting at strange women wandering into the path of tanks. Palestinian kids shot from the tanks when they peek out from behind walls to see what’s going on. International kids standing in front of tanks with banners. Israeli kids in the tanks anonymously, occasionally shouting - and also occasionally waving - many forced to be here, many just aggressive, shooting into the houses as we wander away.
In addition to the constant presence of tanks along the border and in the western region between Rafah and settlements along the coast, there are more IDF towers here than I can count- along the horizon, at the ends of streets. Some just army green metal. Others these strange spiral staircases draped in some kind of netting to make the
activity within anonymous. Some hidden, just beneath the horizon of buildings. A new one went up the other day in the time it took us to do laundry and to cross town twice to hang banners. Despite the fact that some of the areas nearest the border are the original Rafah with families who have lived on this land for at least a century, only the 1948 camps in the center of the city are Palestinian controlled areas under Oslo. But as far as I can tell, there are few if any places that are not within the sights of some tower or another. Certainly there is no place invulnerable to apache helicopters or to the cameras of invisible drones we hear buzzing over the city for hours at a time.
I’ve been having trouble accessing news about the outside world here, but I hear an escalation of war on Iraq is inevitable. There is a great deal of concern here about the “reoccupation of Gaza.” Gaza is reoccupied every day to various extents, but I think the fear is that the tanks will enter all the streets and remain here, instead of entering some of the streets and then withdrawing after some hours or days to observe and shoot from the edges of the communities. If people aren’t already thinking about the consequences of this war for the people of the entire region then I hope they will start.
I also hope you'll come here. We’ve been wavering between five and six internationals. The neighborhoods that have asked us for some form of presence are Yibna, Tel El Sultan, Hi Salam, Brazil, Block J, Zorob, and Block O. There is also need for constant night-time presence at a well on the outskirts of Rafah since the Israeli army destroyed the two largest wells. According to the municipal water office the wells destroyed last week provided half of Rafah's water supply. Many of the communities have requested internationals to be present at night to attempt to shield houses from further demolition. After about ten PM it is very difficult to move at night because the Israeli army treats anyone in the streets as resistance and shoots at them. So clearly we are too few.
I continue to believe that my home, Olympia, could gain a lot and offer a lot by deciding to make a commitment to Rafah in the form of a sister-community relationship. Some teachers and children's groups have expressed interest in email exchanges, but this is only the tip of the iceberg of solidarity work that might be done. Many people want their voices to be heard, and I think we need to use some of our privilege as internationals to get those voices heard directly in the U.S., rather than through the filter of well-meaning internationals such
Miss Rachel Corrie was a University student in Washington who decided to go to Israel and try to stop the killing of Palestinians and the destruction of their homes. By reading her letter it is obvious that she became immediately aware of the realities of Jewish supremacism. Though she was probably liberal, her bravery and commitment to her convictions are something to be honored and respected. For those who still don't understand the realities of the Israeli occupation and oppression of the Palestinian people, here is a reality check. This article is composed of excerpts from an email Rachel sent to her family on February 7, 2003 from the Gaza Strip. - www.davidduke.com
as myself. I am just beginning to learn, from what I expect to be a very intense tutelage, about the ability of people to organize against all odds, and to resist against all odds.
Thanks for the news I’ve been getting from friends in the U.S. I just read a report back from a friend who organized a peace group in Shelton, Washington, and was able to be part of a delegation to the large January 18th protest in Washington, D.C. People here watch the media, and they told me again today that there have been large protests in the United States and “problems for the government” in the U.K. So thanks for allowing me to not feel like a complete polyanna when I tentatively tell people here that many people in the United States do not support the policies of our government, and that we are learning from global examples how to resist
One Sick College Chester Pierce, a Professor of Educational Psychiatry at Harvard, said, “Every child in America entering school at the age of five is insane, because he comes to school with certain allegiances toward our Founding Fathers, toward his parents, toward our elected officials, toward a belief in a supernatural being, and toward the sovereignty of this nation as a separate entity. It’s up to you, teachers, to make ail these sick children well by creating the international child of the future.”
Thank you for this war; we damn near muffed it
More reality: a comedy of errors. By Jim Moore
ethcrzooe.com
There are two things I like to see more than anything else in the world - movies with the Three Stooges, and the flow of human blood. How do I know it’s human blood? That’s a dumb question. If it comes from a man or woman what else would it be?
Now of course you’re wondering, what’s wrong with this strange, sadistic nut case? Nothing at all. Some people like wrestling, some like playing tennis, and some like Yoga. I happen to like seeing the Three Stooges slapping each other around, and watching human blood flow (other human’s blood, not mine) in wartime.
To each his own, I always say.
I feel, therefore, that it’s entirely apropos to thank the people who are making this war with Iraq (and others that follow) possible. I always give credit where credit is due.
So, first of all, I would like to tender a sincere thanks to President George Bush, who more than anyone else has made this war possible. If it hadn't have been for the president's juvenile gullibility, limited
vocabulaiy, lightweight intellect, canned speeches, lack of experience, inept leadership, shotgun mentality, and total pandering to the wishes (or demands) of his war-mongering cabinet, we might have - heaven forbid! - missed the whole bloody thing.
Secondly, kudos for a war environment well calculated and perfectly executed goes to Richard Perle, a key player on Bush’s international security team. The fact that Perle isn’t even a member of Bush’s cabinet makes his pressure on America to go to war that much more impressive.
Perle’s quiet trips to Israel were superb examples of clandestine diplomacy; and his subtle references on TV to our need for a war with Iraq were masterpieces of Jewish chutzpah and Zionist sleight-of-mouth. Thank you, sir, your influence on American foreign policy is second only Ariel Sharon’s.
A special thank you for getting America
into this glorious state of war - and its inevitable shedding of blood - must go to members of President Bush’s administrative staff. Among these unsung Israel-American heroes are such dignitaries as Josh Bolton, Ken Melman, David Frum, Adam Goldman, Elliott Abrams, Douglas Fcith - and that Man o’ War himself, “Killer Paul” Wolfowitz, without whose penchant for promoting worse violence than Attila the Hun we would still be sending UN inspectors
into Iraq instead of American soldiers.
Space does not allow for naming all these gung-ho Americans. But the fact that most are Jews in high government places speaks for their unabashed loyalty to the Amcri-can-Israeli connection, which helped make possible this sequel to Blood and Sand.
What's more, the fact that these stalwarts worked “behind-the-scenes” to bring America into war shows the humility of (See “A patriot act,” page 11)
“Every time we do something you tell me America will do this and will do that... I want to tell you something very clear: Don’t worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans know it.”
- Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, October 3,2001.
Setting the record straight
The bankruptcy of the United States
United States Congressional Record, March 17, 1993 VoL 33, page H-I303: The speaker, U.S. Rep. James Traficant, Jr. (Ohio), was addressing the House:
By Jim Traficant
“Mr. Speaker, we are here now in chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any Bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government. We are setting forth hopefully, a blueprint for our future. There are some who say it is a coroner’s report that will lead to our demise. It is an established fact that the United States Federal Government has been dissolved by the Emergency Banking Act, March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. I, Public Law 89-719; declared by President Roosevelt, being bankrupt and insolvent. H.J.R. 192, 73rd Congress in session June 5, 1933 -Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold Standard and Abrogate The Gold Clause dissolved the Sovereign Authority of the United States and the official capacities of all United States Governmental OfTices, Officers, and Departments and is further evidence that the United States Federal Government exists today in name only. The receivers of the United States Bankruptcy are the International Bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. All United States Offices, Officials, and Departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under Emergency War Powers.
With the Constitutional Republican form of Government now dissolved, the receivers of the Bankruptcy have adopted a new form of government for the United States. This new form of government is known as a Democracy, being an established Sociaiist/Communist order under a new governor for America. This act was instituted and established by transferring and/or placing the Office of the Secretary of Treasury to that of the Governor of the International Monetary Fund. Public Law 94-564, page 8, Section H.R. 13955 reads in part: “The U.S. Secretary of Treasury receives no compensation for representing the United States."
Gold and silver were such a powerful money during the founding of the united states of America, that the founding fathers declared that only gold or silver coins can be “money" in America. Since gold and silver coinage were heavy and inconvenient for a lot of transactions, they were stored in banks and a claim check was issued as a money substitute. People traded their coupons as money, or "currency." Currency is not money, but a money substitute. Redeemable currency must promise to pay a dollar equivalent in gold or silver money. Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) make no such promises, and are not "money."
A Federal Reserve Note is a debt obligation of the federal United States government, not "money?" The federal United States government and the U.S. Congress were not and have never been authorized by the Constitution for the united states of America to issue currency of any kind, but only lawful money, gold and silver coin. It is essential that we comprehend the distinction between real money and paper money substitute. One cannot get rich by accumulating money substitutes, one can only get deeper into debt. We the People no longer have any “money." Most Americans have not been paid any "money" for a very long time, perhaps not in their entire life. Now do you comprehend why you feel broke? Now, do you understand why you are “bankrupt," along with the rest of the country?
Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) are unsigned checks written on a dosed account. FRNs arc an inflatable paper system designed to create debt through inflation (devaluation of currency). Whenever there is an increase of the supply of a money
substitute in the economy without a corresponding increase in the gold and silver backing, inflation occurs. Inflation is an invisible form of taxation that irresponsible governments inflict on their citizens. The Federal Reserve Bank who controls the supply and movement of FRNs has everybody fooled. They have access to an unlimited supply of FRNs, paying only for the printing costs of what they need.
FRNs are nothing more than promissory notes for U.S. Treasury securities (T-Bills) - a promise to pay the debt to the Federal Reserve Bank. There is a fundamental difference between “paying" and|
“discharging" a debt.
To pay a debt, you must pay with value or | substance (i.e., gold, silver, barter or a commodity). With FRNs, you can only discharge a debt. You cannot pay a debt with a debt currency system. You cannot service a debt with a currency that has no backing in value or substance. No contract in Common law is valid unless it involves an exchange of "good and valuable consideration." Unpayable debt transfers power and control to the sovereign power structure that has no interest in money, law, equity or justice because they have so much wealth already.
Their lust is for power and control. Since the inception of central banking, they have controlled the fates of nations. The Federal Reserve System is based on the Canon law and the principles of sovereignty protected in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. In fact, the international bankers used a "Canon Law Trust" as their model, adding stock and naming it a “Joint Stock Trust.9* The U.S. Congress had passed a law making it illegal for any legal "person" to duplicate a "Joint Stock Trust" in 1873. The Federal Reserve Act was legislated post-facto (to 1870), although post-facto laws are strictly forbidden by the Constitution. (1:9:3) The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the federal United States government. The Federal Reserve is a maritime lender, and/or maritime insurance underwriter to the federal United States operating exclusively under Admiralty/Maritime law. The lender or underwriter bears the risks, and the Maritime law compelling specific performance in paying the interest, or premiums are the same. Assets of the debtor can also be hypothecated (to pledge something as a security without taking possession of it) as security by the lender or underwriter. The Federal Reserve Act stipulated that the interest on the debt was to be paid in gold. There was no stipulation in the Federal Reserve Act for ever paying the principle.
Prior to 1913, most Americans owned clear, allodial title to property, free and clear of any liens or mortgages until the Federal Reserve Act (1913) “Hypothe-
Please help us get the word out that the Southern Movement is alive and growing! Advertise in, subscribe to and distribute The First Freedom, so that we might kick some of that liberal "compassion" off our backs the sooner.
Jim TYiflcanf

SECRETS

FEDERAL
RESERVE

The Secrets of the Federal Reserve By Eustace Mullins How the “Fed" was set up secretly to control money, the Rothschild connection, how it operates. Hard cover, 225 pages.
$14.95
coted" all property within the federal United States to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, in which the Trustees (stockholders) held legul title. The U.S. citizen (tenant, franchisee) was registered as u “beneficiary" of the trust via his/her birth certificate. In 1933, the federal United States hypothecated all of the present and future properties, assets and labor of their “subjects," the 14th Amendment U.S. citizen, to the Federal Reserve System.
In return, the Federal Reserve System agreed to extend the federal United States corporation all the credit "money substitute" it needed. Like any other debtor, the federal J United States government had to assign collateral and security to their creditors as a condition of the loan. Since the federal United States didn't have any assets, they assigned the private property of their “economic slaves," the U.S. citizens, as collateral against the unpayable federal debt. They also pledged the unincorporated federal territories, national parks forests, birth certificates and nonprofit organizations as collateral against the federal debt. All has already been transferred os payment to the international bankers. Unwittingly, America has returned to its pre-American Revolution, feudal roots whereby all land is held by a sovereign and the common people had no rights to hold allodial title to property. Once again. We the People arc the tenants and sharecroppers renting our own property from a Sovereign in the guise of the Federal Reserve Bank. We the people have exchanged one master for another.
This has been going on for over eighty years without the "informed knowledge" of the American people, without a voice protesting loud enough. Now it*s easy to grasp why America is fundamentally bankrupt. Why don't more people own their properties outright? Why arc 90% of Americans mortgaged to the hilt and have little or no assets after all debts and liabilities have been paid? Why does it feel like you are working harder and harder and getting less and less? We arc reaping what has been sown, and the results of our harvest is a painful bankruptcy, and a foreclosure on American property, precious liberties, and a way of life. Few of our elected representatives in Washington, D.C. have dared to tell the truth. The federal United States is bankrupt. Our children will inherit this unpayable debt, and the tyranny to enforce paying it.
America has become completely bankrupt in world leadership, financial credit and its reputation for courage, vision and human rights. This is an undeclared economic war, bankruptcy, and economic slavery of the most corrupt order!
Wake up America! Take back your Country."
"My Awakening on the Jewish Question: Jewish Supremacism" -By David Duke-Downloadable book: $14.95 or on CD: $16.95. For a free copy of The David Duke Report and information on joining EURO (the European-American Unity and Rights Organization) sent $2.00 S&ll to the LA Chapter, P.O. Box 5941 Thibodaux. LA 70302 or visit www.daviddukc.com
Down the hole
Ohio Democrat James Traficant was convicted one year ago on ten counts of bribery, tax evasion and racketeering in a federal prosecution, then expelled from the House of Representatives. Not because he broke the law. said NcwsMax.com
“What did the Ohio Democrat in were his controversial stands on FBI and IRS ubuses, his ongoing complaints about cases like the crash of TWA 800 and his charge that former Attorney General Janet Reno had committed ‘treason' by failing to seriously investigate Chinagatc," explains NewsMax.com in the following report...
■ In fact, if official Washington was held to the same prosecutorial standards applied in Traficant's case, it's clear the former congressman would have plenty of company in retirement - folks with names like Condit, Kennedy, Torricelli and, yes, Clinton & Clinton.
But there was a significant difference between Traficant's case and all the others. For Condit, Kennedy, Torricelli, ct al, the Clinton Justice Department and its predecessors simply chose not to prosecute - even in cases where investigators openly stated that a conviction could be easily obtained.
Traficant's conviction by a jury of his peers left his House colleagues little choice but to give him the boot. In the other cases, juries were simply never allowed to rule on the evidence.
Multiple witnesses accused Sen. Torricelli of bribe taking in exchange for political favors. Yet miraculously the New Jersey Senator managed to escape indictment.
Would a jury of Torricelli's peers have looked as favorably at the evidence against him as Janet Reno's Criminal Division had?
How might a jury have viewed Sen. Kennedy's antics three decades ago, after he left Mary Jo Kopechne to drown in his Oldsmobile while he figured out a way to escape the blame?
Or Traficant's colleague Gary Condit, who stonewalled his way through what everyone knew was a murder investigauon, just to hide his affair with missing intern Chandra Levy. (Interestingly enough. Condit was the only House member present to vote against Traficant's expulsion.)
Former Independent Counsel Robert Ray announced last year that Sen. Clinton had testified falsely to Congress in the Travelgate probe. Still, she wasn't indicted. Ray said he couldn't prove that she intended to deceive.
Come again? When James Traficant said he never intended to take bribes, prosecutors laughed in his face.
It was even more difficult for Ray to avoid prosecuting Mrs. Clinton's husband after he was caught on videotape committing perjury before a federal judge and. later, a federal grand jury.
The independent counsel even went so far as to announce he could easily obtain a conviction in the case.
But, in the end, Ray decided that prosecuting perjury at the highest level of government wasn't in the national interest.
Unfortunately for federal prosecutors, no such videotaped evidence ever existed against Traficant, a point that clearly frustrated one of his congressional accusers.
"Is there anybody in this chamber who believes that Jim Traficant could be captured incriminating himself on videotape'’" complained Rep Kenny Hulshof, R-Mo., who seemed to be suggesting that the Ohio Democrat was so wily that the lack of such evidence actually proved his guilt
Before and after Hulshof spoke, other representatives asserted that Traficant's expulsion was necessary, to show that the House respected the rule of law.
But what the final vote really showed was that a politician whose open contempt for Washington's go-along-to-get-along system left him with too few allies to survive the Justice Department’s selective prosecution.
April 2003 The First Freedom 11
SCALAWAG
Well, if that isn't the stupidest thing 1 have ever heard. How can anyone truly feel “uncomfortable" with an old tried and true classic like Huck Finn! As a dyed in the wool Northerner, I remember reading Huckleberry Finn as a child, thinking of it as a story about a white kid and a black kid having a great adventure. It still is. What a hypersensitive walking-on-eggs this world has become! Sad. HELEN OLSON
Groton, NY
Yeah, but we're reeducating these scalawags one at a time.
I'm glad to see this happen, because something like that drives the innocent European family underground, as what the British did to the Boers precipitated their founding of the Bruderbond. Unfortunately the Hispanic and Asian communities are “herded” to follow the lead of these “slimy-limey liberals." Look at it like one giant spring. When the working, moral, married family backlashes, its going to be really something. More and more people are beginning to figure out the “control" practices of the IRS and “public" schools. Do completely away with the funding of government schools and allow all talents to rise to a natural level. DURWIN DAVIS
Jacksonville, FL
1 renew my nomination for Roy Barnes to be scalawag of the century.
DAVE HENRY Conyers, GA
Col. Henry, we only do Scalawag of the Month. FreeSouth.org would be your best bet for a statue of that stature.
LINE ACTIVISTS
Enclosed is my subscription for The First Freedom. Please accept my small donation to keep this beacon of truth going. May God bless you and the others who publish this irreplaceable newspaper. Yours for Southern Independence,
JIMMY E. BROWN Wilcox Chapter LOS Hackneyville
Here's extra cash to help get the word out to others. I love your paper; you have done a wonderful job. Keep up the good work, and long live Dixie! Confederate^, DARLENE JACKSON HOFER Waskom, TX

Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief * and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
I have given The First Freedom to the sheriff, city mayor and council, county council and commissioners, and have also distributed to individuals, local businesses, chamber of commerce, the print and radio media. Hope it helps. AL DRIGGERS
Guntersville
A free one-year subscription goes to all members of any Alabama government council passing a Save the Bill of Rights Resolution. See infowars.com for model.
FOR WHAT?
I have a few thing to say about the state of this so called nation! I am a combat Vietnam veteran, and if I had known then what I know now I would be a lot different person. The American people are nothing more than sheep, brain-dead sheep. When I talk to younger people about history, any history, I get the feeling we are lost. These kids are so without direction it scares me! I’m 54 and do not see a future for most of them. I lost my girl ten years ago and wonder if God took her for the right reasons. Your paper gives me some hope!
STEVE ELKIN Decatur
The cultural communists think to break our will by claiming we're fighting “a lost cause" - but that's an oxymoron.
CIVIL RESPONSIBILITIES
1 picked up a copy of The First Freedom in Foley while visiting relatives and have enjoyed it immensely. I’d like to voice a couple of opinions. Both Whites and Blacks need to tame their racism and concentrate more on being Americans, just different. If Blacks want to find out how good they do have it in America, they should visit Nigeria or one of those other African countries. The people who should have our sympathy are the American Indian and the middle class working people, black or white. Why is it that all over the U.S. states have their monuments/* yet the Southern memorials are the most offensive? Now, about the “Snowbirds” that invade the Gulf Coast during the winter... A little politeness and good manners go a long way toward improving visitor-native relations. If the Southern way isn’t to their liking, maybe they should go home.
ELIZABETH KEETON Nauvoo
A patriot act by the Three Stooges
(Continued from page 9)
this group in eschewing all credit for their
contribution. Now, that’s patriotism!
I should also like to express my sincere gratitude to Donald Rumsfeld for consciously and continuously steering us away from any thoughts of peace in a world without rockets, bombs, and bloodshed.
Rummy’s grumpish but always lovable tone of voice and visions of enduring conflict, though repetitive some of the time, uncooperative most of the time, and unbelievable all the time, were nonetheless the stimulus that kept our minds on “weapons of mass destruction" and off such mundane matters as safety, security, overdue dental bills, and what’s for dinner tonight?
And I can’t forget the one person whose reworked presidential babble, and glib delivery of same, made him a perfect mouthpiece, though by proxy, for war in Iraq. I'm speaking about Ari Fleischer, White House Press Secretary.
Ari, in scripted precision, adroitly maneuvered the Press into asking only the prescribed questions which led to stet answers - answers that side-stepped having to explain anything, that made questions of peace sound naive, that made talk about troop movements sound irresponsible, that made inquiries about presidential decisions sound impertinent, and made any reference to Israel’s involvement sound anti-Semitic...
Ari, being Jewish himself, may not have come off as a totally objective press secre-
tary, but without his role as messenger of death and destruction, his ability to select reporters, his blunting of any legitimate questions dealing with peaceful options, and his obvious conviction that the president can do no wrong, we might still be negotiating instead of attacking Iraq and losing some of that red stuff. And that would be a shame.
In closing, I would like to call your attention to an otherwise notable person who might well represent the opposite view in this debacle. A gentleman after my own heart, since he has seen plenty of bloodbaths and body bags in his lifetime.
But, in this case, he has disappointed me because he saw no immediate war as a necessity. I’ll let General Norman Schwarzkopf himself fill you in. “The thought of Saddam Hussein with a sophisticated nuclear capability is a frightening thought, okay? Now, having said that, I don’t know what intelligence the U.S. government has. And before I can just stand up and say, ’Beyond a shadow of a doubt, we need to invade Iraq,’ I guess I would have to have better information.”
What does the good general want, a headcount of Iraqi troops? There you have it. Bush and his administration planning a war with Iraq, and a famous general who is having doubts about us going in again.
Hell, I say, if old soldiers never die, let’s send Schwarzkopf out to pasture, and get on with the killing.
Published originally at EtherZone.com : republication allowed with this notice and hyperlink.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Thanks, MJ, for “IT AIN'T OVER" -the real Georgia flag sticker. It's on my Alabama pickup rear bumper.
Rep. Dick Brewbaker of Montgomery, we salute your enabling the League of the South's annual state convention to occur in the Capitol's Archives Room on March 8, at a time when Political Correctness infects much of the land; this in the face of vehement objections by SPLC Hatemonger Mo Dees. It is indeed refreshing to discover a few in high offices uninfected by his virus. Where there's reason, so, too, does hope thrive. God bless you, along with our constitution and sufficient number of those who understand and respect it.
This is great news. It is refreshing to know that there is someone around, in public office, who will stand up to Dees and the SPLC. They have bullied, bribed and coerced practically everyone in public office. This man’s stand against them should be known to all. JIM CHORON
Center, TX
I am proud that Dick Brewbaker is my state rep and my personal friend and Christian brother. Deo vindice,
JOHN EIDSMOE Pike Road
FATHER LIKE SON Here’s my check for a gift subscription and two “Heart of Dixie" tag decals for my father in Talladega, Alabama. I’ve loaned him a couple of my First Freedoms and he enjoys the paper as much as I. Regards, and keep up the good work. BOB HURST
Tallahassee, FL
OUR CAUSE In History of the Confederacy 1832-1865, by Clifford Dowdey, the author notes on pages 411-414 that “The Confederacy never had a formal or official end,” and “All Confederate generals just surrendered their armies, as none of them had the authority to surrender anything more. Even President Jefferson Davis, when captured, was only captured. There was never any formal surrender of the Confederacy as a nation.*'
A FREESOUTH.ORG POSITION PAPER
Immigration: Driving America (and Dixie) down
The immigration act of 1965 set in motion the remaking of American society that we see today. It wasn't supposed to happen. When the act was under consideration, one of its leading supporters, Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-MA), promised it would not do several things.
Said Kennedy, “First, our cities will not be flooded with a million immigrants annually. Under the proposed bill. . . the ethnic mix of this country will not be upset. . . . [It] will not inundate America with immigrants from any one country or area.”
In point fact, these were precisely the outcomes initiated by the 1965 act. Around
900.000	legal immigrants now arrive each year, most on the basis of family connections rather than needed skills. Joining them annually, as permanent settlers, are
300.000	or more illegal immigrants. Spanish-speaking Latin Americans are a large proportion of all the newcomers.
Immigration is rapidly changing the ethnic/racial make-up of the U.S. In 2003, Hispanics officially surpassed blacks in numbers to become the largest minority group. According to the Census Bureau, if current levels of immigration continue, within 50 years, white Americans - for the first time in American history - will become a minority. Former President Bill Clinton said in 1997 that such a change would not be a problem for him because America can continue “...without in effect having a dominant European culture. . . We’re not going to disintegrate in the face of it."
In this statement Clinton seemed to assume that European culture will decline if the European-descended population declines. This is not an unreasonable assumption. The flesh and blood heirs of a culture, generally speaking, are more likely to support and sustain it than others. Most troubling about Clinton's statement was his seeming indifference to the link between our constitutional liberties and our “dominant European culture." The freedoms we enjoy did not develop in a vacuum. They are the fruit of Western Civilization, the democracy of ancient Greece, the rule of law of ancient Rome, and the worth of the individual affirmed by Western Christendom.
Interestingly, Mr. Clinton did not think we would “fall apart" if we lost our common culture. If so, then one might inquire as what might hold a divided multicultural society together. The only possible answer is a powerful, centralized government. Hardly by coincidence, this is precisely the sort of government that Clinton and his fellow radical leftists seek.
The left, however, is not alone in seeing immigration as a source of power and gain. The big-business right promotes it as a means of driving wages lower and lower to push profits higher and higher. This process, taken to its logical conclusion, will result in a classic Third World social arrangement; a relatively small wealthy elite at the top, savoring tranquil life in gated communities, with masses of impoverished people fighting for scraps below. Long gone will be the American middle-class, the pillar of American civic culture and liberty.
What specifically does massive immigration portend for the South? The last Great Wave of immigration, cresting about a century ago, largely bypassed the Southern region. Significantly for this reason, the South has retained more of the culture and character of the Founders’ America than other parts of the country. This is particularly the case with advocacy of limited constitutional government The current wave of immigration, however, is engulfing the South along with the rest of the country. Large segments of the Old Confederacy, South Texas and South Florida, are solidly Latin American.
A number of Southern metro areas bear little in common with historic Dixie. Fairfax Country, Virginia, home of Robert E. Lee, is solidly multicultural, increasingly a mishmash of Latin America, the Middle East and East Asia.
The small-town South and rural South also feel the impact. Thanks to Hispanic migration, much or most of it illegal. Southern communities such as Siler City, North Carolina; Dalton, Georgia; and Rogers, Arkansas, are beginning to resemble Mexican border towns. The Hispanic populations of North Carolina, Georgia and Virginia are now around five percent and climbing. Scarcely more than two decades ago they were negligible.
Foreign migrations to Dixie can change the face and soul of the South forever. Southerners who care about their legacy and future must organize politically to cut immigration and secure the borders. Just as importantly, Southerners must affirm their culture as never before. Among other tasks, this will require intense networking, community building and the creation of new institutions to meet new needs. Inaction is not an option if Southerners intend to survive as a people.
FrccSouth.org News Service P.O. Drawer 1030 Wiggins. Mississippi 39577 601-528-5955 ofliceto freesouth.org
12 Hi* First Freedom April 2003	—Recovering what's ours
The church and Chinese food
By Pris Squires
fdcvtcx .nd
Is il just I, or do most of you seem to be leaving your church services "still hungry" more and more lately, rather like eating Chinese food? Sometimes I get home and, an hour later, have to stop and think if I actually went. I happen to go the Episcopal Church but 1*11 bet lots of you feel the same way, whichever denomination you prefer. I'm not picking on the Episcopal Church, or any one denomination in particular; but people are hungry, and the churches - indeed, religion in this whole country - aren't providing the sustenance we crave.
Try to recall what last Sunday's sermon was about. We go and are thrown bones.
Terminal Phase
“All things,** Socrates reminded Plato and the gathered disciples when he drank that hemlock, “spring from opposites. As courage stands in contempt of fear, so, too, temperance can but subdue intemperance. The greater evolves from the less, and the less from the greater. This visible death which you shall witness proceeds always from life. We must therefore live again in turn. The mystic rites tell us that many are the thyrsus bearers, yet few will enter the secret parts. None except souls purified in living can have that better place beyond. I hope to be such a one, and not find myself cast into an uncertain interval. Inasmuch as waking is the result of sleeping, the spirit has to rise ugain in similar equation. Only an afterlife may complete this cycle, the quick arising from the dead und all past souls still existing; the good havitlg a better portion than the evil.**
Here the adherent Ccbes interrupted to recall one of his messiah's prior dictums: “Instinct being simply recollection implies an earlier time when this knowledge was learned, which would be impossible unless the soul had existed before in the form of man. If you put a question to a person the right way, as Socrates has taught us, he will give a true account of himself. How could he do this, unless there were knowledge and right reason already in him?"
The entire day passing in philosophic discussion and further speculation on the hereafter, at sunset a tearful jailer brought the cup of poison which Socrates drank quietly.
TWo millennia and four hundred years later, yet still those old mysteries call. In a modern world the like provocations stir us to renewed battle against identical dark forces, and we arc happily encouraged by that faith which springs from resisting what was already feared at birth. Why, in such part of us as will not believe, must a few remain tormented, refusing to govern themselves until intemperance leaps to the fore? It's because nothing has interrupted the eternal tension between such opposites. That same rivalry explains higher truth to each of us, or fabricates deceit in our souls.
An open confession of ignorance is the starting gate to wisdom. Priests at vurious times have held the heavens to be Earth centric and this globe a flat pancake. Let us not unfairly assail them from our vuntage, but see all theories as inchoate. No human knows the first cause; but its contemporary guidance can be summoned - whether by people gathered in spiritual harmony or the individual petitioner; nor must we lack for social comfort so long as churchmen and sisters remain alongside, sacrificing their very lives in the service of others.
Church has the ethereal part, state the material; and both can only build on what has gone before, each in the performance of its separate offices. But neither religious nor secular leadership might be required, were there not continually surging changes between serenity and storm. Communism is the death'Wish for a tangible world at rest, while Heaven would repose the spirit likewise. Whether in troubled waters or calm, the decisive course has its governor.
given pap and pabulum but never any meat to put on those bones. The church seems more concerned with its life thut with its soul. When was the last time your priest or pastor or minister had the nervo to stand up and thunder like the sons of Zebedee about the cancers which are gnawing away at our country every day? They can call abortion a woman's “right," her choice, but it's murder the same as Herod murdered those babies 2000 years ago. And they can tell us that homosexuality is “an alternate life style," but my Bible tells me sodomy is an abomination against Qod and man. Our country is flooded with illegal aliens who have no interest in preserving the Christian conservative values which built it, nor our culture or heritage; indeed, not even the
By Olaf Childress
So, let the churchman and the statesman steer us onward.
Yet why not recognize a single law and motion, instead of suffering many aberrant shifts between humility and arrogance, at times ignoring this omnipresent wealth of progress toward an unseen perfection that perhaps shouldn't be compared against lowly man? Let*s stop obstinately denying the beauty of a great mystery appearing daily before our eyes. Why raise Caesars to gods? They only make us miserable! We bask in the identical sun, wonder at the same stars, our awe being the very human emotion felt by those ancients standing in view of these exalted mujcstics seen today. Enchanted toward an eternally-expanding horizon, one has but to accept its challenge. There is nothing new. Why should there be? What more do we need?
For those who don't get it, let them find in my discourse the thing they're searching for - hypocrisy, Jew-baiting, or any other non-pcccce mnehoism we putriots must be guilty of. Deo vlndice!
In fact, this heritage revisionist greatly admires ad races and species, welcomes whatever constructive dissent his words might elicit. Did someone really imagine himself the vengeful Hebrew in untique Rome? Even admitting the fantastic nature of that idea, it nevertheless touched on a genuine and universal need for ritual, would you not agree?
Such desires arc ever in want of requital. And yet, he who would administer thereto has to understand that the supernatural power cannot be offended or appeased by anything wc say or do. Rites und services are for our comfort. Which doesn't mean the ultimate lawgiver is uninterested in Wc who must obey - only that a perfect law, though one defy it to his later regret, is incvasible. Having correctly interpreted some of its purts, nothing but immaturity leads us to ignore the remainder of higher truth. Let no one claim divine revolation to himself alone. Whut's plain to the preacher is understandable by his assemblage.
And, that a universally visible precept of congregation exists, even if some mock it to their eventual sorrow, is seen in birds of a feather flocking together. Those of one kind arc but tcmcrariously and temporarily integrated by force with another.
By whatever convenient rituals the soul is nourished - those reasonably-measured sacrifices we impose upon ourselves as in expiation of guilt, to strengthen u prayer or worship that perfection which transcends human understanding - such are acts of a divinely-inspired self-government keeping its priorities in sequence. Because the first motion can neither be aggrieved nor bribed by even the slickest of lawyers, it behooves men unknowing what they've encountered to move with caution, yet speak up once comprehending. Hypothesis must always be labeled as such.
Let us discreetly note that well-meaning theologians have historically embellished the church with spires distancing religion away from, and above, that ground-level simplicity which best serves our needs - at times even imagining and claiming divine
language. So how can this country survive? The government docs nothing for us, and now the churches won't either.
That being said, sometimes I drive by those little “generic" churches - you know, the ones which used to be Conoco stations or drive-in restaurants - and witness eight ba/.illion curs in the parking lot. I wonder just what's going on in there! Are they telling folks what they need to be hearing, are they feeding the flocks? I might have to go find out.
I've been in love with the Episcopal Church since age 12, but no one cun keep coming back to an expensive restaurant if the only thing served there is a peanut butter sandwich and a glass of water. No one can stay and have his soul dry up like a
^ ...	Perceptiv
revelations for themselves alone. Moderate pride in your own is not merely desirable but healthy; and yet, while all may, indeed should, choose to worship tiod in moving as custodians of the material world toward a better interpretation of the law baluncing it, let none fancy themselves the Chosen Ones.
Which mistake has more often been of exuberance than falsehood; for it's only in retrospect that we now discern how a short lifespan might have failed to foresee the priest's ad hoc ritual over many centuries growing unrecognizable from its origins. Once the congregation had departed from adoration and wonder before that perfect law * seeking instead to devise and teach a vision of king-like divinity (staring at the sun brings blindness) - where the pagans intermarried their gods with humans, the potentates were wont to claim sacrednessj through bloodline; and world-conqueror Alexander killed his best friend merely for laughing at that hero's ambitions to deity! Such would-bc godheads have alternately summoned the pope to crown them on their thrones or, when the powers were reversed, j fell to their knees at Rome.
Dark centuries passed while the simple musses confused those ungcls, nobles, and icons. The glories of Rome and Athens had been completely forgotten indeed by the highest clusses throughout Europe, as the center of learning migrated to the cast.
Today wc again demand that ignorance yield before logic - und declare our faith, free of exotica, in simpler terms. Religious frindamcntalism and communist atheism bring us no closer to God or Utopia than do private works and prayer, the case against both kinds of collectivism being now well established. But those proofs aren't new. The Pilgrims originally fled England for freedom of worship, yet grew, themselves, so harshly biased as to find large numbers of their assemblages persecuting witches! And those same, all-knowing purists later incited an unnecessary war on the South, to which individuals had deserted from their fanaticism in droves.
Such are the exceptions, however; for, true religion worships God by whatever path. Wc don't want to promote The Big Lie and its subversive communist agenda: the takeover of huge denominations which ordain women and homosexuul priests in defiance of whole congregations, with the media playing it out as if their New World | Order were a done deal. Chicanery has | pretty well destroyed, according to plan, several mainline churches.
Perceptive intuition is also a religion. It does not describe the divinity, nor profess revelation, but observes in each individual the secret faith reposed which must remain a mystery to others. As nothing is ever lost completely, that spark of uwarcncss is all the proof we need of God's existence.
Let's keep it simple and eschew taking positions which can't stand examination but rail continuously against other creeds differing only slightly in details of the imagined sky-haven and punishmcut-holc Original sin? It may have been deceit.
No government of church or slate can
jellyfish in the sun.
People used to have three rocks on which to stand: a familial rock, the social rock and a religious rock. The family rock is about gone, the social rock eroded a long time ago and now the religious rock is badly worn. It's small wonder that people are floundering in shilling sand. Belonging to a gang might be bad but maybe it's better than nothing. Misery loves company.
Let's all hope and pray that religion in this country regains the courage it once had and becomes a shield against the evils which batter our lives every day. In these especially troubling times we need a place to stand. Please, God.
Pda Squirts writes from Devins, Texas, and drives an <«ncicnt pickup with a "Heart of Ditto" Steal
e Intuition
withstand the unchecked machinations of men. Future revelations depend on our wise maintenance of the one we've got: the constitution. So, let those who pay church dues along with taxes imitate its wisdom, institute checks and balances, initiatives and referenda; and make it more difficult for conspirators to repeatedly treat them as ignoramuses while multiculturalizing from the pulpit - hijacking, Grinch-like. even their commonly-owned assets.
Sky kingdoms are distant and exotic. Closer at home, we should immediately and effectively address those problems our churchmen have cither failed to perceive or dodged knowingly. Casting such licentious doctrine out from the media and classroom is the sermon we must preach. Perhaps there will come a new age of romanticism, an elevation of poetry and letters higher than ever before; but here, as time lapses, the present danger is that our channels of communication are held hostage. Decision is in order. Let's just accept the presence of a palpable transcendence without arguing details, the test being whether it be moral or otherwise. Welcome that mystery which reveals itself only sufficiently to attract, and cause, living motion in faith. Remain firm in what you understand Dispense now and again with pndc. Explore your truest convictions on religious matters. Observe which images of God may have been invented by men. It's just possible you'll discover duality in your own nature as it struggles with the ordained choices: to confirm a given dogma, or seek further
Behold the wonders you've seen raised from unknown repositories until today they're commonplace. Future revelations may as easily be met either in joyful faith, or lacking gratitude: that a higher power is drawing each of us toward fulfillment. See how perfect the only workable central plan! Mirrored in the duality of all natural phenomena are the opposites named by Socrates. Necessity brings invention just as demand causes supply.
And the lines are drawn: to here and no frirthcr; for the evidence mdicutcs a natural law forever checking us at each turn. Back go all motions to a center of balance, even though every experiment good or bad may run its timely course. History has not once failed to confirm this absolute truth. Man, poor fellow! is not capable of destroying himself. The opposites of self-government and communism, truth versus I he Big Lie, remain our case in point.
Attention to duty by responsible citizens yields prosperity in the time of freedom's momentum. Later, as we get preoccupied playing with our navels and portfolios, power migrates back to the demagogues. Only vigilance can maintain a meaningful franchise. For, even in the darkest decades of communist atheism when Soviet Russia regularly conducted “elections" all over the eastern bloc of captive satellite nations, “egalitarian" slaves reporting to the polls as ordered', by our acceptance of those "elected" "representatives" a single party of New World orderlies we introduced among republican stales a “united nations" no less contrived than Israel,