Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.”
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
Volume 2 Number 10
STRING OF PEARLS:
Self-government begins at home
I*** _ -_ http://www.gulftel.com/homefree/__
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
October 2000
$1.00
Mobile’s 2001 budget proves need for city manager
The mayor presented his fiscal year 2001 budget to the Mobile City Council in mid-August amid cheers from the ever-supportive Mobile Register. It was heavy with pearls and pork disguised as vital needs at the cost of basic city services and the employees who provide them.
By Elwin Rozyskie
For the fourth consecutive year there was no wage increase for city workers. Tax income had not grown as the mayor and his staff promised with their “String of Pearls.”
Mayor Mike Dow included a budget slide show to show his accomplishments, actually revealing his lack of business acumen with finances. With data from 1989 through 1999, Dow bragged of “public safety investments” having raised the number of police officers (the force is down seven officers since 1998), expanded the paramedic/ambulance system (further reducing private taxpaying ambulance service), deployed surveillance cameras downtown (an eternal maintenance cost with absolutely no return on investment), centralized police headquarters (price $4 million plus the cost of demolishing the existing headquarters and jail cells) and an engine replacement program (although his budget shows no equipment amortization).
The most damning illustration of failure to understand business operation was his boast that $75 million of city funds had attracted public-sector investment of $225 million. In reality, this data only describes the profits that his political backers in real estate garnered from our hard-earned taxes. It never occurred to Mr. Dow that an increase in city tax revenue from Mobile's downtown development is the only true measure of taxpayer return on investment By admitting that such income was now in decline, the mayor left unsaid that his vaunted “String of Pearls” have been a big financial loss for the city. Undaunted, Mr. Dow promised to spend more this year on a maritime center, cruise ship docks, river walk, water ferry system plus renovation of the GM&O building and the Saenger Theater. That new $600,000 park on Conti Street somehow was overlooked in this list of new ventures.
City employees* reaction to the mayor’s disregard for their welfare was immediate and loud. When the Mobile Register could no longer quell them, a meeting was held on August 28 to hear their complaints. For the few citizens who attended there was an avalanche of information that would shame any right-minded person. Sanitation workers, who empty our garbage cans in summer heat and winter chill for $790 monthly, asked the Mayor to consider them for extra pay. Policemen pointed out that academic training for the 220 cadets who replaced officers resigning during the past nine years have cost the city more than $8.8 million excluding the cost of rookie year supervision. Left unsaid
Today’s Lesson:
“Show Time!”
By Mac Yavelli
ABC, CBS, NBC and every big paper in our pocket! How could we lose? Yet, with nothing but the Internet, The First Freedom, Dan and Kelly, the Tyranny Response Team and Buchanan’s Brigades, they just keep coming, peeking behind our curtains and yelling - "Go, Pat, go!"
was the fact that, while violent crime is down 25% and the police force has grown 53 percent, calls for assistance have increased 92 percent. Productivity gains and hard work evidently count for nothing with this administration. It was pointed out that, during the no-raise period for city em-
ployees, top officials got $8,000 per year increases and added staff. The most shocking revelation of the real cost due to the city's uncaring neglect was a data processing supervisor with 15 years experience leaving Mobile for a much better paying job in... Pascagoula! During the entire meeting, the
mayor gave his back to the employees, never once looking at them. Even when they stood to indicate how many were holding two or more jobs to make ends meet, Mr. Dow never bothered to turn and see that well over eighty percent were standing. To make (Sec “That progress,” Page 4)
Mike Dow’s land and tax grab
After repeated attempts to raise taxes in the city and 100% support for countywide tax referenda to usave our children" he9s back at city expansion toward the West By Nick Jongebloed
Chairman, March Against Crime Mayor Mike Dow says a bigger tax base can solve problems, and boasts he and his staff have made major improvements over racial injustice and animosity, poverty, crime, joblessness, ignorance and all that's associated. But in a robust economy inner city unskilled can’t get quality jobs, violent crime remains and with better education the inner schools still fail on standard tests.
Metropolitan growth in the U.S. Is not new. In the late 1800s, there were problems with the bicycle, trolley and telephone. Now transportation, communication and economic challenges arrive with increased population, technology such as high speed interstate systems, disposable income for new housing, time and money to commute. These are not the only factors, however; two key ones being class culture and race.
As in other port cities, property close to the original settlement - here, the Mobile River - became the central district. Access to wharves, medical services, offices, shops, markets and railways drew industry. As downtown grew, neighborhoods moved out, using the profits from their land sales to buy bigger houses on the periphery.
Now this movement of the better-off to escape central city taxes caused problems and officials held that those migrating out didn’t contribute their share to the public coffers. In the 1820s, St. Louis, a river port city, asked the state legislature to enlarge its boundaries around citizens supposedly enjoying the benefits of city residence without its burdens. So “flight to the suburbs” has been a problem for many generations.
Some political leaders and the Mobile Registers editorial board think before the city goes west it should try to break out of its confined area through Prichard, but the idea of that pathetic city being annexed is one reason citizens of West Mobile won't join their parent city. Prichard's endemic social pathologies would certainly gobble up taxes collected from the expanded area.
for the election slate lists nobody qualified to manage that pitiful community. Indeed, Mobile County Commissioner Sam Jones opines some candidates for Prichard mayor just want a job, qualifications being hard to find among the entire group (the leading candidate, based on “business experience,” having been found to owe some $140,000 in back taxes, with a lien on his business).
A two-page Wall Street Journal article - Aug. 16th Southeast edition, “Prichard hopes election brings better days” - began with, “The slogan on the faded sign beside the boarded-up small business development center here is almost imperceptible: ‘Prichard .... A City With a Future.’ ”
One of the nine persons running for mayor, Reginald Haston, says: “This may be our best opportunity to turn this thing around. It may be our last chance.”
The article continues that, “Mobile civic and business leaders are watching with keen interest. Prichard, with a population that is 75% black, has been bypassed by the prosperity that has washed over much of the metropolitan Mobile area in the past 10 (See “Love of God,” Page 2)
v
BALDWIN COUNTY’S MAGNIFICENT SEVEN:
The Lingering Smell of Refuse
m
Mandating rural garbage pickup in 1994, the Baldwin County Commission did not foresee such divisiveness as that program has brought And when Waste Management, Inc., opted out of its monopoly contract with them because many of the targeted households hadn9t yielded to their decree, uThe Seven" were none the wiser: Government would succeed where private enterprise could not
By Olaf Childress
District Attorney David Whetstone vowed to bring those stubborn refuseniks around. But, after four of Baldwin's seven commissioners got replaced in the next election and the county administrator who had concocted this whole thing was fired, he hadn’t bullied Bill Ebb and others into signing up for the new tax. In fact, when I led a small group of protesters into our Magnolia Landfill in 1994 to challenge its closure and was arrested, the D.A. dropped his “failure to comply” charges soon after realizing that an inability to produce weekly garbage was no crime. Infrequent hauling of refuse to the dump, nonetheless, remained forbidden to any rural household not filling a weekly quota (cash, not trash).
On August 29, 1994, objecting to their vanishing freedoms, over a hundred angry citizens jammed into the courtroom in our defense. Others outside in the hallways and parking lot impeded Foley Satellite Court's operations. Judge Robert Wilters heard from those complying under protest or not at all, and I stated that Amendment 14, “No
State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges and immunities of citizens,” meant local residents can’t be barred from rights formerly enjoyed such as hauling trash to the public dump during normal hours when they choose. The D.A. was cordial. After promising he would study our arguments against Alabama 22-27 and rule on its constitutionality within ten days. Judge Wilters adjourned the session. But Whetstone copped out, dropped his own charges on the ninth day! The media and court, sympathetic to his predicament, allowed this miscarriage of justice without a single question.
The establishment media then set about grooming their growing police state as best they could, finding more holdouts coming into compliance daily, learning to love Big Brother. Whetstone had chastised myself and John Fender (or so the story went) for unloading trash at the landfill. And, it was hinted, he had commanded us to produce garbage weekly, which we must; because anybody contesting that decree thereafter would be in deep compost. Only the D.A., the magistrate, Fender and myself had been present at the hearing according to this scenario. In other words, all the facts had been juggled beyond recognition.
Seven years later I spoke to the Baldwin County Commission at its regular Sept. 5, 2000 meeting, reminding that body for the umpteenth time that my table scraps still go on a garden compost heap, discard papers into the recycling dumpster at Silverhill First Baptist and a pickup load of rubbish visits Pensacola’s landfill every six months. Unable to produce a weekly quota of garbage without purchasing unneeded junk for the purpose, I suggested that Mr.
Whetstone come with new charges if he will, but meantime open up that county |_ landfill to all residents. Such motion was made by Commissioner Hilo Middleton and seconded by Commissioner Samuel Jenkins, but then quickly voted down by Commissioners Burt, Perdue and Hansen.
I called their attention to important facts ignored by the media, such as the previous administration's disregarding a petition signed in 1994 by 1,709 citizens in District 3 demanding a referendum and for private haulers to remain in business, copy at hand; that the county had held meetings at the beginning of this mandate “to receive public input,” but used them for the sole purpose of instructing compliance and in no way actually soliciting opinions; that Commissioner Middleton, responding to the D.A.’s charge in 1997 of his being “the last holdout,” had brought into court a list put out by the solid waste department itself containing some 3,100 names remaining in noncompliance, a copy of which I likewise had with me. Reflecting upon current grand jury indictments against this solid waste department's top brass (they've been accused of misusing prison labor to create a private hunting club for themselves and friends on public lands, along with other misdeeds), I wanted a study by Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County, other rural organizations, myself and such interested citizens as will help, to actually receive public input and instruct the county how to comply with Alabama 22-27. This vote was as above, 5-2 and no deal.
(See “Tie a bright red ribbon,” Page 3)
2 The First Freedom October 2000
Buchanan Accepts
Here's Buchanan'S acceptance of the Reform Party's presidential nomination at the convention on Aug. 11th. This is an excerpt from his speech. The full text version can be found at www.spotlight org.
By Pat Buchanan
I began my campaign, 18 months ago, in a tiny steel town in West Virginia called Wcirton. Even though the U.S. economy was booming and U.S. companies were crying out for steel, Weirton steel was laying off workers, and Weirton was dying. Why? Because cheap steel was being dumped into the United States from Russia, Korea, Brazil, and Indonesia so those bankrupt regimes could raise the cash to pay off the international banks. The workers of Weirton and their families were being betrayed by Bill Clinton and sacrificed to the gods of the Global Economy.
Let me tonight lay out the great issues where our New Reform Party stands apart from both Beltway Parties.
Last year, at the close ofClinton’s War, I was given a small party by Serb-Americans who wanted to thank me for opposing the war. They told me of a woman who had desperately wanted to be there, but was not, because she had to go back to Serbia to bury her parents, who had been killed in the American bombing. Mr. Bush said his only complaint about that war on Serbia was that we did not fight it “ferociously enough.” Mr. Bush, tell that to that Serb-American woman who lost her mother and father.
Why did we do this? Why did we bomb this link country for 78 days when it never threatened or attacked the United States?
Yes, there was a nasty guerrilla war going on in Kosovo, with terrorist attacks on Serb soldiers by the KLA, and ugly reprisals. But in one year, there had been 2,000 casualties on all tides. Yet, look at the disaster we wrought, after Clinton launched his war. Thousands dead, a million Albanians driven out of their homes; now, a quarter million Serbs ethnically cleansed in KLA counter-terror. Serbia is smashed. Kosovo is destroyed. Russia has been driven into the arms of China; and American troops are tied down in a Balkan peninsula that has nothing to do with the vital interests of the U.S.
My friends, I count myself a patriot. I love this country. But what in God’s name are we doing? Milosevic is a thug and a tyrant. But that is not his country we destroyed. That is their country; and the Serb people have always been friends of the United States.
Saddam Hussein is another wicked tyrant who has launched aggressive war and murdered his own people. But who has killed more innocent Iraqis? Saddam Hussein, or U.S. sanctions? When Madeleine Albright was told on a television show that a UN study had found that 500,000 Iraqi children may have died because of our ten years of sanctions, Albright said: “We believe it was worth it” Worth it? When did the greatest nation on
The First Freedom
PO Box 385, SilverhUl, AL 36576-0385 Email: homefree@gulfteI.coni Editor Olaf Childress
Correspondents: Nick Joogcbloed. Mildred
Laurendine, Mable Lloyd. El win Rozyskie,
Tom Smith.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bulk rates, ask for terms.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
No responsibility is assumed for unsolicited manuscripts. When submitting typewritten letters, please show address and phone number for verification. Name and locality will be printed. If return is desired, include SASE.
Reform Party Presidential Nomination; Blasts 'Kepublicrats’
trillion federal budget: 5500,000 for a become president, all U.S. troops will come
earth start waging war on children?
After Mr. Clinton launched one of his drive-by shootings with cruise missiles, Ms. Albright was asked to justify it. “If we have to use force," she said, “it is because we are America. We arc the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see farther into the future."
Talk about the arrogance of power. George III could not have said it better. Friends, I am ashamed to say it, but we have begun to behave like the haughty British empire our fathers rose up against and threw out of this country.
Yet, both Beltway parties today conspire to kill our beloved republic. Both colluded to create the WTO. Both voted S18 billion more for the IMF to make the world safe for Goldman Sachs. Last year, a new UN international war crimes tribunal was established with the power to arrest and prosecute our soldiers. This year, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan thundered that we Americans do not pay our fair share of foreign aid. Last fall, the most trusted man in America, Walter Cronkite, said Americans must have the courage to surrender their national sovereignty to a world government. Let me tell you where the Reform Party stands.
We believe in “independence forever.” We will reclaim every lost ounce of American sovereignty. We will lead this country out of the WTO, out of the IMF, and I will personally tell Kofi Annan: Your UN lease has run out; you will be moving out of the United States, and if you are not gone by year’s end, I will send you 10,000 Marines to help you pack your bags.
Friends, I am called many names. Isolationist is one of the sweeter ones. But the truth is: We are not isolationists. We do not want to isolate America from the world. We Americans come from all countries and continents, and want to trade with and travel to all countries, and have commercial, cultural, and diplomatic contact with every nation on earth. But we will no longer squander the blood of our soldiers fighting other countries* wars or the wealth of our people paying other countries’ bills. The Cold War is over; it is time to bring America’s troops home to the United States where they belong - and end foreign aid. And when I step out on that inaugural stand to take the oath - when my hand goes up, their New World Order comes crashing down.
Bill Clinton understands this issue of sovereignty. A1 Gore, he understands it George W, he doesn’t understand it; but, don’t worry, he is still being home-schooled by Condoleeza Rice. We are the one party with a chance to win that is sworn to fight World Government abroad -and Big Government at home.
Yet, look at the record of this Congress that has the nerve to call itself conservative. In two years, not one federal agency has been abolished, not one program ended. Federal spending is rising at the fastest rate since ‘Tip” O’Neill was speaker of the House. Both parties are so steeped in pork they have to be checked every six months for trichinosis.
Here are a couple of items from our 52
study of swine waste management, 51.75 million to study the handling and distribution of manure. Do these guys have enough sense to cross the street? Apparently not, because this year Congress voted 51 million for a study in Utah on - you guessed it -how to cross the street. My friends, it is time to pick up the pitchforks and go down and clean out the pigpen. If you want real reform, vote Reform.
Back in 1991, I challenged a president named Bush because he broke a pledge not to raise taxes. He said he had to do it to balance the budget. Bill Clinton raised taxes again, he said, to balance the budget. Well, the budget is balanced; and it is time to repeal both the Clinton tax hike and the Bush tax hike and give the surpluses back to the people - because that money does not belong to the politicians; it belongs to the people; and I will give it all back. Here is how:
We will eliminate all death taxes and end the government’s role as federal grave robber of the American family. We will end the marriage penalty and cut income taxes for all Americans. And we will impose a 10 percent tariff on imports, and use the money to end all taxes on small businesses. And we will chop down the IRS until it is so small all the IRS agents will fit into the building that is being vacated by the National Endowment for the Arts.
As for Communist China, we will no longer accept one-sided trade deals, where we buy 40 percent of their exports and they buy 1 percent of ours. And I will tell them: Fellas, either you stop this persecution of Christians, and these threats to our friends on Taiwan, and rattling missiles at the United States, or you fellows have sold your last pair of chopsticks in any mall in the United States of America.
Up at [the Republican National Convention in] Philadelphia, did you hear Mr. McCain denounce those who want to reform our immigration laws by saying that walls are for cowards? Well, let me tell the senator a story about a woman who lives in his own home state. Her name Is Teresa Murray. She is 82, has arthritis, and lives in Douglas, on the border. When 1 visited her ranch last winter, she was confined to her home. Around her small house is a chain-link fence. On top of that fence sits rolled razor wire. Every door and window of her home had bars on it, and Ms. Murray’s two guard dogs are dead, killed by thugs who threw meat over the fence with cut glass in it. She sleeps with a gun on her bed table because she has been burglarized 30 times. Senator McCain, go down to Douglas and tell Teresa Murray that fences are for cowards.
Teresa Murray is an American woman living out her life in a maximum security prison in her own home in her own country - because of the real cowardice, the cowardice of politicians who refuse to do their duty and defend the borders of the United States. 1 am tired of reading about U.S. troops defending the borders of Kosovo, Kuwait, and Korea. I don’t live in Kosovo, Kuwait or Korea; I live in the United States of America. And when I
home from Kosovo, Kuwait and Korea; and I will put them on the borders of Arizona, Texas and California; and we will start putting America first.
But we will never restore a republic unless we replace the “commissars” of the Supreme Court, those unelected judges, appointed for life, who answer to no one, and who have begun to erect a judicial dictatorship in America.
Mr. Bush holds up his hands and he has no litmus test for the Supreme Court. Well, I do. When Supreme Court vacancies open up, only constitutionalists who respect the inalienable right of life of all Americans, and our religious heritage will be nominated - and no liberal judicial activists need apply.
Let me turn now to the signature issue of the Bush campaign: education. Mr. Bush is so enthusiastic about it, he gets carried away. He told a baffled audience in Florence, South Carolina, and I quote directly: “Rarely has the question asked: Is our children learning?” Is our children learning?
Well, our children “is” certainly not learning in Texas, governor. Like Mr. Gore, Mr. Bush believes the solution to the education crisis lies in expanding the power of the Department of Education. We believe differently: We believe the Department of Education is the problem.
The Democratic Party will never reform education because it is held hostage by the teachers’ unions. Republicans will never shut down the IMF, because if they did, the corporate lobbyists would cut off their room, board, tuition, beer and gas money. Neither Beltway party will drain this political swamp, because to them it is not a swamp; it is a protected wetland, their natural habitat They swim in it, feed in it spawn in it and are as happy there as B'rer Rabbit was in his briar patch.
The Reform Party can reform American politics, because no one has a hook in us. And I give you my word: We will outlaw the glorified bribery they call “soft money” and put term limits on every member of Congress and federal judge. If eight years was enough for George Washington and Ronald Reagan, it is long enough for Teddy Kennedy and Barney Frank.
“But why are you doing this?” people ask me. I will tell you. Because there has to be one party that has not sold its soul for soft money. There has to be one party that will stand up for our sovereignty and stand by our workers who are being sacrificed on the altar of the Global Economy. There has to be one party that will defend America’s history, heritage and heroes against the Visigoths and Vandals of multiculturalism. There has to be one party willing to drive the money-changers out of the temples of our civilization.
What are we fighting for? To save our country from being sold down the river into some godless New World Order, and to hand down to our children a nation as good and as great as the one our parents gave to us — forever independent, forever free. That’s what this Gideon's Army is fighting for; and we will fight on and on and on and on - until God Himself calls us home.	□
Love of God, community and country is not racism
(Continued from Page 1) years.” This city, in between the growing suburbs of Saraland and Satsuma, causes concern. “Prichard’s problems, including higher crime, have spilled over into surrounding communities and ... the effects will worsen if the city remains hobbled.”
Mobile officials imply white middle class flight to the West is for fear of crime, but studies have shown many who left the inner city simply wanted more attractive and spacious houses. Scholars say those moving outside are future-oriented, expect a long life, look for better schools and such values as community, nation and mankind.
Liberals call them ’‘upper class; selfish.” Which is absurd. Successful families have strong attachments to such things as formal
organizations, church, neighborhood and country; and, having a stake in its future, find it’s their duty to serve the community. But if nonfricndly demographics change the situation, even the most conscientious will migrate from such an atmosphere - as is happening in Mobile, Alabama.
Neighborhoods change when those with no attachment, resenting all authority, e.g., policemen, social workers, teachers, landlords and employers, come with an attitude to “get even” over their plight. This group is mostly from households where no abiding male figure guided the offspring away from such relationships. Young boys then join others with antisocial behavior and learn what ultimately leads to prison.
Mobile's westward expansion is being
resisted because people there believe they would have no say in political decisions. For instance, their argument for keeping the Confederate Battle Flag on the city's seal brought the council (which denies its appetite for more taxes harms especially blacks) to imply they were “white racists.* A “super majority” proviso requiring five of seven votes to pass any council action is that defect which permits a minority to veto measures that the majority approves.
As the outward movement of industry and commerce proceeds, the establishment of a new City of West Mobile under the council-manager form of government would be a great example of how to solve the problems that are endemic in our local governments.____________________  Q
October 2000 The First Freedom 3
Thp restitution of the United States
Amendment 1.* Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
Amendment II. A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free
Time to chop
“World governance” is the latest term for the NWO. How about this one? chameleon, n: Old World lizard, granular skin, prehensile tail, independently movable eyeballs, unusual ability to change colors.
By Tom Smith
Pat,
I have decided that I cannot vote for Bush or Gore. You are our only hope for the future.
Clearly, the U.S. budget is not balanced. That is a fraud! It could be the biggest issue in this election. The Democrats are lying and the Republicans are lying. It is a huge fraud!
The Social Security Trust Fund is by law offbudget, and by that same law the assets cannot be used for annual outlays or for determining annual deficits or surpluses. The law is in the Congressional Record signed by President Bush Nov. 5, 1990. Senator Hollings sponsored the bill and carried it to the White House for signature. You can check with him or I can get a copy for you.
Now if you pay the interest owed to the trust funds including social security and 149 others as required, and stop them from looting the trust funds, the budget deficit would be $2 trillion over the next 10 years, not a $2 trillion surplus. The Republican tax cut is asinine!
The Congress and the President say: use the lock-box for safeguarding social secu-rity ‘surpluses,’ then use them to pay down the national debt and we will save interest payments and can pay for social security as we go. That is crap! Look at this chart from my website. It covers deficits from social
State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
Amendment III. No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.
Amendment IV. The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers,
security, disability insurance and medicare only. Interest to cover these deficits is not included, nor is the cost of rebuilding the military of this country. But look at the size of those deficits! These numbers are taken from Table III. B.4 of the Trustees Annual Report on Social Security and Disability Insurance - Intermediate Estimate.
(Note: The date strip starts at 1998, 1999, then 2000 out thru 2040.1 did not go to 2075 because the deficits become so large that the small surpluses of 2005 thru 2013 would be invisible.)
I will make a presentation for you at no cost if you are interested. My good friend Professor William Tater, formerly of Stanford Research Institute, University of
Part Seventeen Of a Series
and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.	□
Southern California and U. C. - Irvine agrees with my conclusions and helps me on my website. Having researched social security, the national debt, annual budgets, and another issue for you to think about, the ROTTEN Federal Reserve banking system. I am no quack. My conclusions are that the national debt is not a problem, nor is social security a problem. The problem is simply corruption in government and the New World Order. We need to wake up and you are the man to do it Can I be of help - Please?????
Check out my article on “Fixing Social Security” at www.nationaldebt.com. □
|Tom Smith is a Defense Department retiree living in Fairhope. - Ed.)
a different slant on the news
Here’s what was Ignored or misreported elsewhere
THE DAN AND KELLY SHOW made its talk radio debut Sept. 5th over WMOB at a time when freedom to speak out about this immoral would-be ruling minority was never more necessary, as proven by almost constant call-ins every minute they’re on the air Monday thru Friday, noon till 1:00 at 1360 am. Congrats, D & K!
ONE WORLD RELIGION MEETS. The latest from this “u.n.” is to burst out laughing. A disorganized bunch of castoffs - which can’t solve the problems of Israel/Palestine, Kosovo, Algeria, Bosnia, Indonesia nor any of the other less well known places - wants to obtain an agreement on a single religion for the world. They have supposedly set up a permanent “u.n.” army with an initial complement of 6,000 U.S. troops plus 36,000 from other nations, the goal a 1,000,000-man army. To outsmart U.S. stinginess, the gang wants a world tax.
GORBY OUT TO “GET* RELIGION? The Millennium Conference in New York kept it low profile, but the four co-hosting that 13-day Religious Summit were “u.n.” atheist Kofi Amin, Church of the Dollar Bill worshiper Ted Turner, atheist Mikhail Gorbachev and Canadian billionaire Maurice Strong. The plot to determine a world religion started two years ago under one Bawa Jain, a founder of the World Movement for Non-Violence and member of the Earth Charter Initiative. This charter was authored in part by Gorbachev, head of the Green Cross International. “We will address interrelated social, economic and ecological problems that face the world” by bringing humanity to “undergo a radical change in its attitudes, values and behavior,” said Gorbachev in 1997. “The Ten Commandments are out of date.” He plans to replace them with 18 principles of the Earth Charter which, among its amazing pronouncements, declares “We arc humble before the beauty of the Earth [capitalized] and share a reverence for life and the sources of our being.” That explains why Mr. Maurice Strong is a member of the Four Hosts. He is the creator of this New Age Religion - which teaches that “Earth,” not God, is the source of our creation.
•The first ten Amendments (Bill of Rights) were ratified effective December IS, 1791.
tail off right behind its ears
Projected Deficits 2000 -2040
Soc Sec; Dis Ins; Medicare Combined INTERMEDIATE COST ESTIMATE
YEARS
■ DEFICITS ■ SURPLUS
Tie a bright red ribbon on that old garbage can
(Continued from Page 1)
Nor was that autocratic Baldwin County Commission interested in my referring to the disparity between their slapping two landfill supervisors on the wrist with three-day suspensions for serious breaches of public trust while the D.A. throws the book at their unsupervised slaves. Within ten days those four prisoners were to have been released, with pocket money and jobs, perhaps after work catching up on their drinking and bragging. And yet Mr. Whetstone now says it’s life sentences for them , ten years without parole! They had let the cat out of the bag, you see, by doing what should have been expected of low-life characters given the chance to show off among themselves - pilfering telephone credit cards from garbage, running up phone bills at booths provided by those same derelict supervisors; and, just maybe, unhappy that inmates had been obliged to build secret roads and shooting stands for the privileged, which they themselves couldn’t use. My demands that the landfill officers be fired immediately and fully prosecuted for crimes charged by the grand jury fell on deaf ears.
Two reporters in attendance from the Mobile Register didn’t mention, in their next day’s summary of that meeting, my having addressed the county commission at all; and certainly weren’t about to note the three categories of noncompliance I then described: 1.) solid waste personnel and friends receiving garbage pickup but not paying, 2.) those paying under protest
but not setting out garbage, and 3.) others neither receiving, asking nor paying for such service.
With many crimes and improprieties laid at their feet, those landfill supervisors have been fined $300 and suspended for three days. But when / simply transported another load of trash to the landfill three years after that first incident, I got handcuffed, put in leg irons, denied bond and thrown in jail. It took me 18 days to find out who my accuser was (Landfill Manager Charles Gruber) and what the charges. They kept my pickup for 35 days. Retrieving it, plus court costs and fines, cost over a thousand dollars. Whetstone’s evasive indictments the second go-round (he had three years to plan for this) were “trespassing,” in a public dump with open access, and “interfering with government operations,” where / had only unloaded as others were doing, offering my vehicle to be weighed in and back out; but those fake accusations drew felony convictions. So, for hauling trash to the dump, and if this is no travesty of justice I don’t know what is. I'm not supposed to vote nor own a gun.
It wasn't wise for the county to attempt taking over Waste Management’s contract by using indentured labor. When that firm walked out, Baldwin County should have dumped this mess right back on the state, told our legislative delegates to send better instructions. It’s not too late to reintroduce private haulers and ask for advice from the people, most of whom do want some kind of garbage service available - and then call
for a referendum by rural residents on such alternatives as arc proposed.
Many of us do not want prison laborers picking up garbage because it’s dangerous having inmates out casing neighborhoods. Nor is it smart to rent out work-release thugs to work on construction jobs or serve in public kitchens. And the biggest trap of all hasn't even occurred to those NWO stooges: There will always be overseers looking to gain by any renewal of what was supposedly ended with the Civil War. These slaves arc detained over a year at times on a simple DUI. Why? Think about that They're profitable! They get $8 an hour, presumably; but keepers manage the accounts, charging against escrow such items as transportation, supervisory costs and incidentals (you get my drift?), giving them only cigarettes and writing materials. Oh, they'll see a few dollars when released, but prisoners were always given some money when their time was up. How do you stop supervisors from sending slaves to build hunting lodges? By keeping both inmates and their officers while on duty out of contact with the public. When convicts build, let it be their facilities and furniture. If they farm or prepare food, then inside the prison bounds. For over regulated private enterprise has it tough enough surviving in an economy where unregulated Chicom masters steal their markets by using $0 per hour slaves, without our own being added.
This present garbage collecting system not only invites graft and corruption, but puts us ever more at the mercy of
unelected, unaccountable rule makers. Mr. Edward Petelinski with his family owns one of the larger Baldwin County farms, shares a privately-contracted dumpster with its members. But it took him several months to finally get permission to haul his garbage can three blocks on a public road to reach that container after rural pickup had become “law.” Ed’s two sons used the same dumpster before county government decided to elbow into this lucrative market, but now the bureaucrats say because their property isn't contiguous they can't come down that same public road and deposit there any more.
The issue isn’t garbage: It's money!
Mobile Register reporter Joey Bunch and Mr. Whetstone knowingly lied when they said Commissioner Hilo Middleton was “the last holdout.” I’ve told them time and again, / will not comply; but let me qualify that slightly, having found out a month ago (she couldn't keep it a secret any longer): my wife has been intercepting garbage bills at the post office for some time, purchasing money orders to avoid writing checks I might see, and mailing them to whomever. But she's not the only one sending tribute out of fear while not producing garbage. Others are writing “PAID UNDER PROTEST!” on their checks. However, don’t look for such data in the establishment press. Maybe those complying against their will should tie red ribbons on the garbage can lids to show lawmakers the mess they’ve created down here. But then they might get arrested. □
4 The First Freedom October 2000
That progress is healthy which is sustainable letter*..
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
(Continued from Page 1) matters worse, the mayor issued this statement after the meeting: “In the private sector, when revenues are down you would have layoffs. The city hasn't that option. We don’t intend to have layoffs.” Even the most inept businessman knows that in any labor-intensive action you don’t reduce the work force when revenues fall without first cutting unnecessary capital projects and managerial overhead - the mayor’s staff, for example.
Predictably, in the days following that meeting the Register editorially touted the mayor’s “Decade of Progress.”
On September 2, a letter from Council-woman Bess Rich appeared in the Mobile Register rightly observing that, after 2 Vi years of declining revenues, it was time for the city to regroup and exercise restraint, to allow that the exponential growth in bond indebtedness for capital projects over the last eight years had incurred payments that diverted money from basic city services. In addition, she stated that Mr. Dow had not considered maintenance and-support costs for the added projects in his budgets, further draining city resources. Ms. Rich reasoned that, apparently, this “Decade of Progress”
Terminal Phase
Since we see the world obviously guided by perfect and natural law, what is that higher purpose than “our own” - for strife, disease and affliction?
■	Exhibit A.) Adrenaline flow increases by the sheer excitement and challenge of getting up! Which is as nothing compared with the actual encounter, when opposing forces clash for a limited time in some friendly rivalry simulating war maneuvers, say football or chess. Intensity and purpose prevail to such extent as outweighs every other action of the whole, mundane week; a transcendence of team or personal involvement wherefrom the participants come off satisfied in the finest sense, proof deposited. What better test of preparedness than performance? And we can discover advantage by each skirmish. If not victory, at least the sense of where we’re lacking. There is no substitute for experience.
For in that seasoning resides more than just memory. What has gone before armors against future exigency, tempers plans for expansion. While greater glory belongs to the livelier performance of a victor, each contestant answering the call glorifies life itself. This law applies among children jousting for a brief moment’s “King of the Mountain” and everywhere throughout the years. The more competitive bid wins a business contract There will be battles for principles and endurance. The purpose of conflict is to elevate its survivors.
■	Exhibit B.) By pacification, a tendency toward complacency and degeneration sets in. Most of us resist this inevitable call to
“an idle mind.” But, usually, some do not. And, though obviously a sort of devil is at work against our willpower, we'll not seek to name the phenomenon here but simply note its presence and effect. Many the nations, especially seats of empire, that have fallen for lack of elevating animus when naught else threatened. Isn’t
“owning” the trophies less rewarding than that earlier drive and exhilaration which desired the contest? When excitement was aroused, uncertain the outcome, and a challenge preceded this having? Not to denigrate the laurels, but nature warns against sleeping on them. Many do, however, and we’ve seen corresponding deteriorations of fortunes when a winning spirit slumps into lethargy following some victory celebration. Nor can the liberal
the [Register] editorial praised might have contributed to “breaking the bank” of our city’s budget. She concluded: “Progress is healthy if it is sustainable. Progress that leads to hiring freezes, loss of experienced city employees and a loss of basic services is not.”
Ms. Lillian Jackson’s March Against Crime fought this grandiose dream for a downtown renaissance to make Mobile a tourist Mecca, seeing faltering city services. Mr. Dow arrogantly dubbed members of that group “CAVEmen” (Citizens Against Virtually Everything) and plowed on. It remains to be seen if his disregard for the advice of those cavemen results in a city cave-in.
Hopefully, things will change. Even this rubber-stamping city council has finally blinked at the arrogance of Dow toward city employees, and by September 5th had him ‘looking under rocks” to find some scraps of money for the workers. With straight face, he proposes a 2.5 percent pay raise by cutting the police budget more than 40 percent. In light of Mobile County’s recent promise of a 5% raise to its workers, perhaps Mr. Dow can be made to understand that Abe Lincoln freed the slaves, so it’s fitting that he liberate city workers.	□
By Olaf Childress
THIS LAW SMELLS I am talking about our Baldwin County Solid Waste Department and garbage tax. Every one of those corrupt officials at the landfill should be fired. It will take more than Moses to save us from communism. I and my family have been owners and good stewards of the land for many years, and will not abuse it. We have seen our rights dwindle away. What ever happened to the saying, “If it ain’t broke don’t fix it”? We’ve worked hard all our lives taking care of this property. Why do bureaucrats have to butt into every aspect of our lives? Having a problem with the Solid Waste Department, I tried in vain for help and assistance. After many trips to offices, calls and meetings, I hit a dead end. Frustrated, I took my case to the county commission. They came out, saw the plight we were in, and corrected our nightmare. 1 would like to thank Alabama Senator Albert Lipscomb for advice, but most of all I would like to thank Baldwin County Commissioners Hansen, Middleton, Jenkins and Faust for clearing up this terrible injustice and ordeal. Shame on the Solid Waste Department which could have
corrected the problem but didn’t. As for slobs dumping illegally and defacing our beautiful county. I’m watching you!
EDWARD PETELINSKI Robert sdale
(Petelinski Farms had been ordered to stop using a '/a mile stretch of public road to get to their dumpster. — Ed.)
KEEP ’EM FLYING
Oh, yes, I especially liked the article on the Confederate flag. Well, I really liked all the articles. It’s just that to make a to-do about flying a flag that was part of significant history of our South and our nation seems frivolous. We should not be trying to take part of history away where much was learned and much was sacrificed. I’m for flying the flag. It reveres the fight of the South to keep industrialization from taking precedence over the plantations.
BEVERLY JO JONES Saraland
[Nor did the “regular” news note this state’s flag and heritage demonstrations Sept. 16 in Tillmans Corner and Sept. 30 & Oct. 1 in Hackneyville. - Ed.)
One might learn what presently works before chasing after an ideal.
I
ws
\\/ Must Alabama obey each Bilderberg diktat from the internationalist bankers? Self-government begins at home! Join the action. Stay informed. For a one year subscription by mail send $ 12.00 to THE FIRST FREEDOM P.O. Box 385, Silverhill. AL. 36576
liberate himself from this law by any ‘system.” The purpose of weakness in affluence is to tempt a challenger.
■	Exhibit C.) Decline is not merely a loss of prestige. In healthier times, exercised minds and bodies prove less susceptible. When the driving force ceases and there is no spirited competition, sicknesses of many kinds imperil. Central planning’s consumer protection policy against the ‘dangers” of unsupervised finger-painting, using just any old pastels, assures society of nothing except the diminution of self-sufficiency; for hard-won freedoms are yielded to whatever extent we follow the prescriptions of mediacrat nurses and nanny government - which all-mother, of course, in conniving to be institutionalized, needs invalids to justify herself But if such languid health becomes permanent then America will have lost that impetus which overcame Europe’s and Asia’s plagues of apathy. Let’s not expect politicians to cure the ultimate ill, since given law will remove all of us in due course anyway. Meanwhile, why take socialism’s erratic path hoping to avoid the inescapable, and wander straight into the “compassion” of a global plantation? The purpose of disease is to remove from the playing field those grown tired of participating.
■	Exhibit D.) Whoever will not pursue worthy goals from among the provided attractions gets cares demanding attention, nature’s alternatives unending, and gratis. Some are baffled by these annoyances of little or no consequence; but the more they hide from bugaboos, the greater their terror of imagined proportions and shapes, until the timid souls get removed from this arena for having declined to play. The proud, by contrast, whose daily aim is a higher victory, accept only such comrades as join in willingly, to the liberal’s chagrin taking little notice of trivial bothers. It vexes that loser to see the world sorting itself into contending factions, where his “peace process” has but two: lords and serfs. By their continuing these many subdivisions of cultures and interests — without which, lacking variety, nothing to argue about, no comparisons for further inquiry nor hopes of governing within the higher law our own destinies — the elitist demagogue remains unemployed.
Who needs such worry warts?
7<*hi U+ WMOB
M.G. “Dan” Daniels & Kelly McGinley
The Dan and Kelly Show “Retaking America” \
Daily Mon.-Fri. 12:00 Noon - 1:00 PM
Frustrated Utopians skulk not only this modem day’s egalitarian halls, they were behind the intrigues in ancient times. When the Inquisition misused its clerical authority, such fear had already plunged Europe into a lethargic thousand years of waiting. However, the middle ages only seemed to have eradicated the spirit of quest. For law recalled man in due course to his once and future pathfinding task, as these emerging states of ours, bursting with energy, rekindled the Old World’s hope, shook it into awareness that more challenges waited impatiently beyond its recent, so-called reawakening: a laurel, as some thought, but certainly not a cushion. The purpose of nature’s prod is to keep men moving.
■	Exhibit E.) By admitting of error: that the faithful have sometimes been betrayed by the demagogic cupidity of leaders, we remind a doubting liberal there’s inherent misuse of power under all central plans. Which is elementary to the streetwise, but apparently news among the ivory tower crowd chasing its One World government. Nature’s end in this becomes obvious. For, except by vigilance against The Big Lie, and never mind being called “reactionary,” why should we rouse ourselves to seek, atom by atom, the necessary meanings and proofs of existence, expanding ever farther upon the case before us, possibly even to identify a “new” particle of undiscovered law? The purpose of deceit is to spur the search for its opposite, which is truth.
■	Exhibit F.) Look at the vastly different results of development in the United States and South America. Witness the alternate outcomes between Spain’s and England’s yielded territories, both having started on the same footing. Where Iberia’s isolated former colonies neither engaged sensible trade and rivalry rules among themselves or found e pluribus unum the best defense against a tenacious parent, nor built roads, railroads and canals to the vast resources of their continent, the very similarly-situated breakaway British colonies united in a loose confederation to become the world's wonder. Those who might call our North American continent naturally on the whole better situated seem to forget: All of the pre-Columbian higher civilizations were south of the border! Shall we discount this Anglo-Saxon spirit of freedom, as distinct
Talk Radio 1360 am
Tel. (334) 432-1360
from the former’s lassitude, and call it an accident of the California gold rush? I think not, Spaniards having occupied the place first anyway. And, no matter where setting foot in the Americas, just ravaging, looking for gold and lost cities to their ruin.
Where, on the one hand conquistadores simply made the same mistakes by which their Northern European province was lost through repulsive plundering with minimal interest in cultivating, the North American magnet aligned its principled forces the other way around - toward attraction.
Do I maintain my ancestors were not similarly aggressive? Yes and no. It’s easy for a communist-tumed-environmentalist to accuse his own tribe of over exuberance back when taming the savage wilderness, but also perfectly legitimate for me to reply that the fruits of such labors belonged to the pioneers clearing that country and their assigns alone. The aboriginal populations? Those wanderers had been about evenly distributed on both continents, so let’s not bring up the argument of original sin! A red man feeling cheated by displacements generations ago has no better case than the ranting black, both of them standing equal to all others under U.S. law. With few coup d'etat governors compared to our Latin neighbors, all here have been legitimately elected save during the 1860s occupation, and property is never seized without just compensation. The purpose of greed s loss is sufficiency s gratitude.
■ Exhibit G.) A healthy and constructive competition between those New England signatories, most of them united states from the start, paid great dividends of wealth and freedom. Performing solely as liaison, administering to the sovereignty of all but with powers over the internal affairs of none, the federal government intervened only when specifically called in to referee the attempts of one state to outperform the others, making the right calls and honoring the dignity of each participant. By means of that paradigmatic constitution, every challenge was well met. Such association of states and territories was not, at its inception, predestined to relapse into the oft-failed grand central plan. One might learn what presently works before chasing after an ideal. The purpose of competition and variety is to discover, out of success and failure, what s true and just.	□
Just the facts!
Robert W. Gardner “Talking Truth”
Saturday 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
MARCH AGAINST CRIME
is a small organization with a sizable civic task: exposing public officers who are not upset with crime and high taxes, praising those who serve constitutional government. Open meetings each second Tuesday at 6:30 PM, 1717 Dauphin Street, Mobile, AL.