SURGEON GENERAL’S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named ‘‘four freedoms.”
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe’s wars.
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 4 Number 5
http://www.gul ftel .com/homefree/
May 2002
Let us send a few faithless “Representatives” looking for honest work
Enjoy the moment, Alabamians! This time we've got choices. Get to the polls on June 4 and VOTE By Olaf Childress
No one tells you how to vote, that would be presumptuous. But please consider the hopefully informed opinions that follow.
Let’s start with the Governor’s race. The choice is limited to practicing politicians who would turn the Alabama Constitution over to a rewrite committee except for a couple of newcomers willing to stick with the amendment process which our liberal media can't stomach, and that ought to tell you something. I’m for Tim James in the Republican primary. Bill Armistead as his Lieutenant Governor.
It’s Albert Lipscomb for U.S. House District 1, not Baldwin County DA David Whetstone, a grandstander who once threw me in jail for fighting the NWO.
The following state senators scored low on last month's report card, voting 20 key issues over a two-year period often against the Christian Coalition's positions with which I agree. Eight others scored an A.
SENATE BAD GUYS Lowell Barron scored F, Roger Bedford F, Tom Butler F, George Callahan C, George Clay F. Bobby Denton D, Gerald Dial F, Jeff Enfinger F, S. Escott-Russcll F, Vivian Figures F, Jimmy Holley F. Charles Langford F, Pat Lindsey F, Ted Little F, Zeb Little F, Dei Marsh F, E.B. McClain F, Lany MHfiP F,* Wendell Mitchell F, Hinton Mitchem D, Phil Poole F, Jim Preuitt F, Tommy Ed Roberts F, Hank Sanders F, Harri Anne Smith F, Rodger Smitherman F, Charles Steele F.
SENATE GOOD GUYS - ALL ACES Bill Armistead, Jack Biddle, Larry Dixon, Steve French, Curt Lee, Albert Lipscomb, Hap Myers, Jabo Waggoner.
Our legislative liaison Terri Fulton says we should concentrate on replacing state senators in this election, because:
■	No legislation can be passed without going through the senate.
■	There are only 35 senators, vs. 105 reps.
■	Seven have notable baggage and could be replaced (this is where we come in).
■	One has the Southern history people highly po’d (Means).
■	Nine would be more difficult and, at this time, they have no opposition.
■	Many with no announced opposition are from hunting areas, yet voted to take our gun rights and state boundaries away.
■ Nine double dippers: Unconstitutional!
Leafleting the home areas of all those unrepresentative state senators right now is a fast, inexpensive, effective way to do them the justice they deserve. I know it can be done, having been beside Tim Meadows and his Council of Conservative Citizens chapter when we booted one scalawag out. Flying battle flags, our little group handed motorists copies of The First Freedom and a little flyer by the thousands. It said:
Gary Tanner voted behind closed doors to remove the battle flag from Mobile County.
It’s time to remove Gary Tanner.
Vote Mike Dean.
That’s literally all it took. The longtime incumbent considered his seat safe; we were just too few in number to become a
problem for him. Need I say more? On April 4, 2002, Mike Dean introduced his fellow commissioner to read the Mobile County proclamation. Yes, our first annual Southern Heritage Luncheon was a triple header, Confederate History Month being declared by the city, county and state.
These are perilous days. I have made this point time and again: the media is where we lost it. But a leafleting campaign can reverse their influence. People are waking up. We don’t have racial or civic problems, only communications sabotage. Publish the facts clearly and the voters will respond. Those captive liberal media are not our friends. You’ve got to do it.
The media is where we also regain lost rights: by constructing a forum from which to remind politicians that treason does not pay. Alabama needs fresh newspapers like this one across the state. Order bundles to hand out with your flyers.
TIM JAMES
FOR
GOVERNOR
CONSTITUTION
CHANGE THE GOVERNOR
SIGNS AVAILABLE AT KEEFOURRIGHTS.ORG Email fityp@alaweb.com if you have frontage on a highway for putting up a large Tim James sign. We can't stop Vincent Fox from becoming co-president, but let's determine who governs oar sovereign stale.
Homeland!
Beware the leader who bangs the drums of war in order to whip the citizenry into a patriotic fervor, for patriotism is indeed a double-edged sword. It both emboldens the blood, just as it narrows the mind. And when the drums of war have reached a fever pitch and the blood boils with hate and the mind has closed, the leader will have no need in seizing the rights of the citizenry. Rather, the citizenry, infused with fear and blinded by patriotism, will offer up all of their rights unto the leader and gladly so. How do I know? For this is what I have done. And I am Caesar. -Julius Caesar
Censoring the news is not the way to change things
The First Freedom
PO Box 385, Silverhill, AL 36576 Email: homcfree@gulftd.com Editor. Olaf Childress Correspondents: William J. Atkinson IV, Lloyd Caperton, Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton, Nick Jongeblocd, Tim Meadows. Elwia Rozyskie. Linda Sewell, Tom Smith. Bob Tbylor. Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams. Tony Wilson.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S. (Bulk rates at bottom of page 6.)
Self-government begins at home Citizens me free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let yam idem be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or pan provided frill credit with address is given.
Submission! will be carefully edited for space and Ryle sheet m necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Ody name and locality wifi he printed.
Mediae racy nosedives: Conrad Black having sold his share there, one Jew, Israel Asper, owns 60% of Canada's “news." And it's not even likely the US. heard this story.
www.whilecivilrights.com
S ALIN A, KANSAS, April 17, 2002 -The European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) today expressed horror and outrage at the vicious attack and kidnaping of Michael Streeter, a 20-year-old White male, who was kidnaped from a truck stop on April II by two Black attackers.
Michael Streeter was kidnaped by two Black males on April 11th and taken to Milford Lake, where he was viciously attacked. Streeter had an ear and multiple fingers hacked off, an eye gouged out, then was repeatedly run over with his own SUV, breaking his ribs and puncturing his lungs.
“EURO is urging State prosecutors to use Kansas' Hate Crime Statute in the case to set a precedent against hate,** said Vincent Breeding, the organization's national director. “For years, we have warned that anti-hate laws were being used to selectively prosecute European-Americans. In the last two years we have followed dozens of racially motivated cases in states with hate crime statutes. Of these cases, prosecutors have applied such statutes in only one instance. An example of this double standard is the Wichita Horror Case, where Black teens repeatedly raped and then executed four Whites on a Wichita soccer field in December 2000. Fearing bad publicity, the case was ignored by the national media, and the Sedgwick County district attorney's office sealed the evidence refusing to use the state's hate crime laws."
For more on this and similar stories of media-excused Black-on-White crime, call Vincent Breeding at 985-626-7714.
THIRD ANNIVERSARY ISSUE' of
The Fint Freedom
wZa/Ze
Deo vindice!
Excuse our immodesty, but we can’t resist. Laurels may not come in from M&M, Mo Dees and others, but this is our moment to say we 're here to stay.
Hers was a valiant march
Lillian Jackson t May 19,1997
MOBILE - On April 11 her organization folded its tent. March Against Crime was founded by Ms. Jackson some twenty years ago to publicize the root causes of growing lawlessness hereabouts, and has steadily investigated areas the Mobile Register is little inclined to touch. Her organization early on saw politics as the biggest crime area of all. Then Mildred Laurendine had the idea of creating our own newspaper, and, three years ago. Volume 1 Number 1 of The First Freedom appeared. Thus, a growing March Against Crime lives on! WITH ONE HONEST NEWSPAPER?
Some say it’s futile to think the dilemma might be surmounted. Ronald Reagan, in observing, “Government can't solve all our problems, government is the problem!" came dose, but didn't identify what ails.
An aloof and segregated race, having co-opted the media, agitates relentlessly an underclass race's demands that the White race pay up, shut up and dumb down to an acceptable banality. The mediacracy is the problem. (Sec censored news at left.) G
2 The First Freedom May 2002
— A different slant on the news —
HERE’S WHAT WAS IGNORED OR M1SREPORTED ELSEWHERE
“Representatives” follow dictates of the much mistrusted mediacracy
WHERE ELSE? Gov. Gray Davis clicked bis hods on the issue of possible reparations to California’s minorities April 25. “Clearly, we want to right any wrongs, and do justice to people who were taken advantage of?’ said Davis while appearing with Jesse Jackson at the Digital Connections Conference, a small business gathering organized by Jackson’s Rainbow/PUSH Coalition in San Jose, during which month Alabama was recalling a less gray Davis.
MORRIS DEES KNOWS HATE, sees it each morning in the mirror. The editor of this newspaper asked him in an interview on Jan. 12,2002 following his speech to the University of West Florida how he finds hate in a Southern heritage movement that has nothing to do with hate. The Southern Poverty Law Center “hate expert," electing not to answer that question, punched him and editor Olaf Childress was physically hauled from the building by two “security” goons. Lately, Dees has named The League of the South a “hate group.” Counters the League: “We absolutely reject that label, and demand that media, law enforcement, and other federal and State agencies that receive the SPLC’s so-called ’Intelligence Reports* disregard these accusations as nothing but malicious lies intended to squelch political speech with which Decs and his allies disagree. Dees and the SPLC have been discredited by investigative journalists, business partners, and their own ex-employees as self-appointed ’watchdogs* more interested in raising mooey and advancing a leftist political agenda than with helping the poor and downtrodden.” And it’s well documented!
MOST BLACKS GET ALONG with Whites, and it’s not “racism” for people of all colors to take note of the political BpHU now out to dcstioy our heritage.
CORRUPT, COWARDLY JUDGES and police are big behind those robes and badges against law-abiding citizens, but make excuses anytime duty requires quick action the mcdiacrats wouldn’t praise. This goes double for all those South Carolina “representatives” who removed the battle flag from their capitol dome to please the implacable, bringing that state increased demands with each concession. Ensconced in the halls of politics, unless oft reminded, they forget the humble abode of common sense and we get our deserts. Do you vote?
JESSE JACKSON’S newly released tax forms for 2000 reveal his top donors that year were a who’s who of companies that had been threatened with boycotts or other sanctions by Mr. Jackson, and tkat Ms Citizenship Education Fund, Ms primary tax-exempt group, accepted a S50,000 donation from Kevin Ingram, a convicted criminal and the former head of the mortgage-backed securities desks at Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank.
BLACKS CANNOT HATE WHITES, say the biased “justices” unerringly: So suck thing. So the European American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) is calling for repeal of Virginia’s state hate crime law since prosecutors refuse to charge nine Black teens with hate crimes for a string of racially motivated attacks against White UVA students in Charlottesville, Virginia. Refusal to charge those Black teens - who admit having targeted victims they thought “looked White” - is an absolute outrage, says EURO. “We believe there’s a pattern of selective prosecution and racial profiling by the Commonwealth Attorneys Office.” Three months before the Charlottesville attacks, two men from Waynesboro, Virginia, were arrested and charged by Commonwealth Attorney Rick Conway with a hate crime-related assault and battery and malicious wounding for allegedly attacking a Pakistani cab driver
and “cursing him” (Associated Press, Nov. 4,2001). More*recently. Assistant Commonwealth Attorney Mary Blaney got a conviction against a 49-year-old White male for a fight with a Black male during which Weeks used a racial slur, so he now faces a two-year sentence.
NO CHARGES WILL BE FILED, said the Alabama Coalition’s president on hearing of the spring break incident at Gulf Shores, a racial crime. The young white man, attacked while wearing his Confederate teeshirt, did the right thing. Surrounded by hostile black thugs seething with racial hatred, he pulled off the shirt as demanded; stupidity wins nothing. But, as with South Carolina's removal of the flag from their capitol dome, complying with black rage’s first demands is never enough; they cracked his skull anyway, put him in the hospital lucky to be alive. Unlikely to intimidate displays of the battle flag, such darlings of the mediacracy, whether street toughs or “the Black leadership,” aren’t doing their people any favor.
BLACK PHILADELPHIA MAYOR John Street has apologized for boasting to an enthusiastic NAACP audience of about 700, “Let me tell you: The brothers and sisters are running the city. Oh, yes. Running it! Don’t you let nobody fool you; we are in charge of the City of Brotherly Love. We are in charge! We are in charge!” Critics complained the speech was racially divisive. No kidding.
THEY WONDER WHY. NAACP leaders want to know why only eleven percent of businesses and residences on Panama City’s Martin Luther King Boulevard use the name of the slain civil rights leader for their addresses. Most of the businesses continue to use the names of Cove Boulevard or State 77, as the road was called before H was renamed eight years ago.
FULL CIRCLE. Five white professors in Salisbury, N.C., have filed a lawsuit against Livingstone College claiming they were discriminated against because of the color of their skin. A black administrator’s 1994 reorganization plan to remove white faculty from department or division chairs and replace them with African-Americans, says plaintiff Bob Russ, Ph.D., who teaches English at Livingstone, contains on the margins of the document these instructions: “English - Bring in black Ph.D. chair,” “Build up Sciences and Math (Black)” and “Hire black chemist $48,000 - $50,000.” It names a salary far in excess of white faculty’s salary, Russ said.
A WOMAN’S RIGHT TO KNOW is now Alabama law. Years of effort by the Christian Coalition and other pro-family groups has Anally persuaded the state to pass legislation that wifl save lives and protect women in crisis pregnancies by giving expectant mothers at abortion clinics critical informatioa such as the developmental stage of the unborn child, risks in an abortion procedure, liabilities of the father, an opportunity to see an ultrasound image of the unborn child, and alternatives to an abortion. A 24 hour wait b required before any ft—I decision. States having passed this type legblation have seen a great reduction in the number of abortions performed.
COWARDLY VANDALISM. Tourist Virginia Rushey from New York, in taking pictures of Richmond’s historic Jefferson Davis Monument, was glad to see the word removed. “I just think it show’s people’s ignorance,” said Rushey. Less than 24 hours earlier vandals had carved the word “racist” into that statue’s granite base. A Richmond couple took pictures of the damage and contacted city officials, who
wasted no time taking care of the problem. In fact, a faint outline is all that’s left of the damage. “You get rid of this stuff as quickly as possible” said Councilman Manoli Loupassi, whose message is that damaging city property is a serious matter. “One of the things that has happened in recent weeks, you know: people that do graffiti go to jail.” Rushey says she’s already gotten a message about Richmond. “Obviously the city cares enough to make sure that it was repaired, so people aren't offended.”
WHOSE JUSTICE? Will such venom appeal to the incurably gullible? “And Justice for All PAC” ran an ad in The Birmingham News on Sunday, April 7th requesting readers to contact the listed companies/organizations and register displeasure with contributions made to the campaign of Judge Roy Moore. The ad included quotes from Adolph Hitler and David Duke, attempting to portray Judge Moore as equivalent to a mass murderer and a self-proclaimed racist. The ad concluded: “If you do not want Moore speaking for your faith, your state - or for you, call the organizations below today/ Their funding and support helped make his seat on oar state’s highest court possible.”
BOYCOTT MORALITY? The Scout oath, “to keep myself physically strong, mentally awake and morally straight” so offended certain administrators at The United Way that the organization has started limiting or denying funding to the Boy Scouts in some places. It has long been known that our kookier states harbor homos salivating to be Scoutmasters, but now they’re ranting for equal access to the boys even in states like Illinois, Iowa, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Scouting has historically thrived. United Way agencies in these states are using so-called “anti-discrimination” policies to de-fund the Scouts. Obviously public support must cease-either for the Boy Scouts or for The United Way.
I 1/	*	fat '%**** dilution
fb hot, Ss hotter’n hottest One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce $9.00 + $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397 PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
3
IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT John Ellis Bush did it What’s more, in removing the Confederate flag from the capitol without consent or vote by the people in the state of Florida, that’s when he lost any right to use that grand ole Southern nickname, “Jeb,” says Sonny Branch. “Until he puts the flag back, there will be no votes for turncoats!”
kill her herself. The [girl who reported the incident) felt very threatened by the situation.”
CAN’T HAVE FIRST AMENDMENT. Richard Gephardt, minority leader in the House of “Representatives ” recently made this startling announcement: “What we have here are two important values in conflict: freedom of speech and our desire for healthy campaigns in a healthy democracy. You cant have both” [emphasis added). For Gephardt and the supporters of reform, a “healthy” campaign is one where campaign expenditures are limited in the name of “fairness.” As a matter of fairness, we are told, those who are wealthy should not have greater access to political speech. In the words of Cass Sunstein, a prominent academic advocate of reform, “Laws that restrict expenditures on campaigns have been justified as an effort to promote political deliberation and political equality by reducing the distorting effects of disparities in wealth.” Thus supporters of reform dismiss First Amendment concerns with unabashed casualness. The highest imperative of the administrative state, of course, is not liberty, but rather a complete regime of regulation. Campaign finance reform shows the administrative state at its worst, working by indirection and deception.	- www.hillsdale.cdi
YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO KNOW what the Medal of Honor is, maintaiai Joe Foss, 86, of Scottsdale, Arizona. For nearly an hour 8 or 10 airport scrceam passed it around studying its star-shaped metal edges. The retired general and Marine fighter pilot, awarded the medal by President Roosevelt in the White House after shooting down 2d planes in the South Pacific, was allowed to proceed to his scheduled speech Co a class at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. His picture appeared oa the cover of Life magazine June 7, 1943 as “America's No. 1 Ace.” He then became governor of South Dakota. “I wasn’t upset for me,” said Foss. “I was upset that they didn’t even know what it was. It represents all the guys who lost their lives, who put everything on the line for their country. You’re supposed to know what the Medal of Honor is.”
GUN GRABBER! U.S. Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama, in giving a fund-raiser for gun-grabber John Sununu of New Hampshire to unseat pro-gun Senator Boh Smith of New Hampshire, shows his true colors. Anybody keeping up with these continuous battles to retain our gun rights knows Bob Smith has saved us time and again. He singlehandedly blocked 90% of the Clinton anti-gun package, and has (to much more than that for us.
A REAL PORKER. Let us give thanks. The Alabama Legislature has adjourned. This session saw passage of a pork-laden General Fund Budget that gives members several hundred thousand dollars to use any way they please. Over the past four years, the Senate Pro Tern’s budget has soared from $30,000 to over $1 million, with no rules on how this money is spent.
ADULTS CAN BE STUPID. Ten-year-old Hallie Whatley, a student at Webster Elementary School in Webster, Florida, was playing “Civil War” with a classmate. “Designating herself a Confederate soldier, Hallie picked up an Oak leaf and pointed it like a gun at the other girl, the so-called ’Yankee soldier,’” the Lake City Daily Commercial reports. Result: She was suspended for a day and lost her “safety patrol” duties because, the school claims, she threatened to kill the other girl. Principal Carol Stephens denies school officials overreacted. “The child pretended to stab the other. She said she was going to
EMPLOYMENT AT PEAK LEVEL Er, in the public sector. The U.S. Buret* of Labor Statistics says that combined federal, state and local government jobs grew 13.4 percent in the 1990s, passing manufacturing in many states. In Texas, public employment is 1.6 million against 1.05 million in manufacturing. Through December 2001, the public sector was a# that didn’t decline during this recessto In June 1991, combined government employment surpassed manufacturiag for the first time, and it has continued to grow as manufacturing declines. Today government employs 21 million, an army of bureaucrats exceeding worked who actually build products by more than four million. And you thought they had an unemploy meat problem to solve*
PltA4€ A/iftstfiit	C*
The First Freedom
Pa44 cwflu lo yi i t% ilwui «• 9H I &*** ”* JH gfclf MfWit M (w f**ffoidmo homefree@gulftel.coni
No heart, this hatemonger
JCMAwtf
By Olaf Childress
What fell on Alabama when those new car tags plopped in view without “Heart of Dixie** at the top wasn't stardust, and it smells. Who ordered “stars fell on** to take the place of our lawful motto? This month's award goes to that “Representative’’ who twisted the arms of cowardly officers (and don’t tell me blacks haven't enough clout to be scalawags) so that our authorized slogan shrunk to 1/16” high letters inside a tiny heart less than l/i" tall. As this was not the work of some helpless “minority,*’ let us congratulate Alabama “Representative” Alvin Holmes.
Sir, we observe that, on our last month’s report card for the Alabama legislature, you scored a great, big, fat F. Not bad, the entire House having averaged out at D, which puts you in the top percentile with those monitored on 32 key votes over a two-year period by the Christian Coalition.
You were elected in 1974, received B.S., M.Ed., and M.A. degrees from Alabama State University, attended the Rochester Business Institute in New York, received QIC in Management from the University
of Pennsylvania, and were distinguished as the recipient of an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from Selma University. You have been a real estate broker, college professor, and Vice-Chairman of Political Affairs for the Alabama Democratic Conference; also named among the Who’s Who in America, Who’s Who in American Politics, and you’re one of the Outstanding Young Men in America plus Community Leaders of America. Why, you’re included among the Outstanding Personalities of the South, and are a member of the 2,000 Men of Achievement. You have also served as President of the Montgomery County Young Democrats.
Now I’m not directly challenging your credentials, but rather the qualifications of all those credentialeers, having heard your WSFA-TV interview of February 2002: “I don’t think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag in the state of Alabama. I can say it to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I’m in the state legislature. I’m going to do everything known to human ingenuity to take
or m mmi
uRepresentative" Alvin Holmes
that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag.” Those who don 1 like being dumped on by New World orderlies can get HEART OF DIXIE retro-fit decals to stick on over apparatchik Holmes* handiwork for $1 each plus SASE to The First Freedom. Let’s stop this excretion on our back doorstep by such ones as won’t ring the bell up front □
May 2002 The First Freedom 3
“WE THE PEOPLE" RALLY
In Support Of
CHIEF JUSTICE ROY MOORE
Saturday, May 11,2992 12:00 Naau
Steps ofthm Alabama Capitol, Dexter Avenue
Mailer of Ceremonies:
Kelly McGinley, WMOB Mobile
Opening Prayer Director of The Gathering Carmen Falcione Keynote Speaker
Author of America i God and Country
William J. Federer Guest Speakers:
John Giles
President, Christian Coalition of Alabama
Kayla Moore Wife of Judge Moore
Stephen Melchior Attorney for Judge Moore
Perry Hooper, Sr.
Former Chief Justice, Alabama Supreme Court
“For upholding the moral foundation of our law and keeping our Ten Commandments monument”
For printable flyers please visit www.gulftel.com/homefree/51 .htm
- “My mother ran for help. A soldier shot her in the head”
Jenin
Sadly, the controlled U.S. media run a very tight fiction about their favorite ally: This story is from the 4/11/02 London Independent
By Justin Huggler
Abdullah Washai had to watch his 17-year-old brother, Munir, slowly bleed to death. He took several hours to die. A bole had been ripped in his shoulder by a round from an Israeli helicopter.
When the boy’s mother, Mariam, ran into the street screaming for help, Mr. Washai says, Israeli soldiers shot her dead.
These are typical of the claims of those who have managed to escape the carnage of Jenin refugee camp, the scene of the worst fighting of Israel’s onslaught in the West Bank.
The question that was facing Israel yesterday was: what will happen when the full story of what Israel has wreaked in the Jenin camp is revealed?
As the Israeli newspaper Ma 'ariv said in an editorial, “We can begin thinking today about the war after the war: the public relations war in the media in which Israel can be expected to be placed in the international defendant’s seat, when the television screens around the world become filled with the spectacle of bodies lined up, destroyed houses and crying, distraught relatives.”
The Israeli army was claiming last night it had finally taken control of all but a tiny section of Jenin camp. But the stories that have been coming out of Jenin for several days have been horrifying, although it is impossible to verify them because of censorship by the Israeli authorities, who have denied journalists access to the camp.
To reach Mr. Washai and his grieving brothers, we had to scramble down a steep, wooded hillside, with the Israeli helicopters clattering overhead. As friends shuffled past to pay their respects, Mr. Washai told his story, which cannot be confirmed, in the home of a friend who had taken the family in.
“My brother was shot on Saturday afternoon,” he said. “A helicopter round came through the wall. It went into his chest and out through the back of his shoulder. We called for an ambulance, but when it came outside the Israeli soldiers shot at it. It had to go.”
The International Red Cross has said Israeli authorities have been refusing to allow ambulances to treat the wounded all over the West Bank, which is a war crime under the Geneva Conventions.
“Munir bled until 10 o’clock that night,” Mr. Washai continued. “My mother went out into the street screaming for help for him. An Israeli soldier shot her in the
head.”
At one point he buried his head in his hands and appeared to have difficulty going on. He spent two days in the house with the bodies.
“Then we heard people gathering outside. We went out to try to get an ambulance, and the soldiers took us. They, separated my brothers and me from my father. We haven’t seen him since. As far as we know, the bodies of my brother and mother are still lying in the camp.”
The soldiers held them for some days at a military camp and interrogated them. When they released them, they ordered them to go to Ramani, a Palestinian village near Jenin.
Yesterday afternoon, an ugly rumour was going around the village, where Mr. Washai and others who have left the camp were told to go. There is no evidence but the Palestinians were saying bodies were being taken out of Jenin refugee camp in trucks.
If they won 7 remove their crime from the scene, let's remove them from the scene. We must not allow our vena! “representatives99 to foist such crime packages on us.
By Tom Smith
Bill Moyers exposed this deception in his Alabama Public Television program on February 6. We now know that, under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), signed by the U.S., Mexico and Canada, a foreign corporation - or even a common stockholder of any Canadian or Mexican corporation - can sue the U.S. Government without prior consent of their own government. In like manner, domestic corporations or their stockholders can sue the Canadian and Mexican governments. Here’s a brief sketch of how the system works.
California having required that gasoline contain a chemical called MTBE to reduce air pollution, the product was purchased from a chemical company in Canada. When MTBE particles were found in Lake Tahoe, formerly known for its super-clean water, that contamination was traced to a handful of local gas stations which had pin-hole size leaks in their piping. Lab testing for potential problems with this contamination showed that in mice MTBE can induce cancer. Therefore the governor ordered the chemical removed from all gasoline sold in California to protect the population.
The gasoline producers in that state promptly notified the Canadian company
Nahum Bamea, a well-known Israeli commentator, wrote in Yediolh Ahronoth yesterday: “A number of discussions were held on this disturbing issue by military officials. The general conclusion was that some way has to be found to move the bodies into Israel. If Israel does not find some way to give them a dignified burial, the bodies will bury Israel.”
There were other disturbing claims from those in Ramani. Mohammed al-Sadi told us he was used as a human shield by Israeli soldiers as they advanced through the camp.
“The soldiers smashed their way in through my door and started smashing a hole in the wall of my house so they could get from house to house without going in the street,” Mr. al-Sadi told us in the mosque, filled with refugees.
“The soldiers made four of us walk in front of their tank as it advanced. There were two of my cousins and another man. Then they took us to a house where the
that MTBE would no longer be purchased for California deliveries.
At this point the Canadian company filed suit against not California, but the United States Government, demanding 5970,000,000 in damages. Their claim, in referencing Chapter 11 of the NAFTA treaty, was that California had deprived them of future planned profits. The case will be decided by a NAFTA court in secret hearings, with no one from the public, nor any representative of the U.S. Government in attendance.
However, this treaty is a two-way street. Recently, the Canadian government issued an order affecting the packaging of tobacco, a public health safety measure similar to the MTBE fiasco in California. When U.S. tobacco companies threatened to file a huge lawsuit against Canada, citing loss of profits if they must meet the new packaging requirements, that country quickly thought over the alternatives and canceled the packaging order; their citizens would have to live with the risks.
In another case involving these NAFTA signatories, a Canadian funeral business had been buying up scores upon scores of private funeral homes throughout the U.S. while maintaining the same family names for the businesses. One funeral home in Mississippi saw this as an effort to create an illegal monopoly, and refused to sell their business to the Canadians. The same Mississippi company filed suit in a local state court, and, under U.S. law, was awarded $175 million in damages. Three years later - NAFTA meanwhile having become a legal agreement - Canada filed
soldiers were inside. They put us outside the front door so if anyone shot we would be shot first.”
Ariel Sharon toured an army base near Jenin refugee camp yesterday. “Our wonderful soldiers have to be able to continue this struggle,” he said.
However, his Defence Ministry announced late yesterday that troops have pulled out of the West Bank villages of Yalta and Samua, near Jenin, and Qabatya, near Hebron.
A United Nations agency said yesterday it had protested to Israel about the arrest of a member of staff and 104 students at a technical training centre it runs in RamallaJi- The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) said: “Incursions into UNRWA installations by Israeli forces and detention of UNRWA trainees and staff is completely unacceptable and contrary to Israel’s obligations to guarantee the security of UN staff.”	□
suit under Chapter 11 of that treaty and was awarded $575 Million in damages to be paid by the U.S. Government. Not the funeral home nor the State of Mississippi, but you and me!
Thus far, $4 billion in damage suits have been filed under NAFTA’s Chapter 11. The situation may well become much more serious in the near future when this free trade agreement is extended to cover 31 additional nations in Central and South America.
As a result of these and other lawsuits preliminary and threatened, the involved states and governments must reexamine all their environmental rulings in order to eliminate those which might become future NAFTA lawsuits - even if revising them endangers the public, thus mocking the very reason for the laws in the first place.
And now for the zinger!
Carla Hill, the lady who managed the preparation and negotiations for that NAFTA Agreement on behalf of the United States, having resigned from her government position, has started her own management consulting company dealing with NAFTA Chapter II lawsuits. Did she deliberately create that loophole of which her company now takes advantage? She most certainly recognized it as a lucrative opportunity.
Do you realize this NAFTA agreement supercedes the authority of the United States Constitution? Our Congressmen owe us an explanation why they voted for this mess. They should take immediate steps to abrogate it. George Washington wanted us about foreign entanglements. □
NAFTA - the latest rip-off
— Mobile —
Tim Meadows to receive new trial at circuit level with jury present
The battle flag stops here9 said Chief J. D. Kennedy when putting his police line in front of a parade contingent marching in honor of our Confederate dead. A black-clad aTactical99 unit was Ujust following orders. ” No civil rights for people out of step with MAM—Mike Dow and Mike Marshallf Mobile 9s mayor and newspaper editor.
By Olaf Childress
MOBILE, April 23, 2002 - Move than five months after the fact. Tun Meadows, 29, of Chunchula was allowed to testify in his defense before Municipal Judge John W. Coleman. As usual anytime Southern heritage is under attack by the mcdiacracy-directed puppet officials (make that public officials, if you want the official version), the charges were specious. On the day of his supposed “crime," that black-clad "TacticaT-designated police squad was disinclined to incarcerate all of us outlaws bearing Confederate flags against MaM’s wishes while marching in the Nov. 12,2001 Veterans Day Parade. Only Mr. Meadows got arrested. He had circumvented their barricade with the beloved battle flag of his ancestors, the only one of those “five flags over Mobile" not imposed by outsiders.
Divide and conquer! Paint the South evil. Dixie, ugh, bad word; we has come a long way, baby.
Sony, M&M, but it won't work like that any more. Every time you postpone this trial, another demonstration takes place out in the courtyard, with half of those passing Government Street motorists honking their approval on seeing so many Confederate flags flying in the breeze. Our flag rally on Monday. April 22, a day prior to this latest Tun Meadows hearing, sported mostly the Stars and Stripes. Why? As a "conspiracy" to emphasize your violation of the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment
Heard during Confederate History Month and Mobile's 2002 tricentennial celebration, the city should have seen fit to dismiss this ridiculous case, thus saving itself further embarrassment.
For Tim Meadows had certainly not "interfered" with the Veterans Day Parade as charged by Prosecutor Shelbonnie Coleman-Hali saying the VCR tapes show "only a gap" in the procession. "Because of Tim Meadows, they had to stop the parade and the other units," she testified. But that's false testimony! From what does the prosecutor infer this, was she there? I ought to know, myself having been right beside Kirk Lyons, Tim Meadows and friends wishing to honor all our veterans: those who fought and died defending this homeland against the Yankee invader no
less than other servicemen bombing a post-Lincoln world into submission under that expanding empire.
Indeed, Public Safety Director Dick Cashdollar had ordered all of us there in honor of our Confederate veteran ancestors to march as the last unit. every other marching group having long departed from that parade assembly area when the arrest was made, this being clearly demonstrated in videos seen by everyone in a quiet and attentive courtroom filled with supporters from the Alabama Coalition, the Sons of Confederate Veterans and the defendant’s own family plus a few friends. Yet Judge Coleman ruled guilty, called for a $500 fine and SI 56 court costs.
At the conclusion of this non-jury trial, famed civil rights attorney Kirk Lyons, who
PHOTO l»Y OLAF CHILDRESS
Tim Meadows (back to camera) return* to wife Jao lining la front row, as attorneys Charles Vow (L) and Kirk Lyons (r.) make dosing statement •
had come down from his Black Mountain, NC offices, collaborated with local counsel Charles Yow of Bay St. Louis, MS on the next step. Having demanded a jury trial and posted bond, they are standing by for the judge to name a day for our next civil rights demonstration.
My apologies that the accompanying
photos taken at an eariiar hearing in the
lobby outside that same courtroom will have to suffice. Though TV5’s cameraman could interview Kirk Lyons in the court lobby immediately following this latest hearing. The First Freedom’s camera was denied admittance to that area. Upon my insistence to police officers screening the entrance, big black burly Police Lieutenant Bob Patterson was summoned:
"I’m the supervisor. I made that decision. The judges don’t want cameras. You can’t take pictures outside the courtroom in the lobby, either. I don’t need to state a reason. I’m the supervisor.**
One final note: Tim Meadows (R), 9661-A Clebomc Road, Chunchula, AL 36521, is on the ballot for state legislator having in mind to retire "Representative" J-E. Turner, who scored F on last month’s report card. Anybody wanting to keep someone like that in office...	□
— South Carolina —
Whose Representatives are they?
By Nelson Waller For those not yet fully convinced of the corruption of our "compromising" state legis-traitors, consider that, well before that fateful flag vote in South Carolina, the national NAACP had written a pro-flag state organization saying the proposed compromise would not be acceptable to said hate group. It was reprinted in a recent edition of the TVuth at Last newspaper (P.O. Box 1211, Marietta OA 30061):
NAACP head Kweisi Mfume wrote a letter to Oren Smith of the Southern Heritage Association in Columbia, SC, dated Jan. 2,2000. A copy is in our possession. It reads, in part:
"Our principal litigate (sic) effort has been directed to the Confederate flag as an official symbol. However, we feel we arc at a crossroad and feel that a compromise would not be beneficial to anyone. In the near future, efforts will be aimed at the removal of racist names, mascots, monuments, and ending the glorification
of confederate soldiers through what is termed 'reenactments.*
"We also feel there could be better use of State and Federal resources by the closing of museums and battlefields, which are dedicated to the preservation of slavery...
"While this may appear to be one sided, it is a start toward the injustice of the Afro-American. Once the introduction and passage of a slavery compensation bill is accomplished a serious step will have been made toward reparations. This will reflect America's stance of equality, justice and freedom to the entire world. Signed, Kweisi Mfume, Executive Director, NAACP-TTAL early 2002"
So we see afresh the fraud of "closure," the "finality" our pols promised us as they voted to bring the flag down where the Rev. Slave could bum it. There was never to be any closure and they knew it. The politicians knew it, leftist pressure groups knew it, the media knew it, the Chambers of Commerce/Communism knew it and, above all, the black supremacists knew it I)
PHOTO BY OLAF CHI J|
Tim Meadows and wife Jan chat with counsel Bay St. Ixniis attorney C harles Vow. S— fca hachfgwN are numerous First Amendment guardians n
ve come to show their support for this battle flag carrier
PHOTO BY Ol
M
CHILDSES
-ivil rights attorney Kirk Lyons (back to camera) briefs crowd gathered at a previous haariagl—^ adorn, following the court's refusal to dismiss charges that defendant ■‘interfered’* with the pandt
photo av plat om i
After a triple proclamation of Confederate History Month by city, county and stale official* an AprSI at the Admiral ^iiii— Hotel In Mobile, Sons of Confederate Veterans chieftains Alas Smith of Folej and keynote spanker Rev. John Killian of Maytowa reflect on this first memorial laacheoa sponsored bf l« George's Friends of the Flag. CSA General Robert E. Lee appears quite satisfied with his hmlsasab
— Mobile —
May 2002 The First Freedom 5
A “full-blown” police crisis is in the making, if we don’t set priorities
Let's not get carried away with all this leveling. Armed criminals pose more danger than house fires; combat is riskier than an office job.
By Nick Jongebloed
March Against Crime, Inc., the citizen action group founded by the late Ms. Lillian Jackson, has been a staunch supporter of the Mobile Police Department for years, from the police chief to the new recruit I for one am pleased with the current chief, one with an advanced education, exemplary leadership accomplishments, years of outstanding performance, strong contributions to the community and consistently a hard worker. Unfortunately, one of the major problems faced by the department is its inability to retain trained, experienced police officers. Indeed, the public safety director fears a “full-blown*’ police crisis due to loss of experienced police officers, some of them to the new Mobile Regional Airport Federal Security Force.
What’s the major reason for these losses? Inadequate compensation, due in part to a policy of pay parity with another element of the city, the Mobile Fire Department, and Mayor Mike Dow's fixation on his “string of pearls.” With the events of 9-11 and the loss of so many firemen in that terrorist action, the status of firemen has been elevated to unprecedented heights. Even before this event however, demands by the fire department for pay parity with the police department resulted in a flood of responses, mostly negative and in some cases pretty vicious.
Mobile Register Editor Mike Marshall has written two correct and courageous columns recently on teen pregnancy rates, downtown crime, and the compensation parity between fire and police personnel here. One of those stories pointedly called the senseless killing of a Spri nghi II College student on lower Dauphin Street “this murder we let happen.” Mr. Marshall says establishing teen clubs in the downtown entertainment district contributed to this killing. Alongside his article of March 4, 2002 were photos showing out-of-control black teenagers by the dozens blocking traffic and, according to witnesses, shouting obscenities at traffic trying to move through the crowds.
Mr. Marshall brought up the subject of teen pregnancy in Mobile County with his March 24th column. Data for year 2000 reveals the age 15-17 pregnancy rate as 58.2 per 1,000, twice the national average. Whenever a disruptive and violent group of juveniles appears in the news, especially during the late hours, there is always the question: “Where are their parents?” And, unfortunately, that is the problem. Thirty-five years ago, Patrick Moynihan, then the assistant secretary of labor, addressed the subject: “A community that allows a large number of young men to grow up in broken families dominated by women, never acquiring any rational expectations about the future - that community asks for, and gets, chaos.” The problem has gotten much worse in the black community over the years. In 1950, one black child in six was bom illegitimate. By 1982 the rate was 57%, and by 1989 had increased to 70%. In inner city projects the rate is 80% or higher, with half those babies born to teenage mothers - some scarcely able to take care of themselves, much less a newborn infant.
Department of Justice crime data for victims and offenders aged 14-24 reveal that blacks in this group make up 1.1% of the population, but 16.2% of the victims and an astonishing 29.2% of the offenders. Indeed, as I am writing this piece I see in the Register where two black males, ages 17 and 18, kidnaped in broad daylight at gunpoint a 53-year-old woman from the parking lot of the popular Colonial Mall Bel Air shopping center. Forced into her automobile, she was driven around Mobile, raped, robbed of $200 and thrown from her
car behind C.F. Vigor School in Prichard. With help from the FBI's Violent Crimes Task Force, Mobile police arrested the suspects two days later. Excellent work, since if this crime had remained unsolved the fear factor in female shoppers would have been execrable The reason this criminal population has increased is due to the birthrat? for 15-to-19 unmarried mothers. In Alabama, the white rate is approximately 50% (half of all teenage mothers are married). Tragically, the rate for black teenage mothers is 95% (only 5% are married). The full data may be seen at www.teenpregnancy.org.
These teenage pregnancy trends affect not only the lives of millions of people, but also have a devastating effect on society as a whole. In a recent newsletter. The Annie E. Casey Foundation, a charitable organization dedicated to improving the lives of disadvantaged children, wrote: “...when teen-agers have babies, the consequences are felt throughout society. Children bom to teenage parents are more likely to be of low birth weight and to suffer from inadequate health care, more likely to leave high school without graduating and more likely to be poor, thus perpetuating a cycle of unrealized potential.**
Further evidence of the unmarried mother's misbehavior impacting future police/social problems is in the area of drug abuse. Those who use cocaine during pregnancy put the child at risk of mental retardation and other developmental problems. A study which recently appeared in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that 14 percent
To beginf we need to go back to the establishment of the American Colonies chartered by international financiers under the flag of the British Crown.
By David G. Baugh
One hundred years before the American War for Independence, the king's advisors warned him the pastors in American churches were preaching liberty and resistance to the king's restrictive and confiscatory edicts, suggesting they be replaced with regulated preachers teaching obedience to the crown (The Light and the Glory, Peter Marshall and David Manuel, p. 258, scripturesforamerica.org). One must understand that certain international financiers owned the Bank of England then, and still do today, and were using British forces to protect and control their large investments under British rule.
Eventually the oppression became great enough that American colonists revolted and won independence. The battle cry heard up and down the coasts of America was, “No king but King Jesus!” and because of their powerful, motivating influence, American pastors were referred to by the British as the “Black Regiment” (Light And The Glory, pp. 267, 290,291). At the end of the war, when British General Cornwallis surrendered to General Washington, Cornwallis made a very profound prophecy: “A holy war will now begin on America, and when it is ended America will be supposedly the citadel of freedom, but her millions will unknowingly be loyal subjects to the crown. Your churches will be used to teach the Jew’s religion and in less than two hundred years the whole nation will be working for divine world government...** (God's Covenant People, Yesterday, Today and Forever, by Evangelist Ted R. Weiland, p. 254. What did Cornwallis mean by “the Jew's religion?” I submit he meant false doctrines of men (leaven of Pharisees; ^judeochristianity,” an oxymoron) teaching obedience to the crown (men) and that Christian Americans cannot be free with Jesus Christ as our only literally Risen King, Savior and Law-Giver (Sec Hebrews 13:8).
of the cocaine-exposed children were mentally retarded at age 2, double the rate for the non-exposed children and nearly five times the rate expected in the general population. Cocaine-using mothers were also heavier users of alcohol and tobacco than nonusers in the study, thus producing other detrimental effects such as harming their children's motor skills.
I agree with Mr. Marshall’s pay parity view; there is little analogy between the core missions of the two occupations. And, as a retired U.S. Army officer twice assigned to one of the two Airborne Divisions, I can state that it would be insulting to a paratrooper to be compared to a post fireman. Admittedly, the fireman is called out at all hours to extinguish (I do not use the word “fight”) fires. In the 82nd, we were called out at all hours to “fight,” i.e., engage in exchanging bullets with an enemy. A domestic dispute requiring a call to the police can and at times does end in an exchange of gunfire with the officer. A kitchen fire often results in a ruined supper and fire/water damage to the house.
A brief review of actions by the Mobile Fire Department and Police Department on the city website shows the fire department may average three or four house fires a month, with an occasional major fire in an abandoned building downtown. For the police, it’s multiple daily arrests, shootings, investigations and hostage-taking events, not to mention the special activities of highly-trained personnel in criminal investigations, SWAT and diver teams, horse patrols, explosives demolition, etc.
On the other hand, stricter building
From the beginning, agents of the “banksters” sought to infiltrate American government and regain control of America's vast wealth, consisting of her natural resources and our labor. The only way they could accomplish this was by gaining control of our economic system. The constitution and knowledgeable patriotic Americans prevented this from happening. President Andrew Jackson once threw these banksters out of the White House, calling them a “den of vipers and thieves” and vowed “By the eternal God, I will rout you out!” which he accomplished in his administration, and America prospered, and the U.S. Treasury became engorged.
After fomenting the War between the States, in an effort to divide America and prosper on the chaos and bloodshed (President Lincoln refused their 28% usury and printed interest-free “Greenbacks,” for which he was assassinated), the agents of the banksters and their cronies finally prevailed on December 23,1913, when most of Congress was home for the holidays. The “Federal Reserve Act” was rammed through and enacted, and signed into law by then President Wilson. This act took the monetary powers away from the people through their representatives under Article I, Section 8, Clause 5, U.S. Constitution, and placed it into the hands of the very same banking families through their private monopoly called, deceptively, the “Federal Reserve System.” It is not federal, it has no reserves, pays no income tax, has never been audited, and creates what is called “money” out of thin air by paying the U.S. Treasury a few cents apiece to print “Federal Reserve Notes” (evidences of debt), regardless of denomination, then loans them into existence at full face value, plus interest (usury). (See I Timothy 6:10.)
These banksters thrive upon strife, contention, destruction and war, therefore covertly promote such unrest throughout the world for their profit at the expense of the innocent blood, suffering and misery of others. It is their “harvest time.” It took them just four years to foment and get America involved in World War One, and just twenty short years to bankrupt the U.S. Government in 1933. (WW11, and all wars
codes, improved fire prevention measures such as mandatory sprinklers and enhanced public education have reduced the primary service of most fire departments to that of extinguishing fires.
Perhaps it was his timing in criticizing firemen that caused part of Mr. Marshall's grief. However, as a professional soldier I question the vast differences in compensation between the victims of the September 11th casualty and those who die serving their country in uniform. These differences are profound. Look at the numbers. If you lost a family member in the September 11th attack, you're going to get an average of 81,185,000. The range is a minimum guarantee of 8250,000 all the way up to 84.7 million. A surviving family member of an American soldier killed in action receives 86,000 as direct death benefit, half of which is taxable. Next, you get 81,750 for burial costs. If you are the surviving spouse, you get 8833 a month, unless you remarry; then that stops. A child receives 8211 per month until age 18.
Considering the crime data and birth demographics mentioned above, the job of Mobile City Police officer is indeed perilous. Potential police recruits know this, and that clearly explains the lack of a waiting list for the job vs. that of fireman. The solution is greater pay. The United States military cannot meet its recruiting goals today. The President knows this, for which reason he demands higher military pay from the Congress. For the security of the country, he will get it For the security of Mobile’s citizens, our police officers need more pay as well.
since, were fomented by these wicked and evil predators.) Their puppet political prostitute, Franklin D. Roosevelt, was to implement Cornwallis* prophesy. The banksters deliberately orchestrated the economic crash of 1929, placing Americans in a state of desperation. Roosevelt’s first attempt at invoking the socialist scheme failed when the U.S. Supreme Court struck it down as unconstitutional (see Railroad Retirement Board v. Alton Railroad Company, decided May 6, 1935). Why? Because Congress has no constitutional authority whatsoever to legislate social welfare for the worker. Additionally, the constitution forbids direct taxation of U.S. citizens living and working within the fifty Union States (see Article 1, Section 2, Clause 3 and Article I, Section 9, Clause 4, U.S. Constitution).
So how did Roosevelt and his cronies bypass the constitution? They invoked the Social Security Act three months later on August 14, 1935 as foreign treaty-based law. Under the constitution, the President has power to enter into treaties with foreign countries and have them ratified by the Senate. The Supreme Court could have no objection to treaty-based legislation which taxed American citizens in their own country only when they volunteer to apply for government benefits provided under such foreign treaty law. The Social Security Act is codified in Title 42, USC. Section 4050(2)(BXi)(I)OD tells to whom it applies. Check it out for yourself.
Unfortunately, due to the deliberately orchestrated economic chaos, millions of Americans in desperation and ignorance accepted Roosevelt and his “New Deal” as their new savior, and voluntarily enslaved themselves and their posterity under a perpetual heavy yoke of bondage by applying for, obtaining, possessing and using a SS#. And which foreign country is Roosevelt's treaty-based law with? You guessed it The U.K., or Great Britain. Since then, it has become a general habit of obedience, based upon nothing more than vague and imprecise notions, and every ooe erroneously believes the law requires them to have a SS# when in truth and reality, it is totally and completely voluntary! In (See “Bankster Security Act,” page 9)
The dirty little secret behind the Social Security Act
6 The First Freedom May 2002
— Alabama —
PHOTO BY OLAF CHILDRESS
Confederate relief forces cross Coosa River at Wetumpka
The Montgomery Advertiser had headlined, “A Dozen People will Celebrate Confederate History and Heritage 99 in Wetumpka on April 13th in commemoration of Confederate History and Heritage Month...
By Ellen Williams On April 13th a crowd estimated at 250 gathered at the historic First Presbyterian Church, established in 1836, to begin the celebration of what was to be a near perfect occasion. On the grounds of this historic
church stands a monument to the Some marchers wore period attire, others shirts Wetumpka Light Guard, 112 strong, who with Ike timpie message: “These colors don’t ------------------
PHOTO BY HERMAN WILLIAMS
Marchers begin assembling before Wetumpka’s 166-year-old First Presbyterian Church, as Alabama Caalitfcw president Eden WOttams recounts the departure from there of Confederate sons off to bottle the Yankee fortes invading their homeland. On this day, the arresting of Southern pride came to an end.
Crescent Hill Presbyterian Church in
departed from that very spot to fight for their homes and country. City Councilman David Haynes gave a thorough and touching history of the Light Guard, and the same church bell that tolled each time a death of one of them was reported tolled again on this morning as each man's name was read.
Then the parade began, with flags flying and “Dixie" resounding from Che throats of the celebrants. The group proceeded across the historic bridge to the Elmore County Courthouse. All this time the walk was comfortable, as there was a cloud cover over the sun. At the courthouse we heard stirring speeches from NEC Brigade Cmdr. Leonard Wilson; Mr. Lloyd Caperton of Tallapoosa County; Mr Philip Davis, esq., member of Goode-Jones Camp and retired attorney from the state attorney general's office; and Cecil Williamson, pastor of
Selma and member of the Dallas County Board of Education.
Never was a more beautiful rendition of “Dixie” heard than fell from the lips of the very talented Mike Atcheson at the Elmore County Courthouse.
The speakers reminded us that our heritage is an honorable one, and the cause for which they sacrificed and died a just one: the constitution and their homes. We were told that it is our love of liberty and persistence in standing strong against the muhiculturalist-diversity crowd which is bringing the wrath of the media and the SPLC against us, because we are the real Americans on these shores, standing upon the original document of our founding fathers; and for that we are hated by the inclusion crowd.
Again we were reminded, by Pastor
. . . k- ■	.	.	__ . .	PHOTO BY OLAF CHILDRESS
“ tbe background a horse-drawn carriage between Wctnmpka’s antebellum structures, here yon see
among the gathering Confederate reenactor crowd also flap emblazoned with, “I ain’t cornin’ down.”
QoUhatugfr, peaces, seal swag dmignsd ‘staratKoa* ____________car tag? Hem’s the nlHoa:__________
V HEART OF PIXIE
n LOOKS BETTER - There's no question
ITS EAST - Goes right osar the "stars M on*
ms INEXPENSIVE - 0a* a teakae dote
rrs LEGAL - Aa verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED -
al don't thiek that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag In the state of Alabama. I can say It to all theee little Confederate people that art around hare, that think that the South going to rise again, aa long as I'm In the state legislature. I*m going to do everything known to human Ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag.* - Rap. Alvin Holmes, February 2002 In a WSFA-TV Interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and 91 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution cestBHe:
Spumond by rlM S4omgpmttry Chapter
C/0 CROWLEY	Ltagut of ikt	South
114 WllUam Court few Jcvunea doftmi Du»
Prattville, AL 36066
Williamson, that because our battle flag is a Christian symbol, that is the real reason for the vitriol hurled against it and us.
This celebration was sponsored by several Wetumpka businesses. The First Presbyterian Church. Mayor Scott Golden, the Wetumpka City Council, Elmore County Commission, Chief Pertree and private citizens - free hot dogs, chips and cola drinks being provided by the above. The organizers, Mr. Mike Whorton and Mrs. Gwen Sides, plan to make this an annual celebration in Wetumpka.
The sun broke through shortly before dismissal, seemingly bestowing Heaven's blessing upon this occasion.
God Save the South!__________________0
BEFORE YOU VOTE Consider the conservatives endorsed by the Christian Coalition of Alabama at hy7/www.CCofi\L.org |
The first annual Elmore County Confederate History & Heritage Day Parade Wetumpka, Alabama
The parade assembled at 10 am, 13 April 2002 before a still standing First Presbyterian Church from which over a hundred Johnny Rebs marched off to fight Yankee invaders, many of them never to return. On this day the names of those fallen heroes were somberly read off along with their deeds in battle, the regiments with which they fought and dates of death, as each name being read a chime in the aachat church tower pealing. That bridge you see them crossing here replaced the one first built by a Mach contractor, a slave having been freed a year earlier by the legislature twenty miles away in Montgomery, destroyed in a devastating flood on the Coosa River flowing beneath. What a day for Southern pride!
PHOTO BY HERMAN WIUMB
Final destination the old Elmore County Courthouse, where rousing music and speeches bore ost the
truth spoken by President Jefferson Davit - imprisoned without trial after the Yaakee conquest, lot Mr crimes charges turn upon the invaders: “The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert fog though it may be at another time and in another form.** This day we recalled Lincoln’s treason. N’t eat came to defeud his cause of destroying the U.S. Constitution and founding the North Americas Eapae
Compatriots,
As most of you know, on June 2,2001 at the Jefferson Davis Birthday Memorial Ceremony it was brought to my attention that a painting depicting die Confederate Veterans Reunion held in Montgomery in 1931 was hidden in a closet in the old Archives room oc the second floor of the Alabama State Capitol Building. At that time I began a campaign to restore this beautiful painting to a place of honor and back into public view. I am happy to report that the painting is now on public display in the Alabama State Archives and History Building in Montgomery. The State of Alabama once again having tried to hide our history from us and the general public, this time they failed. When you visit the Archives, please make it a point to enjoy this wonderful work of art - Ken McGhee
The media knowingly promote open season on Southern symbols. Claiming FirsI Amendment rights to censor a culture that doesn9tfit their plan9 the New World orderlies find only Whitey capable of wrong. Self-hatred is the worst kind.
By Anne Winston
The law contains provisions for knowingly and willfully casting an individual (and by extension, a group of individuals) in a “false light” It is akin to defamation of character and carries severe penalties when guilt is proven.
Can you think of an organization that would be willing to bring this sort of lawsuit against some guilty party, say a media or government figure who persists in casting Confederate flag supporters in a “false light” - demonizing, and, in doing so, placing them all at risk?
We would have no trouble proving that “real and present danger” resulted from these mischaracterizations, considering the number of hate crimes committed against flag supporters and the pointed nature of these transgressions.
I'd most like to see this sort of case brought against a media outlet, given that 1) they repeatedly offend in this way and act as accomplices to others who do the same; plus 2) as corporate entities, the media cannot legally hide behind First Amendment protection in matters such as these, because rights attach to flesh-and-blood human beings, not paper entities that enjoy only privileges.
Moreover, the perpetrators are. in a
calculated way, inciting an identifiable population to riot. (What else can an orchestrated wave of anti-social misconduct be called but a covert riot?) 1 believe we could easily attach the increase in Confederate-directed hate crimes to an increase in public criticism of the cause by “authority” figures.
I believe it would take only one such lawsuit to put a stop to this outrage. Don’t forget, public officials can be sued as individuals for actions they take in office that 1) are beyond their delegated powers; and 2) cause harm to individuals. They cannot use government lawyers to defend themselves, and must pay penalties out of their own pockets.
“They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.”
- Benjamin Franklin
[Heart of Dixie]
Get two “Heart of Dixie" decals with a one-year subscription to The First Freedom while supply lasts. This is a limited time offer. Be sure to ask for them.
| The First Freedom
1PO. Box 385. Silvcrhill, Alabama 36576!
BEGS
I PULL NAME
I
I______________________________________  *
I MAIL ADDRESS
; t, ■'
I
J CITY	STATE	\
| □ Here's $12 for a one-year subscription.) i □ $20 for 200 extra copies of current issue; | LJ $20 for 200 extra copies of the next one.;
J El $__________as	a	patron.	Keep	it	up!
1 □ Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie" decals! J Email, tcl.nr. or comment:
i
— Alabama —
May 2002 The First Freedoi
A CITIZEN’S PETITION TO GOVERNMENT FOR A REDRESS OF GRIEVANCES:
Colonel Alexander, please read your mail
Dear Elected Alabama Representatives:
The following Show Cause Letter, which is considered self-explanatory, was not responded to by Colonel James H. Alexander, Alabama Department of Public Safety.
We expect all public servants, elected or appointed, to obey the law(s) made in pursuance of the Constitutions of the United States of America and the Republic of Alabama, and to make sure that the rights of the people secured by them are never violated. No law requires anyone to participate in social security or to obtain a social security number to live or work in the United States. While Congress has passed some 40 laws indicating other uses for social security numbers, there is no constitutional authority to force these laws on the people. Elected Representatives, no one is required to participate in social security, because of religious objections to being “numbered” or for any other reason.
“An unconstitutional act is not law; it confers no rights; it imposes no duties; affords no protection; it creates no office; it bin legal contemplation, as inoperative as though it bad never been passed.” Norton vs. Shelby County 118 US 425 p. 442.
“Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them.” Miranda vs. Arizona, 384 US 436 p. 491. “All laws which are repugnant to the Constitution are null and void.” Marbury vs. Madison, 5 US (2 Cranch) 137,174,176,(1803). Even at Nuremberg, judges did not allow the defense that, “1 was just following orders.” In fact, each officer was held accountable for his own actions.
You've publicly documented your taking an oath of office to perform such office to the best of your ability “so help me God,” and to uphold, protect, and defend the constitutions. Based on that oath, we are challenging your credibility.
Your immediate response is requested.
Yours for liberty and freedom, Harold Sorensen Copy provided to the news media «««< Show Cause Letter »»»> P.O. Box 331 Rutledge, Alabama 36071 Certified Mail U 70001670 00071804 3640 March 22,2002
VIOLATION OF YOUR OATH OF OFFICE Colonel James H. Alexander, Director Hq., Alabama Department of Public Safety Post Office Box 1511 Montgomery, Alabama 36102-1511 Dear Colonel James H. Alexander:
This is to acknowledge receipt of your March 14, 2002 letter in which you have denied renewal of my CDL, my wife's and my daughters' driver licenses without a social security number. In this regard I am providing you with a copy of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services PIQ-99-05, July 14, 1999 letter. In this letter you will find that Section 466(aX 13)
of the Act does not require that an individual have a social security number as a condition for receiving a license, etc.
Also, Title 42, Social Security Act, states, “the social security number will NEVER be used for identification.” Further, we do not have social security numbers and under maxim of law we cannot disclose what we do not possess. The State of Alabama is selling driver licenses for profit, and discriminates against a minority that refuse to be “numbered” because of deeply held religious convictions. Harold Sorensen has God's given authority as “Head of the House,” but the State of Alabama has taken over this authority, causing great strife within his family unity. The Department of Public Safety’s actions requiring social security numbers are discriminatory, establishing a “State Humanistic Religion” mandating involuntary servitude performed by “numbered citizens.”
Your attention is also directed to Section 7 of the Privacy Act of 1974: It is unlawful for any federal, state or local government agency “to deny to any individual any right, benefit or privilege provided by law because of such individual's refusal to disclose his Social Security Number.” A warning. Colonel Alexander, that one who under color of law deprives any citizen of rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the United States Constitution is subject to civil and/or criminal penalties pursuant to Title 42, United States Code, Section 1983, 1985, and 1986 and/or Title 18 United States Code, Section 241 and 242. Penalties include up to 510,000 fine and ten years in prison, or both, and up to life imprisonment, if death results.
The Privacy Act also requires federal, state and local government agencies that request individuals to furnish their social security number to inform the individuals “whether that disclosure is mandatory or voluntary, and by what statutory or other authority such number is solicited, and what uses will be made of it.”
Colonel Alexander, you are being required to show cause why we should not bring suit against you for violating your oath of office. Please provide the following:
■	1. Is having a social security number mandatory or voluntary?
■	2. Is disclosure of the social security number mandatory or voluntary?
■	3. By what statutory or other authority is the social security number solicited and what uses will be made of it?
■	4. Please provide a written copy of the statutory or other authority the Department of Public Safety is utilizing as their authority to require a person to have and a person to disclose a social security number.
■	5. Explain why the selling of Alabama driver licenses for profit is not discriminatory against those who do not possess social security numbers.
■	6. Provide your authority based on the United States Constitution and the Alabama Constitution that makes it mandatory for a citizen to be “numbered.”
April Confederate History Month
PRATTVILLE, April 19 - This was an exciting, fulfilling weekend, a busy one for Alabama's Confederate Community. The Prattville Dragoons sponsored their Friday night band concert with the 5th Alabama Regimental Band playing War-Between-thc-States era music. Underwritten and under the auspices of the General Robert Rodes SCV Camp of Tuscaloosa, the group is an undiscovered treasure in our state for many who honor, love and revere their Confederate heritage. The evening was filled with rousing, inspiring fight tunes, as well as musical pieces that tugged at the heart strings, bringing a mist to the eyes. Many thanks to the Dragoons for providing an enjoyable evening for us	n
MONTGOMERY, April 20 - Capt. Ken McGhee and his reenacting unit flawlessly pci formed the flag ceremony, firing volleys in remembrance of our Confederate dead. General Lee's heart-wrenching final order to the Army of Northern Virginia was read by MC Geoffrey Stough. Dr. David Roc provided bagpipe music and Mr. Jeff Bender performed “Dixie” on harmonica. Representative Bob McKee sang two of his original numbers, accompanying himself on guitar: “I Remember Robert E. Lee” and “Yellowhammers.” Miss Lee Ann Crews, Ala. Div. Children of the Confederacy, and her mother placed the honorary wreath at the Jefferson Davis monument. Thanks to Mrs. Ann Ball and the UDC for a dignified and touching Confederate Memorial Day.O
Your written response to the above Show Cause is expected within ten calendar days of your receipt of this Certified Mail letter. Your failure to respond within this time frame will be considered contempt by a Public Servant against Citizens of the Alabama Republic and a direct failure to uphold your oath of office. Appropriate action(s) will be taken to have you removed from office with loss of all benefits. Our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain.
Yours for liberty and freedom, Harold Sorensen
OLD SOUTH GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weoguflca, AL CSA 331 S3 (236)249-9100		
tuft Loan Pawn* Bay SeO-Trade Gaas-Toob		
	Sc	“Yea CateV Catfish
Elect roaics Jewelry Knives • Amo LLOYD CA Tim		Shirts, Caps Belt Bockles
	... All 6 flap in • Bon per Stickers • Beverages • Tobacco Building erected la ISS3 PERTON, Owaer — Capc< SA unnicaa irer. Alabnaa 1 cagae of the Soath	
WANTED - College teachers for Sand Mountain area of Alabama. Even if Lincoln's troops scored a great victory, and flaunt that fact fiercely yet today, we can undo the harm. Let us educate our children. Contact Centre for Southern Studies. 17 Canefield Drive. Cartersville.OA 30120. Tel770-607-7508 or email
Mo Dees’ SPLC is on a (bank) roll
GULF SHORES, April 18, 2002. The European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) today called on the Gulf Shores Police Department to investigate as a hate crime an attack on a White student who was beaten by three Black youths for wearing a Confederate flag teeshirt. John McDow, a 19-year-old college student at the University of South Alabama, was sitting in the back of his pickup truck at a public beach on Alabama 182 on March 26 when a mob of 10 to 20 Black males began shoving and yelling at people at the beach. A group of Black males with bats began pulling Confederate flags from a truck in a parking lot Three of them approached McDow and told him “take it [a Confederate Flag t-shirt] off if I want to live.” McDow was then attacked from behind by a blow to his head and knocked unconscious.
The Alabama Coalition contacted this state’s homegrown Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) to ask if they were going to do anything about such a hate crime, intolerance that had hospitalized this med student attacked by blacks at Gulf Shores. The predictable response: “In our opinion, it is never all right to hate and be intolerant of any people, and I'm unclear why you would say that. We report the news, and work to teach young people to be tolerant through our educational department. I am not sure what you are suggesting we “do” about the Gulf Shore incident Here are some ideas of things you can do, if you choose:
“We have a list of Human Rights groups found here: www.tolerance.org/maps/hu-manrights/index.html “Just click on your state for a listing of
groups in your area that might be able to offer you help or advice.
“We also have forums where people anonymously discuss many issues, which might prove informative for you: www.tol-erance.org/forums/index.html
“You might also consult these three popular publications of ours: www.toler-ance.org/order_fonns/index.html
“As to legal recourse, unfortunately, we cannot assist you. The Southern Poverty Law Center generally handles civil rights cases that affect a large number of people and lawsuits against extremist groups that promote violence. The Center does not typically get involved in criminal cases, commercial litigation, or individual grievances that do not raise novel legal questions or affect the rights of persons beyond the parties to the dispute.
“If you are interested in pursuing the matter legally, we suggest that you contact a private attorney, or your local ACLU chapter. We receive hundreds of requests for legal help each year, but our legal staff is small and it cannot pursue every worthy case that comes to its attention, unfortunately.
“As a cautionary matter, we would like to inform you that there are specific time periods that govern how long you have to file a case, make a claim, or file an appeal, you can lost your rights if you do not act promptly. Our wishes go out to you for success.”
Blabberdiblabberdiblabberdiblab. Morris Decs has 5120 million in the bank for a reserve fund, yet they turn down hundreds of cases because their “legal staff is smalL” And stupid people keep donating to him.	□
Let’s sum it up with an acronym
By Nelson Waller
It all falls under five basic factors: Israel, money, drugs, oil, and the “new world order.” Let’s call it IMDONWO for short, shall we? Say “im-don-wo” several times, and feel your political IQ expand by the minute. This is the stuff of most headlines nowadays. We yearn to believe our shared public life is spun from truth, justice and “the American way” (as the introduction to Superman used to put it). I think the stark reality is otherwise. We must immediately face this fact or prepare for “Weimar Republic” levels of inflation, fynine, gang supremacy and massive chaos.
Forget the media's jive talk about the Arabs coming after us because they hate our freedom and prosperity. You know and I know and W knows that the businessmen, janitors, tourists, firemen, policemen, relief workers, politicians and military personnel who died in the 9-11 catastrophes perished because of politicians' cynical and selfish fixations on Israel, money, drugs, oil and the “new world order,” Papa Bush having told us the “NWO” was his main objective.
Think about what we've been through already: the televised funerals ... the little kids made orphans... the candlelight vigils ... the mass sympathy cards for strangers.
Troops mobilized for their decennial Mideast crisis... youth still totally clueless about life and politics being put in harm's
way, in a country whose name they can't spell ... body bags being prepared, untold numbers of the flower of our youth (it was 55,000 in Vietnam) removed from the labor force, their neighborhood and family circle ... not for freedom or justice - not really -but all for IMDONWO, the politicians' whims and diversions: so much of this grief and shame and loss!
The Pharaoh's curse, anthrax, sweeping America ... workers dropping like flies, politicians and news readers in denial. Congress shut down for days, the postal service on the brink of breakdown and catastrophe, ladies starting fires trying to microwave their mail before opening it... a whole nation having to read up on diseases they thought were gone forever (Ex. 15:26) and explain it to their children and regard each day's mail as a potential death sentence ... government making blustery noises about providing three hundred million doses of antidote for this one disease, which they most assuredly brought on us themselves ... all for what? Israel, money, drugs, oil, and the “new world order” - all for IMDONWO, that's what!
Is it really worth it, America?
Nelson Waller can be reached care of this paper or PO Box 2368, Anderson, SC 29622; 864/225-0882; nwaller@carol.net
— The South —
College students realize the heritage a few are bashing is their own
Political correctness has just been reversed by two University of South Alabama alumni defending historical accuracy at Oklahoma U.
By John Haynes
The Oklahoma Intercollegiate Legislature (OIL) is a mock legislature composed of delegates from fourteen colleges and universities across Oklahoma. It met this year on April 3-7 in the actual House and Senate chambers at the State Capitol Building. OIL was founded in 1969.
I was a delegate to the OIL House of Representatives from the University of Oklahoma. Mr. Matt Smith (another OU delegate) and 1 submitted our bill - “The Flag Plaza Historical Accuracy Act of 2002** - because, for the past 14 years, the historical Flag Plaza located on the south portico of the Oklahoma Capitol Building had lacked a Confederate flag. Flag Plaza is supposed to fly the 14 flags of nations that at one time had dominion over Oklahoma. However, the plaza currently contained only 13 flags and one empty flagpole. The battle flag that flew there prior to 1988 had never been put back up after renovation to Flag Plaza was completed that year.
This was a personal decision made by a single executive branch bureaucrat. Even though the Oklahoma legislature passed a joint resolution that year demanding the restoration of the flag, that order had been ignored by the executive branch for more than a decade. Our bill contained the following language:
“The flags flown in Flag Plaza of the State Capitol Building, representing the nations formerly having dominion over the land now comprising the State of Oklahoma, shall include, as was custom before 1988, the Battle Flag of the Confederacy. The restoration of this flag reflects the fact that the Sonnet Indian Territory was a territory of the Confederate States of America from 1861-1865, with duly elected representatives serving in the Confederate Congress. This section codifies the will of the 1988 Regular Session of the
Oklahoma Legislature as expressed through SJR 48.”
This codified the will of the Oklahoma Legislature. Thanks to some hard lobbying of House floor leaders, our bill was introduced and heard on the full House floor. After more than two hours of debate, the bill was amended twice and put to a vote of
Saving whatever
Confederate Veteran
XXIV -1916-Page 200 Knights of the White Camelia By John W. Broughton, Lorman. Miss.
The organization of the Knights of the White Camelia was formed in New Orleans, La., in 1867 for the protection of the white against negro insurrection, as such was necessary all over the South, which was then overrun by carpetbaggers and scalawags, office seekers who were using methods of inciting the negroes to rise that they might hold their offices. The
the full House. One amendment changed the Battle Flag to the Third National Flag of the Confederacy. Another amendment added educational plaques to the bottom of the flagpoles. The bill passed the full House by a vote of 50-20. This was a thrilling victory as it showed that collegiate Oklahomans are willing to strike a blow
could be saved
plans adopted were to organize companies and. under the name of the Crescent City White League, at different times have large torchlight processions on the streets of New Orleans, the idea being to let the negroes know what to expect in case of an uprising. This organization was kept up until the... fight on the 14th of September, 1874, resulting in the overthrow of the misrule which was then in full swing. I became a member of the Knights of the White Camelia in the fall of 1867 and remained as such until January, 1869, when 1 moved to Rodney, Miss. -BB
against ignorance and political correctness. The amended bill read:
“The flags flown in Flag Plaza of the State Capitol Building, representing the nations formerly having dominion over the land now comprising the State of Oklahoma, shall include the Third National Flag of the Confederacy. The restoration of this flag reflects the fact that the former Indian Territory was a territory of the Confederate States of America from 1861-1865, with duly elected representatives serving in the Confederate Congress. This section codifies the will of the 1988 Regular Session of the Oklahoma Legislature as expressed through SJR 48. A plaque will be placed at the bottom of each flagpole in order to educate the citizens of Oklahoma and to explain the flags* presence."
Thanks from Mr. Smith and myself go out to Mr. Michael Grissom and Mr. Steve Byas for their advice and help in crafting this legislation to preserve our Southern heritage in Oklahoma.
pose threat to global government?
Do Confederates
Some politicians still haven 9tgot it The survivors in November will respect more than just our right to wave flags the media don H like•
By Ellen Williams
President, The Alabama Coalition
April, 2002 was proclaimed Confederate History and Heritage Month across the state by the governor plus many mayors and probate judges, with the Alabama Board of Education having declared April Confederate History and Heritage Month in perpetuity.
Our large daily newspapers, however, refuse to publish this recognition, nor will the TV stations do multiple “spots** about generals, battles, or even the genius of Jefferson Davis who simultaneously formed a government and fought off an invading army. The
public school system will not hold assembly programs featuring guest speakers, nor decorate bulletin boards, hold art and essay contests or even allude to this historical event in which 30,000 Alabamians died.
Confederates made “news** in California though, with a newspaper columnist calling us “domestic terrorists” to be compared with the Taliban. Here in Alabama, the high church of the new national religion Tolerance, or Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), practices and preaches tolerance for all ethnicities, religions and groups except CSA descendants. The SPLC website lists several small, powerless Confederate heritage organizations as “hate groups.” On January 11 when a company of Alabama citizens gathered at the capitol for an historical program, they were even denied electricity for a public address system.
One is made to wonder why so much negative attention to an historical epoch which ended 137 years ago and whose duration was only four short years? Is the CSA raising another army? Is that why we are compared to the Taliban? Why so much venom spewed at a small group of history buffs, reenactors and memorializers? What is it that so many powerful individuals and the media fear?
The CSA was created out of resistance to a tyrannical central government Can it be that, in a nation now proceeding toward global government, even the history of such an idea must be snuffed out? Is it the family-oriented basis of the South that is offensive, in a time when the definition of marriage and family has changed from die traditional husband/wife/children model? Or, maybe it is the “Bible-belt“ Christian connotation of the South which poses a danger?
Less government, traditional family, and God; radical ideas indeed.
Today you’re not alone in this fight — but tomorrow may be too late
Today many Southrons, this one included, feel like foreigners in their own land.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
I was recently asked by a young man what those flags I fly mean. 1 told him they were all Confederate flags. The only one he had known of sms the battle flag. He then asked about my ari-Unitod Nations sign and inquired aatowhntlhatronrfmrfl. and how someone fike Urn was supposed to know what it was all about, my flags and signs, etc. After I "fhinwi to him their meaning and some of my work in the Southern movement, he informed me that if 1 kept messing with the government and people in high places, something had was going to happen to me. He was surprised it hadn't already. I said look, I am 3/16 Cherokee and was born red headed, the very first thing that happened to me was something bad; I don't worry about stuff like that! Trying to get along with everyone and not think about political stufT he didn't believe in making people mad.
That is the general attitude today, which is why we are losing our rights. Another question I often hear, are we Confederates trying to overthrow the government? 1 remind them that it was our legitimate and lawful government that was overthrown and any symbol that remains of it is still being disposed of. The “Heart of Dixie” having been taken off our tags is the latest insult Some say we should just forget. That's hard to do when most everything wrong today is a result of the Southern defeat, the loss of states rights and self government This is true whether you're talking about NAFTA and GAIT and the
demise of the small fanner and small businesses, foreign immigration, gun control, abortion, school busing, gay rights, the drug and crime problem; practically all modern problems can be traced back to the loss of self-government’s ability to deal with them, which started with the conquest of our Southland.
Dr. Hill stated it well when he said, “We don't have an immigration problem, we have a ‘Yankee’ problem,” meaning the federal government’s opening of our borders to make way for world government. If we were allowed to defend our borders like a real country, there would be no immigration problem.
Some make the remark that the war was a long time ago. We should remember that the Irish and Scots fought for independence from England for over 800 years. By comparison, 137 years is only a short time. There were periods when their dream of self-government was almost forgotten, and those who advocated it were branded traitors and radicals. Those “radicals” are now heroes in Scotland.
This April I’ve seen more Confederate History celebrations than I can remember. Some get angry because we celebrate the secession of the Southern states. But, if you had to choose between staying in the United States and coming under something worse than Communism, or attempting another secession, which would you choose? Is the Union more important than freedom? When will the price of union become too high? For the South, it was when Lincoln became president and enforced a 50% tariff on our cotton and other raw products.
Only a tax on tea, along with not being allowed to print their own money, gave
earlier Americans justification for that Boston Tea Party and secession. Although the America we’ve known is already over, when Southrons speak of another secession we are called extremists.
But if Hispanics talk of California and Texas seceding and rejoining Mexico, that is taken seriously, sometimes promoted by “our” public officials. NAFTA helped pave the way, and now the United Nations seeks to have the U.S. divided into regions rather than states. Atlanta is the proposed capital of the “Southeast region.” A bill has been introduced several times to take Alabama's borders out of the state constitution and place them in statutes easily changed. Most states have already taken their borders out of their constitutions. Some would rename Alabama and Mississippi, because they say the words are “racist” and offensive. The Heart of Dixie has already been removed from car tags, so you might wake up one morning to find that officially you don’t live in Alabama anymore. (The song Dixie was first written by blacks, and Alabama and Mississippi are Indian names, but truth never gets in the way of liberal ideology.)
So plans are underway for the United States to be divided; and, if others can talk about it, why not we?
Things do look pretty bleak. Alabama just gave several hundred million dollars to entice a Korean car plant here. People find that wonderful. 1 can’t see it! Now if Korea, Germany, Japan, Italy or anyone else were offering Alabama companies millions to set up plants and share ideas for their citisens to work, that would be something to brag about. It’s kinda like this: if a man can’t look after his own, and hires some other man to take cart of his wife and family, the
latter could very well end up with his wife and home. The same can happen to a state.
We have all of these false American patriots. McDonalds flies the federal flag to show everyone what big Americans they are, but the beef in their hamburgers comes not from American farms but from foreign nations. Burger King the same!
Mexican Americans are working to assure that they will have a slice of the American pie. The United Nations wants the whole pie, at least control of every slice they intend to cut And what do we get? If Southern people don't wake up: nothing, not even permission to honour our proud past! If enough people do wake up (and there's a good chance we may before it's too late) who are willing to work at it at least one of those slices of the divided America can be ours - a place where our Confederate Red, White and Blue can proudly fly! Ours will be a tougher row to hoe than the Mexicans* because we are anti-socialists living in a socialist world. But 1 promise: if we fail, you won’t want to even think about what the area once called Alabama will be like 40 or 50 years from now, maybe sooner!
You might choose not to get involved in this fight, but when you are old one day and near death, a stranger in your own country, when there is no right to keep and bear arms, nor freedom of speech or assembly, no place you can walk or ride without a permit, no living person you can talk to who remembers anything different, no one to fight with, you’ll wish to be back there before things got so bad and do something about it! Today you will not be alone in the fight Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
— Rethinking the revolution
Statist education: is history repeating itself?
This analysis by our newest staff member, who resides in Theodore, continues with next month 9s issue.
Atkinson IV
Public education is perhaps the most dearly loved institution in today’s modern society. Many parents love its relieving them of responsibility for raising children, setting them free to pursue their selfish ambitions. Others believe it*s a place where their children can get an education for free. And some support the system because of the athletic opportunities it offers their children. But, beyond all these groups is still another class that adores the public schools even more: statist politicians and philosophers.
Public education has unquestionably been the greatest tool of tyrants throughout man's history, from the time of Babylon until now the foremost institution for changing the culture of a country from a liberty loving civilization to a nation that's enslaved to the crudest of men. Ironically, the enslaved people under these regimes did not complain about their bondage because they were taught it was freedom.
Public education progressed rapidly in the twentieth century as John Dewey and other socialists refined the art of brainwashing and amoral training. But the perfection of the concept undoubtedly came under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi regime in Germany. The similarities between the Nazi educational system, which included Hitler Youth and Maids of Germany, and modem American public schools are remarkable.
■ 1. Both the Nazi and American public schools were founded by socialists.
When Adolf Hitler took charge in the 1930s, a public school system was in place. Years before the Weimar Republic was formed, the Prussian Kaiser had established a compulsory system to educate Germany’s children. But, after several failures by state schools, the requirement was lifted with most children being sent to private or church-run schools or educated by a tutor at home. But the system that had been set up in the early nineteenth century remained in place, howbeit small and insignificant When Hitler took over Germany his job of controlling was made easy, the structure for a public education system being in place: having been founded years earlier by the same philosophers who had formed some of Hitler’s ideals. When those public schools were founded, the influential forces behind them included the famous socialist philosophers of that day, foremost among them Hegel, Fichte, Heinrich Heine, Friedrich Engels, and Karl Marx. They saw public schools as the means for bringing about a new age of humanism and absolute loyalty to an absolute state. Thus, when the Nazis rose to power, their indoctrination infrastructure was already in place. The public schools of the United States, similar to those in Germany, were started by socialists and humanists. Robert Owen, who undertook the first communist experiment in New Harmony, Indiana, was one of the earlier champions of public education. Samuel Blumenfeld, author of Is Public Education Necessary?” says, “to the Owenites it was clear that public education was the essential first step on the road to socialism.” Horace Mann, considered the founder of the American public school system, was a dedicated socialist and a believer in the theories of Robert Owen. Archibald D. Murphy, a prominent writer, said, “Indeed if anyone can claim credit for changing America’s social, academic and, ultimately, political direction from a libertarian to a statist one, it would be Horace Mann.” These men, Horace Mann and Robert Owen, were succeeded
By William J.
by John Dewey, who proudly stated that “Schools do have a role, an important one, in the production of social change.” The men who were influential in founding the German public school system and the American public school system were very open about their socialist beliefs and goals which they propagated through education.
■	2. Nazi education, as does American education today, decreased academic standards while emphasizing sports and socialist training.
When the Nazis seized control, that’s the first thing they did. Brenda Lewis, in her book, “Hitler Youth: In War and Peace ” states, “The emphasis on sports training, the most marked single characteristic of Hitler’s education system, was only one symptom of the shift away from the intellectual traditions of the past. In the Nazi education system, syllabuses were radically changed to accord with the tenets of National Socialism and all subjects were re-angled to reflect the Nazi world-view.” Every aspect of education was changed by the Nazis to promote their agenda.
Modem American education is a mirror of the Nazi method. Children from the earliest ages are carefully schooled in the doctrines of modem socialism: tolerance, multiculturalism, pluralism and the blessings of big government. It was estimated by the Washington Post that over ninety million people in the United States are functionally illiterate, and that twenty-six percent of seventeen year olds will never graduate from high school. But, while academics decrease in schools, sports and socialist training pervade the curriculum of the education system. Organized sports is used, as was the case in Nazi schools, as a way to gain the attention of children for indoctrination by their teachers. In “Is Public Education Necessary?” Samuel Blumenfeld states that “A youngster who passes through its (public school's) classrooms emerges indoctrinated in a body of secular values as if he had gone to a sort of government parochial school.” Thomas Sowell said that “A variety of courses and programs, under an even wider variety of names, have been set up in schools across the country to change the values, behavior, and beliefs of American youngsters from what they have been taught by their families.” Children in our modem schools are constantly bombarded with socialist indoctrination about everything from science to history, all in the name of education.
■	3. Both the Nazi and American education systems instituted “school to work programs” to train children for “needed jobs” in the society.
In the Nazi’s education system children were no longer taught the basics: reading.
writing and arithmetic, nor allowed to choose an occupation for themselves when they graduated; instead, the Nazi teachers were instructed to keep tabs on the abilities of pupils and report them to the education department, which then decided for what job the child was best suited. As demand for certain types of labor became more and more prevalent in the German economy, children were trained to fill those gaps. As new territories became conquered, children were trained to be farmers, factory workers or whatever needed in a specific area.
For the past twenty years in our modem American education system, “school to work programs” have become increasingly popular. Teachers decide what jobs children are best suited for, and encourage entrance into that field by providing opportunities to visit the workplace and learn firsthand the vocation chosen for them. As in the Nazi system, such programs are just a glimmer of that command economy which is the goal of American socialists: children being trained for jobs wherever needed in the economy.
■	4. Public education is being used in America, as it was in Germany, to gain total control over the people.
In 1933, Adolf Hitler proudly stated his goal of using education to produce a new world of total statist control. He said, “I begin with the young...What material! With them, I can make a new world. Out of it will come the creative man, the man-god.” Hitler believed that if he taught children from birth they would follow him to the death, and in millions of cases he was right Once gaining control of the education system in Germany, it was very easy for him to seize control of the country.
The American education system is the greatest promoter of government in the country. Children are taught to rely on the government for meals, for school books, facilities, even medical and physical care. They learn there is no area of life in which the government cannot care for them. Thus, children come to view government as their guardian against poverty, provider for the needy and protector of the people from all crimes, including “thought crimes” such as hate and intolerance. As each new wave graduates from public schools, ever more liberties are sacrificed by the population, increased allegiance shifting to the federal government
■	5. The American education system, as its Nazi counterpart, denies parents the authority over their children, while teachers must answer only to the state.
Adolf Hitler boldly proclaimed what he thought of parental control in 1933 with the words, “When an opponent declares, ‘I will not come over to your side,* I say
So few the proud ones these days
By Nelson Waller April was the anniversary of a surrender - Lee to Grant - and all over the place the Lee’s of our generation surrender to the government grant
I have heard talk of secession. Baloney! From whom will they secede? The problem lies in the ABC agencies around the head of the President; and the majority of seceders get some form of government check. Thel veterans should get whatever they want; those who have been robbed by the “social security system arc due returns on such thievery; but for the SSI’s, grants and other redistribution of our wealth,	—well.
My daughter-in-law, my friend Ruth Ann and I personally financed two trips to the “Americans Discuss Social Security” meetings in Buffalo, N.Y. and Atlanta,
Georgia. These were the brainchildren of Hillary Clinton, underwritten by the Pew Foundation. The reason we went was to present my“social security plan,” which is:
■	1. Make social security voluntary.
■	2. Provide cash rebates to all who have “investments” in such public insurance. This will include interest at the rate the IRS would charge you from the date of your “introduction” into the system.
3. All of those who have nothing “invested” — and there are many — would be allowed to continue getting their checks until the year 2020 at R which time Point 3 expires.
\ Now, who could oppose such a \ plan? Only those who benefit \ from the controls, and are * convinced they are our appointed guardians. What a wicked generation! But this plan draws out who the real devils in the matter are, the rest of the opposition to it falling within the bounds of those saying “...they’ll never do that...” while listlessly continuing, waiting for death to overtake them.
Not I, said the little Red Hen.
— nwaUer@carol.net
May 2002 The First Freedom 9
calmly,4 Your child belongs to us already. What are you? You will pass on. Your descendants, however, now stand in the new camp. In a short time they will know nothing but this new community.*”
Parents refusing to allow their children into the public schools or the Hitler Youth programs were deemed unfit and taken to concentration camps. Youngsters learned the state was superior, not their elders. Teachers and Nazi officials urged children to report their parents for any “unpatriotic statements.” For parental noncompliance the consequences were swift and horrible. When reports of immorality and decadence in the schools began to arise, concerned parents heard they had no right to question the teachers in authority, and even though in some cases complaints were heard, no major changes resulted.
The American school system, following in the footsteps of its Nazi predecessor, today completely rejects the authority of parents. As former Nebraska Senator Paul Hoagland stated, “Fundamentalist parents have no right to indoctrinate their children in their beliefs. We are preparing their children for the year 2000 and life in a global one world society and those children will not fit in.” In many states, parents who dare deny the right of government to educate their children are arrested, their children taken to foster homes and enrolled in public schools.
From the beginning of time, God gave control of the child unconditionally to the parent. Yet the public school denies this right, claiming children are wards of the states, and that parents have no control over what a child is taught in public school. When reports of immorality surface in American schools, or material is made available to children that is immoral, all attempts by parents to block it are thwarted by the teachers and national education system. The belief of the modem public school system was openly stated in 1864 by John Swett, California Superintendent of Education: “The vulgar impression that parents have a legal right to dictate to the teacher is entirely erroneous.”
Strangely and ironically, the tenets and beliefs of the Nazi education system are repeating themselves in our modem school system. In part two of this treatise, I will conclude the similarities between these two systems - and look at where they are ultimately headed.	□
“The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.”
- President Jefferson Davis
Bankster Security Act
(Continued from page S) essence this SS# has become the de facto ID# for all unwitting American subjects of the British Crown, who are considered “human resource asset/feudal serfs” belonging to the banksters due to the bankruptcy of the U.S. Government Now you know the dirty little secret behind the SS#. The question is, what arc you going to do about it? You have two choices: One is to remain such a voluntary subject a servant of men, not being a free American; and the other is to quit SS and keep all you earn, investing in your own liberty, freedom and retirement actually becoming a free American and in so doing helping save this country from descent into the banksters' one-world socialist scheme. Does making this latter choice frighten you? Fear not You are not alone. Several thousands of freedom-loving Americans in all fifty states have already blazed the trail for you to follow. We have a Fellowship, and we stand together, helping each other educate ourselves in the law, asserting our rights under the law (see Matthew 6:24-34, I Corinthians 7:23 and Galatians 5:1). You may learn more by visiting my web site at www.taxfreedoml01.com or contact me directly 573-468-3283, fax 573-468-7042, email dgbaugh@fidnet.com.
— Trends and fashions —
Brainwashing in
by Dr. William L. Pierce
How much more pleasant and progressive a world this would be if all of us were rational creatures - and honest too! Honesty is important. But the fact is that most of us think with our emotions instead of with our reasoning faculty. We will believe the most absurd things, if we have some emotional compulsion to do so. And even when our emotions don't have us entirely convinced, we’ll pretend that they do, if there is a compelling reason. We’ll be dishonest in telling other people what we believe.
For example, the opinions of many of us on the subject of race are determined not by observation and reason, but by fear of being unfashionable, and by other emotions besides fear in many cases. And even those of us who do not have fashionable ideas on race - even those of us whose ideas have been shaped by observation and reason -often are not honest in expressing our ideas to others. We still fear being thought unfashionable by others, and so we lie about what we believe.
I spoke a few weeks ago about the ways in which the controlled media have used our lack of reason and our lack ofhonesty or lack of courage to manipulate our attitudes on racial matters, and to manipulate governmental policies on race as well. By presenting us with certain images which have an emotional impact, and repeatedly associating those images with certain ideas, the men who control the news and entertainment media establish conditioned reflexes in the public. In other words, they brainwash us. They make us think the way they want us to think, not by showing us evidence and reasoning with us, but by understanding how to push the right emotional buttons on us.
In my last talk with you I gave the example of the way in which the controlled media manipulated public opinion during the time of ail the civil disorders connected with the effort to force racial mixing between Whites and Blacks -the so-called civil rights revolution of the 1950s and 60s. Our television screens showed us scenes calculated by the media controllers to make us sympathize with Black civil rights demonstrators and to make us embarrassed by the Whites who opposed them. They showed us White Klansmen pulling Blacks off buses and beating them with baseball bats. They showed us White policemen siccing their dogs on Black marchers in Alabama. Not typical scenes, certainly, but scenes carefully selected for their emotional impact Of course, they could have chosen images which would have had exactly the opposite effect Instead of showing us Black demonstrators being beaten by angry Whites, they could have shown us interviews with the White victims of Black crime — or with the relatives of White victims. They could have shown us residential neighborhoods which used to be White and decent before the government brought Blacks in, and which then became filthy and crime-ridden afterward. They could have interviewed some of the elderly White people trapped in these neighborhoods because they couldn’t afford to move, and let these people tell us on the air how their lives had been turned into a living hell. Instead of showing us polite, neatly dressed Black children being escorted into a newly integrated White school by Federal marshals while White students jeered and cursed them, they could have shown us examples of the decay and degradation which inevitably followed the racial integration of the schools: the graffiti on the walls, the gang fights, the disorder in the classrooms. They could have hardened our will to oppose the destruction of our schools and neighborhoods, made us feel that it was our duty, instead of making us feel guilty for opposing racial milting
But the controlled media have their agenda, their goal, and that goal is always to break down the structure of our society.
America
to lower our standards, to destroy our morale, to undermine our solidarity, to corrupt and confuse us. We always can predict the side the controlled media will be on in any social or economic or cultural or racial dispute. It always will be the side which weakens us as a people.
Another example of this process of brainwashing by the media has been their treatment of the campaign to make homosexuality acceptable to the average person.
I don’t know whether or not you’ve ever actually been physically present at a public demonstration by homosexuals, but let me tell you, they're pretty disgusting. Among homosexuals there seems to be an unusually high percentage of exhibitionists, of in-your-face types who like to show their contempt for normal people by shocking them. But when these homosexual demonstrations are televised, the viewers don’t see the worst of this disgusting behavior. It’s covered up by the media, who try to make these sick creatures seem almost normal to us.
1 was living in the Washington, DC, area during the latter part of the Vietnam war. 1 went downtown to observe several of the big demonstrations first hand. The media always called them peace demonstrations.
1 was more naive at that time than I am now, and 1 was absolutely flabbergasted when 1 compared the news coverage of a demonstration with what I had actually seen with my own eyes just a few hours earlier.
These demonstrations always had a big contingent of communists in the lead, with other communist groups scattered among the rest of the marchers. The Communist Party USA was there with its big red banners and its pictures of Marx and Lenin. The Trotskyites were there with their banners. The Young People’s Socialist League, the Progressive Labor Party, the Revolutionary Communist Party, and all the rest. They all carried Viet Cong flags as well as their own banners. Most of them were bused in from New York, and there was a high percentage of really greasy-looking Jews among them, Marx and Trotsky-type Jews.
The great majority of the demonstrators weren’t card-carrying members of any of these communist groups. They were just liberals and leftists of various stripes, many of diem students like Bill Clinton at the time, who were there because it was the fashionable thing to do. But these Bill Clinton types were marching arm in arm with genuine Reds who were carrying Viet Cong flags. This was at a time when the Viet Cong were killing an average of 100 American soldiers every day.
Anyway, when I saw the television news coverage of the demonstration that evening and saw the pictures in the Washington Post the next morning, I looked in vain for any of the communist banners which had been so evident when I was there. The people in the controlled media had deliberately sanitized their coverage of the demonstration. They had cropped their pictures so that the communist banners and placards didn’t show. They had turned their cameras on normal-looking demonstrators and on the less-inflammatory placards: the ones that merely called for an end to the war instead of the ones which called for a Viet Cong victory.
The cameras sought out young women marchers carrying children in their arms and focused on them. Or if someone was pushing a baby carriage, she was sure to be seen in the television coverage. When the demonstrators began to chant. Ho, ho, ho Chi Minh, the Viet Cong's gonna win, the audio background would be blanked so television viewers wouldn't hear it, and the commentator would begin speaking.
The controlled media had made these demonstrations look respectable. They had made it look like the people opposed to an American victory were normal, decent folks like you and me, who merely wanted peace, just as they had made it look like the
people opposed to forced racial mixing were hooligans.
You see, the people who control television are able to control our society, because they understand how to use this powerful weapon effectively. They understand how to manipulate the attitudes and opinions of the public with it They don’t try to tell us, of course, exactly how we must vote in each election. They just determine which ideas and policies to make fashionable, and which ideas and policies to make unfashionable. Once the media have done that, the politicians - both Democrats and Republicans - pretty well fall into line. The media masters are willing to let us decide whether we want Bill Clinton or George Bush in the White House, because they know that neither one of these politicians will dare to be unfashionable on the really important issues.
This ability to dictate what will be fashionable and what will be unfashionable by playing on the emotions of the public is the greatest power wielded in the world today. It is an absolute disaster for us that this power is in the hands of Jews rather than our own people. But that's the way things are at the moment. We have to understand that. And we have to fight it. We have to try to take that power away from those who wield it now and return it to our own people. There are several ways in which we can fight, and we'll talk about them.
I’ll tell you one way, though, that we can’t fight. We can’t fight by trying to make the great majority of our people think with their heads instead of their emotions. We can’t fight by trying to get people to substitute reason for fear and guilt and the other emotions on which the media masters play so skillfully. People are constituted the way they are, and we have to accept it. We can’t change that. Most people always will be subject to manipulation by whoever has the power to set fashions. What we have to do is take that power away from those who have it now. One thing that we can do, even though it’s very difficult, is try to give more people the courage to be honest. I was a physics professor at a university back during the 1960s, when the so-called civil rights turmoil was very much in the news. Blacks were demanding this and demanding that, and they were rioting and marching and burning things and generally raising hell. Well, I observed all of these things, and I thought about them, and I talked with my colleagues at the university about them.
My colleagues could be divided into three groups, based on their responses to my expression of concern about what was happening.
First, there were the trendies, the liberals, the ones who held a moistened forefinger up to the breeze of propaganda coming from their television receivers and adjusted their opinions accordingly. One could argue with them, but there really was no point in it. They were absolutely determined to believe whatever was fashionable, and they weren’t going to let facts or reason get in their way.
Second, there were the Jews, who are a lot more numerous on university campuses than they are in the general population. One didn’t need to argue with them either. They were all up to their necks in various civil rights activities: organizing committees to hire more non-White faculty members or recruit more non-White students, demanding that the university's trustees get rid of all their investments in South Africa, and so on.
Finally, there were colleagues who were open-minded enough so that I could talk with them about what was going on. They weren’t taken in by the TV propaganda, and they formed their own opinions about things. With very few exceptions, however, they were not willing to express their views publicly. They let themselves be intimidated by the Jews and the trendies. Many of them behaved in a dishonest way, telling me one thing in private and acting in
public as if they agreed with the current TV fashion. They were, I believe, unduly timid, unduly afraid of the consequences of opposing the Jews and the trendies.
It is true, of course, that there was a certain amount of physical intimidation: tire slashing, disruptions in class, the threat of violence, which the advocates of Political Correctness have never hesitated to use. But I believe that if those who opposed the politicizing and corruption of our universities had been bolder and stood together, the way their opponents did, they could have prevailed in many cases. In many of our universities they could have preserved the atmosphere of academic freedom and the academic standards which used to prevail.
Actually the situation was a bit more complex than I have indicated. The government and the media both were leaning on the universities to lower their standards. It would have been necessary to defy the government as well as the Jews and the trendies. Eventually it would have been necessary to weed out the Jews and reestablish the bans on hiring Jewish faculty members which our universities used to have in order to protect themselves from subversion. This would have entailed a real fight, a major disruption at every university: the sort of disruptions which actually occurred on many campuses during the 1960s and 70s, when Blacks and Jews really turned things upside down and established the tyranny of Political Correctness which still rules. Even then the professors who disagreed with what was happening failed to speak out effectively against it or display any sort of solidarity. The consequence of this failure . . . well, we all know what the consequence was. It was the destruction of our universities. Worse, it was their conversion to enemy assets. We can still go to an American university for a technical education to learn engineering or chemistry or mathematics, but we certainly can no kmger acquire there what used to be called a liberal education. We certainly can no longer acquire there the knowledge and feeling for our civilization which in the past prepared us to be defenders and builders of that civilization.
What remains of our universities is really pitiful to behold, really disgusting. The people in charge present the worst possible example to the young people there. They are lickspittles and hypocrites, liars and wimps, without the slightest trace of manliness, honor, or self-respect They teach doctrines which are fashionable, but which they know are false. They grovel at the feet of the Jews and other minorities in order to keep their jobs.
Just last month the president of Rutgers University, which used to be a fine institution, was desperately trying to hold his job after he made a slip and actually said something which everyone knows is true, but which it is Politically Incorrect to mention. In an address to faculty members he pointed out that Blacks simply don’t have the genetic quality to meet the standards set for White students. Well, of course, one of the monitors of Political Correctness recorded his comments and gave the recording to the controlled media, which immediately began howling for his blood.
Instead of defending what he had said and backing it up with evidence, the president began groveling and apologizing. He whined and begged. He said he really hadn’t meant what he said - that it had just slipped out, and it was exactly the opposite of what he really believed. Probably many of you saw the news stories. Truly pathetic!
To have saved our universities from what they have become today would have been worth any sort of disruption, any sort of temporary unpleasantness.
The point is that just a little honesty, a little courage, at the right time could have prevented a great tragedy.
Do you think that I’m being naive in asking for honesty, when so little is evident in our national life?
— www.natvan.com
May 2002 The First Freedom 11
LOST GOVERNMENT We had a very good memorial service at Confederate Rest Cemetery, Point Clear, yesterday. A copy of the program is enclosed. I am not easily shook up but, when the roll was called, a figure with long black flowing dress and long black scarf covering her head and most of her face appeared in the shadows of the trees that surround the mass graves and stood among the graves. I thought of the many of our ancestors who gave their lives for our freedom which has since been squandered by our present government. I could not hold back the tears. Deo vindice!
ASK FOR GUIDANCE
If God’s creation, mankind, has not figured it out by now that we’ve all fallen off the turnip truck: 9-11 was a warning as well as what's happening daily throughout His creation, the world. Mankind. He’s giving us another chance to do it His way. Ask and pray for guidance, understanding and forgiveness. The alternative is to go to hell in a handbasket.	BOB HULL
Stockton
DUBYA
I think you got the wrong word. With all due respect, Oeoige Bush is a carpetbagger, he comes from outside. A scalawag is a native sell-out, a Quisling. Keep up the good work. Deo vindice.
STEPHEN WOODFIN BAUER Montgomery
A very fine article. Another point: Soon after Bush was inaugurated in January of 2001, he went to Europe, by coincidence winding up in Sweden just as the top secret Bilderberg gathering was breaking up, to assure those bigwigs he would meet their schedule for a Union of the Americas as twin to the European Union by 2005. That fits the “iul" schedule, which also has a target date for an Asian Union by 2010. Then the pieces are all in place for the New World Order, global government, however you wish to call h. What it means is that the U.S. Constitution will then be a worthless piece of paper. In order to get the countries of North and South America to agree to the American Union, he must kiss it up with their leaders; which, to Mexico means allowing the illegal immigrants to remain here in the U.S. And dial is the reason for his supporting this outrageous blanket naturalization of Mexicans. Bilderberg got Bush elected, and would’ve had their man were it Gore instead. They put Clinton in office. There’s no question they control the press and TV news in this country, which is where huge amounts of money originate for our political candidates. The Mellons, Rothschilds, Oppenheimers, Rockefellers, etc., want control of the world’s economy, and are about to get the job done.
THOMAS SMITH Fairhope
Since when has it been the President's right to declare war on a foreign country, when we have not been attacked? Is this not the authority of Congress?
CITIZEN TOM HESS Daphne
Utto14.
but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief
and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page I.)
Just what is it that you propose when you speak of political independence? Are you and Dr. Hill calling for the Deep South to form a new country or arc you calling for political activity that limits the federal government and strengthens the sovereignty of the Stale? I am very interested in hearing more of your thinking. I too am very concerned that my children will not live under the same kind of republic in which my husband and I grew up.
ANITA CRAINE Foley
{Representative delegates listen to the people, not those flunkies in a harem I call the mediae racy, who, pretty much like concubines, dance or recline as their owners and masters direct. We’re for self-government, to which end my time and resources are aimed in printing an alternate newspaper. We need a similar voice in every Alabama town. A new and separate republic? How do I know what the people will opt for, to replace what’s been imposed on them by those media whores? Once our citizens are informed, let them decide, via trmfy representative proxies, how we shall overcome today’s chaos and whither we’re bonnd. As onr immediate goal, let’s expel nine-teaths of that state legislature and the current figurehead governor. -Ed.]
TEXASSALUTES Thank you for such a great job! What I have enclosed is not much, but at the time it is all I can give. Long live “Dixie.”
DARLENE JACKSON HOFER Waskom. TX
CON-CONS Jack Venable definitely gets our votes for Scalawag of the Month. He and his carpetbag buddy who heads the Alabama Historical Commission should both move in
with Senator John McCain and leave Alabama as it is, a wonderful Southern state dedicated to preserving our first and second amendments.
GERALD AND MILDRED LEE Noithport
HISTORY
What proof have you of [Mobile Mayor Dow’s proclamation]? We haven’t been able to get the mayor to admit anything about April - but we do have Councilman Richardson’s words in the Mobile Register where, when asked what he intended to say at the luncheon, he said that he was going to tell “them” to put this Confederate stuff up and come and rejoin the United States of America.	DAVE McCOMBS
Daphne
[His nibs came, saw and proclaimed. Thanks, Mr. Mayor. Mr. Richardson, too, was for “black and white history months going hand in hand, everything directed toward the future. Forget about the past.” At that moment, Harry Teafbrd called the gathering crowd to be seated, so I couldn’t pursue the councilman’s “history of the future.” —Ed.]
SILVERHILL OR GOLDBERG?
At the Strawberry Festival, asked where he stood on Silverhill’s annexation plans [to increase the town’s size by a factor of ten], Baldwin County Commissioner Joe Faust said he would back all efforts to help Mayor Green get it done. But at both “public meetings” it was overwhelmingly stated and restated that annexation was not welcome. There are 65 pages of rules and regulations in Silverhill city ordinances, all for the sole purpose of generating money in the form of fines, court costs, etc. Rep. Walter Penry was present and he heard the voice of the people! However, the council didn’t bother to hear objections. Telling people that wells would still be permitted.
UA staff spurns First Amendment
TUSCALOOSA - The Faculty Senate of the University of Alabama has threatened the rights of free speech and petitioning government by investigating the intellectual and civic activities of the Alabama Scholars Association (ASA), a private group of faculty with no official ties to UA. By this action, the Faculty Senate has engaged in what Harvey A. Silverglate, Esq., has termed “a conspiracy to intimidate others into relinquishing the exercise of their constitutional rights."
In early 2002, members of the ASA, a state affiliate of the 4,300-member National Association of Scholars, called attention to a proposed series of “diversity training” seminars in UA’s College of Engineering. After determining that Dean Timothy J. Greene intended to make the training seminars both partisan and mandatory for all faculty and staff, they saw this as a pilot program for similar “training” of students. On February 15,2002, the ASA called on Alabama state legislators and many others: “As a citizen of Alabama, you have a right to know how your tax dollars are spent If you do not want them spent to promote racial division, political indoctrination and the abuse of children, then we ask that you stand up and be counted."
In response, several state legislators contacted UA President Andrew A. Sorensen to inquire about these “diversity” workshops. In a letter to Alabama State Senator Larry Dixon dated February 27. 2002, Mr. Sorensen promised that the “seminars for faculty and staff” would be “non-mandatory.” The following day, in a signed memorandum to the members of the ASA executive committee. President Sorensen assured the ASA that the seminar “is not mandatory for anyone.”
On March 22, Professor of Law Wythe W. Holt, Jr. and Professor of Education Jerry L. Rosiek, in their official capacity as co-chairs of the Faculty Life Committee, informed David T. Beito, professor of history and a member of the ASA, that the
Faculty Senate was investigating both the ASA’s communication to members of the faculty informing them that the seminars were not mandatory and the charge that the ASA had “interacted with members of the Legislature to attempt to lessen the legislative appropriation which the University receives.” In fact, although the members of the ASA have every right to communicate with their elected officials on the funding of inappropriate activities, they merely had called the government's attention to the abuses that they observed. In short, the Faculty Senate was investigating both the exercise of protected free speech and the exercise of the protected right to petition the government for redress of grievances.
The ASA first criticized the College of Engineering's plans for “diversity training” in early 2002 when it learned of a series of proposed “diversity” workshops that were to feature “Blue Eyed,” a video by the notorious “diversity trainer” Jane Elliott. Elliott teaches - among other things - that all whites are racists and that all blacks are their helpless victims.
In spite of Mr. Sorensen's promise that the “seminars for faculty and staff” would be “non-mandatory.” on March.13,2002 a supervisor in the College of Engineering announced by official email a new series of diversity workshops for staff, led by the dean himself: “It is mandatory that everyone be there.” These mandatory workshops began on March 20.
Efforts to save liberty at the University of Alabama and elsewhere are continuing.
THE PLAYERS:
Harvey A. Silverglate, 617-523-5933 Alan Charles Kots, 215-717-3473 Andrew Sorensen, Pres., 205-348-5103 Wythe W. Holt, Jr., 205-348-1123 Jerry L. Rosiek, 205-348-7598 David T. Beito, 205-348-1870 Charles W. Nuckolls, 205-348-8202 At the University of Alabama, it is now potentially punishable to inform the public and government of abuses. □
be neglected to mention that according to city ordinances hook-ups to nearby lines is mandatory; and, yes, Virginia, there is a cost! Our dear Councilman Steve Brooks admitted that he was willing to whore us out to the federal government for federal grant money (read: full-time jobs for the mayor and council along with full-time pay). As it stands, the town of Silverhill's median income is too high for those dollars.
DARLENE DOUGLAS Silverhill
Obviously they are totally out of touch with reality, not to realize that the majority has spoken and prefers to live in the country, not the city of their self-centered dreams and control. Mayor Green and council, hear this clearly: Leave us alone! If you want to live in the city, may I suggest Detroit? Remember, a vote for Faust is a vote for another loss of freedoms!
ROGER RUTHERFORD Silverhill
WAS THIS A HATE CRIME?
If it had been my vehicle in Gulf Shores, there would have been six coloreds with a severe case of lead poisoning, and mote to follow after reloading! God, Guns and Guts: Keep all three!
STEPHEN WOODFIN BAUER Montgomery
”... this won’t stop displays of the battle flag. Contrariwise. That young man did die right thing, surrounded by hostile black thugs seething with racial hatred, in pulling off his shirt; stupidity wins nothing. But, like SC’s removal of the flag from their capitol dome, complying with Made rage’s immediate demands is never quite enough; they cracked his skull anyway, put him in the hospital lucky to be alive. SC’s legislature on the other hand can take credit for tins emboldenment of NON-law-abiding “citizens” whom the cowardly judges, legislators and police dare not call ‘racists’...”
And a big AMEN from Pickens County. SC, betrayed by its legislators! We worked really hard around here to keep our flag flying, but, as in so many like situations, the fix was in, bought and paid for, no way it could go any other way! It was a real eye opener for me. SI EVEN ALEXANDER PickensCounqr.SC
I live in an upscale area with only eight homes. Recently, a church decided to buy one and now I have a black minister in my area. More recently the neighbor across the street moved (job related) and his home was sold to a black male and a white woman, seldom seen. The point I’m making is the Confederate flag waves proudly from a 30* flagpole on my lawn and I dare anyone to tell me to take it down! I may remove “old glory” from atop the pole and fly the other solo, as that flag represents a government which has become the enemy of all real Americans.
TONY B Trenton NJ
DIXIE, BAD WORD
I must agree, in part, with Ms. Karen Taylor, the ASU law teacher who was recently cited for altering her license plate and went on TV about it She did not alter her tag for deceptive purposes and therefore did not break that section of Alabama law. The Montgomery police officer cited her for the wrong law. The law she broke was the 1951 code which states that a heart and the “Heart of Dixie” are to be on the license plate. If she is a competent instructor, she knows this and will win her case. And, if she is an educated lady she also knows the deception is the reason for covering the word “Dixie.” She’s only grandstanding! JOHN REYNOLDS Montgomery
[Montgomery is the scene of crimes against the constitution. Was she grand-standing on cue from the media, a patsy to take the foil that would make us stop sticking “Heart of Dixie” on top of “stars fell on”? If so, that dog won’t hunt. -Ed.]
— Let there be light —
The ant and the grasshopper
The classic version	know why the ant should be allowed to	be
The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool, and laughs and dances and plays the summer away.
Come winter, the ant is warm and well fed. The grasshopper has no food or shelter so he dies out in the cold.
Modern version - c. 2000
The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he’s a fool, and laughs and dances and plays the summer away.
Come winter, the shivering grasshopper calls a press conference and demands to
Terminal Phase
Total amazement in the late 1980s! With half the world bowed to its inevitability, few had imagined communism's collapse five years prior to the fact. And there’s the crux of it nothing’s for sure. Thai/or damned sure, some will grouse.
Others want everything pat - a visible God, or, at the least an immutable doctrine. They'll have no part of political struggles, theirs is blameless resignation: “My home is in the hereafter, and it's quite secure!"
Yes, true; if hope equates with escape, and faith in that vision never falters, one exits this life expecting eternal jubilation free of care. Though we cannot know how a higher law tracks our smallest thoughts, many will agree nothing can ever be lost, only displaced beyond understanding; and that prayer communicates with the reality whence we came and to which return. In the meantime, no endless bliss, man's lot is mostly a struggle.
Using prayer as a shut-down instead of search engine is no different from doing tranquilizers. The communist - likewise an escapist n was then partly right for calling religion the opium of the masses. No one perceives himself evil; all think themselves just Since good springs from its necessary opposite, don't think divine law incapable ofhaving incarcerated Marxism right at the start if that had been warranted We first deserve a Ronald Reagan, before he shows up to slay the chimera; but quickly forget (as ex-atheists begin challenging, in our stead, its newest reincarnation) that we've incurred a debt of thanksgiving. Let us adore the source of this life wherein we're privileged to pray for guidance.
Self-government begins with oneself. It requires my daily choosing of good over evil. But thati discrimination, whimper those obdurate communists, yesterday's suckers still trying to justify forcing their round peg into a square hole having equal surface. So it is.
Let’s call to witness that mystery which cannot be emblazoned upon some shield against the world. We discriminate when defending our interests, backing Christians rather than atheists even if not rendering unquestioned obeisance to either. First law requires me to shun the visible default, by looking askance at one-foot-in-a-bucket commies whose stumbling teaches the less foolish how to walk upright
And when the last communist ideologue has kicked that bucket, environmentalism will have to suffice as ersatz cult; even if but a subtle evil, at least again seemingly tenured forever until collapsing in some distant age to the amazement of all. What short repose! Opting out isn’t a choice. The battles fought in atheism’s wake are part of an inevitably continuing war.
These “isms," designed with their dupes in mind, are considered expendable by the stridently aggressive elitists pushing them. Such losses only haltingly impede a giant ego grasping nonstop for some higher post from which to manipulate. The media baron was on a roll! and, with each tactical shift, trotted out new horses for all “useful idiot" activists to mount; while ridiculing, straight-faced, the “ineffectiveness" of any
warm and well fed while others are cold and starving. CBS, CNN, NBC and ABC show up to provide pictures of a shivering grasshopper next to video of the ant in his comfortable home with a table filled with food. America and the world are stunned by the sharp contrast How can it be that in a country of such wealth, this poor grasshopper is allowed to suffer so?
Then a representative of the NAGB (National Association of Green Bugs) shows up on Nightline and charges the ant with “green bias," and makes the case that the grasshopper is the victim of 30 million years of greenism. Kermit the Frog appears on Oprah with the grasshopper, and everybody cries when he sings “It’s Not
By Olaf Childress
reactionary moves threatening his ancient longing for the omnipotent aristocracy.
That conspiratorial nucleus would sense its coming reversal first here in the South, where a few internet-connected stalwart citizens were detracting sufficient number of couch potatoes from their television sets to look at themselves, see what the country was mutating into, and understand they’d been had!
Recognizing the moral bankruptcy of a medium having held them so long in thrall (“Public" TV and other similar “cultural" programs no less infected with subliminal messages than their vulgar counterparts), also the sacrifices they had made of timely opportunities for personal fulfillment when staring at vapors and benumbed by rhythmic throbbing for fifty irredeemable hours each week, these self-redeemers saw salvation as a battle. Not merely to defend the people’s interests in a sovereign state: freedom's very definition required arming themselves with facts rather than cliches, ammunition that could put down the media giants while asserting their own agenda for the future.
The cutesy news and stereotype sitcoms having consistently aimed at directing each victim’s every motion and opinion toward Big Brother’s ultimate fixation on absolute obedience, the task for a redemptor was to show his potato not only the quagmire into which the latter was slouched, but a way up and forward. Outflanking the tnediacracy involved getting people onto their feet and motivated, where both mind and intellect discovered paths beyond this nihilism. The detour around PCTV began with a first step: Turn it off.
But the possibility of being that abrupt didn't exist We are all creatures of habit In initially giving up the television drug for just one day out of each week, a recovering couchaholic couldn't be persuaded to shift from passive absorption to active inquiry overnight One acquainted him with that other TV screen, two-way communication, and the expectancy of pursuing youthful dreams, plans brushed aside, forgotten loves, urgent causes, renewed friendships, real books and a thousand opportunities for selfexpttssioD as opposed to sitting there vegetating. All of which suggested, to the reawakening intellect, a less homogenous society than PCTV’s fiction.
Among Southern patriot websites, for instance, a consistent theme was that the public agenda needed to be more closely ratified by taxpayers, thus private matters liberated from state and especially federal controls. Which flew in the face of what a couch potato and his public-school-taught children had been assimilating. Citizens living as haunted, guilt-oppressed social misfits, conditioned thus for having stared far too long into the seductive tube and, one after another, yielding to its oddball mandates; the sheer stupidity of habit; this sitting there taking it all in, redistribution of their wealth by greedy moneychangers, indoctrination by sex perverts; wouldn't be overcome in a single fight, not even with the help of those emerging computer-age search engines.
Easy Being Green."
Bill and Hillary Clinton make a special guest appearance on the CBS Evening News to tell a concerned Dan Rather that they will do everything they can for the grasshopper who has been denied the prosperity he deserves by those who benefitted unfairly during the Reagan summers, or as Bill refers to it, the “Temperatures of the 80's."
Richard Gephardt exclaims in an interview with Peter Jennings that the ant has gotten rich off the back of the grasshopper, and calls for an immediate tax hike on the ant to make him pay his “fair share."
Finally, the EEOC drafts the “Economic Equity and Anti-Greenism Act" Retroactive to the beginning of summer, the ant
was fined for failing to hire a proportionate number of green bugs and, having nothing left to pay his retroactive taxes, his home is confiscated by the government.
The story ends as we see the grasshopper finishing up the last bits of the ant’s food while the government house he’s in, which just happens to be the ant’s old house, crumbles around him since he doesn’t know how to maintain it. The ant has disappeared in the snow. And the image on the TV, which the grasshopper bought by selling most of the ant’s food, is of Bill Clinton standing before a wildly applauding group of compatriots announcing that a new era of “fairness" has dawned in America.
- www.Federalist.com
A day without television
Never in all history having existed a more generous people than his own, each casualty of liberal mind-massage had first to dismiss charges against himself He was not the oppressor of others, supposedly the victims heretofore. In discovering this new medium at hand for overcoming utopian propaganda with truth, our escapee from servitude under the fuzzy-warm PCTV lie would now be activated - to find, process and broadcast such information as needed to preserve freedom, a blessing enjoyed in proportion as the acceptance of designer thought became expunged. There being no way to predict when that information battle would finally be “won" (private citizens detecting and routing all means of home terminal interference), nor how long such a pax scientia might last. Confederate websites often quoted Thomas Jefferson and others having said well: the price of liberty is eternal vigilance. Of this much we may be certain; the Big Lie will neither prevail nor retire, ours an endless war.
The first law is immutable nature. No manmade edict can hold forth against its equilibrium. Given time, every opposing stand merely confirms an order that’s well beyond understanding. Honest humility, always in accord if attended by vigilance, should never leave one feeling “used."
Patriots were in agreement: government mustn't redistribute wealth, opportunities or inheritances, nor “encourage" a tedious sameness among the states. Newcomers to their websites discovered real diversity wasn't this Orwellian version seen on the boob tube marching in lockstep to Utopia. One day without television, surfing instead the net. tended to shock. “Abe Lincoln said -thatr
Welcome to the facts, kids! about your “representatives," the Federal Reserve, the Zionist mediacracy; but know also that in time the proud race prevails, the stronger team, the superior idea and the better art.
After years of “equality" conditioning by those subversive few, the truth was out: a healthy sense of discrimination is natural and proper. Acute perception of what had separated the ruling hegemony from us taxpayers and its client electors indicated a New World orderly’s becoming checked in due course.
Observing such qualities as peculiar to a person, group, race or religion, and of each thing its color, size, shape and texture, then applying one’s judgment to the evidence, is plain, simple logic. After having made the best possible evaluation of himself and others, it followed that the lawful duty of a citizen was to use every insight in realizing his truest interests, even while respecting the rights of all - keeping order certainly being one’s concern. Exemplary qualities in every legitimate rivalry must be praised How insulting, when some social-leveling expert would steal glory from a champion, or throttle the pride of contestants laboring by their very own hopes and election!
PCTV, ever plugging universal equality, the lowest common denominator in steady decline along with its number of literate viewers, didn't notice us reforming couch potatoes switching over to the computer
keyboard. Many such novice truth-seekers celebrating a day without sitcoms began by tapping into an electronic publishing house to see what came up on the monitor screen. Yes, we were looking for - a book!
To inform that awakening curiosity just how far leftward the socialist pendulum had swung, most online heritage sites came through with this advice: Read something, anything, from one of those so-called (by the comatose mediacracy) “dead white male" authors of yesteryear - such classics as had been vilified by an overly sensitive “progressive" attitude. So this growing number of awakening minds, including my own, were motivated to survive without television’s magic for two whole days each week!
Recovery of lost freedom having begun, faintly at least for some few reading those more recently published eye-openers such as Milton and Rose Friedman's Free to Choose, one learned to laugh at the dopier, cutesy news efforts at dismissing the rising tide of opinion contradicting supposedly “finalized" socialist entitlements. Our full mobilization would not be soon realized, however. That one-sided propaganda war had. like a Mongol invasion, conditioned a great many for quiet surrender; resistance being teased in film reviews with taunts, viz: “Just when you thought it was safe to go to the movies again..."
Those “gays" were hoping to enjoy their demise! Prospects for convincing others lay in the complete triteness of such PCTV programs, the “multicultural" banality of the medium. It remained to be seen bow-many would prove unreachable- creatures of habit, mere lemmings rushing to the sea.
The optimists felt they could, in time, bring sufficient number around with links to factually pertinent online information, enabling their discovery of unbiased news sources. Deprogramming them completely called for diverting such real victims from trash television three whole days a week.
Hopefully, you’re getting my drift A friend gives an abstaining smoker his toothpick to chew, a mint which satisfies, anything that works. This couchaholic, by comparison, recovering from a far more noxious inclination, requires an objective beyond diversion. Well, the few defenders of constitutional and states rights may be rednecks, rebels and characters who couldn't care less what you call us if it’s in time for supper, but we've got what he lacks: a cause, an urgently legitimate one at that
Even Indiana Jones is suddenly of less interest, virtual reality having made way for the thing itself. Naturally it all comes under a hail of liberal-gunfire accusations, since the media can't get used to so much “progress" being audited by ordinary folk using (egads!) propaganda as a weapon.
With this new information age, sincere camaraderie was developing, online town hall style, among patriots resolved to take down that repulsive political machine and explore stratagems for preventing any near term reemergence of similar deceits. Only this present danger being targeted, the dark side of human nature would remain.