It's here to stay.
Y'all have a nice day!
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.** But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
fhe First
reedom
Self-government begins at home
w «•«.«< puiiiiwloiu lie, die Mate uncs un
what only individuals can chew. It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
March 2003
“If only the Fuhrer knew...”
■BHHlm By Michael Peirce
mpeirce@mindspring.com In 1944 the young German fighters in the panzer divisions knew perfectly well that fighting under the guns of the Allied fleet in Normandy was madness. On the Ost Front they were equally aware that the order to “hold at all costs'* was grinding their elite units into dust and robbing them of their unquestioned advantage, tactical flexibility. However, their faith in Adolf Hitler remained undiminished. They blamed these suicidal orders on the high command, on the regular army generals, and repeated this slogan to each other: “If only the Fuhrer knew...**
American conservatives are much like that. They are quite aware that the United States government is working actively against the best interests of the people of this country. The failure to defend our borders, the draconian and unconstitutional assault on our God-given right of self defense, the mass murders of the unborn, the transformation of the public school system into left-wing indoctrination centers, conservatives are aware of these things. But there exists this huge disconnect — constantly one hears the same mantra, “Don't worry, the adults are in charge
see that it wasn't liberals who recently announced a plan to send fifteen billion extorted dollars to Africa ostensibly to fight the AIDS epidemic that is depopulating a continent. It wasn't the liberals who declared, “Islam is a religion of peace," ignoring history and common sense. It wasn't the liberals who tried to sneak through a general amnesty for illegal aliens and who failed to take any action whatsoever to protect the unborn or the Second Amendment. And it is certainly not Al Gore who has dreamed up this horrific plan of attack against a third-rate country in the Middle East, claiming that we will not forget 9-11, an action in which Iraq had no part
As Josef Goebels and Adolf Hitler were well aware, a big lie works best. I'm astounded when “conservatives’* call me a wimp and a communist because 1 refuse to face up to the imagined threat posed by Sadaam Hussein. Well, guys, it wasn't Sadaam Hussein who used tanks to kill Americans in Waco! You can take this to the bank: I’m against their wars of aggression, their war on some drugs, and their attack on our right to own weapons. How this is unAmerican eludes me. I've got George Washington and all the founders on my side, none of whom were wimps or communists!
Of course I’m often reminded that this business of a constitutional republic was decided on the battlefield, in the “late unpleasantness** as they daintily refer to the destruction of the South by government mercenaries. Then why do we pretend to honor the history of this very same constitutional republic?
Answer: we do not. These conservatives who cheer lustily whenever Sedor Bush shows his face must not be aware that he cooked up a deal with Ted Kennedy to radically increase the budget of the Department of Education, which determines what will be taught in the public schools. Hint: They won’t be talking much about George Washington; you can count on that. Francis Marion. Nathaniel Green, Light Horse
Harry Lee, and those pesky French are given short shrift in school these days. Just dead white males. Let's Roll, eh?
It makes me physically ill when I hear a “conservative" crack jokes about drug pushers being sent to jail, where they will encounter homosexual rape and other horrors which make our prisons so disgustingly bad that we owe an apology to the Inquisition. Yet these same folks deplore the Nazis who, after all, were only acting against “Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, political undesirables and other anti-social elements." They had it coming, right? Rule of law? Naw, too complicated to fit a slogan. Constitution? So what? To paraphrase Hitler, that is nothing but “...a scrap of paper."
And the Fuhrer knows all about that...
You can always tell when you are getting close to what soldiers call the “op area." There is a stink of putrefaction, burnt powder and charred vegetation. It is the stink of war.
It's probably my imagination but I seem to smell that dreadful stench again - like a hint of the devil's own cologne, as the war madness spreads and the propaganda machine goes into overdriye. Even among those who support this coming war, I hear the same fears that I'm expressing. That this is going to be more than we bargained for- that we arc on the brink of 1914 again.
Remember Clinton’s crazed assault on Serbian Christians, with all the poorly constructed atrocity talcs devised to whip us into a murderous frenzy in support of his drug-running Al Queda buddies in Kosovo? As many of us predicted, it has led to the ethnic cleansing of the Serbs from that area, the burning or destruction of some four thousand Christian churches and a major step forward in realizing the goal of a “greater Albania," however oxymoronic that may sound to civilized folks.
“If only the Ftthrer knew?” Well, last I looked, Seftor Bush has failed to pull so much as one soldier out of the Balkans since he took office two years ago. This despite his public performances, where he routinely talks of tracking down Al Queda and wiping them out. He certainly would not have to look far if that really were his purpose. They are right there in Kosovo, laughing at us.
It was hard to miss the sounds of silence emanating from the caring and nurturing antiwar alliances of the left — those who claim to simply want an "...end to war and racism," because in their opinion no war ever solves anything. Unless, one assumes, that war is directed against Christians or former allies of the United States. I wonder why they can't make up their minds about this latest foray into madness? After all, there are Christians in Baghdad - we can at least kill them...
The process of deconstruction usually proceeds at a faster pace when the Marxists control the “smart bombs.” Or so I thought 1 should have known, from then-candidate Bush’s reticence on the issue, that he was unlikely to take a principled stand on wars of aggression. Events have proven that Bush's thirst for blood not only exceeds Billy Jeff’s, but there is that added down side that he is more focused - no Monica to distract ole Dubya while he yaks on the phone with his generals.
Isn’t it interesting, that both these two groups work so well together? The Left might be said to include the Pemocratic Party, the teachers' unions, big media, the Socialist Workers* Party and all the various front groups behind which they hide. You
THE EMPIRE’S FOREIGN POLICY AND DOMESTIC MISMANAGEMENT HAS LED TO ANOTHER FINE MESS THAT AFFECTS ALL OF US...AGAIN!
can identify them easily: they want more laws, higher taxes, a ban on private gun ownership (big one for them) and they blather constantly about the wonders of murdering unborn children, and openly endorse sexual depravity. They scorn the religion of Christ. How this differs from communism eludes me.
How this differs from (he Republicans is the real question. Let's see how that works.
The vanguard of the Republican Party these days are for tax cuts, yet want greatly increased government spending. Don't worry about where the bucks are coming from, tough guy; we'll just print it up! They claim to believe in smaller government but endorse monstrosities like Homeland Security* and the Education
Deportment. 1'hcy arc for gun rtgtHrm. (Sec “not defending America.” page 7)
My obsession with Jews
By Joe Sobran
Now and then 1 get letters and email messages asking why I am so “obsessed" with Jews and Israel. The question amuses me. It would be one thing if I often wrote about Mali, or Honduras, or Borneo, or any other nation or country most people remember only as a name from geography class.
I should think it's obvious that I'm responding to an obsession - an obsession of contemporary culture, politics, the media, the arts. We have been getting 24/7 coverage of Jews, the Holocaust, and Israel for years now. The front pages, the evening news, the magazine covers devote so much attention to Israel - a country the size of New Jersey on the other side of the world -that you could get the impression that it spans several time zones and includes much of the world's population (plus a few gentiles). Many columnists write about it more often than 1 do: Charles Krauthammer, William Satire, Cal Thomas, Paul Greenberg, Mona Charen, and George Will, to name a few. Of course they write uncritically about Israel, so they aren't considered obsessed; Eric Altcrman of The Nation has compiled a list of more than 60 well-known pundits who “reflexively" support Israel, while finding only six who are frequently critical.
Every American president has to spend a disproportionate amount of his time coddling Israel and denouncing or actively fighting Israel's enemies. It's become part of the job description, as much as if it were written into the Constitution - or more so, since constitutional obligations have become optional and this obligation is definitely not. At the same time, no president or any other politician may suggest that the Amcrican-lsraeli alliance imposes undue risks, costs, or burdens on the United States.
Journalism still devotes so much
attention to the Holocaust that, as I once quipped, “The New York Times should be renamed Holocaust Update." Books and movies about it continue to pour forth; bookstores have whole sections on the Holocaust, and universities consecrate entire departments to “Holocaust studies." Holocaust memorials spring up everywhere. Elie Wiesel preaches that we should be obsessed with the Holocaust, as he is. Churches, accused of silent complicity in, and even ultimate responsibility for. the Holocaust, do their best to repent and atone.
Current Jewish sufferings are treated as specially tragic facts, extensions of the Holocaust itself. When Arab terrorists seized an Italian ship, the Achillc Lauro, and threw a Jewish passenger overboard, a leading American composer. John Adams, wrote an entire opera. The Death of Klinghoffer, about the incident.
“Anti-Semitism" has become the chief of sins. It's seldom helpfully defined, but it seems to take a thousand forms, from (See “The Orthodox Jew," page 9)
Got that ugly, peccee. scalawag-designed 'stars fell on" car tag? Here s the solution:________________
[ y HEART OF PIXIE]
IT LOOKS BETTER There’s no question ITS EASY- Goes right over the "stars fell on"
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL - As verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED -
-I don't think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag in the state of Alabama. I can say It to all these little Confederate people that are around hare, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I'm In the state legislature. I'm going to do everything known to human ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag " • Rep. Alvin Holmes. February 2002 in a WSFA-TV interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution costs) to:
STICKER	jf ii-t'Y*- >a—r—
P.0. Box 681343
Prattville. AL 36068 fcr *■•*■•* **■*(*«*
HERE’S WHAT WAS IGNORED OR M1SREPORTED ELSEWHERE
Perle should take two aspirins and go to bed
OUR “BEST ALLY”?? Richard Perle
THE FINAL CURTAIN may not be
— A different slant on the news —
ranks uppermost among Dubya's Israeli advisors. As a former assistant secretary of defense in the Reagan administration and now chairman of the Pentagon's Policy Advisory Board, he condemns French and German policy on Iraq in the strongest terms. On Feb. 4,2003 at a public seminar organized by a New York-based PR firm attended by Iraqi exiles and American Middle East and security officials, noting German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's refusal to support military action against Iraq, Perle called that “an aberration by a discredited chancellor,*' and warned that France’s attitude was yet more serious. “France is no longer the ally it once was.” With enemies like Perle, we need friends.
ROME CRUMBLED and Byzantium assumed that empire without a fight. Spain inherited the Aztec nation almost as easily, and now Mexico is bidding for the ruins Dubya seems intent on leaving behind. President Vicente Fox is selling his Matricula consular cards for $25 a pop, good for five years. All a Mexican national needs is a birth certificate and a photo ID issued either in the U.S. or Mexico, and he or she can use that card to obtain social services In the United States, open bank or utility accounts and obtain building permits. Rome's legions were off chasing Pompci or somebody in Persia or somewhere when a funny thing happened back at their own forum.
PERMISSION TO PRAY. On February 7,2003 the U.S. Department of Education issued its “Guidelines on Constitutionally Protected Prayer" for public schools. Only problem is, the fedguv lacks constitutional authority to speak on religion or education. Jimboy Carter’s newly created department of usurpation notwithstanding, many pray •Jmtiy for Uehvcmnce from such protectory. The guidelines supposedly return student and teacher rights commandeered earlier by this same fedguv - including organized prayer groups, religious clubs; the ability to hand out religious leaflets, and prayer at events and graduation. The guidelines also state that students may.express their beliefs about religion in homework, artwork and* other written and oral expressions. Students “may" also meet with teachers for prayer. But parents in Pensacola are asking neither big brother:'s permission to pray nor to read Huck Finn (see March's scalawag, page 3).
PERMISSION TO HOMESCHOOL. Then there's Dubya's ffedguv program, “No Child Left Behind." As with Slick's 1994 “Goals 2000,“ it is important to distinguish between what the tyrants in charge of these characters get directly and what they accomplish indirectly. For example. Goals 2000 said repeatedly that the program was “optional.** Why, then, would all 50 states participate? Do they think it's good education policy? Not at aJL The fifty states participated because HR6 said they would lose their federal education money if they didn *L
The First Freedom
PO Box 385, Silvcrhill, AL 36576 Email: home frec@fulftd.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Caperton, Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton, Nick Joogebloed. Linda Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided foil credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please diow address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed-_____
long coming if this is a three-act play. The USA Patriot Act opened up with our surrender of rights guaranteed by the constitution in exchange for “security," a 1000-plus page production signed into “law" by “representatives" with no idea what it contained; simply taking the Jewish-controlled media's word. Now “Patriot II" is how civil liberties groups are calling this latest draft of a new bill, the Domestic Security Enhancement Act of 2003. Dated January 9th and leaked to the non-partisan Center for Public Integrity, it was released on Feb. 7. The 120-page proposal further expands the surveillance powers Congress granted federal law enforcement in their USA Patriot Act of 2001, greatly increasing the secrecy surrounding government.
THAT DID IT. The far-right British National Party, which wants to repatriate ethnic minorities to their lands of origin, has won another by-election, giving the BNP now five local seats across Britain, up from zero this time last year. Learning that Taliban fighters - until recently assigned by Osama bin Laden's war on the West to kill British troops in Afghanistan - had been granted asylum in Britain, voters are angry and beginning to get the picture. The turning point came with the murder of a policeman during a raid on a North African Islamic “asylum seeker.'* While in Britain claiming “asylum,’’ they receive a whole range of benefits: housing, full health care (including free plastic surgery) and free immigration lawyers who string claims out for years. And when their pleas prove bogus (as in 90 per cent of the cases) they stay in Britain anyway, because the government finds it too hard to make anyone leave who doesn't want to.
TONY BLAIR IS FINISHED. Feb. 15 saw the largest political demonstration ever in London: two million marchers protesting plans for war in Iraq. And with: Jens of thousands marching in Glasgow and Belfast, moves gathered pace among leading circles in the ruling Labour Party and elsewhere for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to be dumped as soon as that can be arranged. All signs point to the Bush Administration, fully committed to an Iraq war, in the weeks immediately ahead being isolated. The dumping of Blair, the Administration's main ally for that war drive, might well be the one qualitative event which will knock Dubya's war off Aurse.
APPLAUSE! “To spend $36,000 in scarce state money for scaffolding despite the fact that no work has been done is an unconscionable waste of taxpayer money," said newly-elected Alabama Governor Bob Riley on Feb. 5th when hinting at a restart of repairs on the historic capitol grounds Confederate Memorial. According to the Montgomery Advertiser, that amount of state funds has been charged for rented scaffolding since the Siegelman administration halted work last year. “It’s this land of waste and abuse that erodes the public’s confidence in bow their state government is being run,** Riley said. Right on. Guv. However, on the heels of your inaugural day pandering for over one hour inside the MLK temple, then crossing the street to silently denote Robert E. Lee's birthday in a two-minute ceremony, you'll excuse our remaining skeptical. We'll applaud when the work starts.
KILL THE BEAVERS. The Colbert County Commission on Feb. 18 gave County Engineer John Bedford, brother of state Senator “Honest Abe" Roger Bedford, the go-ahead to pay fedguv specialists to come in and wipe out the beaver population. This Is being done across the state, to stop water backups on rights-of-way.
TWO DAYS BEFORE VALENTINE’S Day, about 20 men and women wearing formal clothes gave out 150 Little Debbie cakes on Atlanta streets. The cakes had messages in them promoting same-sex “marriage.’* Homosexual activists want the U.S. to do as Belgium and the Netherlands, and give marriage rights to homosexuals wishing to consecrate the unholy. Europe’s parliament, the legislature of the European Union, voted on Feb. 11 to recognize “gay registered partnerships, civil solidarity pacts and marriages from other countries." Vermont is the only U.S. state granting such “civil unions'* marriage rights, but several do recognize homo cohabitants as parents. Otherwise, same-sex marriage is illegal here. Congress passed the Federal Defense of Marriage Act in 1996 and three dozen states have done the same.
THEY WILL TAKE ACTION. So far, your elected “representatives" have done nothing to stop the illegal alien invasion from Mexico but that's about to change. For Glenn Spencer of Sherman Oaks, California has not only been noticed by the media after organizing and deploying his own private army of vigilantes called the American Border Patrol (ABP), he is the media. Spencer's idea was to light up the border with the internet. ABP has gone to the border and sent live video images across the internet of the actual invasion of the United States — in real time. Americans can now see the ABP track invaders, alert the Border Patrol, and the Border Patrol apprehending the aliens. Having built a system from the ground up, their ATVs have digital video cameras, microwave radio links, mobile satellite uplinkage to an internet server, global positioning systems, the works. Go to www.americanborderpatroLcom and learn how you can be a vigilante, too.
EUROPEAN-AMERICAN UNITY and Rights Organization (EURO) National President David Duke debated a Black attorney from the ACLU on “Affirmative Action’’ in Mandeville, Louisiana Feb. 17. Nearly 300 people, many from the local high school, heard Duke say Affirmative Action is “racial discrimination against better qualified Whites." When his speech planned for Feb. 22 in Richmond, Virginia was invited, Ron Doggett, EURO Virginia President, had three major hotels cancel out following threats from militant Jewish groups and pressure from local rabbis. But the speech, titled “No War for Israel,” went on as scheduled and was a great success. Duke had led a successful “White In” there in 2000, after Black groups threatened to “Black Out” the Chesterfield Town Center Mall to protest Chesterfield County’s celebration of Confederate History Month.
FOREIGN AIDS. We taxpayers get hosed annually to the tune of $16 billion in foreign aid to corrupt Third World bureaucracies and ungrateful allies. But this year and next will set unprecedented levels of it Long-time ally Tbrkey wants $15 billion in exchange for allowing tens of thousands of American troops to be stationed there. Israel asks $12 billion cash and loan guarantees, in addition to the S3 billion it annually receives! Bash Is also poshing for a $13 billion foreign aid slosh fund called the Millennium Challenge Account as weO as $10 billion over five years to fight AIDS in Africa.
- www.citizenslobby.com
MOUTH OF THE SOUTH, the Toronto Globe and Mail called Ted Turner on Feb. 10, when quoting his opinion of a U.S. attack on Baghdad: “We’re trying to get one man, right? And we're going to kill tens of thousands of people to get him. It seems like a pretty inefficient way to do things.** Here in the South, we appreciate Mr. Turner's return from the liberal media swamps of insanity.
OVERLORD IN OVERDRIVE. Last month at a meeting with U.S. Undersecretary of State John Bolton, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reiterated his requirement that Iran, Libya and Syria be overran immediately after Iraq. “These are irresponsible states, which must be disarmed of weapons of mass destruction, and a successful American move in Iraq as a model will make that easier to achieve," Sharon reportedly said to his underlings, the usual visiting delegation of American congressmen. Israel, of course, plans on continuing to gear American taxpayers toward her ever-accelerating arsenal of weapons of mass destruction.
WHAT’S TO DEBATE? Sonny Perdue, promising a flag referendum, was elected Georgia Governor. A Sons of Confederate Veterans meeting in Mableton on Feb. 24. attended by Cobb County's first African-American state legislator, started with a prayer and Pledge of Allegiance - to the real Georgia flag, the post-1956 version that incorporates the Confederate battle emblem. Rep. Alisha Thomas opened by saying she is for Georgia's flag adopted in 2001. Dan Coleman, commander of the chapter, reminded'new\y-elccledThomas the old flag was removed by former Gov. Roy Barnes, a hasty decision without public input. It is designed to honor Confederate soldiers, not offend Black people, he said.
UNITED WE STAND? Government propaganda and public schooling has most Americans believing that none of the states could survive out from under a strong central government To disprove this, consider Norway and Colorado. Each has roughly the same land area,
cF w
same population size, same GDP, and same average annual income. While Colorado is burdened by federal income taxes, Norway has prospered and been voted best nation to live in by the United Nations three years in a row. Are we to believe Colorado could not also prosper on its own simply because someone had a bumper sticker that claimed, “divided we fall"? - Chris VanLandingham
BIG HAWG. “(Alabama State Senator Roger] Bedford, the Democrat from Russellville, walked off with about $3.1 million of the money appropriated for the entire Senate. He represents I/35th of the Senate but he got almost 50 percent of the money. The biggest chunk of the slop that Bedford got was $1.5 million for a new field house, bathrooms and concession stand at the Russellville High School football stadium. And this came, mind you, at a time when there is talk of closing schools and laying off teachers. While Sen. Bedfordshire - I mean Bedford - was wiping drops of slop off his chin, some of his colleagues were squealing, and mind you, these were fellow Democrats.”
- Bob Ingram
4 La tduXio*.
JgL P3 hot, % hotter’n # hottest One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce |H»wl $9 00 + $3.00 shipping Tel. 251-965-6397
Q><n	PO	Box	817
UkJ Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
March 2003 The Flnt Freedom 3
Principal Richard Harper KAWwM
■
or m mOk/w
ON THE 1APT.
By Olaf Childress “The bottom line was: There was one student who felt uncomfortable,** said Principal Richard Harper. “Our feeling was: We’re not here to make kids feel uncomfortable, and if he felt uncomfortable, then it was a problem.*'
Wow! What Mark TWain might have done with a real*life character like you, Richard Harper. According to the Pensacola New Journal, Escambia School District officials made their decision after you discovered the problem, and so now teachers won’t be sharing “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” with students until they’re in the 11th grade. I agree with you: when your Ransom Middle School relayed a single parent’s concern over a seventh-grade class reading the racially charged Mark Twain classic about the
Action alert I
By Ellen Williams
rebelkii@iiuiidspnng.com The following persons were present at the Feb. 5 Alabama Historical Commission meeting in Montgomery: Stephen Bauer, Leonard Wilson, Bonnie Englebert, David Allen, Phil Beverly, Ellen Williams, Connie Foster, Philip Davis, Jane and Lawrence Doughty, Neva and Ben Hestley, and Van Gunter. [This contingent from the Alabama Coalition was there to monitor “your tax dollars at work.” -Ed.]
The Lt Governor was in attendance, and a representative for Speaker Hammett plus another for Governor Riley.
We learned that Lee Warner, president of the Alabama Historical Commission (AHC), plans (or perhaps has pre-filed) basically the same bill he attempted to pass last year with one major difference: he has divided the original and made two bills. We must begin work to kill these bilk. They are simply power grabs by Warner.
Mr. Philip Davis and wife Rosemary are working on a bill for us, and are seeking to secure a copy of Warner’s bill
David Allen, Leonard Wilson and Steve Bauer all asked questions relating to the restoration of the Confederate Monument. Warner still insisted that, even though the AHC minutes indicate the commissioners voted to fund the monument restoration from state funds, its restoration is tied to federal monies, repeating, “A member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, unbeknownst to me, went to the Department of Transportation and made a deal for the Confederate Monument repair to be tied to federal money.” This is the peg that Warner is hanging on and he will not budge. He intends to get us to compromise on the restoration of the Confederate Monument in exchange for not opposing die Capitol Grounds Project / MLK Shrine. This is the position in which we find ourselves!
Warner again promised Ben Hestley a copy of those by-laws of the “side-by-side, not-for-profit” corporation. This entity will handle multiple millions and use them on our state historic sites; and, because such monies will be considered private, Warner contends that the citizens have no input in what he does at those public sites with “his” money.
Jane Doughty asked several probing questions about the AHC audit (or lack thereof), and got the same soft shoe routine.
Warner gave a glowing report of the Selma to Montgomery Trail. For those who are unaware, AHC has purchased seven properties for the Selma Trail and it will feature three welcome centers.
Ellen Williams expressed gratitude for the Focus Group input into the interpretation of Confederate Memorial Park (CMP). The last meeting for CMP Focus Group had been scheduled later in the month. The Save Our Capitol Citizens* Initiative (SOCCI) wanted to have input into the Joe Wheeler Exhibit Summary,
Action alert
teenaged Huck floating down the Mississippi River with the escaping slave Jim, that really was the now-familiar bottom line.
1*11 bet you could get “equally” het up over Tom Sawyer w/rilewashing that fence instead of multicoloring it, couldn't you?
Except for one disgruntled parent and the ever-peecee school boards, you’re all alone this time, Richard Harper. Even the media, having heard from everybody and Huck, are ridiculing your overreaction.
Since when is it the job of a school to be sure students never feel “uncomfortable”? What’s wrong with indoctrinating them into the real world? Today’s school boards would banish “Huck Finn,” yet insist that all kids read “Johnny Has Two Mommies.” What hypocrisy!
Action alertH
The next Quarterly Meeting of the Alabama Historical Commission is at Ft Morgan on May 7,2003. We need more people at these. If interested, please contact Ellen Williams HC63 Box 236 Leroy, AL 36548 or email rebellen@mindspring.com
also. Ellen was assigned that project.
Commissioner Mahan again publicly reprimanded the Confederate Group (though he didn't call us by that name). Basically, he said he didn’t like our using such terms as “we, us, our,” etc. He says we need to work with AHC instead of against.
“Join us,” he said. “There are several vacant positions.”
When several of us spoke up and said, "We have applied," Mahan was taken aback and tried to cover his dismay, but it had shone through.
Connie Foster spoke to Dr. Ed Bridges, commissioner representing the Alabama Department of Archives and History, as he left the meeting. Dr. Bridges told Connie that the sentiments expressed by Mahan did not reflect the commission as a whole. He seemed to resent Mahan’s public talking down to us. I told Dr. Bridges that he should have stayed for the public forum at Valley if he thought today was bad.
The next AHC Quarterly Meeting is to
be at Fort Morgan on May 7. We need more people at these. If you are interested, please contact me and I will get you further info.
EDITOR’S NOTE
Thanks, Ellen. And since you turned the reins over to Alabama Coalition President Ken Hearin and are able to spend more time editing The Alabama Defender, the periodical shows marked improvement. What the world needs now is love, sweet love? No, we’ve had enough of such fake “compassion.” What Alabama needs is Ellen Williams and an army of citizens like her - equally dedicated to preserving our culture and constitutional republic, plus a newspaper in every town that presents the White race’s moral values no less fervently than today's Jewish media favor Blacks, homosexuals, immorality and a conspiracy to suck us into their One World government.
So I join The Alabama Defender in again urging citizens to do as I have done: Write your state representative and senator, tell them to immediately stop this project which aims to level the Alabama Capitol grounds, relocate the statues and monuments there, and make Montgomery into a “civil rights shrine” for the politically berserk. Recently, the more outspoken communists among us have had their way. Today, while heritage redemptors still also enjoy the right to petition government: Use it or lose it.
Two-day seminar gears for action
Attention, church liaisons, liaison zone coordinators, county leaders and all those who would like to make a difference in the state of Alabama:
The event (March 15 and 16) described below is an excellent opportunity for learning how to increase your effectiveness as a grassroots activist.
We would love see you at this event, and several of our staff will be attending as well. Tickets are $99 (paid directly to the Leadership Institute) for both days (9:00-5:00) which includes breakfast and lunch each day.
If you have questions you can call our office at (334) 832-4688 and ask for Jason. Jason Anderson Christian Coalition of Alabama 500 Adams Avenue Suite 18
Montgomery, AL 36104 Dear Conservative Friend,
Dramatically improve your ability to make a difference in your community by organizing the grassroots!
Experts agree: Political technology determines political success.
Political technology gives you the tools to organize and communicate what you need to win in public policy. And, since those opposed to conservative values so effectively teach their activists political technology, they often win battles they’d
otherwise lose.
The Leadership Institute's Grassroots Activist School teaches conservatives political technology - and we're coming to Montgomery Alabama, March 15-16. Attend this powerful two-day school and you’ll be empowered to:
■	Learn political technology that stops those opposed to conservative values in their tracks.
■	Help conservative candidates of your choice win campaigns at all levels.
■	Meet and network with expert faculty and other like-minded people who can help you make a difference in your community.
■	Gain political know-how to help build your personal leadership skills, abilities and confidence.
You'll learn skills you can use the very next day!
Whether you want to ran for office, manage a campaign or just become a more effective and organized volunteer, the down-to-earth principles you'll team at the Grassroots Activist School will help you become a better activist. For additional information, email Tygh Bailes TBailes@LiMail.US or call him at 800-827-5323. Training will be provided by http://www.leadershipinstitute.org
This alert is provided by the Christian Coalition of Alabama (http://www.ccbama.org)'
Action
We’re down to the second of Governor Riley’s two public forums called for the purpose of getting feedback from the citizens. From each citizen, according to his announcements. Reliable sources say we’ll have five minutes to speak. We do not wish Alabama’s Constitution “streamlined” by committee. This is a duty, folks. It’s at 10:00 am on March 7 at the Downtown Birmingham Library.
That committee, while bypassing the amendment process, would give each county “home rule,” or taxing powers. I
No, the 1901 state constitution isn’t perfect, but the big liberal dailies have been lying when naming ours the oldest and most cumbersome of all fifty states.
I That's what these new world orderlies are telling the other 49 states, in Jimboy Carter lingo (he of the Panama Canal giveaway, as China smiles): “Trast me.”
Action alert
CONFEDERATE EVENTS March 14-15 Battle of Bibb Furnace at
Brierfield State Park, Alabama March 22 Lincoln Reconstructed
Conference, Richmond, Va.
March 22-24 Battle of Bridgeport, Alabama March 29 Confederate good time at the last boyhood home of General Nathan Bedford Forrest Enjoy reenactments, entertainment, vendors. All proceeds go toward restoring Gen. Forrest's home. April 4,5,6 Battle of Blakeley near Spanish Fort, Alabama April 4-6 Battle of Cuba Station, Gainesville, Alabama April 5	Dedication of Prattville
Dragoons monument (pg. 12) April 5	Confederate Decoration Day
for CSA heroes (seepg. 12) April 6 Major rally — Richmond, Virginia by Virginia Division, SCV April 11-13 Battle of Fort Jackson at Burns. Louisiana
April 12 Confederate History and Heritage Day, Wetumpka (see page 12) April 12	ProSouthern Rally at Capital
Square, Richmond, Virginia April 24-27 Battle of Selma May 2-4 Fonest / Straight Raid at Blountsville, Alabama May 2,3,4 Alabama Division SCV Convention, Bay Minecte May 23-25 Battle of Roupe Valley Ironworks Tannehill State Park, Alabama June 7	Jefferson Davis Birthday
Memorial, Montgomery Capitol July 12 4th annual Ole Bedford's Birthday Party, Godwins FtDixie in Selma
TheMedicine Shoppe
Doug Hardin, R.Ph.
1013 N. McKenzie Foley, AL 36535
(251) 943-3335
FAX (251) *43-4414
The South was right!
JOHN PELHAM HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION
INVITES YQU TO THE
140th Anniversary of the interment of
“The Gallant Pelham” 30 March 2003-2 pm
JACKSONVILLE FIRE STATION (Former location of Baptist Church) Jacksonville, Alabama
RAIN OR SHINE
Tfc all mttmbtn of ft* Alabaai League of the South: Our state conference for 2003 is scheduled for March 8. This year’s meeting will be held at the state capitol in the Archives room. 10:30 am -3 pm.
1 Scheduled to speak at this tune arc League President Dr. Michael Hill & Franklin Sanders. Entertainment by Basic Grey. Tour of the capitol. soon, and cuiTeni members should receive an mvitauoo by mail in the next few weeks. All members should make plans to attend Let's get our message out to the general public. To join the LoS, call Steven Fitts, 334-874-6027
4 The First Freedom March 2003
Report from L.A.
By Olaf Childress ^
We have been betrayed. Who, where? In high offices and ordinary posts obtainable by the likes of you and me. If ambition gets ahead of duty and honor, we are the traitors.
“The second Patriot Act is a mirror image of powers that Julius Caesar and Adolf Hitler gave themselves,” observes Alex Jones on page 9 of this issue (“Secret Patriot Act IF).
Which isn’t exactly true. Let me add that such dictators cannot destroy our republics alone, they need help. Nor can today’s axis of evil nullify the U.S. Constitution without the media convincing its apparatchiks they will be empowered/ (and critics that they’re already ^empowered).
Self-government is maintained or lost at home, not Berlin or Rome, said a group of Baldwin County Alabamians asking local politicians to pass their “Resolution to Save the Bill of Rights.** In dismissing this petition for a statement proclaiming that the Town of Silverhill would obey the U.S. Constitution anywhere the USA Patriot Act had it otherwise. Mayor Allen Greene felt that, “Since George Bush has been elected, I stand behind him.” Heill
Eight days later, on Jan. 28,1 addressed the county commission for these petitioners and was asked to furnish a list of the 30 local governments having adopted similar resolutions (Me, too! being less painful). Luckily I copied that information next day from Alex Jones's infowars.com website before it got knocked from cyberspace, but when Jones eventually had it back online the number of cities and^ounties across America bucking George II’s Patriot Act II had jumped to 45!
With three TV cameras pointed at the lady whose idea this resolution was, on Feb. 4 the Baldwin County Commission heard Jeannine Wilson of Bay Minette tell how the USA Patriot Act orders local law enforcement to go beyond its constitutional bounds. Yet the seven commissioners were unmoved. Next, Peter Henning of Silverhill told how he had come here as a refugee from East Germany to escape exactly such barbarism as the USA Patriot Act portends, drawing a few questions from the officials. In my turn, I begged the commissioners to please represent us, pointing out that none of those “representatives” in Washington, DC, by their own admission, had read the media-generated patriot act before signing.
“We’ll take this under advisement,” said Chairman Jonathan Armstrong, “and let the public decide. Your arguments will be shown repeatedly on TV [wonder why our local government is in that business?] and, during the next two weeks, we’ll see if there's public support for such a move.**
Joe Biggs of Bay Minette spoke to the county commission on Feb. 18 at the end of that interim, warning that “Patriot Act II” had just been dropped into the propaganda mill, chipping away even more rapidly the Bill of Rights. Peter Jennings and I pleaded further; Jeannine Wilson then showing those officials hundreds of signatures on a PETITION TO PASS RESOLUTION (“Are you in favor of a Resolution to reaffirm the Constitution and the Bill of Rights as the Supreme Law of the Land?..**) circulated during the previous days around Baldwin County. But the officials had made up their minds, claiming too little response from the public, and saying we should take such concerns to our U.S. “representatives.”
I thank the Baldwin County Commission for having heard our petition, not knowing how many saw the cited TV broadcasts, as I’m not on cable nor do I watch any TV whatsoever. But many of those signing our petitions were thrilled at having seen the TV reports, and at seeing we citizens were trying to represent their views in place of officers uninterested in the Bill of Rights here or in the ozone layers of government
We, the people, have been betrayed; not willfully but casually, unintentionally. And momentarily. Let’s all contact the chairman right now at jarmstrong@co.baldwin.aLus
— Alabama —
Liberal propagandists just can't wait for a constitutional convention to rewrite Alabama's 1901 body of laws. They claim It's the best way to restructure tales and avoid proration. At last year's League of the South state convention In Montgomery on March 9 (above). Prof. John Eldsmoe, prolific writer and teacher of law at Faulkner University, told the annual gathering that a constitutional convention would mean “gambling with Alabama's future." The movement for a rewrite, he explained, is “a groundswell by newspaper editors" that does not accurately represent the feelings of Alabama's citizens. "There's an idea that this would be a convention of the people," Eidsmoc said. "I don't see it happening that way." Robert W. Burnett of Mobile wouldn't trust a con-con either: "Interest groups, people who have money in this day and age, control events like a constitutional convention," he said. "I don't think the convention delegates would represent our common Interests." This year the LoS Convention to on March 8 (details on page 3).
Compatriots,
As most of you know, on June 2,2001 at the Jefferson Davis Birthday Memorial Ceremony, it was brought to my attention that a painting depicting the Confederate Veterans Reunion held in Montgomery in 1931 was hidden in a closet in the old Archives room on the second floor of the Alabama State Capitol Building. At that time I began a campaign to restore this beautiful painting to a place of honor and back into public view. I am happy to report that the painting now is on public display in the Alabama State Archives and History Building in Montgomery. The State of Alabama once again tried to hide our history from us and the general public; this time they failed. The next time you visit the Archives, please make it a point to enjoy
this wonderful work of art. „ w ~
-Ken McGhee
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Wcogufka, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100 Cush Loans Pawn • Buy Sell ‘Trade
Guns • Tools Electronics Jewelry
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Stickers - Boerages-Totaca
Building erected In ISS3 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner - CapeCSAfiaoLam Treasurer, Alabama UatseafUtSwl
Right to keep and bear arm-twisting by the people
By Ann Winston
As many of you are aware, an Initiative and Referendum provision is contained in the Alabama Code, establishing guidelines for using citizen petition at the local level. However, a statewide I&R could probably be passed without going through the legislature if voters across Alabama passed identical state I&R bills at the local level.
At any rate, having local I&R already in the code erases any objections legislators might have as to its constitutionality at the state level.
Of course, as gatekeeper of the ballot, the Secretary of State could settle this matter once and for all by simply placing the question of a state I&R procedure on the ballot.
To justify doing this, he probably would need to be presented a citizen petition that instructed him to do it, since no signature requirements have been established for placing issues on the state ballot. There is ample precedent for doing such a thing, dating back to the days when the states discovered there were no provisions in their constitutions for amendment At that time, they took super-legal actions, that is, creating the procedures as they went.
Jim Bennett, former Secretary of State and current chairman of the committee on constitutional revision, is quite aware of this argument, and, believe it or not, concurs; although he is skittish about the legal ramifications.
Another approach is to sue each state official who knowingly blocks, through purposeful inaction, the people’s First Amendment right of petition.
Here is the I&R text in the Alabama Code:
SECTION 11-44-105
Adoption of ordinances by initiative and referendum.
Whenever an application shall be presented to the board of commissioners purporting to be signed by the electors of the city or town then duly qualified to vote in the city or town equal in number to at least 25 percent of the entire number of voters who were duly qualified to vote in the last general municipal election held in said city or town for the purpose of electing a commissioner, requesting that a certain ordinance, and setting out the provisions thereof, be enacted into law by the board of commissioners of said city or town, it shall then be the duty of said board of commissioners to forthwith examine into the qualifications of the signers of said petition; and, if it shall find that said petition does not contain 25 percent in number of the entire number of voters who were duly qualified to vote in the last general municipal election for the purpose
of electing a commissioner, it shall within 10 days after the receipt of such petition notify the persons presenting the same in writing of such fact, provided their names and addresses shall have been endorsed on said petition as the presentors of said petition, said presentors not to exceed 10, and thereupon the persons so presenting the said petition shall have 10 days within which to secure additional signers to meet the deficiency pointed out by the said board of commissioners. In case of failure to secure any additional numbers that may be necessary within 10 days, no further action shall be taken upon said petition by the said board of commissioners.
If the said petition as originally presented is found by said board of commissioners of said city or town to contain the signatures of electors of the city or town then duly qualified to vote in the city or town equal in number to at least 25 percent of the entire number of voters who were duly qualified to vote in the last general municipal election held in the said city or town for the purpose of electing a commissioner, or if additional names shall have been secured thereto as hereinabove provided to bring the total number of signatures of such voters up to said 25 percent and said petitions conform to the other requirements of this article, then the said board of commissioners of said city or town shall within 30 days after receipt of said petition consider the said proposed ordinance. If it fails or refuses to enact said ordinance into law within said 30 days after the receipt of said petition, it shall then be the duty of said board of commissioners to submit to a vote of the electors of said city or town, either at a general election for commissioner of said city or town or a special municipal election, such election in any case to be not less than 60 days nor more than 70 days from the date of the filing of said petition, the question of whether or not said ordinance shall become law. Notice of such election shall be given by publication once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper, if any, published in said city or town and, if there is no such newspaper, then by posting notice of said election at five public places in said city or town at least 20 days before the date fixed for said election, and such election shall be held and the result declared in all respects the same as a general election for a commissioner of said city or town.
At such election, the ballots shall be substantially in the following form: ‘Official Ballot (Then shall follow a brief statement of the substance of said proposed ordinance). ( ) For said ordinance. ( ) Against said ordinance.” Those in favor of the enactment of said ordinance into law
shall so indicate by placing a cross mark within the brackets before the words “For said ordinance” and those who are opposed to the enactment of said ordinance into law shall so indicate by placing a cross mark within the brackets before the words “Against said ordinance.” A separate ballot shall be prepared and used for each proposed ordinance. Should a majority of the votes cast in said election be in favor of enactment into law of said proposed ordinance, then said ordinance shall become operative three days after the result of said election shall have been declared, but should a majority of the votes cast in said election be against said ordinance, then said proposed ordinance shall not become law by reason of said procedure.
(Acts 1915, No. 749, p. 869; Code 1940. T. 37, &sect;l 19.) http://alisdb.legisla-ture.state.al.us/acas/ACASLogin.asp
in/cet f\UU»+
By Olaf Childress The answer is really quite simple. But I can’t do this job of putting the word out on all the important measures you patriots ire undertaking toward regaining government sanity without continual support If you agree with the message that follows, let's get more of the truth, i.e., newspapers that print it, started up across Alabama and out in our neighboring states. Today’s rebels are putting up plenty fight against Big Blubber; however, the “regular” media aren’t reporting it except in a negative way.
The media is where we lost it. And that's where we regain our freedom, if such is to be. Some of us realized as much when, on May 1, 1999, The First Freedom began publishing as a monthly tabloid. It has bees suggested that we get this highly readable and informative tabloid into every grocery store and gas station throughout the South on a FREE, TAKE ONE rack.
What’s your opinion?
Problem is, we need patriot ad agencies and fund-raisers for such an effort, and I can’t edit and do everything. But, surely, some of you are willing to take up that slack now that you sec this really is the best alternate newspaper around, and just the right size.
Much as it has become second nature to spread the w ord amongst ourselves via the internet, many of those we need to reach right now have still not gained access to that forum. Please help us send this paper spreading like wildfire - not to incinerate Big Blubber's Big Tent, just his phony posters out front.
The truth will speak for itself.
— Alabama
March 2003 The First Freedom 5
FORBIDDEN PHRASES. HIDDEN HISTORY:
War of the Words
By Olaf Childress	|
When Black Rep. Alvin Holmes said he would not retire from the State House until “Heart of Dixie" was completely removed from Alabama's new auto license plates -j even the tiny heart! - one citizen observed:(
“Just like in South Carolina. Compromise with 'cultural bigots' only emboldens them and leads to further demands."’
That was in reference, of course, to the NAACP's refusal to be pacified on having forced the Confederate flag from South Carolina's capitol dome, bringing instead more conditions. Many feel the National Association has Advanced Colored People to the limits of their capabilities; and, with its purpose accomplished, is unwittingly alienating Whites who’ve empathized with its once legitimate cause. Having shown patience and tolerance for Black History Month, Head Start, Kwanza, Affirmative Action and other media events. Whites are now, as Kelly McGinley’s South Alabama talk show bills itself, "Retaking America." |_
No, not from Blacks; anybody that's interested is urged to join this fight. Real progress means removing the blinders and booting from public office such free loading phonies as have used Black people to their detriment.
This War of the Words has turned your tax dollars and mine against our interests long enough. We’re tired of it.
For instance, that arrogantly sneaky and contemptuous license plate motto change the peecee crowd came up with is too much: even for "Citizen John” Burke, Mobile activist who ordinarily takes no part in heritage issues. Said "CJ.", holding up one of those new Alabama tags at a civic meeting: "They think we'll just keep backing up? Those sorry hustlers who use the Black community wouldn’t stop at removing every one of our Confederate monuments, all flags and symbols including the word | 'Dixie.' Next, whoever*s pulling their strings would send them agitating to have 'Alabama* changed into 'autonomous region' or 'soviet* of the 'united nations.’ How arc wc gonna retake the word Dixie? Here's Ben George to tell us. But first, note how his decal precisely fits over the words, ‘stars fell on."*
Dr. George at that point elaborated his counterattack further "This 'stars fell on* was simply a way to begin removing 'Dixie* from Alabamians' car tags. Who can guess what words or phrases would next be the targets of those terminally politically correct? We are now issuing the Alabama car tag retrofit kit. These 'Heart of Dixie* stickers are high quality vinyl with u.v. resistant ink, and | should last as long as the tag.
"We are seeking legislators who will place a bill in the legislature giving people a vote, or at least a choice, between 'Heart of Dixie’ and 'stars fell on.* We feel the | legality is OK, but those with concerns can place them oo their bumper or a license plate frame directly over | 'stars fell on.’ We pray you will help us find distributors in all 67 counties of our great state."
Other printers had also started offering "Heart of Dixie'* decals, this “Retaking" obviously turning out to be no isolated, but rather a genuine Southern "thang." A vast, right wing conspiracy? Maybe. It depends; which side in this War of the Words are you on? Stickers being sold by vendors at the League of the South’s state con-ference last year in Montgomery introduced Ihe one I’m also offering. It has a heart beside the still official motto.
Along with auto-owning concerned citizens, "internal security" too found itself divided on this issue which your "regular" media remain reluctant to discuss: how best to handle "terrorists" who love Dixie more than they fear Bush the Younger. As the Alabama Coalition weighed in. Bob Bentley of Mussel Shoals opened up to his compatriots on March 4, 2002 with this query: “Y’all, I was just told by our Colbert County Judge of Probate that one could 'possibly* be ticketed for putting 'Heart of Dixie* over ‘stars fell on’ Alabama. So I proceeded directly to the sheriff, who called the Tri-Cities Post of the Alabama State Troopers. The Post Commander said that I could and would be ticketed for putting anything on the tag. Now, what am I going to do with this envelope full of stickers?"
"You need to read the law and determine if your trooper is telling the truth," replied Bill Beckham. "If not, put the stickers on anyway. Confusion to the Enemy!"
Bill Cox of Montgomery also looked for solidarity in this "retaking" of "Dixie": “I thought we were assured the 'Heart of Dixie’ retro-fit strip was legal. Certainly would like to know where we stand. I’ve already taken orders for 18 of them. Need a heads-up, please."
"Bill, I think the true question here is, was it legal for them to do what they did to our tag?" replied the Wizardess of Selma, Patricia Godwin. She answered herself: "Yes, I guess; - in the sense that the 1951 legis-
lature didn’t fathom someone wouldn't feel proud to be from the heart of Dixie -they failed to specify the size of that logo and its location on the tag. They didn’t realize that, just 25 years later, the White legislators would be mollycoddling to a 25% Black caucus... What they have done to the tag now is sleazy, even though it slid through on a technicality: that lack of defining, descriptive language in the act."
Wild Wyatt Willis of Prattville had this advice: "If you are scared, just go right above your tag and stick it on! Better yet, get you a battle flag on there and don't worry about the small stuff. But call the Sheriff and see if he knows that you can put a battle flag on your Alabama tag. When he says you cannot, bet him $50, then go get an SCV tag and win enough to pay for it!” Battle flag waver Tim Meadows of Chunchula: "Send ’em to me. 1 don’t mind paying a few tickets."
Fellow conspirator Cecil Williamson of Selma:"! believe someone in authority
Priorities
(need to get the source) told one of our group that the tag belonged to the person, and you could do it."
That afternoon, Patricia Godwin had the answer: "Bob, John Reynolds of the Thomas Goode Jones SCV camp sent me a sticker today. It has a blue background with white heart on the left-hand side and reads in all caps: HEART OF
DIXIE. He explains regarding the sticker*8 legality, 'The Motor Vehicle Division of the Revenue Department says all that is needed for the tag to be legal is that it display two stickers: month and year, current of course, and the numbers or letters; and that, by a 1951 Alabama Code, have Heart of Dixie (size not specified) on it. I asked, if I did not like the stars fell on Alabama could I cover it with blue tape? and was assured. Of course! I then asked if I could cover it with blue tape reading
Your tax dollars at work — Hiding the ^ A Confederate Monument at the Alabama State Capitol behind rented scaffolding for months
William s Pen again today speaks to them that's turning gray.
By William’s Pen
County Elmore. Occupied CSA
I lie awake on sleepless nights, my body tight with fear.
I ponder all the sad events I’ve witnessed this past year.
I clench my teeth and steel my will and ask my God for strength to stay the course and fight for right and win this fight at length.
’Tis for my children’s children that I beg to join the fray, for if we cannot stem the tide they’ll have an empty tray.
Gone will be our moral codes, our honor and our pride.
Gone will be the liberty for which our soldiers died.
Gone will be our silken banner with its starry cross, and in its place the u.n. rag with all our values lost
And if we lose the hearts and minds of youth we hold so dear, when our generation's gone there’ll be none left to steer.
And so to all the aging vets who now have children grand, and all the other righteous folks who helped to build this land,
To all the Grandmaws spread about and all the grandpaws too,
I challenge each and every one: what are you going to do?
Will you sit glued to that tube like froggy in the pot, and think, aw heck, the water here is really not too hot?
Have you let your children’s minds, and now your grand ones, too, become polluted with the lies put out by "Dees and Crew,”
The filth and smut which is called art by Jews in "Whorelywood,” distorted facts of history by those up to no good?
We've all sat by and watched our land fill up with folks illegal who could care less about our flag; they’re here to kill our Eagle
Arise, Grandpaw! Arise, Grandmaw! Please get up off your ass and join with others of my ilk; let’s teach each lad and lass.
Become involved and cast a vote with every buck you spend.
Keep the hard-earned green away from those of liberal trend!
Boycott "Coke” and boycott malls whose policies offend, protesting ever loud and clear with letters that you send.
And high above all things you do, place teaching number one, the truth of Southern Heritage to daughter and to son.
SOUTHRON BUSINESS LISTING Interesting stories about Alabama -The Source Historical & Adventure is published in volumes of four issues each, no particular deadline or schedule but we try for one volume per year. The Source welcomes articles, photographs and other unsolicited manuscripts from the public which can be mailed to P. O. Box 656. Russellville. AL 35653. No responsibility for loss or damage of materials and photos. Subscriptions $6.95 per volume of four issues or SII .95 for two volumes.
Bonny Bine Catering - Specializing in Southern and European food. We have a 20-ft mobile kitchen that helps guarantee the freshest high-quality food. We use all-Southern products if possible. A portion of our profits go to support our Southern heritage (Friends of Forest, Southern Legal Resource Center, or your group when sponsoring an event to raise money for the cause).
(251) 965-6397 — P.O. Box 817 Magnolia Springs, Alabama CSA 36555
For a free copy of the Duke Report and info on joining the European-American Unity and Rights Organization send $2 to LA Chapter P.O. Box 5941 Thibodaux. LA 70302 or visit www.davidduke.com
Bedford: A World Vision By Ellen William*. Guardian Books
2000 SI 5.95
Here is a scary bookl Ellen Williams is a Southern heritage activist and retired schoolteacher. J She has penned this novel set in the near future. The story is set in a cultural climate in which the entire Western world has come under a global government. It makes full use of today's most recognizable trends and is a warning. Either we make a 180-degrcc turn or this vision will soon be here, and it may not take 20years... -Steven Yates
WANTED:
The Mom a Pop shops that are now selling American goods to smuggle also The First Freedom into the hands of those in need of truth. Such corporate giants as are willing to see us enslaved on a global plantation won't help spread the word that our South remains the last best hope for defeating nihilism. Will you? www.gulftel.com/homcfrcc/adv.ratcs htm
Confederate Spirit
The CD proclaimed "A musical tribute and foundation for the movement for a free South!"
BUY YOURS TODAY!
ONLY $17.75: PPD.
The only CD with the "SOUTHERN ANTHEM!"
Order by mail from:
South Carolina LoS
RO. Box 5458, Aiken, SC 29804 Order by internet from; www.dbrientt.org/dnframcset. htm I
Advertise your business in this column Just $10 per issue, maximum 70 words Add $1 for each additional seven words
Heart of Dixie, and was told. That might be better.
"So, Bob, go for it! Put the stickers on your cars/trucks, and give the rest to friends! Alan Parker told me today that, since the article ran in the Montgomery Agonizer, his phone has rung off the hook! He just had 1,000 more printed, and they’ve already sold 500! When and if a cop stops you, give him a sticker and say, 'You have a Dixie Day, now, ya heah!”’
Charles Bodenheimer of Tall as see may have settled all doubts with this timely dispatch: "Section 40-12-265 - Mutilation or alteration of tags; replacement tags; use of improper tags.	a
"(a) It shall be unlawful for any person to mutilate or alter, for the purpose of deception, any motor vehicle tag, plate, or validation stamp or to use upon any motor vehicle any tags, plates, or validation stamps in imitation of or substitution for authorized issued tags, plates, or validation stamps. It shall be the duty of all sheriffs, police officers, state troopers, license inspectors, deputy license inspectors, and field agents of the Department of Revenue to arrest any person violating the provisions of this section, and upon conviction of any such person a fine of not less than $25 nor exceeding S J OO shall he imposed for each offense. The license inspector shall receive a fee of $1.50 for making such arrest, which arrest fee shall be collected as a part of the costs in any such action before a court of competent jurisdiction."
Cecil Williamson: “We would not do this 'for the purpose of deception,* nor would we be using the stickers 'in imitation of or substitution for.’ Let’s put them on and sec what happens. I’ll help pay someone’s ticket to test the law. “Charles Bodenheimer. "Bob, It is not illegal to put anything on your tag as long as it doesn’t cover the month sticker, the number sticker, the state name, and the large numbers. If they ticket you, appeal it and tell them to ticket everyone who has an FOP, OES or Masonic thingy on their tag!" Section 32-6-54 reads:
"Tag to show heart and words 'Heart of Dixie.* Every license tag or license plate issued by the State of Alabama for use on motor vehicles, in addition to any letters and figures prescribed by the Commissioner of Revenue, shall also have imprinted thereon a conventionalized representation of a heart and the words 'Heart of Dixie.’ The design of license tags or license plates shall be approved by the Commissioner of Revenue. (Acts 1951, No. 675, p. 1168, &scct:l.)**
Let’s tell Heartless Holmes to get himself a vanity tag matching his personality, and leave the rest of us out of his problems.
V - dual* wild a i»i mui
|»T6	FWm wULi eaffiy UOt
; The First Freedom
| P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576!
! POLlnamT	~	-	■	■	■	■	!
MAIL AIM Nil ss
CITY
STATE
|M ' — _	_ ■ MIX f.ir	v
,U Here s $15 for a onc-ycar subscription! * O $20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.! ! E	*or 200 extra copies of a recent issue.';
!D Scnd me 2 free "Heart of Dixie" decals.!
□ $
as a patron. Keep it going!
- Self-government begins at home —
Education by indoctrination
By Greg Kay
Public schools are a hot political topic. They are the number one concern of the soccer mom set. Their funding, location, and consolidation brings on vicious battles in counties and communities, and even in Washington, and we constantly hear about the need for more teachers, more money to pay them, and new methods and mandates.
Meanwhile, Johnny still can't read. Moreover, Johnny is dumb and getting dumber.
School, bus rides, and homework assignments now can easily take up 14-16 hours a day. On the journey to and from school and while he is there in class, Johnny is forcibly associated with drug users, perverts, people with communicable diseases, robbers, rapists, and sometimes even murderers. He is exposed to many teachers who intentionally and callously deny and undermine everything his family believes in, and his massive homework assignments eliminate any time for meaningful interaction with his own family.
That’s a lot of stress on a kid, but if Johnny can’t cope, we’ll give Johnny dope. After all, just because Johnny is stressed, we can’t expect the teacher to be stressed too, and we certainly can't allow any disfhption to the routine. Now she can do her job more easily, because Johnny’s stoned out of his mind on Ritalin.
Of course, Johnny still can’t read, and there is sometimes a rather disturbing side effect to all this better living through chemistry: occasionally, Johnny becomes a drugged-out psycho stalking the hallways and cafeterias with a gun.
Why?
To answer that, we have to consider the unthinkable: what if the free, compulsory public school was a flawed idea from the very beginning?
At least one highly educated man thought so: Dr. Robert L. Dabney, Presbyterian theologian and adjutant to General Thomas J. “Stonewall” Jackson.
When this compulsory public school system first came to Dixie as part of the reeducation program of Reconstruction, the man sometimes called “the Virginia Prophet” had the sagacity to recognize its intrinsic faults immediately.
He pointed out that, for one thing, the public school system is one of the main vehicles for the socialist redistribution of wealth; wealth that is confiscated from one area and sent to another. He further predicted that the States would become addicted to that wealth, just as the parent would become addicted to the abdication of his or her responsibilities and obligations to educate his child.
Don't believe it? Watch a school funding battle sometime. The public education system is the one single sacred cow in the budget absolutely untouchable under penalty of political death. The depth of this addiction is evidenced by the demagogueiy of its defense: namely the emotionally appealing and utterly illogical suggestion that anyone willing to take a dollar from school budgets, let alone question the very value and necessity of the system, is against children.
Oh the contrary, as we shall sec, that person may just be the greatest advocate and best friend that the children ever had.
Secondly, and Dabney addressed this issue as well, school is a place where the best and brightest of society are confined in forced association with its lowest elements, putting good children not only in physical danger, but even more so in moral danger, as they pick up the foul habits, the amoral views, and the degeneracy of their new “peers.”
Of course, if the child is a bit slow on blending in with his classmates the teacher is there to help, and will render those views the child might otherwise reject through the filter of parental instruction or twinge of conscience acceptable by making them part of the curriculum. Following intensive indoctrination on “tolerance,” “values
clarification” and “multiculturalism,” you may rest assured that little Johnny will fit right in with the rest of his companions, however evil and perverse they may be.
That parents might be alarmed at such radical change in their offspring is of no importance. You see, the teacher does not work for the parent; or for the child.
The teacher works for the state.
In one of his most succinct observations. Dr. Dabney points out that the teacher, like the sheriff, is an agent of the government that signs their paychecks and must carry out the duties assigned by that government.
And in that endeavor, regardless of whether Johnny can read or not, the public schools have been a tremendous success.
THE PURPOSE OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Public schools were never intended to produce educated individuals; they were designed to produce loyal, malleable citizens who knew enough to be productive but not enough to become problems.
Compulsory public education is a government tool, the school is its factory, and a cookie-cutter, made-to-order citizen the product. Thus by its inception at Sparta did it produce exactly the type of citizens the Spartans required: implacable male soldiers, and mothers eager to bear more of them.
Public education did the job during its tenure in Prussia, beginning in 1806 with that nation's defeat by Napoleon; a defeat the Prussians believed largely brought ;bbout by soldiers thinking for themselves instead of blindly following orders.
During the (first) Reconstruction, it was a government tool of the Yankees, forced upon the South under the idea that, “if children read the same books, study the same subjects, there can be no rebellion. When our youths learn from similar books and lessons, we will become one person possessing one organic nationality.” It worked fairly well, although Southerners never wholly bought into it, and many of them have come to practice a sort of schizophrenic “double-think”: revering their ancestors while vehemently rejecting everything they believed in. However, the brainwashing was effective enough to keep the South from rising again - so far.
Now the schools are used to enforce the doctrine of a misnamed “tolerance” that is actually acceptance of concepts that the government favors and rejection of those it does not, regardless of any real evidence to the contrary and no matter how outrageous. Such contrary evidence is not allowed and, when finding its way in, is pathologized, persecuted, hounded relentlessly, its most stubborn adherents ridiculed, punished or even removed from the system altogether
if they fail to accept the established dogma lest they contaminate others; not with their ideas, but with the ability to think about ideas." For the duty of a public educator (whether consciously or unconsciously; he is a product of the educational-industrial complex, too) is to guide the students’ thinking in certain patterns, wearing ruts in their minds so deeply that it becomes nearly impossible for any stream of thoughts to leave that channel.
If it cannot be done through rote and through standard brainwashing techniques, it is done through chemical restraints, the educator’s latest tool. Between four and six million students in public school are now on heavy, mind-altering drugs; legally, in order to make them compliant. That number includes every one of the perpetrators of the infamous school shootings, which begs the question: Were they on drugs because they were psychotic, or were they psychotic because they were on drugs?
In order to create the compliant citizen, a child must be separated from his parents until he comes to regard the state and its agents as the parental unit and ultimate ^authority. In ancient Sparta, it was a physical separation. Today it is a separation of authority, morality, religion, race, and culture as well. And the physical part is increasing, with long bus rides and hours of work on what should have been completed in class - further limiting interaction with parents to almost nothing. When someone spends the vast majority of waking hours under control of the state, that becomes the most important part of his life, replacing the parent. Without thinking or complaining, he is conditioned to freely give of his time to the demands of that employer, for whom he will later work, regardless of how unreasonable those demands may become.
The finished product of a successful public education is a citizen in name only. In reality, he is part of a hive. He produces and he doesn’t question seriously except within the set safe parameters to which he has been conditioned, let alone rebel in an effective manner. When that happens, the public school system has done its job.
THE SOLUTION
For every problem, no matter how complex, there is a solution. Sometimes it may involve gradual change; at others, the change must be radical. Faced with this Gordian knot of our public educational system, we must emulate Alexander and cut it asunder.
Then we can finally begin to educate our children.
How, you ask, are we to do this if there are no more schools? It’s very simple. We build the schools. We can’t make an educational silk purse out of the proverbial sow’s ear of public education; instead, we
Secession is a viable option
By Bemie Way
Southerners do have this choice, which may be accomplished by peaceful means. Or, they have the choice of anarchy which we came very close to in 1968-69, and may again if the U.S.A. continues on its present political course of welfare socialism.
The bankrupt ideas of “statism” (read: national socialism) triumphed in the late 19th and 20th centuries. Policies and atrocities in the United States (i.e., growth of leviathan government, the eugenics program, class warfare, drugs, etc.) that grew from such ideas are a victory for the total state which found its basis in the ideas of Rousseau and the French Revolution. Advocates of totalitarianism consider the person to be a mere commodity, to be disposed of at the whim of the ruling elite. At some point in the not too distant future one may be assured that the people will rebel, just as in Russia in March 1917 and in France in 1789. And then there will be a bloodbath on the streets of every community. But such a state of anarchy does not have to occur, if Southerners are willing to look to secession. Why?
In looking to secession Southerners would be first of all reaffirming their belief in God and in their communities and states. For a proper civil order to exist, political power must remain close to the people so that those positions of authority in government may be held accountable. Suffice it to say, this is what the South was fighting for in 1861: the right to govern ourselves and to be held accountable for our actions, first before God and then before our neighbors.
Tragically, with the growth of the leviathan state in America we have lost a sense of personal accountability. Call it victimology if you wish. But Southerners do not have to act in the same manner as those who live in other parts of the country.
I submit that if Southerners wish to protect their Confederate heritage, their Southern culture, their communities, their property and their children’s futures, all men and women of the South must begin to think about separation as the viable option.
Those in power do not care about your local concerns. All they care for is having and retaining power. Machiavelli would be proud to see today’s America. But, we in
must begin with the finest cloth available: that of parental love and responsibility.
According to the laws of God Almighty, children belong to the parents, not a “global village,” nor the federal government, and not even to the state; for, in the face of God’s law, all contrary laws and strictures are to be damned and dismissed as null and void; as, contrary to what those legislators would have us believe, they issue from much lesser bodies.
Thus, in this bold new paradigm of loving education saving the children from political indoctrination, carried out through parental responsibility, the parent has not one choice but three. All require work, but then anything worthwhile does.
Probably the least desirable, although it can be adequate, is private school. Finding one that most closely approximates the beliefs and desires of the parent, the tuition is paid and the child enrolled. Though such a school will never be perfect, it is more often superior to public school because the teachers and administrators work not for a government entity, but for the parents.
Nor is the second choice ideal, though it is very good, and, like the private school, time-proven: namely, a community school. These are just what the name implies, schools run by a community where parents of local children democratically select the location, decide the curriculum, either hire a teacher or have certain members of their group teach, and pay for it all themselves. In this case, since the control is on the neighborhood level, while it is not tailored to the individual it at will least express the general culture, views and morals of the students’ families.
The last choice is and always has been best — home schooling. People, including children, are individuals with different personalities and talents, and the home school is tailored directly to the individual by the person who knows that individual best: the parent.-Every strength and weakness of the child can be taken into consideration, the curriculum tailored to fit the child rather than conditioning the child to the curriculum. Home schooling has the added advantage of being taught not by an employee of a governmental agency who gets paid regardless, but by someone who has a vested interest in the development and welfare of that child.
Is the abandonment of public education in favor of private schools, community schools and home schooling a perfect system7 No; nor can any system created by man be perfect. What it is, however, is a much better system; a system controlled, not by distant government officials but by the parents; and a system centered around the education of a child, not indoctrination of a human product that sen es the state.
the South do not have to play this game. It takes but a few to make things happen. Yet these few must agree on what course to pursue. Secession is the viable option. It is the only option. Anarchy is not.
I humbly submit that the time has arrived for the dedicated members of such noble Southern organizations as the SCV, LOS, SP. HPA, etc., to place their names on the ballots for public offices (both local and state governments) with the purpose of displacing those people in power w ho do not care about the values we believe in. If we elect enough honest Southerners to office, we can then move to once again “dissolve this federal compact” and “declare independence” by taking our States out of the United States. Besides, what is Washington going to do, declare war and invade the South again? Indeed, if Washington were so stupid as to do this, it would confirm what we already know -America has corrupted herself and is beyond redemption.
Southern ladies and gentlemen, permit me to remind you: the price of liberty is high, yet its rewards are sweet.
March 2003 The First Freedom 7
- Wake-up call —
These guys not defending America
(Continued from page 1) they claim, yet call for more enforcement of blatantly unconstitutional gun laws.
If you doubt my word, how do you explain their assistance to statist icons like the now-legendary Chief Moose in his post-sniper assault on gun owners in Maryland - even supplying manpower in the form of goons from the BATF and FBI in their trendy SWAT costumes. I guess ole Moose assumes that if they arrest enough decent citizens they’ll eventually catch those white militia types he remains convinced are behind the sniper shootings. Everything you ever wanted to know about affirmative action is there in Chief Moose - incompetence, racism and a loving relationship with the central government.
“If only the Fuhrer knew,” eh? Unless he somehow missed it. I’d guess that it is very unlikely that he was unaware of this. Should freedom-loving Americans trust this man? You be the judge.
Have you noticed that our heath care systems continue to get worse? My doctor informed me recently that government agents arrived at his office unannounced to demand that he shell out thirty grand for a new government mandated bank/insurance company setup that is not optional and then had the audacity to charge him for their visit. Health care is deteriorating rapidly and more government intrusion is exactly not what the doctor ordered!
Are the adults really in charge, or is Bush nothing but Hillary Clinton in drag?
The neo-cons have until recently pretended (at least to their conservative base) to stand for the rights of unborn Americans, but now even the pretense is gone. It remains possible that they will throw a bone to decency by eliminating that “special procedure” (as the government media hacks call it) that pro-lifers refer to accurately as partial birth abortion. Don't Hold your breath though — it was promised for January of this year. Meantime, the babies are still getting their little heads broken by vicious beasts in doctor suits.
Sexual depravity? Sure, if it votes Republican. After all, it is not the government’s job to monitor what goes on in our bedrooms. Unless it is something they don't like, of course. Just don’t take a pistol to your next S/M session.
The beloved leader of the neo-cons, Senor Bush, has put together a track record that makes Jimmy Carter look like a statesman. He has managed to alienate our European allies, destroy an already shaky accord with Russia (second most nuclear-armed power in the world, by the way), increased government spending to levels that have the Democrats gasping with delight, increased the size and power of government to dictatorial levels and has presided over the worst economic downturn since the late seventies.
With millions of Americans unemployed he has steadfastly refused to guard our borders against illegal migrant labor, all the while pretending that we are involved in some stupendous war against shadowy terrorists. The airline industry is reeling, and many Americans (including this writer) simply refuse to fly rather than be subjected to arrest by the morons “guarding” our airports against some nonspecific threat that apparently includes Medal of Honor winners and Granny. A threat that goes unnoticed on the southern border where sinister Arabic figures are an increasingly large percentage of the “visitors” he stubbornly refuses to crack down on.
Meantime, back at the OK Corral he has managed to get us into pending conflicts on two separate continents, both of which may go nuclear (if you are naive enough to take his word about Iraq). And of course he is managing to ignore Korea, the truly dangerous situation to focus on, bringing democracy to a region that doesn’t want it and won’t tolerate democracy imposed upon it.
The one area where democracy has been successfully imposed upon people who didn't want it, by force of arms of course, is the United States of America, an erstwhile Constitutional Republic.
Yessir, the adults arc in charge all right.
It gets even weirder: minus the few hundred thousand outright kooks who rejoice in “takin’ it to the streets,” most of the left wing socialist types are quite as warlike as their supposed enemies on the neoconservative right. That this is confusing strikes me as deliberate - both sides wage their ideological wars with slogans rather than facts. We plebeian types can choose the slogan we prefer and thus pretend that we have some sort of association with other folks who chose that slogan and at least get a little kick out having a place in the pack. All others are shouted down as unAmerican from the right and “racist” from the left. Since both slogans mean the same thing, this is the best of all worlds for the enemies of freedom. And mark this very carefully - both sides are enemies of freedom.
Like Adolf Hitler before him, Seftor Bush is betraying his supporters left, right and center, but it doesn’t seem to impact his popularity polls one bit. Similarly to Hitler, he finds it expedient to keep the populace in an uproar about various enemies who threaten all that is good. To fight them, we must become more like them. Didn't we try that in the Cold War? We ended up becoming our enemies. fulfilling Khrushchev’s prophecy that he would bury us. You have only to compare individual freedom in America before the Cold War to what little we have left today. Dare we risk trying this again?
How is it that folks who proudly proclaim their patriotism cannot see these things? Or is it that they simply will not see them? It certainly feels better to believe that things are just fine in good ole America. Yet things are most certainly not fine, this much is obvious.
Collectivists, who wish us to be members of the group rather than a hardheaded bunch of individualists who coincidentally happen to be harder to govern, rule over us both in the bureaucracies and the unelected branches of government. When we are a collective, issues like rule of law are moot The folks in charge rule. Compassionately, they claim; but history shows no instance of collectivist governments ruling with anything but an iron fist.
“If only the Fuhrer knew...?” Are we not smarter than heavily indoctrinated seventeen-year-old Nazi conscripts? I have my doubts.
How can we give those people even more power than they already have, and claim that we are patriots? Supporting this war is a way of voting more power to the government. Remember, these guys are not defending America. If they were, our borders would not be wide open. It really is that simple.
When we still had a sizable plurality of people who believed in the concept of rule by law rather than rule by men, we had an America where kids took guns to school but never shot anyone; where cops were your friends. An America that enjoyed commerce, all selling their own products in a wonderful reversal of our current role as the world's butler and arms producer. “Do you want fries with that, Mr. Abdullah?”
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, an America with no entangling military alliances. This final observation, as “unAmerican” and “racist” as it may sound, was another of those controversial ideas put forth by a Mr. G. Washington -about whom our modem generation could care less.
That America is gone, dead and buried. It contracted a fatal disease during the Second Secession War and eventually the malady proved fatal.
Mr. Peirce fought with the Rhodesian freedom fighters (the Ian Smith side, of course). Copyright C 2003 LcwRockwcll.com - Michael Peirce Archives
In the December issue of The First Freedom the Gestapo logo shown above appeared along with, “Go to http://www.darpa.mil/iao/and right click anywhere on the image; next, •save picture as9 (give it a file name) to your p.c.; then open it in whatever program you use. This captures only one of the puzzle's eight parts... assembled here with superimposed borders. Do this now before the Pentagon pulls it" Sure enough, a few days later it had disappeared from the internet.
Obviously9 that insignia was for the new secret police: an ego-booster not for redistribution and almost impossible to copy.
A Patriot Rebellion Brewing!
A patriotic rebellion against the misnamed “Patriot99 Act is gaining momentum throughout the nation. By Fred Lingcl
Efforts to pass legislation negating the misnamed “Patriot” Act arc under way in more than 60 cities, towns and localities around the country, according to a wide range of reports. This is in addition to the 13 that have already passed such measures.•
Resistance to the terrorism law on constitutional grounds brought together unlikely political bedfellows from the American Civil Liberties Union to such “right-wingers” as former Rep. Bob Barr (R-Ga.). They join together in this fight as enthusiastically as they oppose each other on such other fundamental issues as gun laws.
Despite glaring unconstitutional provisions, the Patriot Act passed 357-66 in the House and 98-1 in the Senate in the panicky days that followed the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11,2001.
Federal snoops can now monitor your church, political and social activities, demand of a librarian the titles of books you check out, eavesdrop on privileged conversations between attorney and client -all without reasonable suspicion of wrongdoing, in the name of fighting terrorism.
A librarian or any keeper of public records can be prosecuted for telling you that federal agents are snooping on you. They can search for and seize your private papers without probable cause to suspect criminal activity in direct violation of the constitutional protections against “unreasonable search and seizure ”1
Hundreds of Americans and foreign visitors are being held in prison indefinitely, without being charged. They are denied access to counsel and a speedy trial.
The United States is also sending suspected “terrorists” to foreign countries like Egypt and Jordan which engage in torture in a brutal effort to glean information on and insight into so-called global terrorism.
Denver originally passed a civil liberties resolution in March but after the ACLU discovered that local police had been collecting secret files on protesters’ activities,
MS cities, towns, and counties have now passed such resolutions to protect their civil liberties.
the city council passed an even stronger measure.
Denver's resolution is typical of that of other cities, towns and counties:
“Whereas many people throughout communities across the nation, including Denver, are concerned that certain provisions of the USA Patriot Act threaten civil rights and liberties guaranteed under the United States Constitution;... whereas the city and county of Denver has been, and remains, committed to the protection of civil rights and liberties for all people as expressed in the United States and the Colorado constitution....
“Now, therefore, be it resolved... that the city and county of Denver affirms the following principles: every person has the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure, arrests may not be made without establishing reasonable suspicion or probable cause that a crime has been committed, every person has the right to equal protection under the law and the right not to be deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law. and every person has the right to free speech and freedom of association under the First Amendment.”
The council instructed the clerk of the city and county to send copies of the resolution to President Bush and Attorney General John Ashcroft.
Such resolutions typically direct local law enforcement officials to uphold constitutional rights to due process, counsel and protection from unreasonable searches and seizures “even if requested or authorized to infringe upon these rights by federal law enforcement under new powers granted by the USA Patriot Act or orders from the executive branch."
New Haven, Conn., aldermen passed a resolution that declared “to the extent legally possible, no city employee or department shall officially assist or voluntarily cooperate with investigations, interrogations or arrest procedures, public or clandestine, that are judged to be in violation of an individual’s civil rights or civil liberties.” The movement is nonpartisan, broad-based and growing.
Tkll article IS from 77i«' AmerHun h'rrt Prru. 1433 Pennsylvania Av SE, Washington, IX' 20003. A onc-ycar subscription of 92 issues costs $50
— The South —
Heroes with feats of clay
By Nelson Waller
nwaller@carol .net It started when they hatched a plot to try Jefferson Davis for treason. They soon found the case was flimsy and a potential humiliation for Davis’ inquisitors in the eyes of the world and of posterity. The plan was called off, but the overall trial goes on today in the court of public opinion.
Witnesses for the defense keep emerging from the most unlikely comers, including many a Yankee and many a “liberal.” Here’s some testimony from a filthy yet informative book, Richard Zacks* An Underground Education.
The War began on April 12, 1861. “Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers,” we’re told, “then 200,000 more in July.” Mr. Lincoln finally had his war for the greater glory of statism, but “needed to scramble for men and supplies in a hurry.” Enter those perennial whipping boys of “liberals” everywhere, the robber barons. “Some of the businessmen who would one day be among the most famous names in American enterprise - J.P. Morgan, Cornelius Vanderbilt, DuPont, Armour, Studebaker - stepped forward to sell supplies to the government in this time of great patriotic need,” Zacks informs us, "and many of them cheated the government blind" (his emphasis).
“They profiteered with fervor. ‘The most important of the nineteenth-century American capitalists acquired their first great fortunes during the war,’ according to The War Profiteers, by Richard Kaufman.
“Stated Harpers Monthly in July 1864: ‘For sugar, [the government] often got sand; for coffee, rye; for leather, something no better than brown paper, for sound horses and mules, spavined beasts and dying donkeys.*”
Zacks shows his subjects no mercy - not even to shore up the “Civil War'' mythos:
|About 350,000 Union soldiers died in the war, and it’s estimated that more than half died from disease. Some of these men wore shoes with no soles, were wrapped in transparently thin blankets, slept in disintegrating tents, and fired weapons that blew up in their hands - often due to the greed of the likes of America’s greatest capitalists.” This is almost enough to make us feel sorry for the men in blue. “J.P. Morgan (1837-1913) financed an arms sale in which the U.S. army bought back thousands of rifles that its own inspectors had already condemned as useless. Morgan, then twenty-three years old and starting out in business, bankrolled a scheme whereby one Arthur Eastman bought 5,000 dangerous obsolete carbines for S3.50 each from the U.S. Army arsenal at Governor’s Island, New York, in May 1861. (In tests, these guns blew thumbs off.)... After 2,000 were shipped, the whole thing exploded. Did Morgan back down in embarrassment, caught defrauding the country? No. He sued for full payment, and eventually his side won. The Court of Claims ruled a contract was a contract.”
Testimony on Cornelius Vanderbilt comes next He “cashed in during the war by having his agent take 5 to 10 percent kickbacks on vastly oveipriced shipping contracts that he personally awarded. Scallywags lined up to unload their half-wrecked tubs on the government for troop transport.” On the decrepit Niagara, “Indignant sailors gouged out a piece of thoroughly rotted timber from one of the vessel’s beams and sent it as evidence to Congress.” And there is more...
GEORGIA
The other day, by God’s goodness and grace, we put up twelve Georgia Flags in the farming communities of South Georgia - small family farms that have been the backbone of our land. They are fewer as a direct result of “Yankee destruction,” but it's good to see that there is still quite a number of them. Our goal for this year will be 50 flags. Perhaps God may allow us to
1	fERRORISM	
EsiHsSSINCE 1		1861
Gods, Generals, good guys and bad
being the case, it is refreshing when a movie manages to come out today telling things much as they really were, especially a pro Southern movie.
When' former AOL/Time Warner vice chairman Ted Turner recently invested 15% of his net worth (some 90 million) on an epic motion picture sympathetic to secession and the Southern rebellion, Lee and Jackson being portrayed as heroes, the decision to produce “Gods and Generals” with his own money had come only after AOL and Time Warner declined the movie.
Ted Turner, the same man that created Turner Broadcasting, has in the past made many questionable moves including once being married to Vietnam war protester Hanoi Jane Fonda - she who had partied with the Communists and is said to have smiled as American service men were tortured. Mr. Turner, a Southron and a billionaire but still a lightweight among much richer New World Orderlies, seems to be coming around to the right side. And, in promoting and defending the oppressed culture and history of his Southern homeland, this just might be the modem flick that redeems himself from past mistakes.
It is said to be a movie that will make one proud to be a Southron, something rare in film-making today. We need many more successful men like Ted Turner who are willing to use their money and skills to take a stand for our Southland, which hasn’t been done since pioneer film-maker D. W. Griffith produced his silent film, “The Birth of a Nation.”
Movies can exercise an effect on real politics. The movie “Braveheart” is said to have helped jumpstart the successful modem Scottish Independence movement. Ted Turner himself has one line in the movie - portraying a Confederate Colonel. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
— CapeCSA@aol.com
IF YOU HAVE JUST SEEN THE MOVIE
GODS AND GENERALS
AND WANT TO KNOW MORE OF THE SUPPRESSED TRUTH ABOUT THE CAUSE OF THE SOUTH, CONTACT
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
THE PREMIER SOUTHERN NA TIONALIST ORGANIZA TION FOR A FREE PACKET OF INFORMATION.
PHONE: (800) 888-3163 FAX: (318) 398-7010 E-MAIL: 76071.326@compuserve.com WEBSITE: www.dixienet.org MAILING ADDRESS. P.O. BOX 14184, MONROE, LOUISIANA
71207
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH STATEMENT OF PURPOSE:
WE SEEK TO ADVANCE THE CULTURAL, SOCIAL, ECONOMIC, AND POLITICAL WELL BEING AND INDEPENDENCE OF THE I SOUTHERN PEOPLE BY ALL HONORABLE I	MEANS.	!
CONTACT US TODAY AND HELP US PROTECT THE INTERESTS OF THE SOUTHERN PEOPLE AGAINST THOSE WHO WOULD DESTROY OUR CULTURAL HERITAGE AND
LIBERTY.
double that number. Just think, fifty people putting up 50 flags = 2500 flags in the year 2003, and 100 people putting up 50 each would total 5000 more flags than are now flying. As the enemy keeps trying to destroy our flags and symbols, we must rally round the St. Andrews Cross and embrace the values, faith and principles that it stands for.	-	Monika Junghans-Jones
Out of this empire’s immoral madness the South is rising, no thanks to such a small tabloid. But The First Freedom needs patrons, advertisers, subscribers and distributors in order to continue as a minor part of the movement. Please clip the coupon at bottom of page 5 and aid this newspaper to stay with the action.
Since day one, treason has been Hollywood's stock in trade. Have the traitors been outmaneuvered?
By Lloyd Caperton Many today who have little knowledge of their family history from one generation to the next - and therefore hear no stories passed down from their ancestors -often form opinions about American history and current affairs based mostly on movies and TV. Those who control America quickly learned that the opinions of most modem people could be molded by the news and entertainment industry.
Practically anything can be made to look good or bad, as the media manipulate the truth, ask questions, then provide the proper answers. Most early movies were just that, movies. There were adventures, love stories, good guys and bad. But now . Jhcy want to do more than just tell a story. " Films try to manipulate political opinion in subtle ways, most of them today being anti Southern, pro socialist, pro gay, pro gun control, and usually pro big business and pro big brother. The bad guys are often the ones who are out of step with this line of thinking, and are usually the ones who get killed, arrested, or otherwise neutralised.
Aside from just telling the story, many movies today are social engineering plots; popular movie stars define how a politically correct individual should see himself and the world about. Before movies and TV, opinions were formed by interaction with one’s family and community, not some scriptwriter in large and distant city. This
VIRGINIA
The Lincoln Reconsidered Conference http://www.southemcaucuf.org/lincoln will feature speakers Tom Dilorenzo, Clyde Wilson, Joe Stromberg and others in Richmond, Virginia on March 22,2003.
For four long years, Virginians and Confederate armies successfully held off Lincoln's overwhelming military forces trying to conquer and occupy Richmond. Today, 138 years later, a nonprofit group called the United States Historical Society and the National Park Service mean to force a statue of Abraham Lincoln on the people of that city. Many Southerners are outraged, and the Lincoln Reconsidered Conference is the perfect opportunity to reexamine the legacy of Lincoln and his horrible, unnecessary war.
The conference will cover Lincoln’s real views on race and slavery; his refusal to seriously pursue peaceful emancipation, his intentional waging of war on Southern civilians; the mass arrest of thousands of Northern political opponents and the shutting down of opposition newspapers; the New York City draft riots; his career-long devotion to statist economic policies; the destructiveness of “Reconstruction;” his role in the creation of the centralized, bureaucratic state; and the mythology of Lincoln and the union that has been spread by generations of “court historians.”
For info including student registration rates, call 888-560-8779 or log on to http://www.southemcaucus.org/Iincoln
I WAY DOWN SOUTH!
Demure Alabama Lady: Is there a problem. Officer?
Officer (newly arrived from New Jersey): Madam, you were speeding.
Lady: Oh. I see.
Officer: Can 1 see your license, please? Lady: I’d give it to you, darlin', but I don’t seem to have one.
Officer: Don’t have one?
Lady: Lost it the last four times for drinking a bit much, hooey.
Officer: I see... Can I see your vehicle registration papers, please?
Lady: I just can’t do that, dear.
Officer Why not?
Lady: I took this fine car from a dear little man back yonder.
Officer Stole it?
Lady: Yes, and I killed and hacked up that poor little soul.
Officer You what?!
Lady: He’s back in the trunk in plastic bags if you want to see.
The Officer looks at the woman and slowly backs away to his car and calls for backup. Within minutes five police patrols circle the vehicle. A senior officer slowly approaches, clasping his half-drawn gun. Officer 2: Ma’am, could you step out of your vehicle, please?
The demure Southern lady steps out of her vehicle.
Lady: Is there a problem, sir?
Officer 2: One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner.
Lady: Little ol* me murder that nice man? Officer 2: Yes, could you please open the trunk of your car?
The woman opens the trunk, revealing nothing but an empty trunk.
Officer 2: Is this your car. ma’am?
Lady: Yes, darling, here arc the registration papers.
The officer is quite stunned.
Officer 2: One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving license.
The lady digs into her handbag, pulls out a dainty clutch purse and hands it to the officer. He snaps it open and examines the license. He looks quite puzzled.
Officer 2: Thank you ma’am. One of my officers told me you didn't have a license, that you stole this car, and had murdered and hacked up the owner.
Alabama Lady: Bet you that lying Yankee told you I was speeding, too. didn’t he?!
March 2003 The First Freedom 9
— The empire —
Secret Patriot Act II destroys what is left of American liberty
By Alex Jones
www.infoware.com Congressman Ron Paul (R-Tex) told the Washington Times that no member of Congress was allowed to read the first Patriot Act that was passed by the House on October 27, 2001. The first Patriot Act was universally decried by civil libertarians and Constitutional scholars from across the political spectrum. William Safire, while writing for the New York Times, described the first Patriot Act’s powers by saying that President Bush was "seizing dictatorial control.**
On February 7, 2003 the Center for Public Integrity, a non-partisan public interest think-tank in DC, revealed the full text of the Domestic Security Enhancement Act of 2003. The classified document had been leaked to them by an unnamed source inside the federal government. The
document consisted of a 33-page section by section analysis of the accompanying 87-page bill.
Note: On February 10,20031 discovered that not only was there a House version that had been covertly brought to Hastert, but that many provisions of the now public Patriot Act II had already been introduced as pork barrel riders on Senate Bill S. 22. Dozens of subsections and even the titles of the subsections arc identical to those in the House version. This is very important because it catches the Justice Department in a bald-faced lie. The Justice Department claimed that the secret legislation brought into the House was only for study, and that at this time there was no intention to try and pass it. Now, upon reading S. 22, it is clear that the leadership of the Senate is fully aware of the Patriot Act II, they have passed these riders out of their committees
into the full bill. 1 spent two hours scanning through S. 22, and, let me tell you, it is a nightmare for anyone who loves liberty. It even contains the Our Lady of Peace Act that registers all gun owners. It bans the private sale of all firearms, creates a federal ballistics database, and much more. •
The bill itself is stamped "Confidential - Not for Distribution* Upon reading the analysis and bill, I was stunned by the scientifically craficd tyranny contained in the legislation. The Justice Department Office of Legislative Affairs admits that they had indeed covertly transmitted a copy of the legislation to Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert (R-IL) and the Vice President of the United States, Dick Cheney, as well as the executive heads of federal law enforcement agencies.
It is important to note that no member of Congress was allowed to see the first
r/fcjftnb/y to t/w
KVomnuintM vDfia//rnar Alex Jones Please accept this token gesture out thanks for your untiring efforts to save the Bill of Rights
Deo vindice!
Patriot Act before its passage, and that no debate was tolerated by the House and Senate leadership. The intentions of the White House and Speaker Hastert concerning Patriot Act II appear to be a (Sec "Feral government,** page 10)
The Orthodox Jew, faithful to an ancient tradition, commands respect
(Continued from page 1) outright genocide to indiscreet bons mots about Israel. Many gentiles live in dread of being labeled anti-Semitic, a charge against which there is no real defense or appeal: to be accused is to be guilty. The burden of proof, as I’ve often pointed out, is on the defendant - and a difficult burden it is, since he hardly knows what hc*s being accused of. How can you prove your innocence of an undefined crime? By the same token, there is no penalty for false charges of anti-Semitism, since a meaningless charge can't be proved false anyway.
No gentile is quite safe from the charge. The Gospels, Catholicism, and the papacy have been indicted; so have Chaucer, Shakespeare, Voltaire, Edmund Burke, Dickens, Henry James, Henry Adams, Dostoyevsky, Mark IVain, Hilaire Belloc, G.K. Chesterton, T.S. Eliot, Ezra Pound, Hemingway, (fio far Jane Austen and Emily Dickinson seem to have escaped the accusation.) Then there are whole anti-Semitic nations, among them Russia, Poland, Hungary, Romania, Germany, France, and Spain, lately joined by roost of the Arab nations (thereby proving it is possible to be Semitic and anti-Semitic at the same time).
Billy Graham was recently roasted for anti-Semitism when it transpired that he’d made a few disparaging comments about Jews in the media during what he’d thought were private conversations with President Richard Nixon 30 years ago! Perish the thought that there might have been a grain of truth in what he’d said; Graham dutifully groveled, then, when Jewish groups indignantly complained that this was not enough, he groveled again. A few years back, even that Hollywood icon Marlon Brando had to do a tearfully groveling retraction of some mildly critical comments about Jews in Hollywood.
And they wonder why I’m obsessed.
Of course I have my own special reasons. In 19861 had my own run-in with fanatical Zionists, earned the dreaded label, and refused to perform the mandatory grovel. I won’t retell the whole story here, except to say that my own ardent support for Israel had ended in 1982 when I realized what Israel’s cruel invasion of Lebanon, led by Ariel Sharon, meant for America and for my family.
For America it meant that the Jewish lobby, including some of my neoconservative friends (as 1 thought them), had gotten this country into a sticky situation: an alliance that was morally dubious and very dangerous. We were being steered into a needless war with the Arabs, hotly desired by Israel and its supporters but contrary to our own real interests.
As for the Sobrans, two of them my sons Kent and Mike - were in their teens. If, as seemed likely, the military draft was restored, they might be sent to fight the war the Zionists were seeking. I began arguing in my syndicated column for American disengagement from Israel.
Shortly afterward I ran into Ben Wattenberg, one of my friends (I thought), who said he’d heard I'd "gone off the reservation on Israel.*’ It was the first time I’d been informed that I was on a "reservation," but I soon learned what he meant.
Despite various warnings and pressures - veiled threats, really - I wasn't about to back down or retract anything. As far as I was concerned, I was fighting for my boys* lives. But if I wanted to thrive in journalism, I was expected to put Jewish interests ahead of everything, or at least keep quiet.
As I told Bill Buckley at the time, the Jewish-Zionist interest amounted to an unacknowledged third party in American politics. Though it had been traditionally liberal, it had sprouted a "neoconscrvativc” wing since 1967. In truth, the neoconservatives were hardly conservative at all. For most of them, Israel was everything and overrode all other issues. You could agree with them on nine out of ten issues, but if the tenth was Israel the other nine didn't matter to them. You were the enemy.
You couldn’t really ■ feel the power of the Jewish Party until you ran up against it. With amazing speed it had thoroughly satellized the largely Christian conservative move-j ment, thanks in large part to Buckley. He wasn't about to let me imperil his position. He tried to tell me so, in his indirect and avuncular way, but I couldn’t take a hint.
Luckily, I was a fairly small fry in the movement, and the Jewish Party had far bigger antagonists to target for destruction. I didn't get the full treatment Buckley would have gotten if he’d said what I had said, or the treatment Pat Buchanan did get.
Still, when the blowup came I felt deserted - and in some cases betrayed - by my fellow conservatives. Much as I wished they would rush to my defense, I also wished that if this was too much to ask, they would at least see the meaning of what was being done to me.
Put simply, I was paying the price for defending American interests (and conservative principles). If, as the neocons insisted, American and Israeli interests were more or less identical, they should have called me anti-American, not (or not only) anti-Semitic. But of course they never did; they weren't that subtle, and in some ways they were deeply confused.
Without realizing it, they were tacitly admitting that I was right: that American and Israeli interests were very different -even conflicting - things. Why else would Israel need a lobby in America at all, except to promote its interests to the detriment of our own? This should be obvious, but most people don't get it.
Of course there is no American lobby in Israel to look out for our interests, regardless of the impact on Isrucli Interests. This is only one of the many unnoticed asym-
The Jewish Party, only a small fraction of the U.S. population, donates more than half the money received by the presidential candidates of the two major parties. It also dominates the major news and entertainment media.
metrics of the situation. Double standards can succeed in their furtive purpose only when they pass unobserved. But to call attention to double standards favoring Jews is "anti-Semitism." According to Zionist rhetoric, of course, only anti-Semites apply double standards - though in fact Zionism’s first principle is that ordinaiy standards of justice don*t apply to Jews. As one Israeli rabbi has put it, "A million Arabs are not worth one Jewish fingernail*
That sounds like a defiantly brutal denial that "all men arc created equal." The rabbi may have meant that it would be better to murder a million Arabs than to tolerate the slightest Jewish loss. But he might have meant something much less bellicose, something even pacific: that the current tradeoff of Jewish and Arab lives is a terrible thing for the Jews, even if far more Arabs than Jews die. Nobody really wins a war that diminishes both sides.
It may be said that all this amounts to a caricature of the Jews. In fact. I’ll say it
myself. It’s really a self-caricature of the Jews, drawn by the prevalent part of the Jewish community. It reflects neither the older tradition of the Orthodox, which is rooted in the hard ^objectivity of Mosaic law rather than modern sentimental victimology; nor the immense variety of Jewish intellectuals, who arg as the sands of the sea but who don’t usually subscribe fully to the oversimplified myths of the Holocaust and Zionism.
The Orthodox Jew, faithful to an ancient and rigorous tradition, commands respect. So, in a different way, does the nonobservant intellectual Jew, who greatly enriches the life of the mind in the modem West; he remains unobsessed by the Holocaust and skeptical of, even embarrassed by, Zionism. In some cases, both the Orthodox Jew and the unaffiliated intellectual Jew may be downright anti-Zionist.
The plague-carriers, so to speak, arc the secularized, liberal, middlebrow Jews whose vulgarity sets the tone for American politics, public discourse, and popular culture. Some of them, like Steven Spielberg and Barbra Streisand, have real talent, of sorts; most of them are good at making money and aggressive in using it for their pet causes. Above all, they have a low genius for propaganda - for shaping the popular mind and its characteristic platitudes.
This is the prevalent body of Jews, our unacknowledged third party - the party of Zionism, Holocaust promotion, secularism, sexual license (including "gay rights" and legal abortion), and an aggressive U.S. foreign policy (in the interests of Israel, not the United States itself). The Jewish Party, only a small fraction of the U.S. population, donates more than half the money received
by the presidential candidates of the two major parties. It also dominates the major news and entertainment media.
The Jewish Party’s inordinate power, though unmentionable in the major media, explains why gentiles, especially the ambitious, dread the label of "anti-Semitism." Some of the most perceptive, sensitive, and effective critiques of Jewish power - that is, of the Jewish Party — have been made by Orthodox and intellectual Jews. One danger of the present situation is that the Jewish Party will become synonymous with "the Jews."
And this is exactly what the Party wants: to be recognized as the only authoritative Jewish voice, with all dissenting Jews marginalized. Under the brutal rule of Ariel Sharon, Israel’s image in the West is worse than ever before. Today it’s startling to remember the radiant aura it enjoyed in the days when Its chief international
spokesman was the urbane and eloquent
Abba Eban. Those days are gone forever. The old image of a humane, democratic Israel was largely myth - a myth Sharon himself still exploits - but at least the Israelis made some effort to maintain its plausibility. Now, as Israeli soldiers shoot Arab women in labor without official rebuke or regret, the ugliness of Zionism has become visible to anyone with eyes to see.
Shouting "Holocaust" and "anti-Semitism" can no longer disguise the facts. Despite all the rhetoric, Israel is a "democracy” only in a Pickwickian sense. It began by expelling most of its Arab majority, seizing its homes, and refusing it reentry. That created a Jewish majority, which has been maintained and increased by extending to every Jew on earth the "right of return" to a land where few of those Jews (or for that matter, of their ancestors) had ever lived in the first place. Yet the fiction of Israeli democracy is still honored by the United States.
The Great Obsession has become a huge embarrassment for the Bush administration.
It can't repudiate the U.S. alliance with Israel, even as it needs international -especially Arab - support for the "war on terrorism." Of course that war itself is a result of the Obsession, which has shaped American foreign policy for decades.
The embarrassment is also a Laocoon-likc entanglement. Polite diplomacy flounders in the vain quest for a peaceful settlement; Rome and Carthage are trying to destroy each other, and both sides are invited to a tea party.
As suicide bombings alternate with disproportionate yet unavailing retaliations, the daily new s from Israel is so painful that we all yearn for a solution. But it’s probably too late. It has been wisely said that even the greatest chess player can't take over a misplayed game after 40 moves. This game is clearly destined to end - or to continue indefinitely in tragedy. The only question is how many millions of people will be engulfed in its flames.
— The empire —
Feral government (that’s no misprint) is behind this latest “patriot” act
(Continued from page 9) carbon copy replay of the events that led to the unprecedented passage of the first Patriot Act.
There are two glaring areas that need to be looked at concerning this new legislation:
■	The secretive tactics being used by the White House and Speaker Hastert to keep even the existence of this legislation secret would be more at home in Communist China than in the United States. The fact that Dick Cheney publicly managed the steamroller passage of the first Patriot Act, insuring that no one was allowed to read it and publicly threatening members of Congress that if they didn’t vote in favor of it that they would be blamed for the next terrorist attack, is by the White House’s own definition terrorism. The move to clandestinely craft and then bully passage of any legislation by the Executive Branch is clearly an impeachable offence.
■	The second Patriot Act is a minor image of powers that Julius Caesar and Adolf Hitler gave themselves. Whereas the First Patriot Act only gutted the First, Third, Fourth and Fifth Amendments, and seriously damaged the Seventh and the Tenth, the Second Patriot Act reorganizes the entire federal government as well as many areas of state government under the dictatorial control of the Justice Department, the Office of Homeland Security and the FEMA NORTHCOM military command. The Domestic Security Enhancement Act 2003, also known as the Second Patriot Act, is by its very structure the definition of dictatorship.
I challenge all Americans to study the new Patriot Act and to compare it to the Constitution, Bill of Rights and Declaration of Independence. Ninety percent of the act has nothing to do with terrorism and is instead a giant Federal power grab with tentmclcM reaching into every facet of our society. It strips American citizens of all their rights and grants the government and its private agents total immunity.
Here is a quick thumbnail sketch of just some of the draconian measures encapsulated within this tyrannical legislation:
SECTION 501 (Expatriation of Terrorists) expands the Bush administration’s “enemy combatant*’ definition to all American citizens who “may” have violated any provision of Section 802 of the first Patriot Act (Section 802 is the new definition of domestic terrorism, and the definition is “any action that endangers human life that is a violation of any federal or state law.”) Section 501 of the second Patriot Act directly connects to Section 125 of the same act. The Justice Department boldly claims that the incredibly broad Section 802 of the First USA Patriot Act isn’t broad enough and that a new, unlimited definition of terrorism is needed.
Under Section 501 a U.S. citizen engaging in lawful activities can be grabbed off the street and thrown into a van never to be seen again. The Justice Department states that they can do this because the person “had inferred from conduct” that they were not a U.S. citizen. Remember Section 802 of the First USA Patriot Act states that any violation of federal or state law can result in the “enemy combatant” terrorist designation.
SECTION 201 of the second Patriot Act makes it a criminal act for any member of the government or any citizen to release any information concerning the incarceration or whereabouts of detainees. It also states that law enforcement does not even have to tell the press who they have arrested and they never have to release the names.
SECTIONS 301 and 306 (Terrorist Identification Database) set up a national database of “suspected terrorists” and radically expand the database to include anyone associated with suspected terrorist groups and anyone involved in crimes or having supported any group designated as “terrorist.” These sections also set up a national DNA database for anyone on
probation or who has been on probation for any crime, and order state governments to collect the DNA for the federal government.
SECTION 312 gives immunity to law enforcement engaging in spying operations against the American people and would place substantial restrictions on court injunctions against federal violations of civil rights across the board.
SECTION 101 will designate individual terrorists as foreign powers and again strip them of all rights under the “enemy combatant" designation.
SECTION 102 states clearly that any information gathering, regardless of whether or not those activities are illegal, can be considered to be clandestine intelligence activities for a foreign power. This makes news gathering illegal.
SECTION 103 allows the federal government to use wartime martial law powers domestically and internationally without Congress declaring that a state of war exists.
SECTION 106 is bone-chilling in its straightforwardness. It states that broad general warrants by the secret FSIA court (a panel of secret judges set up in a star chamber system that convenes in an undisclosed location) granted under the first Patriot Act are not good enough. It states that government agents must be given immunity for carrying out searches with no prior court approval. This section throws out the entire Fourth Amendment against unreasonable searches and seizures.
SECTION 109 allows secret star chamber courts to issue contemp charges against any individual or corporation who refuses to incriminate themselves or others. This sections annihilate the last vestiges of the Fifth Amendment.
SECTION 110 restates that key police state clauses in the first Patriot Act were not sunsetted and removes the five year sunset clause from other subsections of the first Patriot Act. After all, the media have told us: “this is the New America. Get used to it. This is forever.”
SECTION 111 expands the definition of the “enemy combatant” designation.
SECTION 122 restates the government's newly announced power of “surveillance without a court order.**
SECTION 123 restates that the government no longer needs warrants and that the investigations can be a giant dragnet-style sweep described in press reports about the Total Information Awareness Network. One passage reads, “thus the focus of domestic surveillance may be less precise than that diitcted against more conventional types of crime.”
Over and over again, in subsection after subsection, the second Patriot Act states that its new Soviet-type powers will be used to fight international terrorism, domestic terrorism and other types of crimes. Of course the government has already announced in Section 802 of the first USA Patriot act that any crime is considered domestic terrorism.
SECTION 126 grants the government the right to mine the entire spectrum of public and private sector information from bank records to educational and medical records. This is the enacting law to allow ECHELON and the Total Information
Awareness Network to totally break down any and all walls of privacy.
The government states that it must look at everything to “determine” if individuals or groups might have a connection to terrorist groups. As you can now see, you are guilty until proven innocent.
SECTION 127 allows government to take over coroners' and medical examiners' operations anytime they see fit. Reminds us of that special medical examiner Bill Clinton had in Arkansas, who ruled people had committed suicide when their arms and legs had been cut off.
SECTION 128 allows the federal government to place gag orders on federal and state grand juries and to take over the proceedings. It also disallows individuals or organizations to even try quashing a federal subpoena. So now defending yourself will be a terrorist action.
SECTION 129 destroys any remaining whistleblower protection for federal agents.
SECTION 202 allows corporations to keep secret their activities with toxic biological, chemical or radiological materials.
SECTION 205 allows top federal officials to keep all their financial dealings secret, and anyone investigating them can be considered a terrorist This should be very useful for Dick Cheney to stop anyone investigating Haliburton.
SECTION 303 sets up a national DNA database of suspected terrorists. The database will also be used to “stop other unlawful activities.” It will share the information with state, local and foreign agencies for the same purposes.
SECTION 311 federalizes your local police department in the area of information sharing.
SECTION 313 provides liability protection for businesses, especially big businesses that spy on their customers for Homeland Security, violating their privacy agreements. It goes on to say that these are all preventative measures. Has anyone seen the Minority Report? This is the access hub for the Total Information Awareness Network.
SECTION 321 authorizes foreign governments to spy on the American people, and the sharing of information with foreign governments.
SECTION 322 removes Congress from the extradition process and allows officers of the Homeland Security complex to extradite American citizens anywhere they wish. It also allows Homeland Security to secretly take individuals out of foreign countries.
SECTION 402 is titled “Providing Material Support to Terrorism.” The section reads that there is no requirement to show that the individual even had the intent to aid terrorists.
SECTION 403 expands the definition of weapons of mass destruction to include any activity that affects interstate or foreign commerce.
SECTION 404 makes it a crime for a terrorist or “other criminals” to use encryption in the commission of a crime.
SECTION 408 creates “lifetime parole” (basically, slavery) for a whole host of crimes.
SECTION 410 creates “no statute of
Gross misbehavior at TSA____
By Doug Fiedor
dfiedor@comcast.iiet Except for providing an endless amount of humor for late-night monologs, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is seeming more useless every day. The Air Marshal program has had major problems from its inception and the idiocy of many airport passenger screeners is almost legendary.
As part of the Homeland Security bill passed by Congress and signed into law by President Bush, TSA (I) was ordered to implement an affirmative program to arm any and all passenger airliner pilots wishing to participate in the program.'Tnefe
were to be no limits on participation. That is, each pilot of a passenger airliner that passes the screening and training will be allowed to carry a firearm on the flight deck. The passenger airlines will not be allowed to “opt out” of the program. Participation in the program was to be an individual decision that each pilot will make independent of his or her employer.
Problem is, the Transportation Security Administration bureaucrats want to be the big fish in that little security pond. Air Marshals on board an aircraft means TSA actually “commands" the aircraft. The “captain" is then relegated to being a driver, rather than the senior officer
limitations” for anyone that engages in terrorist actions or supports terrorists. Remember: any crime is now considered terrorism under the first Patriot Act.
SECTION 411 expands crimes that are punishable by death. Again, they point to Section 802 of the first Patriot Act and state that any terrorist act or support of terrorist act can result in the death penalty.
SECTION 421 increases penalties for terrorist financing. This section states that any type of financial activity connected to terrorism will result to time in prison and $10-50,000 fines per violation.
SECTION 427 sets up asset forfeiture provisions for anyone engaging in terrorist activities.
There are many other sections that I did not cover in the interest of time. The American people were shocked by the despotic nature of the first Patriot Act The second Patriot Act dwarfs all police state legislation in modern world history.
Usually, corrupt governments allow their citizens lots of wonderful rights on paper, while carrying out their jackbooted oppression covertly. From snatch and grab operations to warrantless searches. Patriot Act II is an Adolf Hitler wish list
You can understand why President Bush, Dick Cheney and Dennis Hastert want to keep this legislation secret not just from Congress, but the American people as well. Bill Allison, Managing Editor of the Center for Public Integrity, the group that broke this story, stated on my radio show that it was obvious they were just waiting for another terrorist attack to opportunistically get this new bill through. He then shocked me with an insightful comment about how the federal government was crafting this so that they could go after the American people in general. He also agreed that the FBI has been quietly demonizing patriots and Christians and 4*those who carry around pocket Constitutions.”
I have produced two documentary films and written a book about what really happened on September 11th. The bottom line is this: the military-industrial complex carried the attacks out as a pretext for control. Anyone who doubts this just hasn't looked at the mountains of hard evidence.
Of course, the current group of white collar criminals in the White House might not care that we're finding out the details of their next phase. Because, after all, when smallpox gets released, or more buildings start blowing up, the President can stand up there at his lectern suppressing a smirk, squeeze out a tear or two, and tell us that, “See, I was right I had to take away your rights to keep you safe. And now it’s your fault that all of these children are dead.” From that point on, anyone who criticizes tyranny will be shouted down by the paid talking head government mouthpieces in the mainstream media.
You have to admit, it's a beautiful script Unfortunately, it's being played out in die real world. If we don't get the word out that government is using terror to control our lives while doing nothing to stop the terrorists, we will deserve what we get -tyranny.
But our children won't deserve it.
Tom Strider comments
Remember some years back when we were noticing, right after the end of WW1I, that the commanders of each of the combat units in the Soviet Army had to put up with a special dude who would report back to the Commie bigwigs in Moscow? He was really the chief honcho to determine if the commander (and his troops) was following the party line. Woe to the commander who received a bad report from that officially recognized “spy” in his unit
Now, translate that to the TSA for our Homeland Security and the “air marshall" to being the official “spy" in the aircraft. Ah, hah! Remember Orwell’s book, “1984”?'* ' *.......................   ’•

March 2003 The First Freedom 11
FOODS FOR THOUGHT
Recently, my daughter’s volleyball team boosters has been offered the opportunity to be food vendors at a civil war reenactment. From your experience, what foods would be good to offer? We have great homemade soup experience as a bunch of moms who do it for the team’s booster club. The event will be in the Johnstown PA area on May 31, June 1 and 2. This is a gamble as it is the fust time this group of reenactors has assembled and they cannot give us a figure on the expected turnout. Any suggestions? What is a hot seller at these events? Thanks for your input! VIVIAN BERKEBILE
Johnstown, PA
We usually have barbecued chicken or ribs, smashed potatoes, collard greens, Boston beans, cornbread and, uh, got to stop here as I’m slobbering into my keyboard ... but I’ll pass this on so a few others can add their two grits, er, cents worth. The main ingredient you’ll need is hospitality.
For Vivian: If you have any Southerners you will certainly want to have that corn-bread to go with those collard greens that Olaf mentioned. They go well with the barbecue ribs too. 1 prefer black-eyed peas and fried okra to the Boston baked beans. No food fair would be complete without fried chicken; that is, Southern fried chicken. Us rebels can’t hardly stomach that Yankee fried chicken rolled in bread crumbs. Not enough grease in the crispy skin. A few cheese-grits would be in order, and if it's summertime, cold watermelon to cap things off. If these are too difficult at a sports stadium, go for the old comdog, popcorn and hot dogs. I won’t come for that, but if you have the spread mentioned in the first message, let me know when the event is going to be. It might be worth a trip up from Florida just to pig out!
DAVE RUSSELL, CCPR Crestview, FI
Dunno. However, since it’s in Penn-syl-vain-ay-eh, scrapple is an idee. (People eat it with syrup, some with ketchup, others with vinegar.) If familiar with Mennonites or Amish around there, their pastries are yummy. And if having chili, don’t forget to offer a couple of kinds (such as one that people with ulcers can eat), along with crackers, vinegar, ketchup, hot sauce, etc.	TOM STRIDER
Bonita Springs, FL
Lttttvt..
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
Burgers and dogs are always good. We 13th Battalion NC Light Artillery/ 3rd US light artillery pretend-to-be soldiers are used to eating rotten bacon and hardtack, so whatever you modem folks have at ball games will probably be fine. I hear in your time, that new game with the bases and ball you hit with a stick is pretty popular. What do you eat there? RICHARD LONG
Winnabow, NC
In my humble opinion, you must have fried chicken! And the kind that is actually fried right there at the site, not this mess you buy at fast food restaurants!
BOBBY LOTT
And by the way, cornbread does not have sugar in it and it is made with buttermilk. Anytime cornbread has sugar in it, it is called contcake.
DREW RAYNER Perkinston, MS
Speaking from experience as one of the promoters for the Battles for the Armory in Tallassee, Alabama: hamburgers, hot dogs, chips, fries, peanuts, cokes, etc. for spectators usually do well. For spectators and reenactors all of the above and barbeque plates (ribs, chicken is easy), camp stew, Brunswick stew and we’ve even done catfish with all the trimmings!
CHARLES BODENHEIMER
Tallassee
The soup idea sounds good, you might also try a beef stew as well. Home baked cookies will also do good.
EDWARD VAN NESS, SR.
Arizona re-enactor
AMMO SUPPLY
I always enjoy reading your newspaper. Thought of an idea on how to help with its costs. What would you charge to place a long distance telephone service ad on your website and in The First Freedom?
VERNON BEARDEN Montgomery
One advertising rate fits all. It’s at www.gulftel.com/homefree/adv.rates.htm
I love your paper. Keep up the good work. Thank you again for all you and your staff are doing for this great country.
VIRGINIA HARDEN Elberta
I enjoy your paper very much. Wish we had one like it here in Virginia. The Jewish media don’t like to give us coverage but we force them to with our demos. I take the Battle Flag to all of them, and love to fly it at the Capitol of the Confederacy.
ROBERT KLINE Petersburg, VA | An accompanying clipping notes that this is not the same Robert Kline who is behind the Ape Linkum statue fiasco.)
STAND BEHIND DAVID DUKE I’m sure everyone’s heard the recent attacks against David Duke since he’s been back in the country and the allegations that he has gambled away contributions from his supporters. Whether true or not, we may never know. I do know that I will continue to support him. He has been the “sacrificial lamb*’ for the White race for over 30 years, saying in public what most people dare not utter behind closed doors though they know it to be true. He has endured vicious media attacks on his character, threats on his life, invasions of his privacy... the list goes on. As a voice of truth in a politically correct world, he has written one of the best patriot books of our time, My Awakening, and continues publishing his bi-monthly David Duke Report. Please join me in continued support of this American Patriot.
COREY ORTIS Chenckbay, LA
PATRIOT ACT II I’ve seen some things before about round two of the Patriot Act, but this is the most complete, helpful information, yet The biggest problem in getting this stopped is that very few citizens understand Patriot Act I. Thus, they don’t understand the danger of a new assault on our rights. My fear is that a second attack on innocent Americans will be engineered or allowed to happen to get the knee-jerk reaction of legislators who will pass Patriot Act fl quickly and without debate. Scary stuff
SUE LAMB Jacksonville, FL
Our state executive departments have many elected officers: governor, tax assessors, sheriffs, treasurers, prosecutors, registrars and many others. In the states we’ consider this to be good government. Why was the federal executive established with only one elected officer? He is called, in
MLK Boulevard:
Black Springbreak turns savage in
This will not be news to longtime First Freedom subscribers. It's for those who are just now waking up. www.ColCC.org
City officials in Biloxi, Mississippi did not expect much from Black Springbreak. Despite predictions by event organizers that thousands of Black students would descend on the breezy Gulf Coast resort town, the weekend of April 6 approached with little fanfare. Advance ticket sales for Springbreak shows were low and hotels were not booked.
Caught unprepared, Biloxi was about to be hit by destruction equal to a hurricane. During that April 6 weekend, 20,000 young Blacks would swarm over Biloxi in an orgy of mayhem, vandalism, crime, and terror. Police were overwhelmed and eventually retreated from the savage horde. The citizens of Biloxi, many retirees, barricaded themselves in their homes and waited for the end.
The lawlessness erupted early. Massive traffic jams choked the roads and highways leading into town when Black motorists stopped to shout at each other, dance on their cars or urinate in the street. Local residents reported that Black males were masturbating in front of cars driven by horrified white females stranded in traffic.
As the teeming mob spread out into the suburbs, homeowners caught Blacks
defecating on their lawns or having sex with a whole neighborhood watching. Every major street was littered with trash. And the worst was yet to come.
By Saturday night, police had lost control of the situation. The beaches were unsafe for Whites, who stayed away in droves. White women who ventured onto the shoreline were oflen surrounded by hooting blacks and stripped of their clothes. Several were raped. Yet Rip Daniels, a local Black radio host, celebrated theevent with live shows broadcast wherever the crowd was rowdiest.
The crime wave that engulfed Biloxi finally resulted in the police shooting one of the troublesome visitors. Monday morning, the local press and city leaden were in a frenzy to minimize the damage caused by Black Springbreak. No tourists come to the Gulf Coast to be raped, robbed, and beaten.
Delusions, Rationalizations, and Spin Control
The big question facing Biloxi is: “What about this year?” Acting as if the rampage had been a partial success as a tourist attraction, business and community leaders offered unconvincing suggestions to prepare for a yearly onslaught of Black pillage. A town meeting was called to address some of the obvious problems.
Indifferent to the anger and fear Black Springbreak incited among Whites, local
.	IMEDf A MEMORY
KlIOXI	LAPSE 1
U11UA1	 I_______
Black leaders sulked when Biloxi Whites failed to respond to calls for unity.
“This was supposed to be a town meeting, and I’m disturbed by the lack of diversity here,” noted Kathy Egland, president of the Gulfport branch of the NAACP. “If we can’t get together and dialogue, we’re headed for serious trouble.”
Meanwhile, local journalists rushed en masse to psychologists and academics in a desperate search for a convenient and palliative explanation for the rampage. More importantly, the liberal establishment scavenged about for a situational ethic to fit the crime.
The entire Black Springbreak disaster was termed a perceptual problem and a clash of “alternate realities ” White people, who at best had their property used for a toilet, were suffering from “selective memory.”
“There were people who saw pieces of (Black Springbreak),” according to Dr. David Hargrove of the University of Mississippi Psychology Department. “There were people who saw Sodom and Gomorrah, and people who didn’t see anything. Was it Sodom and Gomorrah? And what does that mean to someone from the First Baptist Church in Pass Christian? The truth is somewhere lost in those perceptions. People tend to see what they want to see and evaluate it the way they want to evaluate it.”
addition to “president,” “commander in chief of the armed forces.” This was one of the titles of the caesar - in Latin, “imperator,” which of course came into English as “emperor ” In the states, the elected officers’ duty is not to obey the governor or the county executive. Each one's duty is to obey the constitution and the laws that apply to their offices. Why was this not done in the federal government? The entire officialdom of the executive department is appointed by the president (and confirmed by the senate), so their allegiance is to the president.
waymark 1 @juno.coin
DEALING TO THE BOTTOM
The Russians want 85 million for the space shuttle program and they have a UN Security Council veto. So, Bush gives them 85 mil and they agree to abstain from the security council vote. The Turks are paid off with six billion. They don’t have a vote, are just part of NATO and the northern staging ground for attacking Iraq. So, with what will the U.S. buy off the Chinese? I know, it is already happening: introduce a police state here, an American aviation system that copies the Chinese. I have gotten real tired of the CNN (Communist News Network) and similar ilk.
JAMES STAUFENBERG Tucson, AZ
I have been to the U.S. a number of times and was very impressed with the friendliness of the White population. But let me tell you why I spoke of the U.S. being a bully. My homeland was destroyed twice and is still occupied by the U.S. Military, but Germany is only one of several dozen countries having had the same treatment Iraq is about to get hit a second time as well. How many Japanese, Vietnamese, Koreans, etc., etc., had quiet little grins on their faces after 9-11? Yes 1 know/ Most Americans did not vote for GW. But you are responsible for him. We Germans have been told a zillion times we should have gotten rid of Adolf Hitler. But at least he had over 90% of the popular vote. Hitler wanted those people out of our country, the ones that are now ordering your country around, and 1 mean the international Jewish bankers who own your Greenback. Now its up to you to get rid of those who are manipulating your country into war once again! The U.S.A. may get pulsed.
PAUL
Sydney, Australia
Kathy Egland, president of the Gulfport NAACP: “If we can't get together and dialogue, we’re headed for serious trouble."
And for those misguided Whites who interpreted Black Springbreak in racial terms, cognitive psychologist Dr. Patricia O'Neill provides a dose of psycho-babble: “What is telling them to do that is their own set of life experiences...People tend to ignore information which disconfirms what they are already believing.”
Unable to grasp alternate realities or to overcome their cognitive dissonance, Whites must confront the mess left behind by an unwanted flood of black miscreants.
However, Tana Whitfield, who participated in Black Springbreak, rejected any condemnation of the event Instead, she produced a list of demands for this year “All I can say about next year is you better have trash cans and port-a-lets ready. My generation is different from the last generation. If you tell us we can’t come, you best believe we're going to come.” Recently, the mayor of Biloxi ordered the Confederate Battle Flag removed from all public properties and replaced with the obscure First National Confederate banner. Before the Battle Flags came down, the Black hordes showed little interest in swarming into Biloxi. The mayor and city officials should take note that the Battle Flag apparently prevents a plague of lawlessness.
— Recovering what’s ours —
April is Confederate History and Heritage Month
PRATTVILLE - Mark your calendar! April 5,2003 in honoring our ancestors the Sons of Confederate Veterans Prattville Dragoons Camp 1524 is joining forces with Montgomery's Captain Henry C. Semple Camp 2002 to launch Confederate Heritage Month with day-long activities in Prattville and Montgomery. Make plans now to support and attend these-events. If you are a reenactor or have period dress, come as an active participant. Contact Dragoons member Tyrone Crowley at 365-4713 (tcrowley@hiwaay.net) or Semple Camp member John Reynolds at 269-6470 (Johnreynolds6@cs.com) for
more information. Here is the schedule for April 5th: 10:00 am at 4th & Washington, Prattville: Dedication Ceremony for the new Prattville Dragoons monument. This will include a reenactment of the Prattville Dragoons flag presentation and gun salute. The scheduled speaker is SCV Alabama Division Commander David Allen.
The event is open and free to the public. Then at 2:30 PM we gather at nearby Old Oakwood Cemetery, 829 Columbus Street, in Montgomery to honor our Confederate Soldiers buried there. Scheduled speakers include Commissioner George Wallace, Jr., former State Representative Bob
McKee, and Commander David Allen, in addition to music and cannon and musket salutes to the soldiers. Earlier in the day, members of the Cradle of the Confederacy Chapter of the Children of the Confederacy will place a small flag at the base of each of the approximately 800 graves located in the Confederate section of the cemetery. Sponsored by Captain Henry C. Semple Camp 2002, this event is open and free to the public. Please pass this message along to your friends and compatriots. Thanks.
John Reynolds, Adjutant Henry C. Semple Camp Montgomery, Alabama
The second annual Confederate History
and
Heritage Celebration
Wctumpka. Alabama ~ Starts 9:00am. April 12, 2003 at the First Presbyterian Church, ends at Goldstar Park with more speakers, music and good ol’ Southern fellowship. Please come and show your Southern pride. Flags welcome and encouraged. Info: Gwen Sides at (334) 567-9912, Mike Whorton (334) 514-1988 or Lynn Goodman (334) 567-8511.
“The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.”
- President Jefferson Davis
Terminal Phase
Out of a deep and distant past, in present light of day, we venture to uncertain future come what may.
And our season's argument reaches as a chain from the premise a posteriori to it's a priori farthest contention. Depending on the current equation’s truth, each predicate link yields reliability by degrees when the plan necessarily invokes speculation. For any new beginning that summons accounts fading into antiquity and beyond obviously poses claims correspondingly less certain in the other direction. If one can decipher its meaning, the surest reality is here and now. The ultimate answer (listen up, new world orderlies!) isn’t within your grasp.
So let us avoid folly, advise our choices with wisdom, and structure the formula so as to discover some plausible answer even if but initial conjecture, future-oriented and not proclaimed final; which indicates branching today’s individual possibilities in however many hypotheses required to satisfy all factors; only then deciding the likeliest linear projection. Remember how that computer spit out the total sum of peas as 9,223,372,036,854,775,808 after a few keystrokes? So might other considerations be exponentially triad to any useful power; or fractionalized without limit, the key word being: “useful.”
The Romans having had no practical need for figuring in millions, their highest common numbers were milia, thousands, from which our word mile (milia passu =
1,000s of paces). In a time of conquest and dictated order, as with every empire the Caesars actually branched only backward. Pax Romana became exported as “the final solution.” along those same roads bringing home the gold. Their taxpaying barbarian subjects, lacking an alphabet to begin with and ruled from abroad, required even less of processed information. Any ideas about alternate formulae became thought crimes, and in the imperial city itself, from which unruly poets got banished.
Yet many academics remain enamored of central planning today. What a paradox! Historians especially, one might expect, could learn from history.
With the empire’s decline and printing’s arrival, it would have proven “useful” to calculate, by linear analogy, the parallel steps through which a.) Egypt had given Rome her papyrus made from Nile sedge, b.) Pergamum introduced the monasteries to parchment, c.) India and China supplied the Saracens their mulberry paper, and d.) hornets continued building strong paper nests as throughout the ages. Was a ruling authority necessary to any of this? Yes, but of another genus than Augustus and such divines might understand. And that same providence moves us ever forward, with vellums, silicon paper and keyboards awaiting our formula, while Roma fait.
Following the freedoms and exchanges this growing mass of printed information had enabled, a somewhat less perfidious Pax Britannia emerged; and, when modern papermaking arrived during the first half of the nineteenth century—in America, where else? — its usefulness to informed electors became immediately apparent with the birthing of daily newspapers all across the land. By publishing political gambits that otherwise might evade such restraints as
By Olaf Childress
the states had built into their constitution and amending any fissures in its walls on which the media spotlight should fall, a vigilant citizenry hoped to contain that same, dull-witted imperialism;
But, little they suspected how organized power-seekers would control most of their printing houses within a century! Now we see that it comes down to Jefferson’s lucid equation at all times: freedom = vigilance.
Today’s citizens whose motives are pure will not feign ignorance of what’s only too plainly visible. Retaking the public forum is of utmost urgency. Gathered there, let us preach and pledge obedience to such laws as exist independently of human will at all times, redeem our unlawfully trampled heritage, order this monster back into the compound and cut down on its rations.
No individual should be allowed to hide his crimes behind a corporate facade. By incarcerating government as the only such protected species, in making every media and railroad baron personally responsible, we’ll prevent those white-collar gangsters from confiscating the profits of our labors. Holding elected officials to such standards as suffered by the public at large indicates less work for lawyers, true enough, so the latter might help me with this next equation while seeking better employment.
A coin’s two faces can be said to signify the duality that’s present in all creatures; and freedom means resolving which side to show, rather than waiting to be flipped an assigned role. Heads one chooses, tails he loses? No, not necessarily. Even the best among us admits his imperfect nature, an inescapable share of tails when struggling heartily to come up heads each time. And the worst, if decidedly so, remains haunted by that spark of divinity within, only death curing his something-for-nothing illusions. It’s a challenge.
So let us labor and, within this perfect law, rightly analyze each problem as no more than an intermediate growth step. Buckle up, those who wish; for we’re getting on to wherever bound.
But, Buckle your seatbelts, it s the law! is a flippant edict, nothing more. If we’ve paid for those unordered devices, however, may as well use them on this trip into the future. An unending inquiry of ontological nature promises your life view will never again be harnessed by the fictions of lesser gods too self-oriented to be governed by the same rules they would impose on the rest of us. We heritage redemptors must repudiate government-ordered seatbelts, of course, along with racial miscegenation dictated by hypocrites whose “laws” apply to everybody except themselves.
Seatbelts fastened? Here we go! And, since this inquiry (albeit speculation) calls to witness nothing more than certain known circumstances plus human nature, our treatise on doctrine begs only the same forbearance that an admittedly imperfect South has shown toward a Puritanical North’s battle hymn of history.
Imagine yourself a Jew in (not yet so called) first century Rome. It’s the same superpower city-state which has laid waste your own proud heritage. But not only the land of Abraham feels this Roman boot in the ascendancy of the latter’s gods; with even great Pan dead, further lessening the
Doing the
credibility of all Grecian deities, making matters worse as despair hangs heavy over the provinces of defeated Asia and Greece, the new capitol of the world is becoming obscenely degenerate.
Deciding upon vengeance requires but little deliberation. Yet the delicacy of your position calls for that eastern cunning so ofien having provoked the martial zealots trampling everybody underfoot, bringing bloody repression to the Hebrews. Artifice again will inflict maximum confusion; and this time the empire’s rage will oppose its own! What sweeter revenge than drawing Rome’s ignorant plebeians into a rebellion against their increasingly arrogant rulers?
The Grecian passing of the gods renders many commoners, even here, looking for a new doctrine. One can easily arouse such doubts to serious mischief. You need only seize upon a plan of action, devise some covenant that unifies them, and provoke the mutiny which confers dignity to your lieutenants. This plot must drive a wedge between the Roman generals and official gods on one hand, and induct disaffected proletarians into an uncompromising faith on the other.
Subverting an entire culture will require stealth: lending the money supply toward useful arts, sports, entertainments; fixing goals and timetables; distorting the news; dividing and conquering the older values; and, most importantly, indoctrinating the children.
In certain eastern provinces, the Persian god Mithra has already replaced Roman deities to some extent lately, proving that such susceptibility exists. So you catalog these plebeian longings, offer them a new religion, one that pacifies frustrations with the current political climate, a conspiracy of faith yet whose unsuspected true aim is the undoing of an empire; never revealing the whence of that subversion, indirectly answering each attempt at silencing it by funding any and everyone ready to spread disinformation.
If reconstructing the Roman gods of mythology were an act of charity rather than hate, you might invoke the dogma of your own race - or such wisdom as guides every formula toward its truth. For the self-evident law of all times and places eliminate^what cannot subsist alongside the latest discoveries, reinvigorating with hope of spring that which survives winter’s despair.
Had this effort been confined to guiding the rituals of these people away from myth and toward reverence for, celebration of, the divine mystery manifest in natural law, your preachers could have performed an invaluable service. For it’s clear that “great Pan” in mere superhuman guise had been imagined into existence as a useful altar upon which his common multitude might worship the same God as do all religions. But serving Rome is not your goal.
It’s an age of monumental actions, not subtleties. The art of propaganda does not exist here; whatever codex you draw up must fix its roots in historical accounts. Embellishment will be the most you can expect from such acolytes.
Yet these same, plain-speaking habits to which the locals are accustomed could nudge a new doctrine into prominence.
\seful thing
Messiahs have sprung forth continually in the crushed and confused homeland lately; thus, originating the essential story should be no great task if you can induct some slightly more sophisticated editing than is available among such potential converts. Who will help push the agenda of linking isolated claims, letters and legends to the established facts? Might one summon his expatriate brethren? (Does the sun rise in the cast?)
Socrates as your central figure reflects a shrewd appreciation of that philosopher’s undeniably demonstrated faith in the higher power; and, since his near equally great race suffers at present under the same yoke as Yahweh’s chosen people, what better choice to avenge both states? Revive the Greek lecturer, even 400 years after the fact, with a Jewish name!
When Socrates forfeited his life rather than renounce the supernatural lawgiver, Athens was just about exhausted of men and resources after twenty-seven years of war with victorious Peloponnesian Sparta. Under political reconstruction, the voters had been ruled by thirty scalawags turned Spartan collaborators and assigned to erase what remained of democracy. Disgusted with such meddlesome opportunists, the people upon regaining their breath were now shouting in unison: “Throw the bums out!”
But a once radiant Athenian democracy was to be no more. Reinstated in form only, by a people who couldn’t trust and confide in each other as before, that city-state needed someone to blame its misfortunes on. Pedants were everywhere introducing children to new sciences and theories, all such secular arts doubting the rituals of old while offering no further equation in search of God, nor bothering to consider that at no time had there ever existed a free society lacking religious worship.
The stonecutter Socrates, apart from those teachers, had never charged a single drachma for the opinions which he freely dispensed in public places while ridiculing the moneychangers, artisans, politicians and poets, challenging one and all to prove their reputed wisdom in open debate with him. Such an intolerable man finally got hauled into court charged with instructing atheism. Appearing before that tribunal, this discerning individual steadfastly held to his every conviction, never doubting he was guided by a supernatural power. His own religious convictions in fact proving stronger than the accusers' defenses of their putatively offended gods became his undoing.
As Socrates stood there testifying the messianic charge given him in his youth by the oracle - to go around examining men, exhorting them to seek fidelity and know that all evil proceeds from false wisdom while only good from truth - the accusers realized he must die, else their own powers would be nil. Athens, he informed those 501 jurors, was a proud and complacent horse; himself the gadfly sent to oblige its self-examination. As he would not recant a single word of his teachings or declarauon on pain of death, they ordered that penalty.
With his twelve disciples gathered about in the cell on execution day, this messiah’s final sermon was recorded.