ORDER TEN. ONE-YEAR GIFT SUBSCRIPTIONS NOW BEFORE CHRISTMAS FOR SIOO. SAVE S20! INFORM YOUR FRIENDS! SUPPORT THE CAUSE!
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.'*
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 2 Number 11
http://www gul ft cl .com/homc free/
November 2000
SI.00
44
Friends of the Flag” begin economic boycott of Mobile
By Ben F. George Jr., d.vm.
On August 1st in a secret, backroom, pre-council City of Mobile meeting, it was decided to remove the Confederate Flag from the municipal shield and from all places displayed. The entire city council had been on record as intending no change, but at the last minute two members, Mabin Hicks and Charles Waller, changed their minds, bringing another dose of political correctness to our historic Southern city.
At that meeting about ten spoke against the change, including myself. The turnout was low because of the announced voting intentions - and due to the fact that most working folks were too busy to attend.
I presented a petition with more than 1500 signatures collected by twelve people | the weekend preceding their vote, relating that over 80 percent of those asked signed, including at least 50 percent of the black | folks. Many who had no great affection for the flag felt it was an issue the city should j not have brought up.
I promised these “Friends of the Flag" would begin an economic boycott of the city, that our numbers would grow and set an example: another reason for the outside areas not to be annexed into Mobile. By the time our drive ended, petitions exceeded 6,000. We're asking all opposed to the city's revising of history to do two things.
■	Call the Mobile City Council office at 334-208-7441 and politely tell them you will be reducing your spending in Mobile.
■	Do not curtail visiting those small
A GROWING POLICE STATE:
business people with whom you have a personal relationship. That would be rude and not a Southern trait. But stop spending on gas, hardware, eating, entertainment, and other things of a “corporate" nature which could be done in Theodore, Eastern Shore, Saraland, and out in West Mobile.
Remember that every hundred dollars spent in Mobile sends four dollars to those arrogant rulers downtown to help pay for such things as a flag change. In Mobile's police jurisdiction, two dollars of every hundred will go into their pockets.
The boycott is working! August sales tax revenue was down five percent from a year ago while Mobile County showed a slight increase (county figures were only released Oct 1). Mobile's Bayfest showed a ten percent decline, with initial estimates
much lower. The weather was good, bands and advertising exceeded the year before, and Alabama Football had an off weekend leaving the city to ponder what, if not the boycott, caused this. Prince Johnson's and King Dow's ministers may have stayed up late looking for other plausible reasons.
Hopefully our efforts will continue to be successful. So far, the only failure has been of community leaders to listen, much less address these problems that concern so many. The book of Daniel 5:20 says, “But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him." Let them note our voices and deeds or surely they'll listen to our votes.
The good news is that recently I have been asked by certain council members
Who are we?
John Kennedy thought we might vanish when he said to his lackey, “Find out what those people want!" We ‘re the citizens and small businesses that want to be left alone. And The First Freedom is one voice in that majority which doesn't need government answers for government-created problems. We will not vanish. Like it or not, big brother, you'll hear from us. You take a walk. We are the letter writers turned away by the establishment press, patriotic organizations fighting to preserve our heritage and way of life. We are Mobile's March Against Crime, the Sons of Confederate Veterans, Alabama's Tyranny Response Team (www.angelfire.com/AL3/TRTeam) and Friends of the Flag. We are Dan Daniels and Kelly McGinley of "Retaking America" (noon daily on radio 1360 am). We're John Fender of Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County, Tom Smith of “National Debt and the New World Order” (www.nationaldcbt.com). Dr. Mike Hill of the League of the South (www.dixienct.org), writers Dr. Ben George, Nick Jongebloed, Mildred Laurendine, Mablc Lloyd, and Elwin Rozyskie.	-	www.gulftel.com/homeffee
Organized confusion at the hokey corral
Summoned to Bay Minette Court at 9:00 AM September 22, he arrived to observe the proceedings of a mass arraignment
I obtained a copy of the simple docket
list by name. Of the 150 persons thereon, 44 were Health Violation Regulation, Solid Waste 22-27-L Code of Alabama, 1975. This section , ■ gives the solid
By John Fender waste officer
power to summon any person, household, business, industry or property owner who has not subscribed to nor paid the charges for collection and disposal of solid waste, and the delinquent is to appear before said solid waste officer within ten days at the courthouse.
Failure by that official to adhere to the law is conveniently overlooked, but for me to do the same calls up an arrest warrant. This seems the norm in Baldwin County. I have been harassed about mandatory rural area garbage pickup since August, 1994.
The latest demand is for attention inside of 30 days, with action to follow “within three or four days" thereafter - “should no solution be reached." I received that stinky little letter September 20, 1999. This is more of “You jump when I say so!" strong-arm tactics by our county officials.
Returning to the hearing: At 8:55 am all present received instructions to gather at a door in the far corner of the courtroom. Expecting invitations into an adjoining room, we were told to wait there. With not enough seats to go around, most remained standing. Then one at a time we got called
in, interrogated as to whether guilty or not guilty of failure to comply with the order to produce weekly garbage and pay the county solid waste department for its pickup. Next, we were supposed to go out, sit in the courtroom and wait for the judge to call us; which we could have done to start with. I find this just another means of official harassment.
As that piece of intimidation “justice" was going on. Judge Mattingly, making her voice dear for all to hear, said, “This docket contains way too many cases," and, ‘Why was I not notified?"
After my turn in the interrogation room, having stated my desires, I was back in the courtroom observing. It is now 9:30 am. The judge has called several unrelated cases to be heard. Then she tells all summoned to this garbage hearing that the files for the rest of the cases have been lost, and so court would be adjourned until they were found.
It is now 10:00 AM. Some have gone for a smoke, others liked the hallway better than the courtroom, some just went. The man who had been pounding on the door across the hall kept right on pounding. I sat where I was and observed.
At 10:30 the clerk returned and called all those having pleaded not guilty of health violations in the interrogation room to please come forward. As a group we complied, and were handed a paper telling us to come back November 9, 2000 for trial. Now it seems to me the court could have simply mailed that notice on Sept. 1 instead of sending a deputy with summons to appear here today. The cost to taxpayers for this whole charade of kneejerk justice could have paid everybody's garbage fee for a year. And, to think, it has only just started.
It's interesting to note that the trial date has been set for two days past the elections:
November 9, 2000. Some may wind up in front of a lame duck official taking his or her misfortune out on us defendants. Isn't that a lovely prospect? All in all, pretty much a wasted day, but entertaining. More later.	□
Right of referendum
John Fender is an officer of Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County, which organization was incorporated in 1994 to fight this mafia-like takeover of the landfill and its closure to private haulers. Would you like to see "The Magnificent Seven" brought down a peg, made to call for a referendum now and then, and heed the will of rural area voters affected by their garbage mandate? Then be at that Bay Minette courthouse trial which is 1:00 pm November 9, 2000. In the meantime, tie a bright red ribbon on the old garbage can.
Did you know..
■	that Lenin told a Geneva gathering in 1922: “When the time comes for us to hang the capitalists, they will compete with each other for the profits of selling us the rope"?
■	that President Clinton's OK for selling sophisticated guidance systems to China may tie the knot in that noose? Sanctions against such transfer had been opposed by Secretary of State Warren Christopher but, favoring “campaign contributor" Johnny Chung plus rope sellers Hughes Electronics and Loral Space and Communications, Slick shifted State's control of economic injunctions to Commerce Secretary Ron Brown. Investigations of Brown's deals with the Chicoms and Israelis were getting underway when, under a clear blue sky, his plane mysteriously hit a mountainside.
■	that Senators Shelby and Sessions both voted to grant Communist China PNTR?
what it is that people calling themselves Friends of the Flag want. My answer Our community is often said to be one of great ethnic diversity, and I agree. There are many cultures in Mobile. The American culture is number one, of course. Number two in most people's opinion would be the Southern culture. We have Greek Fest in Mobile, Columbus Day, Black History Month and Saint Patrick's Day. It is deeply wrong, intolerant, unchristian, downright impolite to seek to diminish the culture of any group. This must include Southerners.
A very liberal black columnist, Leonard Pitts, recently formulated that, “No one should be hated or demeaned because of their race, religion, sexual orientation or culture." What the Friends of the Flag want is for our local leaders to simply repeat Mr. Pitts’ statement and show by their actions that this includes those of us who are proud to call ourselves Southerners. If they do this, of course it would mean leaving our flag on the city shield and flying it on city property. Only then can we approach the place of mutual respect so many preach. Until we respect the diversity of everyone, we cannot practice that kind of unity.
A first politician has stepped forward to answer our call: Mike Dean, running for Mobile County Commission from District Three. He has promised to lead by asking for tolerance of all groups, including those Southerners who treasure the memories of their ancestors. I urge all to give this good man your support and find him votes.
Let me ask again that everyone answer this call to honor the memory of those long gone who gave their lives for country and constitution. Reduce spending in Mobile. Dial 334-208-7441 and tell the Mobile Council you won't forget, and will not be subsidizing attempts to erase the honor of the South. Be confident that the truth will win out, and have a life brimming over with Dixie Days!	□
More Garbage Police
By Opal Boutwell Glass
The editorial writer for that Oct. 6,2000 Mobile Register article, “The power to pick up," missed out on a few facts:
■	The unincorporated areas of Baldwin County had no knowledge of the intended mandate for garbage pickup! The only meeting held before emplacement was at the Robertsdale Town Hall. We learned of this after the fact. I have found no one who was aware of it at the time.
■	More than 20,000 residents were using private garbage pickup currently.
■	Much later, we were told this was in order to remove two places being used as dumps. Now there are more than ever.
(See “Private hunting club." page 3)
Today’s Lesson: jw
“Voter News Service”
By Mac YaveUi

99% of the people are unaware their votes are counted by a nongovernmental branch of the mediacracy which we, its owners, i.e., ABC, AP, CBS, CNN, Fox and NBC, as a limited liability corporation, call the electronic “Voter News Service."
Not because paper ballots are outdated, slow and cumbersome: that's not why we oppose them. In 1996, Pat Buchanan got off with a bang, taking New Hampshire by storm, where they still count votes by hand. But when he hit those other states where we ‘re in charge ... *Nuf said?
2 The First Freedom November 2000
I WANT TO SEE THE FIRST FREEDOM GO TO EIGHT PAGES1 THFN | HELP BY ADVERTISING, GIVING SUBSCRIPTIONS, BEING A PATRnv CONTROVERSY AT FOLEY HIGH SCHOOL:
Students forced to read infamous trash by very dead white male
The following piece was written September 22, 2000 by a Foley High student to Nancy Danley who heads the Baldwin County School Board's book reviewing committee and can be reached at 972-6864.
By David Tetreau
Dear committee members,
I am writing to you concerning the book Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. It is my understanding that this novel is up for review, so it occurred to me as a student who was required to read it in the Eleventh Grade AP English course to write a first person account. In this letter. I'll do my best to give the committee a better understanding of the views of my classmates as well as my own on this issue. Let me assure you my letter is completely unbiased. I will present no false information. My intention is merely to present pure fact - not slander anyone's belief system, although our class’ belief system was greatly shaken and our moral foundation extremely tested.
This novel was assigned to the class on August seventeenth. Immediately with the first few chapters I was very offended by the material, the most disturbing about 18 month old babies being encouraged to play erotic games with each other (ppg. 31-33). After reading this, my opinion of the book was very low and I honestly didn't want to pick it up again. I realize I am still young, but even / couldn’t foresee having kids and sending them to school to read this sort of thing. Other students were also offended by the vulgarity of toddlers engaging in erotic play. They said they were upset by that part where babies were tortured by electric shock, explosions, and the ringing of bells to give them instinctive hatred of books and flowers (ppg. 20-21). Some said it was very weird but expressed no disdain for it. These were our first impressions of the novel.
My classmates and I began to talk amongst ourselves about how cruel the book was to the children, but as far as class discussions go stayed fairly silent because we were forew arned by the teacher in her syllabus. It stated that we would have our beliefs challenged, and not be exempt from any reading assignments just because we are offended by its content. This dissuaded us from saying a whole lot about the book at first Besides, attempts to take offense at the book were quickly assuaged by Mrs. Carroll. She just told us to try and keep an open mind about what we read and see the big picture. That's what we did until we got into more in-depth class discussions upon completion of the novel. What triggered these discussions was a letter in the Foley newspaper. The Onlooker, about Brave New World. Written by Mrs. Kathleen Stone, it informed the public of "... a book that includes pornographic descriptions, suicide, drugs, euthanasia, and refers to the Holy Bible as “smut." Class no longer now remained silent.
The First Freedom
PO Box 385, Silver hill. AL 34578-8385 Email: homefrer « gnlftd.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: John Fender, Nick Jongcblocd, Mildred Laurendine, Mablc Lloyd,
Elwin Rozyskic. Tom Smith.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send SI 2 00 for a one-yew subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bulk rates, ask for terms.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
No responsibility is assumed for unsolicited manuscripts. When submitting typewritten letters, please show address and phone number for verification. Name and locality will be printed. If return is desired, include SASE.
For the next week there was discussion after class discussion about the validity of Huxley’s novel as well as what was his real purpose in writing it. There were a few of my fellow classmates who actively spoke out against the book and it's content. Some said their opinion had changed over the course of reading the novel. Still others cried, Down with censorship! because they thought themselves sufficiently mature to handle this sort of material.
The classroom environment remained civil despite these differences of opinion. Everyone got a chance to say what they needed to say. The teacher would always challenge us on our beliefs, however. This was her job, I am guessing.
One might think the discussions would make us more firm in our beliefs, stronger, but I disagree in this case. When the class discussions first began there were students carrying Bibles to school just in case they needed to bring out a point in class that they didn’t quite know about. There was quite a debate, but by the end this class was almost unanimously siding with the teacher, the general consensus being that it
was a great book. They also said that it was written as a satire, and it's not to be taken literally. Supposedly it gave warning what might happen if society continues on its present path, much like the Bible. If the book had a warning, it was not obvious. It seemed the morality had fallen aside.
I tell you the book doesn't mention once that any of its content is wrong and all but condones it, leaving the reader to decipher between true wrong or right and what Huxley has dreamed up. Even the savage, the only character fighting for morality, ends up committing suicide at the end of the novel. A figurative passage concludes the book, which is left to be interpreted by the reader: “Slowly, very slowly, like two unhurried compass needles, the feet turned towards the right; north, northeast, east, southeast, south, south-southwest; then paused, and after a few seconds, turned as unhurriedly back towards the left. South-southwest, south, southeast, east..."
My classmates and I took this to mean that whichever way the savage turned, he couldn't find peace and happiness, or a way out. This is why he took his own life.
Might I add that nowhere does the novel state suicide is not the answer.
As far as censorship goes, I believe we all get exposed to much the same or worse sort of thing in the “real world.” However. I feel that the more of good influence, the better. It has always occurred to me that school should be a positive influence in a child's life, but it has turned into a free-for-all, anything goes, as far as curriculum is concerned. Where is the line to be drawn? Should we just plunge ourselves into some anarchical society without law and order or any moral values at all? No, and we ought not have a race of zombies running around either. As a Christian I feel God doesn't want to be a puppet master. That is why the Holy Bible is here as guideline. It is our choice as humans whether we are going to live by it or not. However, it does state right from wrong, unlike the novel Brave New World. I challenge you to choose right from wrong, and get this filth out of Foley High School! Give us literature that does not drag students through the mud.
Sincerely,
David Tetreau Q
Instructing immorality in Alabama’s schools
By Kathleen Stone
Would you be shocked if I told you that a Foley High School English class requires reading a book that includes pornographic descriptions, suicide, drugs, euthanasia, and refers to The Holy Bible as “smut”?
When my daughter came from school and told me her friend was upset because ordered to read about children having sex with each other, hoping it wasn't so I picked up the book at Foley Public Library. Brave New World, by Aldous L. Huxley, features a world where sex, copulation, erotic play, etc., are taught from age 18 months on. It describes a pornographic film, a “feely,” in great detail; and at least three orgies which are considered great
therapy. If you aren't sick already, the story ends with our hero flogging himself, his “love," and the crowd joins a massive, violent orgy. Great teen reading material!
High School is a place for learning, to nurture the mind, an institution trusted by parents and society to give children a solid education. We should not bestow on such a book the dignity of being used in class. Immoralities and reversed ethics, given classroom status, lose their abhorrence in the mind of a young person. Morals taught by parents, churches, and clubs such as the Boy Scouts are then questioned. I realize a lot depends on the teacher and her views, how she steers discussions. We have no way to monitor that, and I believe the faith
parents have imparted to their young has been seriously undermined. The next teacher may have very liberal sexual views and steer the class that way. The safest thing for Foley parents to do is get this book out of the hands of their youth.
Ms. Carroll, the teacher in question, asks why she has been singled out since a Foley Middle School teacher is using a story that deals with premarital and interracial sex.
My stepson, who is currently being treated for depression, says that in eighth grade last year he had to read a story in class that described two elderly people committing suicide rather than becoming incapable of their own care.	O
mm, a teely, in great detail; and at least how she steers discussions. We have no committing suicide ratner tnan Decoming three orgies which are considered great way to monitor that, and I believe the faith incapable of their own care.	O
Teachers may not undo values taught at home
By Janice Crochet	It	would be important to note here that told she should have many sexual partners.
As the narent of a student in the Fnlev since she has narticinated in this class and	I do not feel this is aDoroDnate matter
By Janice Crochet
As the parent of a student in the Foley class made to study this book in Advanced English, I would like to voice my concerns on Brave New World. I was alerted to its content when my 16-year-old daughter came home and said, “Mom, I don’t think I'm supposed to be reading stuff like this.”
It would be important to note here that since she has participated in this class and completed the study of this book, her mindset has been changed completely.
Quoting its content: “Orgy-porgy, Ford and fund, kiss the girls and make the One. Boys at one with girls at peace; Orgy-porgy gives release.” The character was
told she should have many sexual partners.
I do not feel this is appropriate matter for 16-year-olds in a school setting or out. As a teacher of 15 years with two college degrees, you can't tell me this is the best high school literature available. Please allow me to be on the committee to find some appropriate books for our children.Q
Fighting “Goals 2000” is a tedious “process”
By Olaf Childress When I announced on the talk show (see Dan & Kelly’s schedule, bottom of page 4) that Ms. Jennifer Carroll of Fairhope, an ‘Advanced" English teacher at Foley High School, had stirred up this controversy by requiring her class to read and discuss Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World, Dan asked, “Has that teacher been fired yet?” No, and she will not be soon shifted to some other target group, for these reasons:
■	Nobody is “responsible." Carroll found the book on her Advanced Placement List, and justifies choosing it because “Those students scoring high on this college-level course qualify for scholarships. But the book has been removed from the library on a single complaint. Still, I'm thrilled! It’s a great process. To be honest, I like this situation. Mrs. Stone's complaint violates the First Amendment. However, it will cause more, not fewer, people to read the book. She's denying information that can be beneficial if seen in the proper light..."
■	Foley High School Principal Kenneth Dinges isn’t responsible. He follows the process set by the county. After receiving a formal protest, he looks at what’s being taught; “then we have 1 $ days to conduct a hearing. No one but Mrs. Stone can come before the committee. Within another ten days wc give her our written decision. This book reviewing committee does not allow
counsel, nor additional complainants."
■ The media certainly aren’t responsible for family values, their “brave, new" ideas of what is a family challenging us with the question - Whose values?
Actual protests against the teaching of homosexuality and its related “values" in public schools are legion. Kathleen Stone just happened to be the first to file a formal writ, on behalf of her daughter, against this particular book being made mandatory. The establishment media at first dredging up a couple of letters agreeing with the teacher, afterwards got swamped by others backing Mrs. Stone.
The latter received a registered notice Sept. 30 that the hearing was set for Oct. 3 at Foley High in a small conference room. Committee Chairman Nancy Danley said the meeting was closed to the public, so Stone made her statement and that was it.
Foley High Principal Kenneth Dinges, having read Tetreau’s letter (above) and Stone's formal complaint, said he had “no opinion." He was aware that Mrs. Janice Crochet, herself a teacher at Magnolia Springs Elementary and the mother of one of those ordered to read the book, had asked Ms. Carroll to defend her subject matter at the next PTA meeting. The latter failed to show after a crowd of parents had come specially to see her. School Principal Dinges, having asked all teachers to be at
that meeting, when the gathered parents sent a student to summon him also refused to come and speak with them.
“The process," Dinges said later, is that “a complaint has to be filed with the county Board of Education president, Anthony Kaiser. Then we must form a reviewing committee. This one contains two parents, a teacher, the librarian and principal: five votes plus Chairman Nancy Danley sitting in." Only Mrs. Stone was to be heard, Danley assuring there would be no hostile environment but saying they had come up with “something else” in their research.
So did Kathleen Stone. At her request. Governor Siegelman assigned Mr. James Nuckles. Alabama Board of Education, to explore this matter. His number is 334-242-8444. Mrs. Crochet (see article above) was denied a seat with the review group consisting of Mrs. Cherry Peek, Mr. Alan Edwards. Mrs. Lolly Hoik, Mr. David Lawrenz and Principal Dinges, which on Oct. 10 notified Mrs. Stone “The committee has decided to retain the novel in the curriculum and on the library shelves..."
So, what’s the answer? Get your kids out of this deplorable situation? That’s one option. Can’t afford a private academy? Check home schooling at I -800-346-6322. or write Home Life, Inc., P.O. Box 1190, Fenton, Missouri 63026-1190 (email www.home-school.com).	□
November 2000 The First Freedom 3
The Constitution of the United States
Part Eighteen Of a Series
Amendment V.* No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
JBy Tom Smith ||Of course we have learned the Israelis canceled their deal to sell U.S. AWACS technology (Airborne Warning radar and fighter plane Control System) to Communist China. Mr. Clinton had objected when they decided to sell the system, after installing it in a Boeing 707 Airframe in violation of a specific U.S. law. Clinton, having known of the Israeli activity on this project for four years, had done nothing to stop it until public opinion got too strong in opposition.
There are some other interesting items regarding the Israelis. In 1996 during the I "unrest" in the Middle East, that state asked Congress quietly for a law to forbid U.S. Satellites taking pictures over Israel. Naturally, Congress promptly complied;j they can't live without Israeli PAC money.! Perhaps the Israelis did not want pictures taken because they were trying to peddle some advanced technology from the U.S. and Israeli jointly-financed fighter plane based upon our F-16, or the Advanced Fighter Plane program also financed by combined Israeli/U.S. money. Americans provided $ 1.3 billion in development costs and absorbed $400 million for cancellation of the first program, and spent $1.8 billion for the Advanced Fighter.
Since 1959 we have donated $3 billion per year to Israel under foreign aid. Even with all of that U.S. assistance, our "ally" attempts, and succeeds in most instances, selling advanced American technology to our potential enemies. If we were giving this kind of assistance to the Vatican, or to
“String of pearls”
By Elwin Rozyskie
Mayor Mike Dow's announcement and Council President Johnson's support of a tentative 214% city employee pay hike plus the vague promise of a 2!4% COLA could not have occurred at a worse time for them, as Mobile County employees and those in bankrupt Pritchard are getting a 5% boost. Regarding the paltry sum Dow proposed as an affront, one Mobile worker offered the council and mayor envelopes containing a dollar to illustrate his after-tax pay raise. This infuriated Johnson, who upbraided the man for his arrogance. A sermon by Councilman Richardson followed, stating that workers who really wanted better pay should get an education as he had done.
After Messrs. Johnson and Richardson had finished setting labor relations back 20 years, Councilwoman Bess Rich read her
(Continued from page I)
■	After the hue and cry of foul, two B.C. Commissioners held a few meetings across the county to tell us if we did not comply a lien would be placed against our property!
■	The B.C. Commission next gave Waste Management (WM), which then could find but 22,000 houses, an exclusive contract.
■	They paid over $350,000 for bringing in health people to enforce the mandate to no avail, gave contracts to environmentalists to operate Magnolia Landfill and enforce compliance, and purchased 20 landlocked acres for future use.
■	A year later the commission decided to buy out those contracts, no one knowing the cost. The reason given, WM wanted to go up on their fees, and there was a scandal of misuse and abuse by landfill personnel.
process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
Amendment VI. In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against
improve the arms of the Irish so as to drive the Protestants out of Northern Ireland, would our Jewish population take so kindly to that kind of foreign aid?
Well, I want you to know that not all of America's Jewish citizens approve of this relationship, some very prominent men of that race and religion having spoken out against it. They understand our longtime motto: "Millions for defense; not one cent
reasons for opposing the revised budget into the record. Mayor Dow's reply could only be summarized as telling Ms. Richj she did not understand city operations. A rubber-stamp acceptance vote followed, with only Ms. Rich demurring as usual.
Requiring a half-dozen calls and two trips to city hall, a copy of the new Mobile budget was finally obtained by this writer. Described as a "wing and a prayer" by Clinton Johnson, after many days of hard work by Mayor Dow's expert team “turning over rocks" looking for savings, the document was the original budget with this unsigned, plain sheet of paper attached:
Council Changes to Mayor's Proposed Budget (General Fund)
I.	50 percent reduction for travel
II.	5 percent reduction in Operating and Office Supplies
Next the county spent millions to get the equipment for conducting garbage pickup.
■	Pretty soon the county raised garbage fees, then bought a large adjoining tract after having told us Magnolia Landfill would handle Baldwin's waste for 99 years. Why those two purchases?
■	People hired for operating Magnolia Landfill used county property, equipment, labor and materials to build a private hunting club! Allegations are, that some of the commissioners were aware of the fact. Those employees received a very light tap on the wrist, got fined a few dollars, and are still on the job. Why?!
■	The saddest aspect of this boondoggle is District Attorney David Whetstone's not only coercing people to comply with the mandate, but bending over backwards to
him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
Amendment VII. In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fuel tried by a jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law. □
*Thc first ten Amendments (Hill of Rights) were ratified effective December 15, 1791,
a chosen religion
for tribute."
I think it's time once again to make that the basis of our foreign policy, not just for Israel and the United Nations, but toward all countries.
Catholics take up an annual collection in support of the Vatican; therefore, I suggest Jewish citizens follow the same example for Israel if they are so inclined, otherwise stop using our tax dollars.	□
III.	Eliminate General Fund Equipment
IV.	Freeze sworn officers at 525
V.	50 percent reduction in discretionary funds in Capital Improvements Budget and transfer to General Fund
VI .Transfer $500,000 from Motor Pool to General Fund
VII.	Add 2.5 percent COLA raise for all employees, including City Museum and Library
VIII.	Add COLA raise for all eligible retirees
IX.	Eliminate the SI00.000 appropriation for the Homeless Shelter under ‘Agencies,' and reduce the transfer from the Strategic Plan by $100,000
X.	Individual contractual amounts are to
be determined and approved at a later date at the sole discretion of the City Council	□
attorney’s respect
prosecute Mr. Olaf Childress and Mr. Hilo Middleton, who I believe have disposed of their household trash in a safe and legal way, while the papers report him saying a few dollars penalty for those building the hunting club was adequate! That's justice?
Having used private garbage haulers for years before this takeover and as an elderly widow, like others 1 did not want the B.C. Commission seizing my home. Many feel as I do. We were forced to use the county in place of private enterprise, which any sane person knows gives better service than the government and at a lower price.
The unincorporated in Baldwin County, heavily taxed and without representation, want to know where all our legislators are when this is done to honest, hardworking taxpayers! What kind of justice???	□
a different slant on the news
Here’s what wiin Ignored or mltreporled elsewhere
ALABAMA REFORM PARTY WINS.
"Friends” of the Democratic Party in late August hired the Dcm's own attorney to sue the Reform Party of Alabama and its chairman. Bob Belcher, to get a permanent injunction which would result in removing from the ballot nine candidates nominated by the Reform Party in June. They alleged the Reform Party was required to nominate its candidates before April 6th, yet could wait until July 3rd to turn in its nomination paperwork, as if they needed three months to find the location of the Secretary of State’s office and submit those nomination papers. After approximately 16 hours of trial in Circuit Court Montgomery, the judge ruled on Friday afternoon, October 13th in favor of the Reform Party.
OUT OF BALANCE. NASA Scientist James Hansen's study several years ago on "global warming" was the basis for the Kyoto recommendations on cutting C02 emissions as the "remedy." Now Mr. Hansen says he was wrong in that former study. You may not read his meu culpa in the local papers, nor see it in any of the "u.n.” papers on the Millennium Meeting, nor will you be reminded that Hansen was the featured scientist in Al Gore’s book. The Earth in Balance.
LOADED QUESTION. "What do you think of the controversy involving a book being removed from the library shelves of a school after one complaint?" griped the Robertsdale Independent. A more concise wording might have been, but wasn't: "Do you agree with Kathleen Stone of Elberta that Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, its orgies, its pornography, suicide, drugs, euthanasia. sex between small children, brainwashing, promiscuity, woman hitting, Bible bashing, and vulgar 'literature' does not belong in the classroom?" Obliged to print Stone's letter that this was unfit for school children (but not preaching what the public might read), the newspaper came up with two letters in praise o/ Huxley on the very same page! Back in the seventies, when Mr. Glen Martz retired from the wire services to found The Independent, that’s what it was. Now, it's merely one of nearly a dozen Baldwin County papers in bed with the same fistful of money, and infected by an idea whose time has come and gone.
MASS ARRAIGNMENT MISSED. The "Independent" and the “Mobile Mullet Wrapper." both having juggled all the facts on that mandatory garbage fiasco beyond recognition, didn't notice when 150 persons were hauled into the same Bay Minette courtroom Sept. 22, 2000, 44 of them charged with refusing to pay rural garbage pickup they hadn't ordered nor received - along with solid waste personnel and their friends who enjoyed garbage pickup w ithout being billed, and landfill officers using prison laborers to build themselves a private hunting club on public lands purchased for a future dump, plus other crimes. (Rushed into the "interrogation room" and back out, this top brass continues preying on the public.)
IGNORANCE. PLAIN IGNORANCE. When Baldwin County jumped its tax on a pack of cigarettes from 2t to 10c. aiming to divide an increase of SI. 156.620 among Dawn House. Wilderness and other feelgood programs, the projected fantasy failed to consider that smokers will likely purchase from out of state or black market. And why shouldn t the consumer avoid a tax that ignores the Alabama Constitution? Article 4 forbids this tax. "The legislature shall not have power to authorize any county, city, town, or other subdivision of this state to lend its credit, or to grant public money or thing of value in aid of, or to any individual, association, or corporation whatsoever, or to become a stockholder in any such corporation .. .'*
Let us stop paying taxes to promote
Private hunting club chiefs get district
Receiving her Tyranny Response Team cap from Alabama TRTcam Captain Phil Morgan of Foley is Reform Party Vice-Presidential Candidate Ezola Foster at the Crossroads Baptist Church in Pensacola. She’s number two in Buchanan Brigades.
hangs on Mayor Dow like a noose
4 The First Freedom November 2000

Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
ODE TO JUDGE ROY S. MOORE Ken:
Please see some of our past articles at http://www.gulftel.com/homefree/ or at least the Confederate Flag story. This P.M. I’m at the third flag demo of the past few weeks by Council of Conservative Citizens officer Tim Meadows of Bayou LaBatre. If your Gospel groups at the Hackneyville Battle Reenactments next weekend want to sing "Ode to Judge Roy S. Moore** (from reader Beverly Jo Jones, lyrics attached), its music is the old Irish melody copied by "Oh, Danny Boy** and "Londonderry Aire” - so there's no problem using that score, and I'm the songwriter's agent. For Dixie!
OLAF CHILDRESS
Olaf,
The song is great! I will do my best to have someone sing it. If I can't get anyone to sing it. I'll read it after a brief history of the incident This will be a fine addition to our program. If you have other information that I could include, please send it Thanks again for the use of this great song. FSI,
KEN McGHEE Hackneyville
CHAIN-LINK FENCE
Today there is much talk about freedom, but most government actions forge new chain links of slavery. Today we have King
Terminal Phase
Let us examine that plotting which has lately interfered with America’s once free choice and natural distribution, terms now corrupted, ascribed new meanings; and beg those worthy of liberty to challenge this mediacracy's self-assigned office of first and final arbiter, investigate its special version of history, know the enemy within our borders - engaged in conspiracy as a habit, and defaming whoever says so.
Outrageously smearing Joe McCarthy at the same time sanctifying Alger Hiss, such collaborators would not, could not, deny their genius. How may we persuade such a coterie of intelligent, however misguided, movers and shakers that it’s time to admit the existence of a higher law?
Solely the rivalry between nation-states, which always was and is, call it cold war or "the peace process” as you will, can place victory's temporal crown where it rightly belongs: on those whose diligence best overcomes the siren call of apathy, this by delegating and monitoring good policies and leaders. Such ones move first, impose their mandate on the proxy, and never bow to "guidelines” that lack public consensus.
Are we still such a people?
Conceding the power of prostituted mediacrats, whose love is to smear anyone disagreeing with their Big Plan, we must put aside this dread of being tagged with “incorrect** motives as was brave Senator McCarthy and demand a verbatim reading of the Constitution. Let us be joyful at the prospect of a blistering good fight, and hail those lesser gods back to sanity! Otherwise their "news’* has this country turning into a major force of world empire. If you believe that gives ordinary citizens some kind of special influence, it’s time to think again. Self-government - the people in control of public affairs - will be history, down the drain before you know it, if we don’t call that bluff now.
Politicians seeking further powers to tax and spend aren't leaders, but followers of a destructive pattern seen many times throughout the centuries. This latest gaggle with pale blue “u.n.” signage wishes to lower our flag of the United States and the republic for which it stands beneath a happy-faced New World Order. Ancient dreams of empire! They have an idee.
\\y	Must Alabama obey each]
Bilderberg diktat from the ! tjKf	internationalist bankers?
V Self-government begins at home! I Join the action, stay informed. For a one year subscription by mail send S12.00 to THE FIRST FREEDOM I P.O. Box 38$. Silveifaill. AL 36576
George in Washington, Montgomery and Mobile; in all the counties and cities of this land. Well-meaning people in many cases see a need in the community and, realizing the lack of public funds, begin lobbying to seize taxes from those who have little to help those who have less. Each time this happens, we lose part of our freedom. The average taxpayer works from Jan. 1st to May 8th just paying federal, state and local taxes. Why vote for additional property or sales taxes? If you are asked to support any tax no matter how well meaning, don't do it. That’s another link in King George’s chains of slavery. This letter wasn't printed in the Mobile Mullet Wrapper. They only support increased taxes.
RICHARD A. VINING Coden
ON FREEDOM When I was younger, freedom didn't mean much to me; too busy with other stuff to consider what price was paid for all our freedoms. Now that I’m older and maybe a little wiser, with our freedoms almost gone and communists running the country, I hope I’m not too late. A good patriot gave me y’all’s paper not by coincidence but, 1
believe, by Divine Will. Anyway I enjoyed reading it and I’m sending a donation. To keep y’all going I'll try to send a donation every month. I don’t know how long your paper's been out, but we need to get copies into and around Bay Minette.
JOE BIGGS
Bay Minette
CONFEDERATE FLAG RALLY
It was in Tillman's Comer, Saturday the 16th at 12:30, fifty "rebels” attending. The rally was covered by two networks on the Gulf Coast. We were given support by most passing motorists, with cheers from some police and deputies, one undercover vehicle even opening his siren and waving us on. The violent anger of a few motorists was not returned by any member of the rally, it remained peaceful. Abused by many hate groups over its one hundred and fifty (+/-) year history, the Confederate flag has been there before. The "Stars and Bars” is under fire because it represents the spirit of rebellion to tyranny! This is why the liberals had it removed from Southern state capitals. The Cross of Jesus has been abused in the same way by those hate groups and I fear it's the next symbol that
By Olaf Childress
Stop revenusury!
Such "thinking” demands reply! If we expect to rescue our heritage and seize the democratic agenda from such "experts” as hold it hostage, then let’s get organized! Stop mumbling about ruling ourselves and deposit the proof. Of course it’s urgent to petition providence. It always is. And, where at hand, legal governance as well. Determination will rein in those excesses.
We shall remove the double standard that restricts free enterprise with laws not applied to government and audit those who, convincing us they grasp the concept of a balance sheet, replace this ruling class. Bookkeeping, a given in normal business, seems to baffle certain of those moving in bureaucratic circles, its purpose unclear. In the real world, taxpayer Bill Ebb makes do with whatever cash he’s come by honestly. Steal or print more and be goes to jail. Lenders to individuals cease credit beyond certain reasonable expectation of recovery, which makes sense. And yet those very same financiers will "reorganize” a house of cards, "roll over” a bankrupt agency without restraint provided it’s a body of corrupt politicians buying their terms. Our Government borrows, taxes and squanders beyond every notion of usury to pay off the elite central bankers: foremost advocates of a New World Order. The Fed, a creation of those Insiders, “creates " money out of nothing (that's right; it’s paper backed by nothing at all!) faster than even leviathan can spend it
And such hustlers claim that we - the people - owe them a mountain of interest and carrying charges!
Individuals cannot compel employers or customers to underwrite their unlimited spending. The budget balances. A public agency on the other hand knows exactly such restraints as the taxpayers impose and control. And, let’s face it: we haven't kept those keepers honest Unless we take time to save this country, anarchy is just around the comer. We don't want that and our forefathers gave us the First Amendment that we might avoid such a fate. The present crisis wasn’t caused by welfare bums or local money hustlers, nor the spoiled brats we’ve produced a good many of. Relying solely on the mediacracy to perform our civic duty of monitoring
lirtst -U* WMOB
M.G. “Din” Daniels & Kell)’ McGink)
The Dan and Kelly Show “Retaking America”
Daily Maa.-FrL 12:00 Noon - 1:00 PM
government and its venal political parties makes "victims” of us all. Are there enough responsible citizens willing today to correct this disparity of wallpaper being somehow pasted up for capital? Where ’rollovers” can easily be brushed out by the ruling class but not you and me?
A builder qualifying his mortgage loan agrees to repay much more than received in hand; for the lender requires surveys, home insurance, contract indemnity, affidavits of compliance with a thousand government regulations exceeding its every legitimate authority, plus interest; not only doubling construction costs, but disregarding the preferences of builder, developer and owner completely, all of whose benefits, unlike the state’s, are at risk.
Do you see my point? Central planning ignores the fact that some feel at home in the swamp while others want Main Street. Your dream might be a mansion on a golf course, where the subdivision developer’s exclusive covenants guard its standards and value. Most people squat somewhere in between, and under whatever roof they can maintain after taxes.
Bureaucrats tell potential homeowners which windows, insulation and bug control treatment to specify if they expect to get building permits and loans. No lender would even consider disturbing that cozy relationship. Thus the young taxpaying family of two earners, with take-home pay already chopped in half by government spending and meddling, gets to live in a trailer - even as taxes paid by that couple subsidize both flood insurance for wealth's vacation homes and the building of public ghettos to replace saner communities. When Big Brother denies them the use of their own money, newlyweds can’t even raise collateral to borrow and build what should have been theirs out of pocket, for the lender employs a safe formula figuring what percentage they can repay monthly from that kept half of two salaries.
Whatever portion of take-home pay the moneychanger rules to be their installment limit for principal, interest, and other loan costs, if that same factor were applied to public revenues, it might restrain a borrow-happy government before its tentacles squeeze those producers out of their trailer
Talk Radio 1360 am
g Tel. (334) 432-1360
Robert W. Gardner “Talking Truth”
Saturday 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
will be under fire by the National Socialist NAZIs. Patriots are always under fire for taking a stand, because the greatest civil right is to be equally free from the tyranny of man's controlling nature. Rebellion to tyranny is obedience to God.
PHIL MORGAN www.angelfire.com/al3/trteam
Foley
RIGHT ON I have come across your paper. I see it as a great step to open up people to the truth. The truth and what is left of our freedom is all we have. Please put me on your mailing list. I have enclosed $24. Use the extra $12 to help get the word out.
E. WARD FAULK III Mobile
RURAL GARBAGE MANDATE I think we should have the right to choose what we do with our private property. As long as we continue disposing of garbage properly, no one should force you to use their particular service if you have a choice. Many people have more than one piece of property and stay at one or more places. I live in town as well as out in the country.
ARNOLD PRISCO Summerdale
and into a tent. God help us!
If we intend returning anytime soon to natural distribution, then let us begin. For every political officeholder and candidate must hear this mandate loud and clear: Stop revenusury! Quit spending taxpayers into insolvency not of their own making, with a per capita "debt” exceeding any borrowing capacity in the private sector and from which, simple arithmetic shows, there's no amortization - only outright renunciation. In a later chapter we'll look at what might bring us back from the abyss. And, if my idea at least stirs others to demonstrate its weaknesses, maybe we’ll get into the better reasoning of open debate. I offered the following draft resolution in 1997 to an incoming local administration:
There shall be no borrowing or deficit spending. Except upon established voter approval, no money may be received from an outside source which restricts its use. Emergency reserves paralleling Baldwin County bank capitalizations are to be set aside and maintained for use only in relief of unforeseen distress to the whole people. Additional emergency tax disbursements might be pledged and eventually paid without interest out of ad hoc tax referenda; but, failing to justify extreme need, and unless ratified by the voters, such relief providers shall forfeit said credit-tendered goods and services and every claim therein. The county shall disburse only the lesser nominal dollar or fractional portion of currently-collected revenues, so that "900,000/44,780,000” is understood to mean $900,000 when revenues of not less than $44,780,000 arc collected as of the disbursement date specified, or the 90 4.478th part of any lesser amount. No larger portion of county revenues shall be applied to pay prior obligations of combined principal, interest, and administrative costs than the average factor currently being used by Baldwin County's mortgage lenders in establishing the ratio of unencumbered income private citizens may promise in service of debt.
"But,” some will object, "this resolution would literally destroy Baldwin County’s ability to borrow money, or market any kind of bond issue ” You’re catching on. □
MARCH AGAINST CRIME
is a small organization with a sizable civic task: exposing public officers who are not upset with crime and high taxes, praising those who serve constitutional government. Meetings each second Thursday at Spring Hill Library, 4 McGregor Av S, Mobile, AL.