SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience! severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.**
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression,
abstaining forever from Europe's wars.	^
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 3 Number 9
http://www.gulftel.coni/honicfree/
September 2001
Scalawags and carpetbaggers: greatest fraud in the history of mankind
This is the fourth installment of aGoodbye, media myths of Honest Abe,99 begun in our May issue. Call it the Enlightenment, Illuminati or whatever you will: they are the same breed of moneychangers.
By Bob Taylor
ChniL, Mobile County Clip. Lenfae of tb« South
Before we go any farther with those usurpations by the criminal elements in government, let us take a look at certain parts of our constitutions.
Constitution of the United States, Article 1, Section 8, clause 5 (Powers of Congress): “To coin money, regulate the value thereof, ..." Notice, it did not say - print money. Article 1, Section 10, clause 1:"... make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;..."
Now to the Constitution for the State of Alabama. Article VIII, Section 249: “Bills or notes issued as money redeemable in gold or silver laws not to sanction suspension of specie payments.” “All bills or notes issued as money shall be at all times redeemable in gold or silver, and no law shall be passed sanctioning directly or indirectly the suspension by any bank or banking company of specie payment”
These laws have not been repealed, and cannot be without a constitutional convention. The United States Supreme Court in the Brushaber case, 1916, stated thmi on# part of the constitution cannot destroy another part. In other words, you may add to a constitution by amendment, but you cannot destroy the original document without starting all over.
1913 was a bumper crop year for the Communist International Banking Syndicate (IBS). In order to get their “Federal Reserve Bank” and a tax to support it they had to defeat Taft in the 1912 presidential election. They bought all the major newspapers in the country so they could trash Taft and build up their man Wilson whom no one knew. They financed Roosevelt to run as a third party candidate (Bull Moose)
Public
Happenings
Council of Conservative Citizens -Sept.6,7 pm at Bayou Cattle Co. A Sawmill Grill, 5100 Hwy 43, Satsuma. Info 334-649-2236.
Gulf Coast Friends of NRA Banquet -Sept.6, 5:30 PM till. It's at USS Alabama Battleship Aircraft Pavilion. $30 includes dinner, live actions, raffles and prizes. This is a fundraiser, all proceeds go to grants for promoting firearms sportsmanship and safety in organizations like 4H, Boy Scouts, and to teach gun safety in schools. Info (334) 476-1903. (wardiii@outdrs.net)
March Against Crime - Sept. 13,6:30 PM at Mobile's Springhill Library, 4 South McGregor Ave. Info 334-957-2218.
League of the South - Sept 20, eat 6:30, meet 7 PM at Shoney’s, Hwy 90 Tillmans Comer. Come join the political discussion!
League of the South - Sept. 24, eat 6:30, meet 7 PM at Captain’s Galley, Co.Rd.10, Bon Sccour. Info 334-965-6397.
5100 Hwy 43 - Satauma, Alabama 679-0168
to pull votes from Taft Anyone remember Ross Perot? Edward House, an avowed communist, was Wilson’s constant companion, alter ego and manipulator. They got all they wanted: the “Federal Reserve Bank” which they own, the Sixteenth Amendment, and a rewrite of the 1909 Corporate Tax to be thereafter known as “Income Tax”
Judge Brandeis, a tribal member, sought proteges to implement their plan. One of the most famous was Frankfurter. Before Frankfurter became appointed to the U.S. supreme court, he was a law professor who recruited brilliant students of a certain persuasion in order to train them in the writing of law using words of art. During Roosevelt’s 1930s socialist regime they were shot down many times by the supreme court but they would bounce back with a new version until they got it right and could pass supreme court muster.
To them it was no matter that these laws didn’t apply to private American Citizens. With their control over our educational institutions, where by slow process they’ve indoctrinated and dumbed down the people and by using words of art have them now believing themselves subject to these laws, that was good enough; they had accomplished their goal.
Our government no longer controls the issuance of currency as the constitution directs. Any money needed for cash flow must now be borrowed via Treasury
Notes and Bonds, with the Federal Reserve serving as brokers because they established themselves as exclusive “authorized money-lenders” to our government in 1913. Treasury Notes and Bonds although sold on the open market must pay interest, which rate is fully controlled by members of the Federal Reserve Board. They operate the Federal Reserve System as a private company with “quasi” government controls over the issuance of U.S. currency; they establish interest rates, the money lending supply; control the international exchange rates, the price of gold - and collect our taxes. They establish and supervise all banking rules and regulations governing both independent and Federal Reserve Banks. They have never been audited.
As evidenced through documentation from New York City banks controlled by the Rothschild interest, they have financed wars and all campaigns. Their economic power is provided them through excessive tax collections, interest and fines, plus drug dealing; also wars and conspiracies, which they perpetrate and profit from.
The IBS has infiltrated our government, establishing bureaus that they control including IRS, Health, Education, Welfare, AMA, United Council of Churches, American Bar Association, and environmental and industrial regulatory boards. Additional controls are manipulated through the Anti-Defamation League and the NAACP, which they established.
If Joe Sixpack thinks himself liable for a so-called “income tax” and writes a check to pay that tax, does it go to the United States Treasury? Take a look: it goes to the Federal Reserve Corporation (the IRS is their collection agency).
Federal Reserve Notes (FRN) only exist because someone borrowed them into existence. They are debt instruments. Where do the FRNs come from to pay the interest? Remember, the law says debt can only be paid with gold or silver coin; you cannot pay off debt with debt. If the other party to a transaction will accept the FRN, you have only discharged the debt.
This ponzi scheme, the Federal Reserve and Internal Revenue Code, was designed to relieve you of your property. It is the greatest fraud and theft in the history of mankind. They have emplaced puppets at lower levels, the likes of Mobile Mayor Mike Dow, who, helping those rich friends while building their own aggrandizement and empires, are placing you, your children and grandchildren further into debt You and your property are collateral for all this government debt
The U.S., in a legal sense, is already bankrupt. But, if the entity were to declare bankruptcy, you would have nothing, zero. Read Article I, Section 35 of the Alabama Constitution. And think. Shouldn't we run off all these carpetbaggers and scalawags from city hall and Montgomery before it’s too late?	0
Say these Southern patriots? No Vbies for mmdbffiS'.
On August 7, 2001, some 60-70 petitioning citizens returned to the scene of Mayor Mike Dow9s crime of one year earlier.
By Linda Sewell
When the City Council of Mobile voted behind closed doors August 1, 2000 to remove the Confederate flag from our shield and emblem, a crime with no input from the people nor advice by any heritage or historical organization, it was simply to appease those ignorant of the truth behind this battle flag and who, like others in our day, find the flag “offensive”- a cry which brings most liberals to their knees and usually brings flags to the ground.
As we all gathered one by one into the auditorium, gentlemen wearing SCV pins. Confederate ties, shirts, etc., and ladies wearing Confederate jewelry, shirts, etc., when each person passed through the entrance I handed him/her a small 3" x 5" flag on a stick furnished by our Dr. Ben George, this simply to hold or place in a pocket during the meeting. Mobile’s ever evasive Mayor Dow, noticeably absent, was afraid, once again, of confrontations; he would rather hide than answer to his constituents.
As the meeting was getting underway I observed our “esteemed” councilman, Fred Richardson - whose objections had been the start of the removal of our flag - after looking upon that sea of little banners, was
Talk Radio
In the Mobile area, be sure to listen daily to Shane McBryde on WNTM 701 am from 2 until 5 PM. And at 11 AM each Saturday, don’t miss WMOB 1360 am for Dan Daniels’ “Viewpoint.” In the Sylacauga area, at 6 pm Saturdays you’ll want to hear Lloyd Caperton’s “Southern Lines” over WYEA 1290 am.
beginning to squirm in his seat. He arose from his chair and walked to the rear of the auditorium, whispering into the ears of two policemen standing “guard” at the door.
We all sat silently as two speakers not related to our cause spoke for their own agendas. Finally, Mr. David Toifel was called to the podium to speak. We were so quiet one could have heard a pin drop listening as David told that council we would never forget their actions of last year; nor the facts of their having refused any input from citizens or heritage/hi story groups; and that an appointee of the city had mailed our petitions from last year to the SPLC to have our names checked for “hate crimes” (and probably added to a list of “hate-mongers” by Sleaze Dees). He asked that individual council members not allow this type of behavior to ever happen again.
When David finished, we all stood in silence, turned our backs and quietly left the “arena,” leaving this council with the knowledge that we are not going away, will never forget, and we will remember on election day which turncoats voted to remove our beloved Confederate flag. The same holds for Mobile as in Georgia, South Carolina and all points under attack: No votes for turncoats!!
All in all it was a successful greeting to our city council, reminding them of their
past crimes against the citizens of Mobile. Have a Dixie day!!
CONFEDERATE
1896
VUtcowt to tit tiXni CONFEDERATE FALL MUSTER September 8, 2001 10:00 am - 3:30 PM Confederate Park near Marbury, AL.25 mi. n. of Montgomery off Hwy 31. Speaking, food, and a special memorial service. Music by UNRECONSTRUCTED BAND, REP. BOB MCKEE, BASIC GRAY and THE MASTER’S FOUR will include both Confederate tunes and Gospel. Memorial service to honor Confederate dead buried there. Admission $3 per person, $10 per family. Period dress is encouraged, not required. Please RSVP if you plan to eat:	jwwcsa@knology.net
Let’s work the web and telephone!
Southern troops! Turn off the boob tube, quit playing silly “virtual reality” games and view the real enemy inside the gates of freedom’s real last stronghold. What can you do to help win a real war? For starters, ■ Subscribe your friends to this patriot tabloid and keep them informed. Work and pray with us. The media is where we lost it, that's where we’ll regain our freedom, a Send an email to Demastus@aol.com and get on Chuck's daily info missive. You may be pleasantly surprised at our numbers, a Contact all your county commissioners
via naco.org/counties/counties/index.cfm
■	Call your “representatives” at the U.S. Congressional switchboard toll-free, either 1-800-648-3516 or 1-877-762-8762. Tell them what they’re doing that’s wrong, and. if applicable, what they’ve got right.
■	Join an activist group and show up for demonstrations! We are at war. It’s truth vs. subtle media disinformation that many don’t perceive. If no chapter of the CofCC, LS, OCR, SCV or UDC is in your area, start one! Our enemies are the SPLC, KKK and NAACP, all being fictions of the ADL.
2 The First Freedom September 2001
— Rethinking the revolution —
Media event for reconstructing northern invasion brings tears
Ellen Williams, President The Alabama Coalition
Dear Mr. Hardesty:
I was in the audience yesterday at the ceremony to rename Mobile's Medal of Honor Park. 1 am a seventh generation Alabamian and a retired public school teacher.
Words cannot express the hurt I experienced at this ceremony planned by you, sir. I sat there and heard keynote speaker Mr. Cooper refer to my ancestors, thereby to me as their descendant, as “the enemy.” I wept driving home, and tears still come easily to my eyes just thinking of the dishonor done the CSA Army to which a Yankee general had referred in a New York newspaper
as “the best that was ever assembled on this continent.”
Another one of the fine Marine veterans, a gentleman of your age group, was heard to shout, “I’m sick of the Civil War.” Then, sir, why did you and he honor one of its veterans yesterday? Houghton left Mobile as a toddler; his place of honor should be in his home state, Massachusetts.
As a direct descendant of several
Confederate veterans, I was and am deeply offended that you have placed a plaque honoring a man whose army invaded Mobile. I am not ashamed of my great, great grandfathers; I’m very proud of them.
We must all one day give account of our deeds to that greatest Judge. 1 hope you can justify vilifying military men of the caliber whom you allowed to be called your “enemy” yesterday.
(t
Hate crime” law creates “Animal Farm” justice system
By Andrea Lafferty
Executive Director. Trad monel VUues Coalition Washington, DC-Napoleon, the dictator pig in Orwell’s “Animal Farm” would surely squeal with approval of Ted Kennedy’s hate crime bill (S. 625) passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee by a 12-7 vote. Two Republicans (DeWine of Ohio and Specter of Pennsylvania) voted with the liberals on this dangerous, unjust legislation.
Napoleon would be pleased with this bill because it will centralize more police power in the federal government and fulfill every dictator’s dream of punishing his enemies and rewarding those loyal to him.
In “Animal Farm,” Napoleon posted “the Seven Commandments of Animalism” on the side of a big bam. One of those commandments stated that “All Animals Are Equal.” Later in the story, however, six of the commandments were painted over, as Napoleon consolidated his dictatorial powers. Finally, only one commandment remained, but it had been rewritten. It now stated that “All Animals Are Equal, But Some Animals Are More Equal Than Others.”
This is the essence of all hale crime laws. These laws create a two-tiered system of justice where some “victims” are more
equal than others under the law. If a group of individuals - like homosexuals - can obtain victim status under hate crime laws, they become a protected class that receives greater protections than the rest of us. This is unjust As National Journal editor Michael Kelly observed a few years ago, “Hate crime laws require the state to treat one physical assault differently from the way it would treat another - solely because the state decides one motivation for assaulting a person is more heinous than another.”
Hate crime laws are being promoted by politically-motivated special interest j groups that have a vested interest in punishing their opponents for their actions, speech and thoughts. Along with hate crime laws come laws against so-called “hate speech.” In California, teachers are told to monitor “hate motivated incidents.”
The ultimate goal of those who pass hate crime laws is to silence all opposition to their political agendas.
Scholars James B. Jacobs and Kimberly Potter clearly see the dangers of hate crime laws as a threat to freedom of thought and speech. Writing in “Hate Crimes: Criminal Law A Identity Politics,” the authors observe that hate crime laws are really not
DOWN the Road a piece
about hate at all, but about criminalizing a person’s beliefs about right and wrong. Educator Jonathan Kozol notes that hate crime laws “are symptomatic of society’s Balkanization. They are futile in the long run. We cannot rebuild society by legislative penalties for insensitive acts and utterances.” US News A World Report columnist John Leo agrees. He writes: “Equal protection should mean one law for all, pursued even-handedly regardless of our differences, not separate laws invented because of them ” The Senate will be considering Ted Kennedy’s Animal Farm hate crime bill this Fall. TVC urges defeat for this unjust legislation. We must not allow our justice system to be subverted by special interest groups intent on punishing political opponents by using hate crime laws as weapons of suppression. While such laws may please authoritarians like Napoleon soul-mate Ted Kennedy, they should be feared by those who love freedom of speech and conscience.
There is a movement afoot in the land that gives hope
Over a period, resentment among the colonists grew toward a large
and remote government that had limitedfreedom and imposed itself in and on the lives of the people.
By Lyn Nofziger
Cobuamist and former Reagan adviser
When this country was relatively small, consisting only of 13 colonies along the eastern seaboard, it was possible for freedom lovers to band together in opposition to, among other indignities, taxation without representation.
Eventually they had enough and they revolted. And out of that revolution arose the United States, a nation dedicated to liberty and justice for all. For more than 100 years those ideals were taken to heart and enlarged and expanded.
At a bloody cost slavery was abolished. Women won the right to vote. Laws were passed insuring equality for all Americans. This was a good land.
But then in the early twentieth century the idea became acceptable by many
The Brat Freedom
PO Boi 3S5, S Overkill, AL 36576 Emil: komifrgf ®gilfl*l com Editor Ofcrf Childress Correspondent*: John Fender. Den George, Nick JongeUoed, Mildred Laurendine, Mable Lloyd, Tun Meadows, Elwin Rozyskie. Linda Sewell. Bob Taylor, Nelson Wilier Cartoonist: Joe Hill.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $1240 far a one-year subscription by nail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bufc rates, ask for terns.
Se$gommmnt btgbtt at haem. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not Id your ideas be beard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
Submissions will bo carefully edited for space and style shed as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; entail is preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
Americans that government is more impor-1 tant than the individual, that government’s purpose is not to make men free but to guide them and direct them and to force upon them rules and regulations that those elected to govern insist are for their own good. And because the people took freedom for granted they accepted laws and regulations and rules that limited their rights and their liberties because, they were convinced, the security and comfort each new law and regulation and rule brought were worth the loss of a little bit of freedom.
Thus it is that 225 years after the outbreak of the American Revolution Americans are right back where they started, with a big government that limits freedom and imposes itself in and on the lives of the people. Only more so.
Perhaps it all began with the income tax, that tax that in fact makes slaves of the people, that takes money out of a worker’s pocket before he ever sees h, that puts him in prison if he refuses to pay it, that goes to buy votes and in other ways to accrue power unto a select few.
Yes, it is true that in some respects freedom has continued to grow, sexual freedom, abortion, the right to express one’s self through vulgarity and sacrilege. On the other hand most of today’s laws and regulations widening freedom for one group do so at the expense of others.
Racial preferences are a classic example. When special rights are granted to one group for whatever reason they are granted at the expense of other groups.
When religious symbols are banned in public places so as not to offend atheists0 they limit others of the right to proclaim their beliefs. When schools are forced to become co-educadonal they are deprived of the right to educate those whom they would choose. When owners are banned from using private lands because of the possible presence of so-called endangered species government in effect abolishes the
*8ta MV Atey*s Aug. lad attack is the MokUe Kegtswr oa Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's p«Nlc display of the Taa Commandments in
right to private property. When govern-] ment moves to ban gun ownership it takes | away a free man’s right to protect himself and his family and makes tyranny easier to establish.
No one denies that government has some basic obligations such as providing for the national defense, protecting the populace from crime and criminals and passing laws that insure public safety and individual freedom.
But there is a line, and not a particularly fine one, between insuring public safety without infringing on individual freedom and passing laws that put government in the business of telling the individual what he can’t do and what he must do and what government has a right to do and force others to do.
These days that line is crossed more and more frequently. Congress passes laws that grant government more authority and take from the people more of their freedom. Bureaucrats write regulations to implement those laws, regulations which often go beyond the intent of the law. Federal agencies are given the right to fine and imprison and confiscate without trial.
Daily government at all levels, but especially the national government, encroaches on and limits those rights supposedly guaranteed by the constitution.
Additionally, the movement grows and the willingness grows to subject the rights of Americans to international courts and tribunals and treaties and commissions. And the will to oppose this movement also grows - weaker.
What is to be done if free men preserve their freedom from encroaching domestic government and efforts to impose world government on Americans, efforts that are encouraged in some quarters of this land?
Jefferson said it best “The tree of Liberty needs to be watered from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.”
We have not yet reached that point and we may never, we may instead succumb to the rules and whims and dictates of an elite few whom we have mistakenly chosen to
govern us.
Nevertheless there is a movement afoot in the land that gives hope. While advances in communications technology have made the world smaller they have also made the nation smaller and provided a way for freedom lovers to identify one another and to warn each other of what government is doing to limit and abolish the rights of free men, aided and abetted by fools and others who place their trust in government.
No longer can government attack and tyrannize in one area without it quickly being known nationwide. And as government continues to exercise illegitimate power opposition to it grows. We have seen roads closed by the government in western lands reopened by irate citizens. In the Klamath area where the government has shut off water to farms we are seeing citizens take action to open the water gates.
We have seen bars and saloons permit smoking where it is banned by law.
We have seen the nation ignore 55-mile speed limits. We have seen parents home schooling their children because the public education system has failed them. We have seen a judge refuse to take down the Ten Commandments from where they were posted in his courtroom.
We have seen Randy Weaver at Ruby Ridge and the Branch Davidians at Waco refuse to knuckle under to tyrannical law enforcement agencies.
We have seen the growth of public law foundations aimed at fighting overweening government in the courts. And there is more, and all of this is good.
However, the feet is that today the forces of freedom in this land are fighting a sporadic and losing battle. And this leaves one final question. Will the American people submit eventually and finally to the authority of Big Brother and big nanny government that dictates their daily actions and runs their daily lives, or, one day while they still have their guns, will they rise up as they did 225 years ago and begin again the fight for liberty and justice for all?
It is to be hoped.	Q
September 2001 The First Freedom 3
The Constitution of the United States
Part Twenty-eijjht Of a Senes
Amendment XXV,* Section 1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or resignation, the Vice President shall become President
Section 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.
Section 3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting
Andlo, it came to pass exactly as Editor Mike Marshall had called it: Mayor Mike Dow was reelected.
MOBILE, Aug. 28, 2001 - The lesson for “Citizen John" Burke's March Against Crime organization is that more marchers need mustering in, and The First Freedom ought to be spread further out. Then civic-minded groups working together might be able to inform voters better. Having hoped for an upset at this Tuesday's municipal election, Burke was disappointed.
The reality is that MaM’s stranglehold on the “news" guarantees the Register will see little corruption at city hall. And a lot of pampered city contractors, minorities and
Kyoto treaty.
By Richard S. Lindzen
www4llileeews.com
The National Academy of Sciences in response to a request from the White House has released a report on climate change that was depicted in the press as an endorsement of the Kyoto Protocol. CNN’s Michelle Mitchell, typical of that coverage, declared the report represented “a unanimous decision: global warming is real, is getting worse, and is due to man. There is no wiggle room."
As one of 11 scientists who prepared the report, I can state that this is simply untrue. For starters, the NAS never asks that all participants agree to all elements of a report, but rather that the report represent the span of views. This the full report did, making clear that there is no consensus, unanimous or otherwise, about long term climate trends and what causes them.
As usual, far too much public attention was paid to the hastily prepared summary rather than to the body of the report The summary began with a zinger - that greenhouse gases are accumulating in Earth’s atmosphere as a result of human activities, causing surface air temperatures and subsurface ocean temperatures to rise, etc., before following with the necessary qualifications. For example, the full text noted that 20 years was too short a period for estimating long term trends; but the summary forgot to mention this.
Our primary conclusion was that despite some knowledge and agreement, the science is by no means settled. We are quite confident (1) that global mean temperature is about 0.5 degrees Celsius higher than it was a century ago, (2) that atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide have risen over the past two centuries and (3) that carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas whose increase is likely to warm the earth (one of many, the most important being water vapor and clouds).
But - and I cannot stress this enough -we are not in a position to confidently
and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President.
Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit within four days to the
lawyers want to keep it that way. The big daily had correctly found, based on its poll two weeks earlier, Dow leading runner-up Bess Rich by 20 percentage points.
The Register's Sunday edition prior to this lackluster turnout quoted University of South Alabama political science professor Sam Fisher saying the mayor’s race would have generated a lot more interest “without an incumbent, especially one as well-financed and free of scandal as Dow.**
Um-mm, yes; a lot of money has rolled in from Friends of Mike, to be sure. Which Mike? Both; but... free of scandal? Mayor Dow has seen fit to shut down his own website in order to dodge citizens irate at his dishonoring their battle flag. He has
attribute past climate change to carbon dioxide or to forecast what the climate will be in the future. That is to say, contrary to media impressions, agreement with the three basic statements tells us almost nothing relevant to policy discussions.
One reason for this uncertainty is that, as the report states, the climate is always changing; change is the norm. Two centuries ago much of the Northern Hemisphere was emerging from a little ice age. A millennium ago, during the Middle Ages, the same region was in a warm period. Thirty years ago we were concerned with global cooling.
Distinguishing the small recent changes in global mean temperature from the natural variability, which is unknown, is not a trivial task. All attempts so far make the assumption that existing computer climate models simulate natural variability, but I doubt that anyone really believes this assumption.
We simply do not know what relation, if any, exists between global climate changes and water vapor, clouds, storms, hurricanes, and other factors, including regional climate changes, which are generally much larger than global changes and not correlated with them. Nor do we know how to predict changes in greenhouse gases. This is because we cannot forecast economic and technological change over the next century, and also because there are many man-made substances whose properties and levels are not well known, but which could be comparable in importance to carbon dioxide.
What we do know is that a doubling of carbon dioxide by itself would produce only a modest temperature increase of one degree Celsius. Larger projected increases depend on “amplification" of the carbon dioxide by more important, but poorly modeled, greenhouse gases, clouds and water vapor.
The press has frequently tied the existence of climate change to a need for Kyoto. The NAS panel did not address this question. My own view, consistent with the panel’s work, is that the Kyoto Protocol
President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty-one days after receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, within twenty-one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by two-thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers and duties of his office.
•The Twenty-fifth Amendment was ratified February 10.1967.
juggled the books repeatedly to continue borrowing and building “pearls." He posts foot-high “Vote Yes!” lettering across the atrium balcony at city hall, has school kids push for higher property taxes, honors communist Cubans with keys to the city, visits Fidel Castro in return, all this illegal.
No, Mike (the other partner, Editor Marshall): Misleading the electorate as you've done isn't a scandal. It’s a crime. But our little tabloid isn't big enough to clip your wings just yet. We’re going after certain misdeeds now more easily defined, namely the manipulating of that May 15th property tax vote in which Dinky Dow with
would not result in a substantial reduction in global warming. Given the difficulties in significantly limiting levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide, a more effective policy might well focus on other greenhouse substances whose potential for reducing global warming in a short time may be greater.
The panel was finally asked to evaluate the work of the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, focusing on the Summary for Policymakers, the only part ever read or quoted. The Summary for Policymakers, which is seen as endorsing Kyoto, is commonly presented as the consensus of thousands of the world’s foremost climate scientists. Within the confines of professional courtesy, the NAS panel essentially concluded that the IPCC’s Summary for Policymakers does not provide suitable.guidance for the U.S. government
The full IPCC report is an admirable description of research activities in climate science, but it is not specifically directed at policy. The Summary for Policymakers is, but it is also a very different document. It represents a consensus of government representatives (many of whom are also their nations' Kyoto representatives), rather than of scientists. The resulting document has a strong tendency to disguise uncertainty, and conjures up some scary scenarios for which there is no evidence.
Science in the public arena is commonly used as a source of authority with which to bludgeon political opponents and propagandize uninformed citizens. This is what has been done with both the reports of the IPCC and the NAS. It is a reprehensible practice that corrodes our ability to make rational decisions. A fairer view of the science will show that there is still a vast amount of uncertainty - far more than advocates of Kyoto would like to acknowledge - and that the NAS report has hardly ended the debate. Nor was it meant to. □
Mr. Lindzen. a professor of meteorology at MIT, was a member of the National Academy of Sciences panel on climate change.
hii 11*rt i »r»i i »• • ■» ’	•	»ik	*	t	<i.ii • <« i •»
a different slant on the news
Here's what was Ignored or mbreported elsewhere
DEMOTE GOD? Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL) challenged Democrat colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee to say why they dropped “So help me God" from oaths administered to nominees coming before the committee, a tradition going back as far as George Washington's inauguration. Sessions objected that Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle (D-SD) and Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) were pushing the ban in every committee, not just Leahy’s Judiciary Committee. Traditional Values Coalition demanded they put “So help me God" back into the oaths administered to those testifying before Senate committees. Why were Daschle and Leahy fearful of nominees swearing before God to tell the truth? Senator Sessions correctly pointed out that Senate Rule 3 calls for Senators to be sworn in by these words. If required for Senators, it should also be administered to those who testify before them.
“OUR NEW GEORGIA FLAG** is author Carole Marsh’s booklet for kids 7 to 14 years of age. She is CEO of the publishing company. On page 4 we read, “Dear Student— Did you ever think that one day Georgia would have a new state flag- and a beautiful one it is! The story behind this flag is just as beautiful and exciting. Learn the facts. After all, one day you will be telling your children or grandchildren that you were a witness to some special Georgia history!" Page 5 shows six happily excited kids jumping up and down - three black, two white and one Hispanic. They are exclaiming, “We have a new Georgia flag!!" Page 7 says the flag “wasn't an easy decision, nor one undertaken without consider^ ation... No one denied that Georgia has a rich heritage. However, most people could understand the opposition of many citizens to the flag's predominant Confederate battle symboL.." Page 10 shows a crowd adoring the “new flag" with, “We Love The New Georgia Flag!"
RALLY ROUND THE REAL. Members of the SCV, LoS and Southern Party of Georgia met on August 1st at the Capitol for the opening day of the reapportionment session. Two events, one outside and one inside the Capitol drew 100 protesters who disapproved Jesse Jackson's new rag. All four entrances were covered, especially the one located between the Legislative Office Building and the Capitol. Turncoat after turncoat, making their way to the Capitol, faced the chant, “No votes for turncoats!" One yellow streak rag caught fire, and one was seen in a trash can where many say they all belong. The media and their turncoats were taken by surprise, as real Georgians greatly enjoyed the rally. Another event saw the Southern Party of Georgia carrying “Judas" packages to each turncoat: Thirty pieces of silver (washers) with, “No votes for turncoats!" and “It ain’t over yet!" bumper stickers, plus a supply of Barnes dollars (6.5 million - the best government money can buy).	- Mike Crane
THESE BOOTS WERE MADE FOR WALKING. Senate Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee Ranking Member Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) stomped all over taxpayers with a SI million earmark for the Ihscaloosa City Riverwalk and Parkway development As part of Citizens Against Government Waste’s effort to expose the pork in this year's budget CAGW president Tom Schatz will be making weekly appearances on MSNBC. Visit their website at cagw.org/ for all the latest pork battles.
THE MEXICAN ECONOMY MUST CONVERGE with U.S. and Canadian, says Vicente Fox, Mexico’s President who is working 24/7 to erase the borders and trivialize national citizenship. He would have a NAFTA institution, the North American Development Bank, redistribute money into Mexico much as the EU has funded projects in its poorer states.
President.
Section 4. Whenever the Vice President
M&M manages, misinforms and manipulates Mobile
your help illegally exploited teachers and children. For more on this, sec page 7. □
The sky is falling! As usual, the press gets it all wrong
Our report doesn9t support the
4 The First Freedom September 2001
— Mobile —
ST
Scalawag media and politicians still fighting Lincoln’s war vs. South
Let other communities speak for themselves. Until each town has its own independent newspaper, no effort to save our heritage will go unpunished by the liberal media. Mobile makes noises, not excuses.
By Olaf Childress
MOBILE - The Alabama Coalition had once again flashed the word out, and on Aug. 1st the troops showed up. “Slick" Dr. Lee Warner was thinking for his Alabama Historical Commission to do another “public hearing" photo-op on that date, safely concealed in the bowels of Mobile's University of South Alabama. He had been quite busy publicizing nonexistent support for plans to remodel the Capitol into a civil rights shrine honoring the 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery media parade; but, in having agreed to use that $6 million bribe from Washington to reinvent the Cradle of the Confederacy as ordered by his bursars up there, Warner hadn't counted on people finding out and actually showing up.
They did; and, when no one was allowed to speak until five minutes before this “public meeting" was to end, according to Mobile Register reporter George Wemeth: “A lengthy quarterly meeting of the Alabama Historical Commission held Wednesday in Mobile ended abruptly when some audience members, waiting for a chance to speak out against a nearly $6 million Capitol grounds project, began shouting at the commissioners.
“Criticizing the Montgomery project, which would pave the way for a historical Confederate site to be shared with a civil rights memorial, were members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans and the South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens.
“After about two hours, when the regular business agenda of the commission was nearly complete and a public comment period was to begin, several men stood in the audience of 80 or so attending the meeting at the University of South Alabama campus.
“Some audience members began exclaiming, 4 We are the people! We are the people!*
“One of the protesters, Tim Meadows of Mobile, cried out, ‘Everybody opposing the Capitol grounds change come forward,* and about 15 people walked to the front of the Student Center Ballroom.
“The commission chairman, Allen T. Cronenberg, director of the Auburn University Center for the Arts & Humanities, tried to restore order, noting that the public comment section of the meeting was about to begin.
“When the protesters did not desist, Cronenberg adjourned the meeting of the Montgomery-based commission.
“Meadows, chairman of the local Council of Conservative Citizens, told a reporter, ‘We’ve been to several of these meetings. We’ve tried to bring up this issue, and they’ve ignored us.’
“Meadows noted that the Capitol grounds site - part of the ‘Cradle of the Confederacy’ including the spot where Confederate President Jefferson Davis took the oath of office - is on the National Register of Historic Places.
“‘We want to maintain that status and not have a dual status with a civil rights memorial,’ he said.
“Meadows warned, ‘If necessary, we will shut down the next meeting before it gets started.’”
Thanks, Mr. Weraeth. Now - let’s visit what actually took place. This was a repeat of games the AHC has played around the state while trying to build an image of public support with help from mediae rats like yourself, which, in fact, does not exist At one such “request for public input” ten days earlier in Gulf Shores, all wishing to protest Warner’s plans for their Capitol were told “that’s not on today’s agenda* But, If enough
people want it on the agenda when we meet ten days from now in Mobile, call our Montgomery office and we’ll listen. They called, they came, their resistance remained unconquered. Consider:
■	To raise the appearance of wide interest in “finding money" and turning it, along with Ft. Morgan and the rest of Alabama’s historical sites, over to a London-based international corporation the AHC was promoting at the earlier Gulf Shores meet, Warner had got local legislative delegates and judges to show up there. Seeing how many were against his plans, these avoided his play’s next act across the bay.
■	And it was no “two hour meet" that got interrupted just as “the regular business agenda of the commission was nearly complete and a public comment period was about to begin." The real meeting had already taken place three and one-half hours earlier in a lounge area off the hall, from which outsiders had been banned in violation of Alabama's Sunshine Law. Convening at midmoming in the Student Center ballroom, the remaining agenda called for public input at 11:30 AM, which time came and went with all new and old business appearing to have been discussed and the board seemingly ready to talk about the weather, or anything, to stall until noon.
■	It was one minute before noon when Tim Meadows stood and spoke to Lee Warner, calmly. There was no response - just the chairman’s gavel. This wasn’t in the plans.
“You wanted public input, to hear from the people; let us speak, we’re the people!" the crowd began to shout. One panelist at this point finally responded to those now standing: “You are not the people!”
That insult did it. There were some loud
March Against Crime, under the late Lillian Jackson, collected thousands of petitions urging the city council and other officials to support an Initiative and Referendum bill for Alabama. She came with one hundred citizens, and presented them to the mayor and council. Their reaction: Forget it Joe Ringhoffer’s Committee for Referendum petitioned the city council recently to remove the so-called super-majority proviso of present law that requires, for the council to pass any motion, five of seven members must favor it. With three of seven districts being majority black by design, this flies in the face of majority rule, the race factor coming into play. Without term limits. Mobile’s current black delegation
STRING OF PEARLS:
By Elwin Rozyskie There would probably be all new faces at city hall in September if voters were privy to abuses by city leaders and their unfeeling responses to transit employees alarmed that the city withholds information about the money docked from their pay for a nebulous pension plan. A Ms. Craig, who represents seventy-eight of the city’s bus drivers and associated workers, appeared at the July 31 st council meeting to publicly protest their ejection from the Retirement System of Alabama (RSA) by the city, and implore the mayor to provide each of them with an accounting of their pension money sequestered for more than twenty-eight months. Any reasonable person would be appalled at such disregard for employees. Those responsible alibied that any reentry into the RSA “is beyond our control.”
In the council’s electioneering following Ms. Craig’s remarks, it surfaced that Coun-cilmen Mabin Hicks and Clinton Johnson had been unable to control a state-appointed Transit Board already experiencing internal tumult. City workers were happy with the RSA when Mobile matched their payments to the fund, and city leaders had promised
protests, to be sure, but of a civilized sort. Yells hurled at the AHC, withdrawing from that room in shame, were simply out of disbelief and exasperation:
“We are the people!”
“Don’t mess with our Capitol!” “Wherever you go, we 'll be there! ”
As the TV cameras rolled, Warner’s brotherly production ended in chaos.
The following Tuesday’s weekly M&M show, being Mobile’s one year anniversary for striking the battle flag from that city’s flagpoles and shield, was special. Register editor Mike Marshall, nowhere to be seen, could not have noticed Mayor Mike Dow’s absence from his own seat before the city commission for the first time in memory.
But quite a crowd had passed through the metal detector tunnel on August 7th and into that inner sanctum of the New World Order, battle flag badges setting off alarms, otherwise once again a civilized protest - nobody smashing windows or bothering to insult the three black voting registrar ladies seated at a table in the atrium, as that stuff isn’t done by heritage people regardless of what Yankees and our own schoolchildren are taught.
Most of those in attendance were from the Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV), Friends of the Flag, March Against Crime and two local League of the South chapters. SCV Commander David Toifel, spokesman for the crowd, addressed the city commission imploring them to stop playing at political correctness and acknowledge the people’s petitions without further embarrassing the city. [Story on page 1.] Next morning, August 8, the Mobile
could be reelected indefinitely. Why? Take Clinton Johnson's District 3, population 80% black and median household income $21,114. His position, in his own words, is “deliver the bacon" - and those constituents will continue him in office forever. His major black opponent in this election refers to the eight-year council president as a “dictator" — and says Mobile citizens need “respect and courtesy, not arrogance.”
Elected officials turn deaf ears to citizen efforts for a means of putting proposals to the council whereby, if that body foils to adopt an ordinance so proposed without any change in substance, an election would be held, the initiative then being approved or rejected by the voters.
The Committee for Referendum’s effort to remove that “super-majority" proviso
to continue this if the employees would help them dissolve that Transit Board. The workers consented in good faith, and the board soon buckled under political pressure, demonstrations and picketing.
Operation of the city buses continued for a time, but our city leaders orchestrated a series of transit reorganizations violating RSA regulations, and Mobile was ejected from the system in March, 1999. During the interim twenty-eight months, the city has continued withholding employees’ pension money, supposedly depositing it in an interest-bearing account - without any accounting to the workers. Worse, there has been no written explanation of how the funds will be used. Such utter disregard for employees’ collective bargaining rights wouldn’t be tolerated in the private sector, fines and sanctions would be extracted.
At the council meeting, no shred of shame or apology was offered by any city leader. One of the mayor’s staff said some information was available that they were working on, but evaded offering any date when a report would be available.
Council President and Transportation Committee Chairman Clinton Johnson is responsible and should be held to account
Register's Damage Control Team got called into action. To get away with burying the above story with brief mention 17 pages later at the bottom of Section 2B, on page 1 Mr. Wemeth resurrected and expanded on the earlier AHC “public meeting" at USA’s Student Center. Thus his front page article: “...The work would be funded by a $5.8 million federal grant. Warner said the site qualified for the grant because it was the terminus of the 1965 Voting Rights March from Selma to Montgomery.”
Now, reread the above quote carefully before going to the very next paragraph -and tell me if we should inform those oxymorons down at the local daily that this is a non sequitur:
“Warner said rumors that the project calls for constructing a civil rights or African-American monument are not true.” Let’s skip the AHC chairman’s (and Mr. Wemeth’s) not-so-veiled threats that those disagreeing with plans to turn the Alabama Capitol into a peecee shrine will be ejected from future “public hearings” on what is now considered a done deal, and review page 2B of that same August 8th Register edition, waa-aay down at the bottom: “Flag supporters address Council - By Crystal Y. Lewis.
“Several men, women and children sporting small Confederate Battle Flags made up about a quarter of the attendees of Tuesday’s Mobile City Council meeting...” Correction: Several government types and lobbyists made up about one-eighth of attendees left in the chamber at Tuesday's Mobile City Council meeting when 67 men, women and children sporting Confederate Battle Flags stood and turned their backs on
those “representatives" and walked out □
Mobile’s super-majority rule is pure racial orthodoxy
By Nick Jongebloed
.Chairman, March Against Crime
Mobile mayor and council: despicable leadership
would be better spent convincing state legislators to give citizens the right to vote on a change of government from mayor-council to council-manager.
This would correct the problem seen by Professor Keith Nicholls, University of South Alabama, in his forthcoming book about Mobile’s history for the tricentennial in 2002: The super-majority rule “virtually guarantees a continued impact of race on city politics.” Representative government works best with responsibilities delegated so that the city manager treats each district and representative equally. In North Carolina, almost every city with over 5,000 population has the council-manager form of local government in which the mayor is analogous to a company’s chairman of the board: important, but not crucial.
by the electorate for thus treating loyal city employees. His excuse that he is awaiting action in Montgomery by local legislative delegates begs the question of what action, if any, Mr. Johnson has taken to pressure those legislators to do something about this during the two (!) intervening sessions.
Mayor Dow and his high-priced staff, directly involved and totally derelict in this shameful affair, have not even assured the workers Mobile is still matching the funds extracted. Continuing with his reelection campaign theme, “Leadership," the mayor ignores real concerns.
There has been plenty of time for city leaders' junkets around this country, Cuba and South America; but none for doing their jobs. Such reprehensible conduct would normally be exposed by local media and condemned by public outcry.
The local daily prefers to keep Mobile voters dozing, reporting the transportation workers' appearance before the council as merely to request refunding for their pensions. The only public outcry has been by March Against Crime members and The First Freedom.
It is said voters get the government they deserve. We tremble at our prospects. □
September 2001 The First Freedom 5
— The search for justice —
Selling out, reconstructing, kissing
This letter to the Stanley County
Commission of North Carolina is directed at its peecee cowardice. By Robert F. Hawes Jr.
Phoenix 1861 @aol.com
I am writing to express concerns regarding your recent decision to honor Martin Luther King Jr., but to exclude a separate or concurrent holiday for Robert E. Lee.
I can readily understand the political pressures that have likely been brought to bear against you during your consideration of the Lee-King holiday issues. Unfortunately, there are many criminations and recriminations being hurled about in our current cultural climate regarding Southern history and its perception by some special interest groups. Many tell us we must decide in favor of one side or the other, and threats abound. However, I feel that there is another solution to this problem.
I would submit to you that the best way in which to navigate through this troubled time is to demand respect for both sides of the equation so long as that goal may be reasonably accomplished. I feel that the decision to honor Martin Luther King Jr. with a paid holiday while rejecting a concurrent or separate holiday for General Lee will only lead to further animosities. The perception of this decision is that one side has prevailed and is, therefore, superior to the other. White Southerners feel that their heritage has been attacked and one of their noblest heroes has been slighted. In short, one group of people is offended so another might be appeased. What then does that imply about the equality of the two groups?
Despite charges to the contrary. General Robert E. Lee was one of the noblest men the South ever produced; a man honored by friend and foe alike. The fact that he is still held in such universal respect today (as opposed to universal derision) speaks volumes of who this man truly was. I have devoted a great deal of time over the years to the study of this man, and I can say without a doubt that few kindlier persons have ever lived. It was Lee who, in Richmond following the war, was seen to kneel at a church altar and take communion next to a
black man, a man the other whites would not kneel alongside. Yet, when Lee did, the others followed his example. General Lee was later heard remarking: “All ground is level beneath the cross.” Are these the actions or words of a man who rightly deserves the title of “Hitler”?
The NAACP is currently, and publicly, on a mission to remove Confederate emblems all throughout the South. In so doing they are forcing their view of history and what is good or important upon all citizens of those states. Politicians have backed down in light of this assault, as they do not wish to be labeled “racist.” But I would ask you: Simply because the NAACP says something, does that necessarily make it so? Do Southerners not have a right to their own view of history and what is important to them, and to express these views within their communities? If they do possess such rights, why must they kneel to the views of others and be denied the right to express pride in their heritage like any other group?
I would submit to you that the time has come for denying the demands of those who have set themselves up to dictate to others whom or what they may honor, and what they can’t, simply because of conflicting views. In honoring King and not Lee, one group's heritage has been placed above that of another, with the former group very quickly making the most of their heritage’s perceived victory over that of the other group. Can we long maintain a balance of respect and dignity for one another in such an atmosphere?
There was only one reason for voting against honoring Robert E. Lee, and it was entirely fallacious. Lee clearly represents all the noblest and best of Southern history. That reason removed, what else impedes our honoring him save for a special interest group’s demand that we do not? I respectfully request your committee reconsider its decision not to honor Robert E. Lee in the interest of mutual respect for the heritage of all Southerners, white and black. Let us not surrender to those who would demand that we honor only what they esteem and refuse all else. We have nothing to lose in pursuing this course, and much to gain. □
Mr. Hawes9 argument, while on target, had insufficient ordnance to explode the whole untruth.
. V	By Tom Strider
wtstrider@hotmai I .com
I praise your laudable comments about Robert E. Lee; however, I take issue with: “I would submit to you that the best way in which to navigate through this troubled time is to demand respect for both sides of the equation so long as that goal may be reasonably accomplished.”
Surely in your studies you found that General Lee was an excellent tactician as well as strategist; and I would hope some of that rubbed off on you - such as this adage oft repeated: Offense is the best defense. Consequently, “I would submit to you” that you should not submit to the idea that Martin Luther King could hold a candle to Robert E. Lee, let alone to the “mighty special” George Washington Carver, insofar as “respect” is concerned. In no way is “respect” equal “for both sides of this equation” that you mention.
Certain facts came to light after the deaths of all three of those gentlemen. For
instance, Hillsdale College published a volume called “The Book of Heroes,” wherein the lives of six Americans are lauded: George Washington, Daniel Boone, Louisa May Alcott, George Washington Carver, Robert E. Lee and Andrew Carnegie. In this interesting book I found that Carnegie had given research grant money to, among others, George Washington Carver who named Carnegie as one of his friends. I also learned I have something in common with Carnegie: we were both bobbin boys (however, about a hundred years apart). But I digress.
Another action, the fall of the Berlin Wall, reaped a lot of benefits, uncovering facts that turned previous suspicions into known truths - such as Martin Luther King’s dealings with the Soviets and vice
versa, facts which would tend to make him more like a hero of the Revolutionary than Lee’s Civil War (if you would call Benedict Arnold an English hero. I do believe, however, that the latter was scorned even in England).
What 1 am suggesting to you is that when Confederate symbols are called racial, that the other side “of the equation” be questioned - by wondering if the communist flag is supposed to be raised instead; that whenever Martin Luther King Day (originally proposed, 1 believe, by the Chappaquidick hero) is favored over Washington, Lincoln and Lee, that the communist facts about Martin Luther King be broadcast.
Taking the offense in this case is not the same as fighting fire with fire, for again I decline your two equal “sides of the equation,” insofar as “respect” is concerned. I do not accept that using facts is equaled by the use of innuendos and half-truths.
Nor do I accept such generalities as a black Sudanese friend of mine made after his attendance at a Kansas City meeting of the NAACP: “All American blacks are communists.” His statement is wrong, wrong, wrong. And, you must understand, everyone in the NAACP is not a dumb or a bad person. (Good Lord, even some Democrats don’t believe that all Republicans are “greedy old perverts.”)
American blacks are becoming more educated. During Ronald Reagan’s reign, as Jay Parker pointed out, their economic levels had dramatic increases over Jimmy Carter’s (giveaway the Canal) regime. They are becoming more knowledgeable about world events, and many of them are traveling abroad and would mimic Whoopi Goldberg’s comment upon returning from an Africa trip: “I have been there, and don’t you dare call me an Afro-American. I am an American. ”
So, your “equation” is not all about the NAACP, nor is it about a man who had a dream. It's about people wanting to stay in power, to continue siphoning the money of good, dues-paying members into their own pockets. So, when those mobsters in the NAACP use their blatant cries to stir up donors, go on the offense; become offensive, tell some truths, some facts. □
Gen. Robt E. Lee
The policy behind the controversy - There’s that word diversity again
So this is what the NEA wants to teach our children. Find out if such perversion is on at your schools. If so, PROTEST IT and REFUSE to allow your kids to be a part of it!
By Phyllis Schlafly
You’ve got to hand it to the National Education Association. The NEA’s press people and spin artists know how to manipulate the news.
The NEA got widespread national publicity by announcing on Independence Day that it was withdrawing its controversial proposed “New B” resolution regarding “Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender Education.” Parents concluded they could relax assured that their darlings would not be exploited with such teachings in school.
Not so fast. It was smoke and mirrors. 10,000 delegates, assembled in this year’s convention in Los Angeles, quietly adopted at least ten separate resolutions that add up to substantially the same subject matter as the withdrawn New B.
This episode began when it leaked that the NEA planned to adopt an in-your-face resolution demanding gay rights be incorporated into everything from school curricula to teacher hiring. For the first time, there was revolt in the ranks of the NEA’s 2.3 million teachers, and the Oklahoma affiliate publicly opposed it.
Tennessee delegates asked for a vote on New Business Item 59 that read: “The NEA shall hold its affiliates harmless, for a period of five years, for any loss of dues revenue related to loss of membership beginning with the 2001-2002 membership yearifResoiutjo0.NcwBigfussed.”11 f.J(
These delegates explained the rationale behind this item: “A significant number of NEA affiliates experienced membership losses related to [last year’s] passage of Resolution B-9. Most of them have not recovered their losses,” and we “believe that we will experience an equal or greater loss of membership if Resolution New B is passed.”
So, the NEA leadership decided publicly to announce the controversial New B would not be brought to a vote. However, NEA President Bob Chase assured the delegates that “in no way is NEA backing away from dealing with the important issues raised by the proposed Resolution. . . Far from backing away from these issues, this task force will expand the scope of the inquiry.”
Chase’s promise was confirmed when the NEA convention went ahead and passed a dozen resolutions, mostly repeats from previous years, affirming practically every point covered in the withdrawn New B.
Resolution B-7 calls for “acceptance” of “diversity,” including “sexual orientation.” It calls for “observances, programs, and curricula that accurately portray the roles, contributions, cultures, and history of these diverse groups and individuals.”
B-9 calls for “plans, activities, and programs” that “increase respect” and “acceptance” toward “gays, lesbians, bisexuals, transgendered people.” The resolution demands an end to “stereotyping” based on “sexual orientation.”
B-9 also calls for extending this policy to “curricula, textbooks, resource and instructional materials, activities, etc.” It demands that we “integrate” into all curricula a, portrayal of the rples of “groups who
have been under represented historically.” B-38 demands that we recognize different “family structures.” This includes recognizing “domestic partners.”
B-40 and C-22 call for “comprehensive” education programs about HIV/AIDS “as an integral part of the school curriculum.” Integrating subject matter in the curriculum means concealing it so that parents cannot exempt their children from the class.
C-27 calls on the schools to ’"provide counseling services and programs” for “students who are struggling with their sexual/gender orientation.”
Action needed on federal education bill
HR1/S1, five-year federal education reauthorization's Graham-Tihrt Parental Freedom of Information Amendment, guarantees parental access to the curriculum your children will be taught including textbooks, audio/visual, manuals, films and other materials.
It prohibits surveys pertaining to personal information without parental consent. The President has tremendous influence on the final bill. He needs to be hearing from people at 202-456-6213.
Also, Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert 202-225-2976, House Majority Leader Dick Armey 202-225-7772, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay 202-225-5951, House Republican Conference Chair J.C. Watts 202-225-6165, House Republican Policy Committee Chair Chris Cox 202-225-5611, Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott 202-224-6253, and Assistant Minority Leader Don Nickles 202-224-5754.
D-8 calls for hiring policies and practices that “include provisions for the recruitment of a diverse teaching staff” Nobody is fooled by this euphemism.
E-5 demands that “educational materials and activities should accurately portray cultural diversity.” There’s that word diversity again.
F-l puts the NEA on record in support of“affirmative action plans and procedures that encourage active recruitment and employment of men in under represented education categories ... to overcome past discrimination.” This resolution includes “sexual orientation” among other factors.
I-10 states that the NEA is committed to the achievement of a “totally integrated society.” This includes eliminating all “barriers” based on “sexual orientation.”
1-38 redundantly demands the “elimination of discrimination” based on “sexual orientation.” 1-42 deplores hate-motivated violence based on sexual orientation.
Other resolutions among the dozens that were passed at the 2001 Convention in Los Angeles reaffirmed all the radical policies the NEA has endorsed in the past. They reveal the NEA’s paranoid opposition to school choice, home schooling, and parental supervision of sex education.
Many were shocked this year when the District of Columbia City Council proposed lowering the compulsory school age to age three. We shouldn’t have been shocked: the NEA convention delegates readopted resolution B-l calling for “programs in the public schools for children from birth through age eight.”	□
For the latest update on this education bill: mredcopac.org/upda0178-htm
6 The First Freedom September 2001
— Alabama —
Our duty is the same as was Walter Bryant’s - keeping Alabama free
Many patrons of Dixieland Flea Market near Columbiana notice one of theirfavourite vendors, who sold many Southern items, is no longer there. Outside the market, something is seen that has not been there long: the Alabama flag. By Lloyd A. Caperton
League of the South
On July 27, Walter L. Bryant, director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative, passed away following complications after heart surgery. I’m glad he lived to see the law he helped write and pushed for several years, requiring the state flag to fly at all state facilities, get passed. While working as assistant director of the A.S.F.I., Walter and I having become good friends, his death leaves me and many others with a great sense of loss.
Walter Bryant was a native son of Coosa County who grew up in the Hanover / Flint Hills area. A descendant of a group of Cherokees refusing to obey federal orders and move to Oklahoma on the Trail of Tears (who later sided with the Confederacy in opposing that same federal government), Walter learned first hand from his grandparents the oppression that Southerners and Native Americans had suffered at the hands of Yankees, and not to believe their version of history.
Walter, known to many in Coosa County when he was growing up by the name of Lebrun, later moved to Columbiana. He served Alabama during the 1960s as a state trooper. It was during this time period that Walter, as we in the A.S.F.I. called him, further realised how the federal government was increasing its unconstitutional power over the state of Alabama and all other states. After retiring, it disturbed him greatly that many state facilities no longer flew the Alabama Flag — as if ashamed to be Alabamians.
And so it was then that Walter started
the Alabama State Flag Initiative. He used profits from his flea market booth to help finance the costly endeavor of getting our state flag put back up. Walter was not a politician, but he knew how to persuade others who were. The fact that the State Flag Bill passed the House and Senate without opposition testifies to this.
Walter did not consider his work over by any means. At the time of his death he was busy reorganising the Alabama State Flag Initiative into an anti-United Nations group. He had recently corresponded with U.S. Congressman Ron Paul of Texas, who has introduced an anti-U.N. bill, about how our group could help. Alabama's Terry Everett is also said to be backing this bill. Write and give him your support We intend to keep Walter’s work going as he would have wanted.
Walter was buried at Poplar Springs Cemetery, Hanover, in the Alabama soil below where he grew up. Following the mile-long funeral procession from Columbiana, he was given a Confederate burial with a speech by former Alabama S.C.V. Commander Ronnie Simmons and musket salutes from the Pettus S.C.V. Camp, then laid to rest with both the state and battle flags.
Some say there are no more Southern heroes, but Walter L. Bryant was a true son of Alabama and of the South. Many today seem ashamed of their Southern ancestors, but the more important question is, would our Southern ancestors be ashamed of us? Walter is now with his ancestors, beyond the bounds of any earthly government; but, through his efforts while alive, he made government better for those left here. We can be assured that when Walter met his ancestors they were not ashamed of him. While others talked about what needed to be done, Walter did what needed to be done. We will see our friend again one day.
Meanwhile our duty, as was Walter’s, is to keep Alabama free. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!	O
When you 9ve got them yielding, it9s not break time. Thanks to this writer and his troops, the Alabama flag is now required at every state facility. Here9s the next objective.
By Walter L. Bryant
Director, Alabama State Flag Initiative
As many of you know, our Initiative has joined the Alabama Coalition in backing U.S. Rep. Ron Paul’s anti-“u.n.” bill to get us out of the “united nations." It is important at this time to contact our two senators and seven representatives in Washington and ask them to support Rep. Paul’s HR 1146: Senator Jeff Sessions 495 Russell Senate Office Bldg., Washington DC 20510 Senator Richard Shelby 110 Hart Senate Office Bldg.,
Washington DC 20510
Rep. Sonny Callahan, District 1 2466 Rayburn House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Terry Everett,* District 2 2312 Rayburn House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Bob Riley, District 3 322 Cannon House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Robert Aderholt, District 4 1007 Longworth House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Robert Cramer, District 5 2350 Rayburn House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Spencer Bachus, District 6
442 Cannon House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 Rep. Earl Hilliard, District 7 1314 Longworth House Office Bldg., Washington DC 20515 *Rep. Terry Everett has already signed onto Ron Paul’s anti-“u.n.” bill Call or write him in support
Our Compatriot Walter Bryant passed away July 27 around 11:00 am - just as his final article reappearing here was being printed and mailed. Outstanding Confederate who loved Alabama and Dixie, Walter's efforts saw legislation enacted that protects our beloved state flag. A fitting tribute to this statesman would be for us to demand all public facilities buckle up that flag. Thanks to him, it's the law. And write these reps as he urged, if you haven’t done so yet
Politicians are not all that bright
John Cripps, hero of Mississippi flag victory outside the legislative chambers: “Before saying you9re not qualified to run for office, do you think these people qualified?99
Dear Mr. Childress:
While I have numerous concerns about
■	Are they listening in the first place?
■	So what's lost if they hang up on us? Here’s another typical example: On
August 2nd, next day after the Alabama Historical Commission crashed and burned at Mobile [see page 4], the Don came back with...
Dear Olaf:
— The South —
Shame on Confederate Air Force!
At Midland, Texas it was agreed the Confederate Air Force needed a name change, the staff providing four “less offensive99 choices from which members are scheduled to pick a “winner99 in October. This email is from nwaller@carol.net to susann28@funo.com of the CAF: By Nelson Waller
Dear Friends,
1 am shocked and saddened that you would give in to the intellectual fascism of this hour by considering censoring the word “Confederate” from your name. This name was chosen not only out of gratitude
Because we listened to them regarding the Confederate flag, they’re now calling for removal of the American flag. Do you think they won’t eventually demand your state be renamed and its flag replaced? The latter stands for the freshly seceded Texas Republic of 1839!
Do you think they won’t demand the eradication of everything in our culture that has anything to do with our past before their 1960s Cultural Revolution? Do you notice that no amount of concessions are ever enough for them?
How clueless and docile do we intend to be?
Thank you for hearing me out Please, no change.	□
the United Nations, including American servicemen serving under foreign command in U.N. peacekeeping operations, this particular bill goes beyond these concerns. It actually provides for U.S. withdrawal from the U.N...
Rep. Sonny Callahan Alabama District 1
Dear Mr. Childress:
While I agree that the UN is a flawed body that needs reform... slow to respond ... extraordinarily bureaucratic, and it has suffered from incompetent management ... I will continue to work to reform ...
Rep. Bud Cramer Alabama District 5
How can one sustain a dialog with the “powers that be” whilst making sport of their inanities? These are the questions:
Thank you for your email regarding the Capitol grounds. . . Dr. Warner may be reached at 334-242-3184. Feel free, too, to
contact my office with any further questions or thoughts you may have. Thanks, again, for your correspondence. I look forward to working with you in the days ahead.
Governor Don Siegelman
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
Cash Loans Pawn • Buy Sell • Trade
Guns • Tools Elect rooks Jewelry
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Stkkers • Beverages • Tobacco Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner — CapeCSA@aol.com Treasurer, Alabama League of the South
to our forebears but a delicious sense of funI
Anybody who has a problem with the name “Confederate Air Force” needs to get a sense ofhumor... and a life... and review the basics of good manners and common sense.
Really, it offends me that you would consider a name change on this basis. If you go through with it, I will never be able to think of your organization in any positive (much less patriotic) terms again.
You will find no attempt to appease or satisfy the radical leftist elements that demand these changes ever works. It only encourages them to go after the rest of civilization. Are you forgetting that their ringleader Je$$e JackSon once led students at Stanford University in chanting “Hey, hey, ho. ho, western culture's got to go "?
i---------------------------------———i
| BECOME A SUBSCRIBER! MANY j ! WILL BE READING THIS ISSUE AS \ ! A FREE SAMPLE THANKS TO ! i THOSE WHO HAVE SUBSCRIBED. 1 j SEE PAGE 8 FOR HOW TO JOIN US. |
One question: Why isn’t Dixie doing that?!
On August 21, the unincorporated township of Bingham, New Mexico, voted in a public referendum to declare itself a “UN-free Zone.” According to Mayor Clay Douglas, “Signs will be going up as soon as we can arrange it on US Highway 380.** Douglas is the editor of The Free American magazine and hosts a daily radio program.
This is the second known community to publicly remove itself from “united nations” jurisdiction, and to forbid the flying of “iul” flags from public property, to forbid the community from contracting with the “united nations” or any agency which does business with the “united nations.” Laverkin, Utah, passed its “Declaration of Independence” from the “united nations” on the 4th of July, 2001.
Cities and counties are considering similar measures in a number of states, mostly in the Rocky Mountains section of the country. Their frustration with radical environmentalism stemming from international bureaucracies such as the “united
nations” and the International Union for the Conservation of Nature has led them to place deliberate roadblocks at the local level. As one advocate in Utah said, “We are thinking globally, and acting locally.” That is an application of a “u.n.” slogan applied against them.
Townships and unincorporated communities have less legal status than larger cities and counties, and Douglas admits that, for now, the measure is largely symbolic. “But,” he adds, “if blue helmets show up in Bingham, it will be more substance than symbol, if you get my drift.”
Proponents of the UN-free Zones say that they are voluntarily removing themselves from the “entangling alliances” of bureaucracy and red tape created by international treaties and “agreements,” which they regard as nothing less than a war on private property and free enterprise. Opponents on both the left and right argue that local communities have no say in what happens to them, they should mind their
own business — picking up trash and repairing city streets.
Contact information: Mayor Clay Douglas 505-243-3250 Project Manager: Daniel New -UN-free Zones ddnew@nnwatch.com
CONFEDERATE CORNER
Located in Stonewall Feeds Hwys 158 and 43 - Saraland. AL 334-679-0372 Call or come by for Rebel items of any description: flags, stickers, pins, cups, mementos of every kind.
PLEASE ADVERTISE	I
your business in The First Freedom Sure, we put out this newspaper because somebody had to do it, and it's all our pleasure knowing what we’re doing is right. But we could use some extra help in reaching our goals for expansion.
September 2001 The Flr*t Freedom 7
OUTPOST Keep up the good work. Here is $24 for one year; please apply the extra $12 towards those that are ignorant to the importance of having a real people's paper with facts and useful insight.
E. WARD FAULK, III Mobile
HURRAH!
Love the paper. Keep up the great work. A old Yankee girl.
BETTY DELL Beloit, WI
LET’S HAVE ’EM I heard about y'all on 710 am (The Shane McBiyde Show] and would like my three free issues of The First Freedom.
STEVEN WEAVER Saraland
[To order three sent free to someone yon know as an introduction, just give us their postal address. But for those reading this issue, that’ll be$12 please.-Ed.)
I GET US OUT OF "UJt"
I have also sent letters to Callahan, Shelby, Sessions, etc., begging for their endorsement/sponsorship of this bill. My reply from Callahan: the “u.n.” was too important to the U.S. to get out of it I guess he hasn't figured out their true motive/ agenda yet! He refuses to vote according to his constituents* wishes, but votes instead for his own perverted agenda. I am hoping that when enough people wake up and see his voting record, they will decide that he is no longer worthy of the office. Sheeple, however, are hard to awaken from their apathetic naps. Keep us posted.
LINDA SEWELL Mobile
NO-BRAINER I’m a John Bircher, and have been for a long time. We are still trying to spread the mnfi to fbffow Americans that we need to get out of the ‘4u.n." It's a monster, and this country is still under a 100 year conspiracy to take us over. Alfredo Gramsci, a communist, said Russia couldn't take over America like the revolution Lenin used, but would have to put their cells in our schools, government, churches, news media, etc., and that's what they've done. God bless America.
HELEN BROOKS Mobile
SOUTH IS RISING I truly look forward to your newspaper every month and share it with as many as I can. How could we initiate something like The First Freedom here, get information on local politicians, etc.? We have the U.S. Army's incinerator here, and I know the longer those weapons pile up the greater the chance bad stuff can happen. I have no problem with the Army, but a big one with all this SPLC talk because it’s near a black neighborhood about how it's environmental racism. In today's paper, one of them wants us taxpayers to build him a new house, as the one he lives in has dust in it. If that lazy black won’t clean his house now and then, he won’t dust a new one. These people are running us crazy here. Advise us how to found a newspaper. We’re ready to start pushing back.
ROBERT SULLIVAN Ohatchee
(Start with a Calhoun County page in The First Freedom. Sell or pass out as many copies as you can. 10 cents each to your cost delivered in bulk. (Postage and handling of single subscriptions to what runs into money.) Order 200 of the next issue for $20, and rubber stamp them -Get extra copies or submit an article: (Your name and address)
Then distribute these at public meetings, churches, the county commission, flea markets, gun shows, American Legion, anywhere patriots gather. 1 will edit, verify and publish your local news page hoping advertisers from the area order extras and help get the word out. -Ed.)
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief ■ and to the point, for this is a small paper. (Sec masthead on page 2.)
LtfUn..,
FINEST FIRST FREEDOM Hah! Great new issue!!! Wonderfully varied and incisive - really your masterpiece thus far. So glad you cover the right to travel (some patriots have yet to see the point there) and the right to haul your own garbage. Many welcome insights in the issue, including historical - Rothschilds etc. Will probably order some extras. A/.V/.
NELSON WALLER Anderson, SC
TRUTH MARCHING ON I would like to know if 600 copies are available for immediate shipment; if not, what quantity on this short notice; also, the total amount for them. Need them by Sept 8th for handout along with other literature concerning immigration in Talledega, Shelby and Clay Counties.
WILLIAM ALEXANDER Citizens for Immigration Reform
Clanton
|Got ’em. 600 for $60 ppd. - Ed.)
THE PROBLEM I have appreciated The First Freedom and will try to write something for it I like to get at the heart of any subject and root out the self-contradictions. Our people are now split personalities, not knowing what they truly believe, all the while trying to speak out but being manipulated by the media-masters. Our problem is of belief/s. We believe lies quicker than Truth.
PHILIP L. BEVERLY Birmingham
THREE POTSHOTS I do not wish to be critical. Think of this as more of a team meeting. I have gotten three comments from people about the August issue calling some of the articles racist. Also, [Mayoral Candidate] Mrs. Rich said she had a problem with some of the
language toward Jews. One man referred to the article saying it was OK to use the “J” word and the “N” word. I am sure all the enemy can do to us is attack us by finding racist or borderline racist thoughts and then call us all racist. 1 hope you are sensitive to this fact, as it will hurt our credibility in the long run. There are many different ways to say the same thing, as you know. We must be just a little careful, I believe, when it comes to this subject. It is hard to ask society to tolerate us when we are intolerant of other groups. The flag represented many things, but racism was not one of them. I ask that you consider vetting the articles, to tone down those obvious provocative phrases. For instance, I am aware that you and some others don’t care for the financial world picture as it relates to Jewish people. I believe the Jews are God’s chosen people. 1 believe they have a right to Palestine, etc. as designated by the Bible. In any case, I will not attack any other group openly as it will only harm the cause we all fight for. Let me know what you think. Have a Dixie Day.
BEN GEORGE Saraland
(Each to his opinion. But when the old shoes they’re now throwing at you and Garfield up there on the fence turn to hardware, think carefully which side you’re coming down on. - Ed.)
FONDA
This was on front page of my July issue of CVE-Piper, a news print of our carrier association. Thought you would enjoy this. Please keep up the good work.
RALPH WATKINS Foley
(We did that story on traitor Hanoi Jane Fonda’s collaboration with the enemy in in our Dec. 1999 issue. “Woman of the year." Ugh! - Ed.)
PLACE TO START They are representatives and we expect government run according to what citizens want. The Governor's or the President's office is not the place to start. Our own back yard is where we must start and where we can make all these little victories add up to big ones. How many times can the mayor run and hide if we show up at every city council meeting? They cannot ignore us; we must be allowed to voice our opinion, but we must be there and do it consistently.
MICHAEL D. VON WERT FreeMississippi.org
DISAGREES Thanks for printing the info. We may all have differing views, but we have more alike than different	-	BJJ
Dear Senators Sessions 6 Shelby, Reps. Callahan, Everett, Riley, Cramer, Bachus St Hilliard: The First Freedom to encouraging readers to support Rep. Ron Paul’s “Anti-U.N. bill” (HR 1146). 1 ask you “Please do no# support this bill." Some do not know their history and how an international body can make strides to correct problems throughout the world. Our own Eleanor Roosevelt’s draft of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was adopted by the U.N. in 1948. It lays out protective^ for every individual in the world, quite like onr own Constitution does and more.
BEVERLY JO JONES Saraland
(History deals with the past, not the future. Is Eleanor enforcing her UDHR about like today’s New World Orderlies are obeying the U.S. Constitution? — Ed.|
“Any society which suppresses the heritage of its conquered minorities, prevents their history and denies them their symbols, has sewn the seed of its own destruction.”
-Sir William Wallace, 1281 AJ>.

( <Sel^yoj/ernment Acyit
Acre, citizens' o- jfflfiAi/e andvicinity /$/oa sour in tAis> /taper fAat not tAc Aiy dai/yj Aoar tAc recent property taco e/ection ioa&> rtyyed. We/l, let- u& un -oote- tAat taw AiAt',
andunseat a/ earyfooAs'.
LATE BULLETIN Lee Warner will not eject protesters from his next taxpayer-funded “public” meeting: a slick move won’t let them in. An expensive-looking folder just mailed, “Old Schools in a New Century,” gives his Black Heritage Council’s Annual Preservation Conference theme for Sept 28-29 at our State Capitol as: “.-historic schools ... key to preserving neighborhoods and farmland and to combating suburban sprawl ... Restricted Income ($10.00) Individual ($25.00) Corporate ($100.00) ($500.00) ($1000.00)
THE AGENDA Politically correct: stem cell research, abortion, euthanasia, eating fetuses, adultery, homosexuality, cloning, recreation, taking the name of God our Father in Heaven’s name in vain, murder, rape, incest, hate crime laws, children’s rights over God’s laws, man's laws over God’s laws, drugs, deception, cheating, stealing, worshiping god the father of darkness (satan), changing the meaning of God's words and laws, child abuse, suicide. I’m sure I forgot some. It's all part of the new age agenda, new world movement! I’m politically incorrect, U.S.A., where do you stand?
BOB HULL Stockton
Investigation being conducted into alleged irregularities surrounding the property-tax referendum on May 15.
Information sought that will aid investigation of possible wrongdoing.
You can aid our investigation by supplying information about possible misconduct on the part of public officials, public employees and/or others during the period preceding the property-tax referendum, such as:
• Documents supporting the Yes vote that were produced using school equipment, supplies andfor manpower,
•	Materials supporting Yes vote that were sent home via
students or otherwise distributed by school employees andfor displayed on school property;
•	Stealing of Vote No campaign signs and other attempts to deny free expression to Vote No supporters including tactics employed to embarrass andfor otherwise intimidate indviduals into si^rpiessing their apposing uewpoints;
•	Evidence that students or other minors were encouraged or in some way influenced by school employees or other adiits to steal Vote No signs;
•	Indications that students or other minors were used in anv significant way by Vote Yes supporters to improve their side's chances of winning.
•	False or otherwise misleading statements made by puttie offiaals anchor public employees regarding details of proposed property-tax hike or financial circumstances of school system that ailegedy made increase necessary.
Send us photos, flyers, documents and/or a note detailing your observations or well-founded suspicions of unfair, illegal or unethical activity surrounding the recent property-tax referendum. Please make a copy of this flyer and pass it along. Thank you.
Citizens for Better Government
P 0. BOX 191213 MOBILE. AL 36619-6213 662-3100
8 The Pint Freedom September 2001	—Baldwin County —
County commission obedient to the NWO, wants our submission, too
Readers of The First Freedom know about Curtis Bosby and Son9 a private hauler who has received the usual exception granted all blacks. Nothing against his luck in being allowed to remain as the only competition against Baldwin County's collection rackety but the rest of us would also like to haul trash to the “public” dump. About ex-commissioner Hilo Middleton's persecution for taking sides with those he was elected to represent; anyone can find the particulars at http:/Avww.gulfteLcom/homefree/ by clicking on a few of the “rural area garbage mandate” articles. You'll also find there why the editor of this paper was thrown in jaiL
To the Bold win County Commission:
Let me summarize what I was trying to persuade the Baldwin County Commission to consider Tuesday, July 31, 2001 before sticking a shoe in my mouth. Apologies to Chairman Faust and County Administrator Koncar for having repeated what I had read in the papers. (We may be in accord that the media have been known to lie, and lie out of liberal habit.)
Here’s my proposal. Four wrongs don't make a right, but one resolution could right four wrongs. I’m talking about real RESOLUTION, in capital letters, not the kind that bends over each time instructions come down from above.
■ 1. Reopen Magnolia Landfill to the people of Baldwin County. Let citizens pay at the scale for whatever weight brought in on a Baldwin County (number 5) licensed pickup, no papers to fill out agreeing to produce garbage weekly. Let the landfill personnel hand over to the district attorney.
if he so desires, the names of those thus unloading trash but not complying with a weekly garbage quota.
■	2. Let it be the sense of the Baldwin County Commission that citizen testimony on many occasions indicates former commissioner Hilo Middleton was singled out and thus unjustly prosecuted and fined; his dignity and forfeits deserving to be restored pending prosecution by the district attorney of all other resisters.
■	3. Since Curtis Bosby and Son have been picking up Steve Johnson’s weekly garbage outside the area in which that firm was permitted to operate south of Fairhope, let it be the sense of the Baldwin County Commission that any legal charges in this instance should be against Bosby, and that those pending against Johnson ought to be dropped.
■	4. Give all private haulers the same privilege as Bosby. Restore our indigenous idea of private enterprise, find internal
ROT DOCTOR
All exterior and Interior repairs Painting — Carpentry Serving Baldwin County
JOE HILL 990-9675
“It will be done correctly”
employments for incarcerated labor; individual haulers don’t need competition from slaves. Slaveiy may be profitable, but the Thirteenth Amendment forbids it.
Olaf Childress Silverhill
(The Baldwin County Commission has “carefully” mulled over the above appeal now for more than a month. I’m holding my breath waiting? Naw, actually just being sarcastic. As Joe Faust gaveled me out of order on closing the meeting, they forgot about this request immediately.)
Terminal Phase
The search for truth rages within many a breast from awakened maturity until the demise of last vigor. Facing up to this world’s problems, intrepid seekers aren’t disposed to share in the timorous liberal’s fears.
We, the rational, appreciate contention! Lacking any outside challenge, that drive which so obviously motivates everyone to peak performance would downshift into snooze mode; for which reason, let us not only accept its summons and introduce those sleepy headed, herd instinct, peecee scalawags to better vision, but, as a solemn duty, shake them awake each new day with sound logic. If hiding from truth is the habit of such would-be teachers, what greater opportunity for protracted conflict without bloodshed! Rip off their shields, make them see!
All who laughed at their liberal myth of New Soviet Man before that fiction fell flat on its face were also, for similar reasons, quick to decry any westernized version of the experiment And when George Bush the Elder proposed, with straight face, his New World Order a.k.a. central planning, these same patriots reckoned it better to continue bungling along without essential reforms if the media only wanted to discuss such no-brainers as contrived by eggheads unwilling to admit the weighty evidence that they had never got anything right
Discovering where socialism's experts were coining from meant asking why they couldn’t concede mistakes. True thinkers begin with the known science, advancing step by tested step; and, anytime finding themselves on a wrong path, aren't all that embarrassed at backing up to the point of divergence.
Ah! So the mediacrat “professional,” he who perpetrates untruths knowingly, has other motives than simply keeping the journals? Very good; shall we advance the inference further? Is this investigator more trigger-happy facing conspiracy theorists, homophobes (his word) and racists (ditto), than m-m-multiculturalists (d-ditto)?
Starting with the empirical truth of his trafficking in pure fiction, disinformation that impersonates “news” to attain political goals (if you haven’t sensed as much I may
! The First Freedom | P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576
imUHAftC---------“------------------!
j HAIL'ADDRESS--------------------- |
| cm---------------------n------nr i
■ □ Here's S12 for a one-year subscription! j □ For I	extend my expiration
date by the same number of months^
I □ $20 for 200 extra copies of this issue.
* □ $20 for 200 extra copies of next issue. !
j □ $________enclosed	as	a	patron.
' Email, ttLnr. or comment:
i
h
I— ---------  —----------------    Ji
By Olaf Childress
be wasting your time); advancing beyond the established fact of his having defended known Soviet spies, we can arrive at but one inescapable conclusion. For, as I say, this thing is nowadays declared openly. The mediacracy didn’t arise naturally.
It was premeditated among many groups and a certain type of character, their common denominator being great lust for power. Participants in this bizarre family adopted one another haphazardly enough, though.
First, the father figure: Lord Sam with white goatee. Having seized jurisdiction over our states, said estates genuflecting since Lincoln’s invasion but no longer dotingly calling him “Uncle,” he was an aging federalism requiring a growing army of caretakers and officers plus the fiction of continued threats to his plantation; else what’s to keep us serfs sending tributes up the hill?
When Lord Sam’s feasts grew sparse, a knight like Woodrow Wilson or FDR would go dashing about these holdings raising rents. We shall look closer at the latter gallant in a moment; for, if no class act, his feudal maneuvers did attract quite a collection of published poets, although few newspapers back then were inclined to spend all their ink praising daddy’s party.
Such editorial reluctance had to change. We might not care to admit wars are planned, staged and begun deliberately, but do see that in any national emergency (they usher political bastards to legitimacy fast!) “temporary” federal seminaries get created which soon acquire, against widespread opposition, seemingly irreversible clout -institutionalized without referenda.
All appointed, none elected: what we have subsidized is a bureaucracy of crisis managers who, once (and forever?) on the public payroll, find a neat and profitable place to inure; awesome such power and prestige, the nominal salary sometimes no more than a tip to sweeten up where the real money comes from. Need I explain?
Big daddy, little enforcers, and a great ruling hall to which fifty outlying farms would be paying homage. Whether that castle on the hill advertised for a nanny or not, she was bound to appear. For (it had grown obvious) such a lord, even with the most perfectly obedient staff, could not possibly string one war or emergency after
1HIMIC ItQ
say the One Worlders.
Okay, I’m thinking Hfljfl IMU). A second daily paper to each city wallowing sloppily in what’s being fed by a liberal monopoly! That’s the menu, one dish for the lot of you. But The First Freedom offers dichotomy! Says the staff of this modest tabloid: Think
m
Bringing our
another as justification for such dominance unless a keen and distractingly intuitive helpmate came along to glamorize the show.
Yes, that all-mother came. Necessary had only been for corruptible elements in the existing information channels to see themselves wed to, and assuming control of (okay, it would take a little nagging now and then), all actions the nominal head of empire might undertake. Suggestions at first, later hints of withholding favors; more emphatic words to the stepchildren -and soon that whole family would shape up under mama’s guiding wisdom.
Which explains her toddlers attempting lockstep while tripping constantly over their feet; for she kept them dependent and gazing expectantly at the teetering sky.
When mama unpacked back in the 1930s, those really were the worst of times. Suddenly, farm machinery never available until then had produced an overabundance of food. What a problem! End of the world?
That unanticipated surplus had naturally depressed prices and many growers were over their heads in debt for delivering too many unneeded goods with equipment they had hocked the farms to get. It was time for some soul-searching adjustments, but these never came.
The law of natural selection should have decided who stayed with farming, which paths beckoned the others. Food might have remained cheaper in the meanwhile, agricultural profits practically nonexistent and unemployment at high levels; for such technological leaps are bound to disrupt everyone’s complacency.
One incontrovertible fact remained, however. During the throes of depression, America stood it far better than the older countries, in fact was ever subject to their awe; still the world’s wonder, mankind’s truest hope.
Where nineteen out of twenty settlers in the New England colonies had farmed as necessity, late in the twentieth century fewer than one in twenty cultivated the soil to feed the United States while maintaining this country’s preeminence as the world’s food exporter.
But that pride and productivity would suddenly cease when the NAFTA scheme got versified, for mama had matronized the poets of her vanities back in FDR’s time.
If government hadn’t interfered with the law of natural selection in that crunch, an excess of farmers might’ve moved to other occupations, those tractors remaining idle only while farm profits were down or until bought by surviving growers. Which should have prevented no home gardener or bom rustic from tending his tract at break-even. It would simply have meant that, in the event of market or crop failure or whatever of a timeworn occupation's many hazards, others were not going to provide free insurance after the feet
wills to bear
Instead, Franklin D. Roosevelt's regime rampaged like a herd of buffalo into the market to “rescue” this nation from its trial before the court of higher law. His portrait hangs as mama's favorite son ever since.
One can appreciate Thomas Jefferson’s prescience of old Frank and his so-called Brain Trust when warning us that “eternal vigilance is the price of freedom.” For the key men surrounding FDR comprised a membership clique during the thirties of the Council on Foreign Relations, having been incorporated in 1921 by Ed House, avowed Marxist and the chief advisor to President Woodrow Wilson.
Ah, yes, citizens! There’s quite a bit they haven’t told you. Stick around, it’s all documented.
As New York’s governor, Roosevelt had already shown himself a an extreme socialist who just couldn’t wait for enough situations at which to throw government solutions. When he became president, it was understood by banks, business leaders and investors that here was a loose cannon, an unpredictable threat against the free market wherein they had made fortunes while providing jobs to millions.
But, before he was through tampering, other bankers - those drooling to finance his war, who owned the Federal Reserve System - would gain control of the media outright.
One might argue that if government hadn’t then intruded, not even to the extent of the “limited” or “temporary” measures proposed (to say nothing of the behemoth actually created), under no circumstances would citizens have taken their investment capital out of circulation - nor had local banks foreclosed and doomed farmlands: fallow assets that became value-losers.
But since the moneychangers and FDR’s Brain Trustees were one and the same, normal logic did not apply. Rather than resolving the currency crisis, growing confusion of impending federal tinkering caused a wait-and-see attitude.
Which was precisely what big mama’s scheming had intuited. A healthy market in temporary recession offered no social gain: gloom and doom being her ticket to glory. The lady was a bora slummer.
If it’s hard to believe we are thus cheated by public servants sworn to defend in good faith the U.S. Constitution, I beg forbearance. We are examining here the politics of a hypocritical century, and it gets much worse. In considering what valuable lessons might be drawn from those painful “solutions” inflicted on the country by Roosevelt and his gang, how we might eject such media and lobbyist types from out our lives in the future, know this truth: Representative democracy is the bringing of our wills to bear. No system of self-government automatically endures, nor any means of deposing The Big Lie forever. Honor is earned. Dignity takes vigilance. These are not natural rights. □