SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-lime readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience I severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.” But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.

Self-government begins at home
what only individuals can chew. It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.

Volume 5 Number 2
www.gul ftcl .com/homefree
February 2003
The Editor
I wish to call attention to discrepancies
Garbage delinquent found guilty in criminal court
between the story of my court case in this issue and your describing that case in the previous issue under the heading. Report from L.A. Few of the purported facts in said article were correct, but this was no fault of The First Freedom.
At that time, a week prior to Christmas, 1 was frantic and still in shock over being labeled a criminal. I had no idea how to handle the summons, and kept changing my mind as new facts emerged. I spoke with the editor on several occasions, each time with a different plan, and (under a tight deadline) nothing was put in writing.
The story in this issue appears to be true and factual in every respect. Just sign me, THE GARBAGE CRIMINAL Baldwin County, Alabama
Applicable fines by statute: $63,500.00 minimum, $254,000.00 maximum*
Garbage Criminal, you and 1 are proof that the fight for liberty will not go away. Steve Johnson, John Lores II and John Fender having formed Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County in 1994, The First Freedom undertook to fifl the void when that Initial effort failed to stop this syndicate from being set up without a referendum of any kind. Uh, sure, there were media events arranged to give the appearance of “public input," but the deal had already been cut when Jim Zumwalt, freshly booted for similar work down at Tampa, migrated here as county administrator to write a secret plan for our local rural area garbage mandate p similar fashion as Alger Hiss, the convicted spy, had been chief architect of the Mu.n.”). And when the Baldwin County Commission sent Mr. Zumwalt packing, he next landed with the Paducah, Kentucky taxpayers.
[Folks, help the Garbage Criminal. Send a check to Liberty Consulting, 10909 VS. Hwy 98, Fairhope, AL 36532.)]
CRIMINAL’S NAME:
AGE:H SEX: M RACE: W OCCUPATION: SELF-EMPLOYED D.O.B:HH HT:— COLOR EYES COLOR HAIR:	WEIGHT:	■■
— FACTS OF CASE —
CRIME:	GARBAGE ACCOUNT DELINQUENCY
AMOUNT OF DELINQUENCY: $185.55 PLEA:	NOT GUILTY
GROUNDS: U.S. CONSTITUTION - EXCESSIVE FINES COURT RULING: GUILTY
GROUNDS: FAULTY REASONING. DEFENDANT WAS PAYING HIS ACCOUNT DOWN.
SENTENCE: 5 DAYS IN COUNTY CUSTODY (SUSPENDED)
12 MONTHS UNSUPERVISED PROBATION $100.00 FINE $185.55 RESTITUTION $210.00 COURT COSTS
•Fines calculated by Jim Zeigler, Attorney
This is no joke, folks. The editor of this paper was in the courtroom and Mr. SIV has shown him the documents.
Alabama Statute 22-27, 1-7, better known to readers of this paper as the Garbage Law. allowed cumulative fines of $63,500 - $254,000. Mr HHi quickly paid the $185.55 restitution as soon as the judge named that sum, “in order to stop the potential fines from getting any higher,” he said. The statute allows for fines of $50 to $200 per day of violation. Mr.HH has been delinquent since 1998 (but steadily paying PS afccbfinf down since May 20
Mr. !■■■■■ believes this is a very dangerous law. He says that, according to the penalty provisions, a person only two months delinquent (i.e., $23.70 in arrears) could be fined, by law, $3,000 to $ 12,000!
In addition to the fines, Mr.HH^H is also concerned with the criminality of it. He said, “The burden of criminality is the
engine that drove me to court. The image of poor people, stooped under such a burden simply because they are poor, is etched in my mind forever.”
Mr.iHH has asked to be identified only as the unnamed criminal at present, this for several reasons. He has a budding 1HHH business, and fears being a convicted criminal may hurt his reputation and that business. He said he is also fearful of being on probation and is still subject to the jail time. He is on tenuous financial footing (flat broke, and this case consuming all his time for over a month). The man has no savings or health insurance, desperately needs dental work, and drives an old truck which is on its last legs' He has made clear to The First Freedom, however, that he wants no sympathy or personal help, only that the facts of his case be made known so people are aware of the potential abuse this law allows.
“I’ve always minded my own business and taken care of my own problems,” he said. “This ordeal has set me back and put
me on dangerous financial footing, but I'll deal with that myself, just like my garbage bill. 1 was paying it down because 1 don’t want to be a burden on others. 1 couldn't not fight this. Our liberty is at stake with laws like this, and it's my civic duty to stand up and fight regardless of personal consequences.”
When asked if he planned to appeal. Mr. HHHH said, “Most likely, but I'm not sure. 1 want this law ruled unconstitutional, and think 1 have the case to do it. But that will take time and money, which 1 don't have. So, at some point, 1 may call on my fellow citizens to stand with me by helping establish a defense fund. We'll see. Maybe there's a sympathetic lawyer out there
somewhere. I've got 14 days to appeal.m
— Story by: Anonymous [Editor’s note: At press time, we learn that Mr.H^HH has appealed. My hope is that he hangs tight, that we can somehow get a class action suit going here. Read the seven-part story of a Garbage Police fiasco online at www.gulftel.com/homcfrec]
Resistance to tyranny across the South: a story the media won’t touch
The media is where we lost it, folks, and The real Georgia flag was never lost, as They claim a referendum on the issue will	Alabama, where several distinguished men
we’ll regain our liberty only when more	these pictures of last month’s inaugural for take another four years. Yet what do these spoke on the occasion of this state’s 142nd
newspapers like the one you’re reading are	a new Governor replacing the Scalawag	pictures tell your eyes?	Secession Day anniversary (below), most
available at Shell Stations everywhere.	indicate. But the media just won’t admit it.	And on Jan. 11, 2003 at Montgomery, of the media simply ignored the event. D
IT LOOKS BETTER - There s no question ITS EASY - Goes right over the “stars loll on*
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL - As verified by the State Revenue Dept.
AND ITS ENDORSED -
-I don’t think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag In the state of Alabama. I can say it to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I’m In the state legislature, I’m going to do everything known to human Ingenuity to take that Heart of Olxie off the Alabama tag." - Rep. Alvin Holmes, February 2002 in a WSFA-TV interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution costs) to:
STICKER	»—rW
P.0. Box 681343	w*- <4 taft
Prattville. AL 36068
2 The First Freedom February 2003	— A different slant On the news —
HERE’S WHAT WAS IGNORED OR MISREPORTED ELSEWHERE
No such thing as free lunch? Dixie-haters eat gratis at
SIX BLACK LADIES having dined at the Cracker Barrel in East Montgomery on Jan. 11,2002, the 141 st Anniversary of Alabama's secession, had walked out without paying ‘in protest against Whites singing Dixie." said the assistant manager's wife, so they did not want to hear that evil song following this year’s post-commemoration luncheon there. The three dozen Alabama Coalition members finished eating and sang Dixie, of course. An equal number of others present, observing their antebellum attire and jovial camaraderie - asking what was going on - were all handed copies of The First Freedom. Then, as the hoop-skirted belles and coattailed men got up to pay and leave. Manager Buddy Roberts did what play-it-safe “leaders" do, by publicly disapproving such behavior, especially the handing out of literature that explained it. Unexplained is why he didn't get paid by those six Black “ladies" one year earlier. If the latter sing We Shall Overcome. and six Whites grab that cue for a free meal, will Mr. Roberts oblige them? Obviously, if he knows why the offended party didn't pay, they didn’t just sneak out
ERASING OUR BORDERS (see page 6) is one job U.S. “representatives** know how to handle, and that project requires every illegal vote the left-wing media can swing for keeping such fellow travelers as Senator Jon Kyi (R-Arlz.) in office on behalf of his alien constituency. Hospitals in Mexico are pointing their ambulances north when they discover a patient can*t pay for services and has no insurance, reported the Washington Times on Dec. 12, 2002. And, because many U.S. “emergency rooms along the border have shut down, and others will close because they simply cannot afford to stay open,** explains Kyi, he is offering a bill for federal reimbursement of emergency care for illegal aliens. While his proposal would simply exacerbate the problem by creating an even larger incentive for Mexican ambulance raids, Kyi sees each illegal, sick vote as a vote.
QUOTAS, QUOTAS, QUOTAS. “I’m not talking about a weepy, left-wing effort to ensure that more Vietnamese and Jews get to play offensive tackle," says Ward Connerly of the American Civil Rights Institute. “Those positions are still assigned to the players with the most, well... you know, talent and drive. 'Multiculturalism* doesn't hold much water on the playing field. No, the latest efforts of the ‘diversity* cartel and their hired shakedown emissary, Mr. Johnnie Cochran - he of O. J. Simpson fame - demand that professional football teams hire more Black front-office personnel and head coaches. And if the teams don’t toe the line, Cochran and company have threatened to sue them and the NFL... The threatened lawsuit is Cochran’s stick; his carrot is a proposal to award any NFL team that hires more Black coaches extra draft choices, and, in turn, withhold draft picks from teams not willing to play along." * I
The first Freedom
PO Box 385. SOvcrhill. AL 36576 Email: hpmefiee@gulfiel.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Caperton, Jane Doughty, I Terri Fulton. Nick Jongrbloed. Linda Sewell. Tom
Smith. Boh Taylor Nelson Waller. Ellen Williams
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-year I subscription by mail anywhere in U-S.
Setf-guvemment begins at home. Citizens are
I free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction Why not let yomr ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided frill credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet« necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts: email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification.
I Only name and locality will be printed_______
NO CONSCIENCE. The Israeli Supreme Court in Jerusalem has ruled that Army reservists refusing to serve in the Occupied Territories for “reasons of conscience,** cannot be exempted from such duty. More than 70 Israeli army reservists, including at least two dozen officers, stated they would no longer serve in the West Bank and Gaza because of Israeli brutality in the Palestinian territories, saying they would not fight beyond the border between Israel and the West Bank, “occupying, deporting, destroying, blockading, killing, starving and humiliating an entire people.** The three-judge panel saw things otherwise. Ruling the Army could not recognize “selective** conscientious objectors, the court forgot that, after WWII, key Nazi defendants were brought to trial before an International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg charged with “war crimes** and “crimes against humanity,** some of them insisting they were only following orders and therefore should be immune to prosecution. So, just whom do these Holohoaxers think they’re kidding?
SNEAKY AND CALLOUS. Now we learn that the U.S. Senate, the so-called “most deliberative body in the world," will quietly let former Majority Leader Trent Lott keep his chauffeur and car “to sofren the blow" to Mr. Lott, since he is no longer Senate majority leader. According to the Fox News report, “There is no known precedent for a Senate leader of either party who resigned his post in a similar manner retaining his taxpayer-subsidized car and driver." Granted, the SI00,000 or so that it will cost yearly to provide Senator Lott with a chauffeur and car is only a drop in the ocean of federal spending. Yet it is this kind of sneaky and callous behavior by the “most deliberative body in the world" that makes the average taxpayer seasick.
EBONY TOWER. Somehow those Vanderbilt University officials think it*s just fine when one of their “affirmative action" elite professors publicly declares every Southern Confederate Veteran surviving the 1861-65 northern invasion should’ve been hanged, yet they run for cover when It turns out we unashamed Southerners not only outnumber their guilt-ridden academics but also know how to defend ourselves. It*s about time they learned some manners and history. Why did Vandy announce in September it would rename Confederate Memorial Hall something “less controversial?" It was during the Great Depression that the Tennessee division. United Daughters of the Confederacy, donated S50,000 to help build that dorm, and now the UDC is suing to stop Vanderbilt’s move. So here comes VU, asking the court to keep confidential any document that discloses the name of an administrator, officer, employee, or member of its Board of Trust that had a part in that decision. This Is a public institution?
TODAY’S COLLEGE SENIORS are less educated than students graduating from high school in 1955, two new studies have shown. The National Association of Scholars took questions asked of seniors in 1955 by the Gallup organization and put those same questions to college seniors in 2002. The average of correct answers to a series of questions measuring “general cultural knowledge" was 53.5 percent for today’s college seniors, compared to 54.5 percent of high school graduates and 77 percent of college graduates in 1955. The National Endowment for the Humanities found a great many Americans unable to name the document that rules the division of federal government powers. Eight percent said “the Marshall Plan." 2 percent “the Declaration of Independence." 26 percent “the Articles of Confederation." Only 60 percent correctly said “the Constitution."
THE REAL LINCOLN. Congressman Jesse Jackson, Jr., of Chicago, having put language in a Department of Interior appropriations bill instructing the National Park Service to propagandize slavery as the sole cause of the northern invasion at all Civil War park sites, Marxist historian Eric Foner has joined forces with him to assist the Park Service with this rewriting of history to benefit the far leftist agenda. Jackson has candidly described the effort as “a down payment on reparations." Foner is quite familiar with the “art" of rewriting politically-correct history. He was chairman of the committee at Columbia University that awarded the “prestigious" Bancroft Prize in history to Emory University's Michael A. Bellesiles, author of the anti-Second Amendment book, “Arming America," which turned out to be fraudulent (Bellesiles was forced to resign from Emory and his publisher has ceased publishing the book). - LewRockwell.com
“ANTI-TERRORIST" police are now using a suspected copyright infringement to raid the homes of political dissidents. Southern patriot Byron Calvert was raided one morning by the FBI Terrorism Task Force, the search warrant based on a possible copyright infringement. Allegedly Calvert had printed the “Nike" logo on a teeshirt. That was the pretext for a search. All his computer equipment, CD’s, business records, teeshirt machine, almost all his belongings, were seized by the FBI with local police assistance and the media in tow. Calvert was handcuffed while the search took place, though he wasn’t arrested. Charges may be forthcoming, however, on some other pretext once the FBI has finished with his computer and other belongings. Welcome to the USA Patriot Act, patriot Calvert.
GRASSROOTS ACTIVISM. While the invasion of California continues apace, in Holland, Michigan they take the media sob sisters for open borders to task. The victory for immigration moderates at their Jan. 22 city council meeting dealt a new Mexican illegal alien ID card called the “matricula consular" another in a string of setbacks. Disappointing the large and angry crowd of Mexican nationals in attendance, including the Mexican Consulate General of Detroit, the council voted at its meeting to “table indefinitely" a narrow resolution that would have authorized limited recognition of the card. The battle against the Mexican illegal alien ID is being waged effectively in other areas, too. State legislation drafted by these two grassroots organizations — NumbersUSA and Friends of Immigration Law Enforcement (FILE) — which would bar acceptance of the Mexican ID card, has already been introduced in two states and other states are set to follow.
GIVE US OUR FLAG, says Georgia to the new Republican Party Governor and legislators, who find themselves in charge of the Senate for first time in 130 years. Yet they’re listening for now only to the media, the same polls that covered up ex-Governor Whatsizname's slim-to-none chances of surviving his attempt at replacing the state*! battle flag motif with “u.n." blue. Forget the “official" version. Rea! Georgia flags are outselling that “Jesse Jackson rag" across the state, as flagpoles continue sprouting in front yards, along the highways and on top of cafes. “I want to hear from you," says new Senate Floor Leader Bill Stephens. “Let me know your ideas for changing Georgia. Together, we can build a New Georgia!" Replies veteran flagger Carl Sears: “The more I read in the press, the more convinced I become that the Georgia Republican Party does not like to win elections. The choice is yours, Mr. Stephens, our way or the highway. We have long memories."
“Cracker Barrel!”
HEARTLESS HOLMES, a.k.a. state “representative" Alvin Holmes, after by guile having removed the prominently displayed official “Heart of Dixie" motto and heart symbol from Alabama's auto tags, replacing them with his cutesy “stars fell on," wants to rewrite a few more Montgomery street names. In the 1970s he sponsored the dedication of Interstate 85 in Montgomery to Martin Luther King Jr.; which wasn’t enough, naturally. Being “offended" with a name like Andrew Jackson, now he wants that street also changed to honor M.L. King. And Hall Street should celebrate activist Johnny Carr, Clinton Street remember Rosa Parks* attorney E.D. Nixon, Bragg Street take the Bolshevist bow before Idessa Redden (another hero of the bus boycott). It’s rumored he’s working on a new name for the city.
TOTALITARIANS TRUMPED. By voice vote the U.S. Senate on January 23 decided to stop all funding for the Defense Department’s infamous Total Information Awareness program until the Pentagon can prove to Congress that it doesn't violate the privacy rights of Americans. That vote also prohibits the Pentagon from transferring the program to another agency in a back door bid for funding. The TIA scheme was a project of the Information Awareness Office (IAO), in turn under the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). All of this snooping ties in with the USA Patriot Act, signed into “law" by your “representatives" having read none of its 1,000-plus pages typed up miraculously overnight as the 9-11 fires were raging.
THAT’S PROFIT, any way you stock it. Having already created an uproar with his insidious plan to install a statue of the tyrant Lincoln in this Capitol of the Confederacy, chairman Robert Kline of the U.S. Historical Society of Richmond then announced plans to sell 750 “official" bronze miniatures of the statue for $875 each plus $25 shipping and handling. “It appears that checks for these replicas are to be made payable to the United States Historical Society, an entity entirely different from the U.S. Historical Society,** Rep. Virgil H. Goode Jr., (R) VA, complained to the National Park Service. “Is this a scheme to profit the United States Historical Society, which claims in its literature to be a nonprofit organization?"
THOU SHALT NOT bear false witness against the constitution, U.S. District Court Judge Karl S. Forester told the ACLU in Lexington, Ky. on Jan. 22 when dismissing that group's lawsuit to exclude the Ten Commandments from a Kentucky courthouse; “...a tremendous affirmation that the legal attack aimed at removing the Ten Commandments from places like the Mercer County courthouse is legally flawed and without merit," said Francis J. Manion, senior counsel of the American Center for Law and Justice, which public interest law firm had represented Mercer County in the case. Still, that won't stop atheists like Mo Dees from trying. But it does give some reassurance to folks aiming to, if necessary, bodily block any attempt at removing their Decathlon Stone from the Alabama Supreme Court, whose Chief Justice gladly confesses his reverence for the highest law of all.
jJTjh^y 1*7 uuiduXlo*
Li R> hot, S hotter'n S' hottest jBRL One bottle barbecue sauce / Bi Two bottles hot sauce HBLI $9.00 + $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397 PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs. CSA 36555
February 2003 The Pint Freedom 3
The standard hypocrisy
By James “Lee” Weaver
wi4r@earthlink.net
Mr. Gephardt said, “My own personal feeling is that the Confederate flag no longer has a place flying anytime, anywhere in our great nation.** My own personal feeling is that Mr. Gephardt should not be making public statements like this. He clearly states that this is his own personal feeling. How is the expression of Mr. j Gephardt's own personal feeling any different than the expression of Mr. Lott's own personal feeling, or any of the rest of us? Both — when traveling and making public appearances at taxpayer expense — should withhold their own personal feeling and express only the feelings of their constituents. Better yet, since it is impossible to say anything without offending someone, why don't they just stand there in front of the audience, smile, keep their mouth shut and say nothing.
As a taxpayer, I would feel my dollars
Action alert
Heritage Battle Rages in Alabama
This state plans to use federal funds to transform the Confederate heritage of the state capitol, ex A ponding the grounds to include the spot where Martin Luther King once spoke - but fierce resistance has blocked the project
Our story, which first appeared in the American Free Press some months back, to reprinted especially for newly-elected Governor Bob Riley, who may not even be aware of what It was that cost Don Siegelman the same job. Let's tell him.
By Janies P. Tucker Jr.
The governor and the Alabama Historical Commission “are planning to waste $5.8 million of taxpayers' money to desecrate and change the historic boundary and slopes of the state capitol grounds,'* said Roger Broxton, president of the Confederate Heritage Fund.
Broxton's group has sued to prevent Gov. Don Siegelman from acting on the commission's recommendations on grounds it violates state law, which says the governor and commission are only "authorized and empowered to promote and preserve the historic character and architectural purity of the capitol building and grounds.**
"They have no legal authority to change the boundary or slopes of the capitol grounds," Broxton said. The suit, asking for an order prohibiting the renovation, was filed in Montgomery County Circuit Court in Birmingham on Jan. 14.
The Confederacy appears to have won the first round. The governor has delayed the renovations indefinitely, citing budget problems. He told the commission “to suspend all recommendations regarding proposed changes in the state capitol until the state of Alabama is in a better financial condition."
However, the federal government would pay the costs of the project
Lee Warner, executive director of the commission, said Siegelman had approved the concept. But the commission has not put forward a final plan and it may die from opposition.
“If the governor is not willing to expend any political capital, it’s probably going to leave it in limbo," said Allen Cronenberg, head of the commission.
Broxton said the plan calls for expanding the boundaries of the capital grounds so they would include a spot where Martin Luther King Jr. once spoke. It also calls for filling in steep slopes that have always characterized the capital grounds.
The soil at Alabama's capital is as sacred as the soil at Independence Hall in Philadelphia where the United States was
JCAlAwAG
or m m(mu
were better spent One more expression of my personal feeling: Mr. Gephardt in his statement refers to “our great nation." I wonder if he even stopped to think that what makes our nation great is the fact that we can fly that flag. When that flag comes down under these conditions, our nation ceases to be any greater than, say, those “Axis of Evil” places.
Action alert
CALENDAR
Feb. 4,1861 At Montgomery, the Confederate States of America organizes first session of Congress.
Feb. 8,1861 Provisional Constitution of Confederate States unanimously adopted at Montgomery, Alabama.
Feb. 9,1861 Jefferson Davis elected President, Alexander Stephens Vice President ofCSA.
Feb. 12,1861 At Montgomery, the
Provisional Congress of the CSA provides for a Peace Commission to the United States.
Feb.1?, 2003 ^OaM Alabama
Historical Commission meets at Montgomery in the Capitol Auditorium basement.
Feb. 16,2003 2 PM Alabama Coalition meets at Confederate Memorial Park, Marbury.
JOHN PELHAM HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION INVITES YOU TO THE 140th Anniversary of the interment of
“The Gallant Pelham” 30 March 2003 - 2 PM
JACKSONVILLE FIRE STATION (Former location of Baptist Church) Jacksonville, Alabama
RAIN OR SHINE
To d fbtn of the Alabaai lofar «f Af Sratfc: Our state conference for 2003 is scheduled for March S. Tins year's meeting will be held al the state capitol m the Archives room 1030 am-3 m.
■ Scheduled to speak at this time are League President Dr. Michael HiU & Franklin Sanders. Entertainment by Basic Grey. Tour of the capitol. More details soon, and current members should receive an invitation by mail in the next few weeks. All members should make plans to attend. Let's get our message out to the general public.
For the Southern Cause, Steven Fitts.
founded," Broxton said. "On these sacred Alabama capital grounds a new nation, the Confederate States of America, was founded and governed."
The commission's plan would “destroy the grounds of this historic and sacred Independence Hall of the Confederate States by dumping tons of outside dirt, not only upon the sacred slopes and boundary of the capitol but also upon 100 much-needed and convenient parking spaces," Broxton said,
For information, write: Confederate Heritage Fund, P.O. Box 771, Andalusia, Ala. 36420. IE HHHHfl "	□
What else is new?
Representative Dick Gephardt, D-MO: Gephardt, the former Democrat Minority Leader in the U.S. House of Representatives, gave several speeches to a St. Louis area “hate group" during his early years as a representative. The St. Louis Post-Dispatch once reported Gephardt having spoken to the Metro South Citizens Council, a now defunct “white supremacist organization."
Newsmax.com further states that Gephardt had openly asked the group for an endorsement of his candidacy during one of his many visits with the organization. Gephardt has avoided questions about his past affiliation with this group.
The Confederate Heritage Fund is affiliated with the Alabama Coalition. To order the excellent weekly tabloid from which the above was taken, for one year, send $59 to American Free Press, 1433 Pennsylvania Av SE. Washington. DC 20003.
Action alert
Let’s go!
By Pat Godwin I have resolved: I This year, / am going to be offended!
The fact that Bob Riley did the Trent Lott Crawl" to Alvin and his Jilk, that offends me! The fact that David Azbell lied to me on two different occasions - that offends me! The restoration of our Confederate Monument at the Cradle of the Confederacy has been used as a "Political basketball." That offends me! The prohibition of the singing of "Dixie" at football games and other public events offends me! The nullification of "Carry Me Back to Ole Virginny" as the Virginia State Song, offends me! The hate crimes committed upon magnificent monuments across our Dixieland offends me! The taking down of our Confederate Battle Flags across this country offends me! The prohibition of our children wearing Confederate Heritage apparel to school offends me.
In our "legal system" (I use that word loosely) one is supposed to be innocent until proven guilty! We must turn their offenses around and make them our offenses! When a complaint is filed regarding the singing of Dixie - make them prove where that song is offensive! "Rap " noise (it is not music) is offensive to me! We must force the system to prove where Dixie is offensive - where our apparel is offensive. The Zulus and even White folks with their "GD/MF dialog" highly offends me! This will take filing lawsuits - going to management and challenging them to prove offense to the public! The Constitution does not state anywhere that one is protected from or disallowed to be offended! In a courtroom of law, hearsay, speculation or supposition is not admissible. Opinions are still supposed to be expressions of free speech. But that amenddfent does not have a clause that says, "Freedom of speech as long as it does not offend a Negro, Mexican, Indian, Muslim, atheist or homosexual.**
People, pleeeeeeeeeze commit yourself to our cause! It will take, in most cases, a little more time to get out of a store if we have to see the manager and register a complaint. It will take time to write CEOs. It will take money to place a long distance phone call, and, ultimately, it will take money to hire a lawyer! Ask yourself: "Is my comfort zone more important than my liberty?1'
Our adversaries are committed! They arc winning. They stick together with one common goal. The perpetuation of our culture is far more important than a medal or certificate. Fight for our posterity, as a labor of love and a responsibility to our ancestors and as a responsibility to our
“U.S. remains firm
despite criticism” read
the Mobile Register's Jan. 24, 2003 first page headline, preparing us for this latest war to make the world safe for democracy. Either that paper is internet illiterate, lying, or boasting a NAFTA Age truth; i.e., that U.S.=mediacracy. If the latter, then I’m no longer a U.S. citizen, as the editor of this tabloid wants no mistaking his objections to the Bush War Party’s invading Iraq and the world. The First Freedom intends to tell truths that remain off limits to the Ones Jews Manipulate. This empire business is barbaric, suicidal and condemned by every legitimate state including Alabama. Which leaves out the one state that’s pulling Jorge Dubya Arbusto's strings.
It should be clear by now that the War Party and the liberal media are two wings of the same “dove of peace,” no matter the cost in aircraft carriers, planes, missiles, tanks, credibility and human lives.
Action alert
children and grandchildren — not for a medal or a title or public recognition! Some of our granddaddies came home without an eye or limb, others not at all. Of those who returned, some found "home" was not there anymore! We cannot even begin to imagine what they went through for us! That is an agony test I think we all would fail. But we really have to assess our commitment. Face it: our “comfort zone" days are really numbered, with the Patriot Act and Homeland Security Lie. Comfort is not what we are going to enjoy!
To quote foreign missionary Annie Armstrong: "*Tis better to die than to live under the yoke of tyranny"!
Again 1 ask you-“Is comfort more dear to you than freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedoml? "
Our Confederate Monument is covered with hideous scaffolding. Nothing is being done. I suspect an ultimate diabolical plan for that scaffolding remaining around the monument, and we mustn’t let that happen!
I have written David Azbell, Chief Press Secretary to Governor Riley (which letter he has not answered) telling him I would suggest the governor, within his first 30 days, as one of his initial executive orders announce that work on the monument will begin immediately. If within the first 30 days, or even 60 days now that he is in the governor's chair, and the clock is ticking; folks, how many of us are committed enough to be part of an organized schedule of picketing around the monument - say, Monday-Saturday 8:00 AM till 8:00 PM, no picketing on Sunday. We would do this in shifts according to our own personal work schedules, etc. This would take some clergymen and retired folks committing during the business hours and us working folks after hours and on Saturdays. Butch and I could be at the capital on weekdays by 5:30 for the last leg of the shift and on Saturdays. There would also be the option for us taking vacation days as needed. This also must be a grassroots effort - folks committed from all over the state, not just in the Montgomery 50-mile radius. But we must be committed! If not, then the press will make of it a fiasco. Frankly, this really should be a Dixiewide effort because the monument's cornerstone was laid by President Davis himself. That monument is at the Cradle of the Confederacy - site of the Birth of a Nation!
Again, is comfort more dear than liberty or even, put this way, equal protection of the law?
TheMedicine^ Shopped
Doug Hardin, R.Ph.
1013 N. McKenzie Foley. AL 36535
(251) 943-3335
FAX (251) 943-4414
The South was right!
Alabama
Report from L.A.
By Olaf Childress
Forget the Smallpox epidemic. Political Correctness is spreading across the land. I stopped at a Shell station and, offering to leave a few free copies of this paper beside her Thrifty Nickles, was queried closely as to its contents. M1 don't believe one-fourth of what I hear and only half what I see,” the lady said; and, pointing to a small wooden crucifix and the miniature Bible nearby: ‘They don’t even want me to have these.”
"That s exactly why such alternate news sources as The First Freedom are more vital now than ever. ” I said, showing her its cover story on the fedguv’s attempt to tell people in Alabama they can’t elect a Chief Justice who holds the Ten Commandments in higher esteem than “gay marriage.”
Typical of other news media the Shell stations find no problem with. Gulf Coast Newspapers during the first week of 2003 showed this contempt for voters having elected Judge Roy S. Moore because of his stand:
“As a result of the two-ton monument the Chief Justice sneaked into the state judicial building, state taxpayers may have to chip in three-quarters of a million dollars. For what? Lawyers’ fees to determine the legality of the monument
“Come on, Roy. What’s next? You want us to pay for a laser light show to accompany your ascension?”
With such disgusting journalism, does GCN writer Bob Morgan want his readers to believe that this beautiful, polished granite stone came at public expense? No, only private funds were expended. And if he thought there was any chance that a poll (even one with the usual juggled wording) might return a consensus for its removal, Morgan would’ve gone with that. Instead, he rants about lawyers fees made necessary only by the media, the SPLC and the fedguv (am 1 repeating myself?) ranting for the Decathlon Stone’s removal. Morgan, you and your ilk are a radical minority. I’m with the consensus.
And, God help us, should we regain control of our institutions including the public forum in my lifetime, I’ll quickly forgive and forget you.
Speaking of garbage, I attended a pair of recent hearings for rural Baldwin County folks summoned to answer unpaid waste pickup charges. On January 7, the man who wasn’t so sure last month having gone to trial after all, defended himself well at the Fairhope Courthouse. Read his story on page one of this issue. Then on January 17, two men ordered to an interview at Foley (three county courthouses harvest our taxes here) having asked me along, I sat in and raised a few questions.
Solid Waste Management officer Kim Grainger, in black jacket and slacks, set up her laptop and reqd the charges, saying, “I’m just here to help you.” Yes. Beside her at the conference table, Officer Daniel Boutwell, shaved head, explained that he and Grainger were two of the three county employees administering this rural area garbage mandate, their boss at the county landfill appropriately named Jim Ransom. Boutwell’s trousers, teeshirt and jacket all were black, the latter with an American flag on the sleeve and silver epaulet buttons.
These two Garbage Police were friendly and patient enough in answering questions by the summoned men and myself, except for why so many Solid Waste officers had departed in disgrace during the eight-year period of this program’s existence. The defendants at last decided to delay paying the charges for now. In what way, I asked, does a rural garbage pickup account differ from other utilities? Fail to pay the phone company, and it’s “Sorry but this number is not in service.*’ Skip paying for electricity and you’re in the cold and dark. Why not just stop picking up their garbage?
My wife pays the ransom to keep me out of jail. But we have never set out a single can. Clousseau and his forces know this. All they want to clean up is the money. □
Alabama's largest and highest flying Confederate Battle Flag
ANDALUSIA - Near the intersection of highways US 29 and US 84, visitors here will see what is the state’s largest Confederate Battle Flag waving proudly at over 120 feet in the Southern sky. This flag is the result of efforts by Covington Rifles compatriots Roger Broxton and Ron Taylor.
Measuring 9x13 feet, the flag was unfurled for the first time on Jan. 26, 2002, above the home of Andalusia resident Bill Moody. Mr. Moody reports many people stopping or driving by to view the flag, and he has heard no negative comments so far. Nonetheless some individuals have been reported as having expressed a dislike for the flag.
The purpose of this historic symbol is not to offend anyone, but simply to honor the memories of the men who fought and died for the cause of Southern independence. It’s the second of several flags planned to be erected in the area, the first having been half the size of this banner at Andalusia, which smaller flag was placed along hwy 55 near Lochart, Alabama in 2001. The Covington Rifles feel very fortunate to have men like Ron Taylor and Roger Broxton in our ranks; men who are dedicated to preserving our Southern Heritage and are willing to go the extra mile.
Shield of Alabama tells all: We dare defend our rights!
The Alabama Coalition (AC) is a three-year-old political alliance organized and competing in the political arena. With the announced aim of protecting this state s culture. Western Civilization's roots and the heritage derived from our founding fathers, it continues gaining membership and influence. This organization is headed by an elected Board of Directors of which Ken Hearin of Wilmer is the president.
MISSION STATEMENT
By Ken Hearin
President, the Alabama Coalition
We, the members of the Alabama Coalition, do associate ourselves in common bond to defend States Rights, Constitutional Government and the precepts of Western Civilization. It is our aim to publicize and pursue these objectives through all political and judicial means and at every level of government: city, county, state and national.
In the opinion of this association, it has become necessary to save history from those attempting to rewrite it. We aim to turn back this ever-increasing war against Alabama’s Anglo culture by bringing like-minded citizens together and confronting the politicians who continue their mindless quest for our genocide.
CURRENT AGENDA
With heritage violations all around us, the Alabama Coalition is presently fighting (1) to stop a quasi-government agency, the
Audemus jura nostra defendere - “We dare defend oar rights!” being his state’s motto which appears beneath its shield, Alabama Coalition President Ken Hearin (right) leads the charge on behalf of many allied groaps and individuals.
3*imgg
Alabama Historical Commission (AHC), from renovating our Alabama Capitol into a civil rights shrine, (2) to prevent those who don’t understand the amendment process from rewriting our 1901 Alabama Constitution, (3) to keep the Alabama flag, with Saint Andrew’s Cross intact, flying at all state government buildings and schools as mandated by a recent AC-sponsored law, and (4) to arrest the AHC’s desecration of historic Confederate sites such as the Joe Wheeler home and Fort Morgan.
Those who agree it’s time to turn back this tide of genocide and are ready to join these efforts should phone or email the AC without delay. The group asks no more of
you than what your heart leads you to.
A couple of things you can do right now as a team player call your local legislative delegates and sound off against this rewriting of history, especially the renovation of our Alabama Capitol iota a civil rights shrine, and write letters to the editors of local newspapers voicing concerns about the desecration of Christian values. If at a loss for what to say, a call to the AC can help get you direction where most needed.
Phone Ken Hearin at 251-866-0491 or email Khearin@aol.com Web page address: http://www.geocities.com/alareb 1 /
MLK Boulevard:
“Civil rights her<
Pity the brainwashed victims of liberal guilt who can H accept any valid reason for White pride except “hate.99 Only lies deserve hate; one does not love or hate on command.
USA Today reports that NEA teachers have seen to it that every public school child in America knows their version of “The Rosa Parks Story.” It goes something like this: a poor, tired. Black seamstress took a seat in the front of a Montgomery, Alabama bus on December I, 1955. The driver asked her to move to the back under the state’s segregation law. For refusing. Parks was arrested. Four days later Martin Luther King arrived in town and launched the Montgomery Bus Boycott. After 381 days, the Supreme Court ordered the city buses integrated.
THE TRUE PARKS STORY
The behind-the-scenes intelligence is that Rosa Parks was secretary of the local NAACP. The book. Speak Now, a left-wing history of the civil rights movement, states that in August of 1955, four months before the bus incident, Parks attended the Highlander Folk School in Mount Eagle, Tennessee. The “school” was started in 1932 by Myles Horton and James Dombrowski, both of them members of the Communist Party.
Speak Now states that the school’s original purpose was to train Communist activists on how to promote textile strikes, hold protest marches, picket lines and learn
Rosa Parks
“socialist songs.” The Textile Workers Union was completely controlled by the Communist Party. Speak Now on page 529 reads:
“FBI surveillance of the Highlander Folk School and the Southern Conference Educational Fund (SCEF) intensified. In 1952 Myles Horton would invest their energy and resources in the historic Southern struggle over desegregation of the public schools.”
Speak Now says that Parks attended summer training at the Highlander Folk school in 1955, 1956 and 1957. She is pictured with Martin Luther King sitting on the front row in a Highlander training class on September 2, 1957. Thus, the liberals* story that she was just “a poor, tired black seamstress** when sitting in the front of the bus is a total lie!
On December 1, the Black Troy State College in Montgomery opened a $10 million Rosa Parks Library and monument. Attending the dedication was the state's first Jewish Governor, Don Siegelman, who praised Parks. Coretta Scott King said that this incident launched her husband's civil rights career and added: “By the sheer force of her will, she set in motion a revolution that continues to this day.” (Note: She could have and should have also thanked the Communist Party school which trained Parks.)
Parks is called “The mother of the civil rights movement.” Both NAACP head Kweisi Mfume, who has five children by
five different women (and never married to any of them), and Jesse Jackson (who is also the father of an illegitimate child) attended. Earlier, Clinton had presented Miss Parks with the Congressional Gold Medal of Honor.
An old city bus like the one Parks rode on is displayed in the museum. Children are now brought aboard the bus, where a harsh, recorded voice tells all Blacks to move to the back. This is designed to instill feelings of guilt and self-hate in White children.
- The Truth at Last, P.O. Box 1211, Marietta. GA
/fcf 2003	^
^Alabama Moratorium^
In 2002 this state's Tax Freedom Day fell on April 16, ranking 47th. Only West Virginia, Oklahoma and Alaska beat us. That’s not good enough. The idea is, that we suffer zero taxes or interest during an annual strike starting the day after this year’s Tax Freedom Day. Once Tax Freedom Day 2003 is determined, we announce the next day's 24-hour revolt, where patriotic books, food and the like will be sold for cash on the barrel head beneath “Tax Free Zone" and “No Taxes Today!'* signs. Nobody needs to attend this demonstration, but there will be no second chance for a teeshirt saying you were there with those of us moving first Olaf Childress. Chairman Alabama Moratorium Committee www.guinel.com/homctree/4S.htm

&
— Alabama
February 2003 The First Freedom 5
Governor looks for good press in wrong places
By Olaf Childress MONTGOMERY, Alabama, Jan. 20 -We have been deceived and deceived; and deceived again. Is it time to give up the effort, call it quits, admit the impossibility j of electing an Alabama Governor who'll keep his word to the majority of Whites under media assault for being unashamed of their race and its accomplishments?
No other people in history have so much to be proud of, yet we appear unable to retain custody of our public custodians in this triad of Caucasian producers, Jewish manipulators and the reconstructed Ones Jews Manipulate (OJMs).
Here’s how the system works, and what we must do to regain self-government.
The OJMs, controlled entirely by the media which in turn are dominated by Jews, made the inauguration of Republican Bob Riley into a prime, peecee example of the system-crossed marriage. He had to I choose between two birthday celebrations which just happened to fall on that same Monday - Robert E. Lee’s and Martin L.
King’s; Lee, the Confederate hero having commanded our army against the invasion from without; King, the OJM whorechaser who instigated communist doctrine within.
The manipulators will find another spot for their faithful Democrat ex-Govemor, now out of office by plan after losing credibility all around. Since OJM Bob Riley passed every test put to him inside that Babylon,
D.C. Beltway as a U.S. “representative,” a “conservative” Republican to boot, he’s a good ol* boy but not called so by the press.
One of those exquisite delights typical media flunkeys enjoy is knowing who and what’s being set up: their song-and-dance polls having had Siegelman in the lead one week, Riley’s turn next Hey, it’s not just political Goals 2,000; they also have papers to sell. All bases were covered for Riley; ofate "representative" Aivin Holmes, be of
Sleazy Morris Dees
A poem that can be sung to the tune of Goober Peas By William’s Pen
County Elmore. Occupied CSA Chorus: Dees, Dees, Dees, Dees,
Sleazy Morris Dees;
Goodness what a creature,
That Sleazy Morris Dees.
Livin’ in the Southland, in the present day Watchin’ all our morals fall into decay,
Wond’rin’ how it’s happened, what’s brought us to our knees;
Could it be that creature, Sleazy Morris Dees?
Chorus.
He’s spent a generation, building quite a pile Of other people’s money; he took it with a smile. There ain’t no way of tellin’ how many folks he's used. The whole damned legal system he's totally abused. Chorus.
He’s preyed upon the Black man, he’s preyed upon the White;
Wherever he smells money, he’ll start a legal fight.
To him it doesn’t matter who is wrong or right As long as he can profit, and money is in sight Chorus.
He has no moral values, the “Lucre” is his God.
But he won’t take it with him, when he’s planted in the sod.
His center for corruption,,the famed SPLC,
Will one day fall asunder from public scrutiny. Chorus.
He’s courted politicians, he’s sucked up to the press. He’s the darling of the gay crowd. He'd fit in ladies' dress.
Tolerance is his watchword, diversity he pleas.
He’s all for integration, that bigot Morris Dees. Chorus.
When integration started, Morris weren’t no fool.
He shuffled off his own kids to a nicey private school. He believes in tolerance as long as it’s one-way,
But let a Rebel Flag fly and it’ll ruin his day.
Chorus.
I’d like to end my poem by saying to the slob.
An honest buck would kill him if he ever got a job. And now my tune is over, so what is left to say?
I hope the bastard bums in hell, I live to see the day. Dees, Dees, Dees, Dees,
Sleazy Morris Dees;
Goodness what a creature.
That sleazy Morris Dees.
“stars fell on” fame, assuring an astounded Black constituency that it was safe to vote Republican; Riley’s press secretary David Azbell reminding Whites that voting for the third party candidate would simply return Siegelman for four more years.
So, you see, it’s not just the knowing co-conspirators that are being manipulated.
Between the November election and his January swearing-in. Governor-elect Riley kept up the shuffle which had qualified him for higher OJM office in the first place. To Alabama Coalition members desiring his inaugural fetes to include an equestrian General Lee in the parade and as a speaker at his side, Azbell gave assurances that the media-bludgeoned holiday was not about to be slighted. Still, Mr. Bill Rambo, the man in charge of reenactments at Marbury Confederate Memorial Park, was asked to confirm that he would be participating in the inaugural parade with a military unit, presumably as an honor guard representing General Robert E. Lee complete with a Gen. Lee look-alike and several uniformed riders composing the general's escort.
Considering the times in which we live and the effectiveness of public education, the Alabama Coalition was concerned that unless the marching (mounted) unit carried some sort of banner identifying themselves as “General Robert E. Lee and Escort,” the reconstructed citizens watching that parade wouldn’t have a clue what was represented - with the media ignoring it gladly.
Came the reply on Monday, December 30, 2002 at 1:23 PM, Re: Verification. “Ellen, I am indeed riding in the Guv’s | parade with ’General Lee* and his ’staff flying Lee's Headquarters flag.You’re probably right about public perception, but between the pre-parade PR and the blurb 1 am writing for the parade program, I am confident that most folks will know who we arc supposed to be. Regards, Bill
SOUTHRON BUSINESS LISTING Bonny Blue Catering — Specializing in Southern and European food- We have a 20-ft. mobile Idtchen that helps guarantee the freshest high-quality food. We do not and will not use food or products from any communist country (China, etc.), and this includes the very bolts that hold our kitchen together that was built in Georgia. We use all-Southem products if possible. A portion of our profits go to supporting our Southern heritage (Friends of Forest, Southern Legal Resource Center, or your group when sponsoring an event to raise money for the cause).
(251) 965-6397 — P.O. Box 817 Magnolia Springs, Alabama CSA 36555 !
WANTED:
The Mom a Pop shops that are now selling American goods to smuggle also The First Freedom into the hands of those in need of truth. Such corporate giants as are willing to see us enslaved on a global plantation won't help spread the word that our South remains the last best hope for defeating nihilism. Will you? www.gulftel.com/homefree/adv.ratesJitm
Defending Our Honor
By David Allen Alabama Division SCV Commander
“One of
the best little source books on the South, the War, its aftermath, and our Heritage.
Chock frill of information, it is a short and inexpensive compliment to John Tilly's classic Facts I the Historians ■
Leave Out. This 72 page paperback has 32 pages of facts on the Articles of Confederation. Confederate and U.S. Constitutions, the Bill of Rights, the meaning of the Republic. Lincoln's duplicity. Slavery, and other topics. Part two is 33 pages of quotes including everyone from the Founding Fathers to current writers, both friends and enemies of the South, in a compact form.” — Nat Rudulph. Southern Events
To get yourself a copy, send sa.00 io P.O Box 1105, Tuscaloosa. AL 35403. Big discounts by the classroom-sized boxftils._____
Advertise your business in this column. Just $10 per issue, maximum 70 words. Add $1 for each additional seven words.
Oliirlftinur,
Rambo.”
General Bill Rambo, as the Director of Confederate Memorial Park, is the “ranking officer” in the reenacting (army) community. So that’s where the 150-year old rites for Robert E. Lee's birthday were to fit in on Jan. 20 at the capital of Alabama.
And later, when “Stars Fell On” Holmes and Ms. Johnny Carr began demanding of Riley that the MLK circus take center stage instead, the above Caucasian producers were told it wouldn’t happen. The media were in a tizzy.
All our fears and then some! We’ve been had. 1 didn’t view his parade nor hear the speeches; which isn’t unusual for someone who neither watches TV nor can support any such media-manipulated Montgomery mischief. But word gets around. Even to a troglodyte like me.
Riley’s first duty of the day, an hour-long church service at MLK Baptist, found him singing We Shall Overcome at the pulpit, hand in hand with his constituents. He had earlier heard a choir comprised mostly of these favored ones singing The Battle Hymn of the Republic, so quite naturally they were invited to come and chant such additional verses as would remind us that the invaders are still busy with Alabama’s occupation and Reconstruction.
Next, he marched into the law library and laid a wreath under Robert E. Lee's portrait: a whole, two-minute-long “ceremony,” and left without a word. It seems people were even discouraged from attending that event, being informed at first that the Lee commemoration would take place outside, and later the Riley team couldn't say where it would be. Inquiring citizens heard they would have to leave the capital because ft was a high security area! They stayed, the room got “real crowded, like sardines, and Riley was not on time,** complained one Sons of Confederate Veterans member (the Governor-elect just then still talking to his Dexter Avenue bunch). This less-favored Robert E. Lee group, disappointed but not dispirited, after that brief gesture as Riley was walking out began singing Dixie.
Two hours later at the speechifying and swearing in by Alabama Chief Justice Roy S. Moore, I’m told that the Mobile Register photographer maneuvered and got a picture with the Ten Commandments Judge’s face hidden behind his hand, while Riley - one hand raised and the other on a Bible held by his beaming wife - lipped the usual oath few politicians obey. Front and center on stage with Riley sat Alvin Holmes and civil war, er, rights leader Johnny Carr; the main thrust of it all being that “This is a new dawning! Alabama will equalize and join the races together once and for all time.”
La, la, la la la, la la la la la, /'d love to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony...
That’s how the system works. And now, here’s what such ones as built this country into the greatest bastion of freedom the world has ever known must do to make self-government blossom again: Ahem! A new dawning, if you will.
First, we must recognize that the media is where we lost it, egalitarianism being for the birds; i.e.( your liberal mediacracy. It's not as if we can’t elect good officers given an opportunity. This absence of a public forum is the problem.
Every city and town in Alabama needs an alternate newspaper attacking the New World Order. Our enemies are the unseen forces dictating good press for those OJMs singing The Battle Hymn of the Republic, and only opprobrium to the unreconstructed singers of Dixie. We must get the word out!
Or would you just sit around and email wonderful notes to Southern sites about the evils closing in about us? A veteran choir singing Dixie to itself in a crowded room is heartwarming. But enlightening our youth that they are not guilty of suppressing other
Your tax dollars at work - Hiding the A Confederate Monument at the Alabama *7 State Capitol behind rented scaffolding for months]
races and instead are being deliberately dumbed down and dragged backward by today’s enforced associations should be the resolution that follows.
We, the people, must break free of this media-imposed isolation which keeps out many third-party candidates and political independents, or there'll be no discussion of alternatives to the present dilemma. Let us elbow our way past those OJMs and get back onto the podium, then counter their dreams and wishful thinking with facts.
But the first reality is a tough one. Most “leaders” of the “civil rights” movement have enjoyed their long free ride paid for by those of us assigned by the OJMs to back seats precisely because they’ve been indispensable to the profiteers of corporate amerika. Few taxpayers would guess how many “minority” newspapers arc out there spouting you owe us propaganda, nor who is financing those free-distribution papers, dividing us and conquering.
Before yielding this underground pulpit to Jim Langcuster of Southern Movement fame, here’s the answer: too few potential troops are today receiving these blockaderunning truths via the internet; but they’re the same people who do read tabloids like The First Freedom. Want to help inform them in your area? Then send a check, grab a big bundle of this “right wing extremist” propaganda and become a distributor. Get the hardcopy truth out in your area now. Here’s Jim:
“As I see it, what our movement must do is undertake a series of comparatively modest steps that will put us in a position to make even bolder advances down the road. What we desperately need at the present time is a strategy for breaking into mainstream conservative political dialogue, because without this breakthrough, we will never reach the legions of educated, middle-class Southerners on whom our long-term prospects will succeed or fail.
“As one of several initial steps, I believe we should assemble a small circle of talented, articulate people willing to devote a substantial amount of their free time to the formation of a first-rate web site that is updated daily - not weekly or even semi-weekly, mind you, but daily, preferably several times a day - and that will feature trenchant commentary on a wide range of social, cultural and political issues.”
Well said, Jim. But, no matter how true and articulate, what it comes down to is our message outshouting the big, liberal-media lie. And when that happens we’ll welcome Bob Riley, or whoever then happens to be Governor, back among the people.
Ml (o* Ufa (pu
of
\ Au+Li M/iXt A asUyUA iuticnif&o* lo 7U	fuoUt* wLU M+flf UsU.
The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, SilverhilL Alabama 36576
MJLLNAM1
MAIL ADDRF ss
CITY
SI AH
□	Here’s $15 for a one-year subscription.!
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.!
□	$ 10 for200 extra copies of a recent issue.;
□	Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie” decals.;
O $____________ as	a	patron.	Keep	it	going!	,!
— Wake-up call -
Erasing Our Borders
By William F. Jasper
Globalists are maneuvering America into a merger with the rest of the Western Hemisphere via “free trade” agreements. Their goal, as with the EU, is regional government.
America is being hijacked, but the hijackers don't go by names like Mohamed, Omar, and Osama. The hijackers to whom we refer bear prominent names, such as Bush, Clinton, Kissinger, McLarty, Greenspan, Rubin, and Rockefeller. They don't use box cutters and bombs or commandeer airliners to create towering infernos; their weapons of choice are instruments such as the WTO, NAFTA, the IMF, and the FTAA. They hijack entire nations, stealing sovereignty and destroying constitutions - usually under the banners of “free trade,** “debt relief,” and “globalization" — proclaiming all the while that their lawless actions will advance global prosperity, democratization, and “the rule of law.”
A colossal hijacking operation is in full swing even now. Its primary target is the United States of America, but it is aimed at all the other nations of North and South America as well. It is the FTAA, the so-called Free Trade Area of the Americas, which proposes nothing less than the economic and political merger of the 34 nations of the Western Hemisphere.
EU Blueprint
Following the same plan of attack that was used to hijack the nations of Europe into the sovereignty destroying European Union (EU), the internationalist architects of the FTAA intend to transform the nation states of the Western Hemisphere -including the United States — into mere administrative units of the supranational FTAA. (The hijacking is so far advanced that the EU is now widely recognized as a developing regional government sapping the sovereignty of France, Germany, Great Britain, and the other member states. As it is in Europe, so it will be in the Americas - if the architects of world order are successful.)
The FTAA represents a vast “broadening and deepening" of NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, which set the hijack operation in motion by tying Canada, the United States, and Mexico together in a system of ever-expanding and tightening political, economic, social, and military entanglements. Following the EU model, the trinational NAFTA is adding new members (what the internationalists call “broadening") and claiming jurisdiction over an ever-increasing swath of functions (“deepening") that have previously been solely the purview of national governments and their state and local governments.
The NAFTA/FTAA plan calls for an entire hemispheric regime of regulations to “harmonize" business, industry, labor, agriculture, transportation, immigration, education, taxation, environment, health, trade, defense, criminal justice, and other matters of policy and law “from Alaska to Tierra del Fuego." NAFTA is not, and never was, about “free trade.” Free trade - real free trade - is a voluntary exchange between two parties, unhampered by government intervention and subsidies.
But NAFTA, like the European Union, seeks to regulate and control virtually every industrial, agricultural, commercial, social, environmental, and labor matter. Rather than creating or permitting economic freedom by eliminating government intervention, NAFTA seeks to homogenize the multitude of socialist programs that now hamstring the U.S., Mexican, and Canadian economies - and add a new host of controls besides. Also, in keeping with the HU pattern, the NAFTA/FTAA globalists have already launched their campaign for a single hemispheric currency as a counterpart to the euro, which replaced the currencies of the EU member states in January of this year. For now, the dollar is being touted as the hemispheric legal tender, but plans have already been floated
to replace the dollar with a new currency called the “amero."
Strikingly obvious is that the NAFTA/ FTAA “broadening and deepening" and “harmonization and integration" represent a radical, revolutionary assault on national sovereignty and constitutional government. Piece by piece, governmental functions are being ripped from protective firewalls so carefully constructed by our own country’s Founding Fathers. These powers are being transferred to unaccountable, unelected international bureaucracies that are not bound by the checks and balances that have prevented the accumulation of absolute, tyrannical power in our constitutional system of government.
The people of the EU have only recently begun realizing that the process started five decades ago under the banner of “free trade" was really a stealth attack aimed at nothing less than destroying their national sovereignties and imposing a tyrannical oligarchy ruling over them from Brussels. The EU has become a supranational regional bloc in the new world order, and its ruling elite now pushes to further concentrate and centralize power at the global level - under an all-powerful United Nations. That same JBU process is now being imposed on the Western Hemisphere, but on an accelerated schedule. What took decades to accomplish in Europe, the FTAA schemers intend to achieve in the next few years. They have, in fact, set the fast approaching 2005 as the target year for locking the FTAA into place.
“We’re working to build a Free Trade Area of the Americas, and we’re determined to complete those negotiations by January of 2005," President George W. Bush declared in his January 16, 2002 speech to the Organization for American States (OAS) and the World Affairs Council in Washington, D.C. “We plan to complete a free trade agreement with Chile early this year. And once we conclude the agreement, I urge Congress to take it up quickly. And I ask the Senate to schedule a vote, as soon as it returns, on renewing and expanding the Andean Trade Preference Act. Today, I announce that the United States will explore a free trade agreement with the countries of Central America.... Our purpose is to strengthen the economic ties we already have with these nations ... and to take another step toward completing the Free Trade Area of the Americas."
The 2005 timetable did not originate with President Bush; he was merely renewing a pledge that his predecessor. Bill Clinton, had also made when endorsing the FTAA agenda in 1994. In DecembeLof that year, President Clinton hosted the Summit of the Americas in Miami, which served as the FTAA launch pad. He endorsed both the “Declaration of Principles" and the “Plan of Action" promulgated at the conference.
The Declaration’s preamble declares, “We are determined to consolidate and advance closer bonds of cooperation.... We reiterate our firm adherence to the principles of international law and the purposes and principles enshrined in the United Nations Charter and in the Charter of the Organization of American States (OAS)....” Moreover, the Declaration pledges “to begin immediately to construct the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA),” to be concluded no later than
2005. The signatories also swore to “advance and implement the commitments made at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development" (the enviro-Marxist Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro) by creating “cooperative partnerships to strengthen our capacity to prevent and control pollution" and promote “sustainable development" (globalese for UN control over economic, industrial, and population matters).
The FTAA Plan of Action states that governments will “cooperate fully with all United Nations and inter-American human rights bodies,” “undertake all measures necessary to guarantee the rights of children, and, where they have not already done so, give serious consideration to ratifying the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child." The governments will also seek to strengthen “the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the Inter-American Court of Human Rights," both of which can be expected to interfere with increasing frequency in U.S. civil and criminal cases.
That barely scratches the surface of the kinds of transnational meddling in U.S. affairs that the FTAA will bring. At that 1994 summit, the presidents of El Salvador and Guatemala condemned California’s Proposition 187. This measure to deny various welfare benefits to illegal aliens was passed by an overwhelming majority of California voters. Proposition 187, said the presidents, grossly violated “children’s rights." In similar fashion, the Mexican consul demanded that the U.S. “consult" with its hemispheric neighbors before passing certain laws. However, news coverage of these and other manifestations of the new world disorder bearing down on us received short shrift. As with coverage of NAFTA, the internationalist media giants focused public attention on the glorious economic benefits that allegedly would accrue with the new wave of hemispheric trade that the FTAA would bnng.
A few candid admissions did surface. Mack McLarty, President Clinton’s chief of staff, offered this comment: “[T]his summit is much broader than [lowering tariffs], and that’s how it should be looked at. This is not a trade summit, it is an overall summit. It will focus on economic integration and convergence.” The terms integration and convergence pass over the heads of average Americans. But they are pregnant with meaning for committed globalists, of which Mr. McLarty is a hearty specimen. Subsequently moving on to a heady (and highly profitable) partnership with Henry Kissinger, McLarty now prominently advocates hemispheric integration and convergence in the business and financial communities.
Henry Kissinger, a member of the executive committee of the Trilateral Commission and a longtime power in the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), called the NAFTA vote the single most important decision that Congress would make during Mr. Clinton’s first term. Indeed, Kissinger admitted in the Los Angeles Times in 1993 that passing NAFTA “will represent the most creative step toward a new world order taken by any group of countries since the end of the Cold War...." NAFTA “is not a conventional trade agreement," he said, “but the architecture of a new international system."
Self-appointed Wiscmcn
Over the past decade, many of Kissinger’s Trilateralist and CFR brethren have expounded on how important this “new international system" is in constructing their subversive “new world order." Some of them openly admit that NAFTA and the FTAA can, and will, follow the sovereignty-destroying path blazed by the EU. Many of the most important revelations in this regard can be found in the pages of the CFR’s journal. Foreign Affairs. In the Fall 1991 issue, for example, CFR member M. Dclal Baer penned an article entitled “North American Free Trade," hinting at the hemispheric leviathan emerging from the murky depths.
“The creation of trinational dispute-resolution mechanisms and rule-making bodies on border and environmental issues may also be embryonic forms of more comprehensive structures,” said Baer. "After all, international organizations and agreements like GATT and NAFTA by definition minimize assertions of sovereignty in favor of a joint rule-making authority." (Emphasis added.) Dr. Baer went on to draw a direct analogy to the EU, suggesting:
It may be useful to revisit the spirit of the Monnet Commission, which provided a blueprint for Europe at a moment of extraordinary opportunity. The three nations of North America, in more modest fashion, have also arrived at a defining moment. They may want to create a wiseman’s North American commission to operate in the post-ratification period.... The commission might also adopt a forward-looking agenda on themes such as North American competitiveness, links between scientific institutions, borderland integration, the continental ecological system and educational and cultural exchanges.
The Monnet Commission Baer refers to was named for Jean Monnet, the socialist one-worlder who served as the principal architect of the Common Market. He and his self-appointed, self-anointed “wisemen" - together with their American counterparts - gradually foisted the EU on the people of Europe, using deception, outright lies, bribery, extortion, and corruption to achieve their objective.
Jacques Delors, the socialist president of the European Community Commission ’ in 1992, when the NAFTA debate was raging, clearly saw the parallels between the two regional organizations. Delors gloated that “NAFTA is a form of flattery for us Europeans. In many ways, we have shown what positive, liberating effect these regional arrangements can have." Liberating for whom? Why, for one-world "wisemen*' like Delors, naturally, who detest constitutional limitations on their powers.
In 1994, an important study by Gary Clyde Hufbauer (CFR) and Jeffrey J. Schott provided a fairly detailed guide to the globalist game plan for the hemisphere. Entitled Western Hemisphere Economic Integration, the Hufbauer-Schott study was published by the Institute for International Economics (I1E), a close sister of the CFR. The IIE, says The London Observer, “may be the most influential think-tank on the planet," with “an extraordinary record in turning ideas into effective policy."
“After four decades of dedicated effort" said the IIE report “Western Europe has just arrived at the threshold of... monetary union, and fiscal coordination. It seems likely that trade and investment integration will proceed at a faster pace within the Western Hemisphere." Yes, the 1IE-CFR internationalists have learned from the EU experience and expect to use those lessons to speed the process along in the Americas.
According to Hufbauer and Schott, “the more countries that participate in integration and the wider its scope, the greater the need for some institutional mechanism to administer the arrangements and to resolve the inevitable disputes, and the stronger the case for a common legal framework." This means supranational legislative, executive, and judicial institutions, of course. “The European Commission. Council, Parliament, and Court of Justice have many of the powers of comparable institutions in federal states," they noted approvingly before commenting, “On this subject, we score Europe with a 5 [on a scale of 0 to 5)."
But Hufbauer and Schott propose going even beyond the EU s rapacious appetite. They assert that “integration between NAFTA and Latin America should be legally open-ended; potentially the WHFTA [an earlier name for the FTAA] should include countries outside the hemisphere." They assert: “Economic logic suggests that the expansion of NAFTA in an Asian direction is just as deSiruble as its	*	Lattl
American direction.”
A more recent brief for this hijacking of the Americas is provided by Felipe A.M. de la Baize, director of the Argentine Council on Foreign Relations and a professor of international economics. In an article entitled “Finding Allies in the Back Yard: NAFTA and the Southern Cone,” in the July/August 2001 Foreign Affairs, de la Baize points his fellow Insiders toward the EU experience. “Witness the successive expansions of the European integration project (now the European Union),” he says, “which incorporated Italy in the 1950s, Spain in the 1970s, and then Greece, Ireland, and Portugal in the 1980s."
He continues:
Now a similar opportunity for integration exists in the Southern Cone of South America. A core group of countries -Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Uruguay -have made great strides in recent years and are poised, despite their short-term economic problems, to make steady political and economic gains over the next decade....
To this end, the best incentive the United States can provide is an expansion of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to the Southern Cone, making these South American nations members of the pact alongside the United States, Canada, and Mexico. But economic integration will not succedff without a compelling political rationale as well: namely, the promotion of democracy and regional security that could follow the creation of a “super NAFTA."
Integration Express
Having helped design the economic program in Argentina that has brought about that country's bankruptcy and present crisis, de la Baize believes it is time to crank up the “integration express": “A seven-state NAFTA, incorporating democratic and security accords as well as economic agreements, would offer a wide array of benefits to the entire hemisphere and could eventually integrate other Latin American countries.” De la Baize acknowledges that the countries he proposes to integrate into the NAFTA/FTAA “need help in addressing endemic problems such as economic instability, low per-capita income, illiberal democratic practices, and narcoterrorism.” And that “bringing economic growth and social stability to South America will require not only a vibrant private sector and functioning markets but also public education for the young, job training for the unemployed, public health care for the poor, and courts and police that treat all citizens alike." In other words, it will take huge transfers of wealth from U.S. taxpayers, as well as transfers of U.S. sovereignty to the new FTAA institutions. The program he outlines is a hemispheric socialist manifesto, disguised with rhetoric about free trade. “Again, Europe provides a good precedent,” de la Baize claims.
President George W. Bush, like Bill Clinton before him, is following the destructive and subversive FTAA road plan laid out by de la Baize, Hufbauer, Schott, Baer, Kissinger, et al. Why? Senator Barry Goldwater explained in his 1979 memoir. With No Apologies, that despite the heated rhetoric and change in party label from one administration to the next, the same internationalist policies continue unabated:
When a new President comes on board, there is a great turnover in personnel but no change in policy. Example: During the Nixon years Henry Kissinger, CFR member and Nelson Rockefeller's prot£g£, was in charge of foreign policy. When Jimmy Carter was elected, Kissinger was replaced by Zbigniew Brzezinski, CFR member and David Rockefeller's prot6g6.
That same musical chairs rotation of CFR-Trilateral onc-worlders has continued through the Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and Bush II administrations. This was plainly evident at a February 15, 2002 CFR program televised on C-SPAN. Vice President Dick Cheney, the featured speaker, drew a
— Wake-up call —
February 2003 The First Freedom 7
round of laughter by noting that he had been a longtime member of the Council but that he couldn't let his constituents back in Wyoming know that when he was serving as a member of Congress. The first person to speak following Mr. Cheney's speech was David Rockefeller, former chairman of both the CFR and Trilateral Commission (TC). “Mr. Vice President,*’ said Rockefeller, “I just enjoyed so much your whole speech, but 1 was particularly pleased that you gave such a strong endorsement for the free-trade agreement for all the Americas - a subject that has been of great concern to me for many years and particularly recently.”
Indeed, David Rockefeller and the Rockefeller family have spearheaded the entire FTAA process for several decades through organizations such as the CFR, TC, HE, the Chase Manhattan Bank, the Council of the Americas, The Americas Society, the Center for Inter-American Relations, and other institutions.
Both the FTAA and Trilateral processes entail building regional relationships that will eventually coalesce in world government. In With No Apologies, Goldwater noted that “the Trilateral Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort to seize control and consolidate the four centers of power - political, monetary, intellectual, and ecclesiastical.... What the Trilaterals truly intend is the creation of a worldwide economic power superior to the political governments of the nation-states involved.... As managers and creators of the system they will rule the future."
Clearly, the EU-NAFTA-FTAA schemes are intended to accomplish precisely that criminal and treasonous objective.* As such, they are far more dangerous than any of the terrorist attacks that Osama bin Laden or others of his ilk can throw at us.
Can anyone say: The New World Oder stinks?... there. I knew you could.
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka. AL CSA 33183 (256)249-9100
1.25 lb. Farm Raised -Yon Catch" Catfish Confederate Shirts, Caps Belt Buckles All 6 flap
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Stickers • Beverages • Tobacco Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPEKTON, Owner — CapeCSA^ ad.com Treasurer, Alabama League of the South	i
Cash Loans Pawn • Buy Sell • Trade
Guns * Tools Electronics Jewelry
W&UtMl
+eioUUt)
Time capsule from 1993
By Nelson Waller
A section of the Greenville News has surfaced in the course of my fall cleaning -from March 2, 1993. It's incredible how much things have changed in just ten years. For one thing, the News, like a lot of other papers, was visually dull as dishwater. It was all black and white and used only two very basic typefaces for news articles. All the papers now have glamor and color 1 within an inch of their lives.
For another thing, this paper was printed before the NAACP's hate war really got stoked up in South Carolina. It was still possible for a politician. Sen. Arthur Ravenel, to use our regional anthem Dixie in his campaign ads. Of course, the scribes and pharisees were on him immediately, baiting him about that being a “race baiting” tactic. State Democratic Chairman Albert McAlister whined about “racial polarization.” You know and I know that's a joke, because it's party officials and bureaucrats like him that do most racial polarizing. Ravenel responded to him that anybody who didn't like his ads should put cotton in their ears.
This is where the great divide has been crossed. No politician is willing to defy political correctness anymore. Ravenel went on to totally betray Dixie by voting to bring the flag down from the State House dome even though he also dared to tweak the liberal thought police in *93 by promising to campaign heavily in the upstate “like white on rice." Then-GOP czar Barry Wynn called McAlister’s complaints “silly, showing that Democrats are totally absorbed with race.”
Have you noticed? Republican functionaries are now “totally absorbed with race,” too. Perhaps this is due to another development reported in that day's News: “[Henry] McMaster joins race to lead state GOP”
Here comes young Loch invar out of the west, ready to take the helm and declare for whatever principles will guide the party under his aegis. What's the first thing Mr. McMaster says - the priority he expresses up front?
The GOP, he announced, “ ‘doesn'/ want to exclude anybody' as a result of disagreement on social causes like abortion. But some Republicans said much of McMaster's support comes from Republi-
MAPuCu
can fundamentalists who want someone sympathetic to their views.
“‘I can work with anybody,’ McMaster said, adding that Republicans shouldn't impose “litmus tests” on each other.
I think we can see now why people like Arthur Ravenel have had a 180° tergiversation on the cultural matters closest to our hearts. It’s because people like Henry McMaster, a Columbia lawyer, have taken over the Republican realm and replaced substance with hoopla, ends with means, and principle with politics.
Would someone who still believes in the GOP help me out here? Please explain to me this business about “litmus tests.” I say it’s just another smear term cooked up to embarrass spineless conservatives and checkmate their desire for a real turnaround in public affairs. I say the present GOP brass have no higher thought than throwing themselves prone before every liberal spin-doctor they can find and that this is why the Republican Party ain’t worth bleep anymore. What is a litmus test but a principle that adherents to a cause are expected to embrace? Do the Democratic Party and NAACP not have litmus tests? They’re made of them!
What do you have when you take away all the “litmus test” issues from a party? An endless, banal vortex of politics for its own sake.
“Respectable” Republican politicians are significantly responsible for the incessant liberalization of South Carolina. Their clothes may be perfectly pressed, their church membership prestigious, their admirers legion, their blarney spellbinding, their memory for people's names and faces astounding. But I tell you, they make me want to throw up.
- nwaller@carol.net
Save the Bill of Rights campaign
Resolutions similar to this have been passed by 30 American cities.
Drafted by Alex Jones
lnfowars.com
Resolution to Oppose the USA Patriot Act, Homeland Security’s Activation of NORTHCOM, the Designation of the United States as a Nation under Military Law under the NORTHCOM, and Related Unconstitutional Executive Orders and Presidential Decision Directives.
WHEREAS, the City of Austin was founded and exists according to the laws of the Texas State Constitution and the United States Constitution and Bill of Rights, both of which guarantee the citizenry the protection of the unalienable rights granted them by their Creator; and
WHEREAS, the United States Constitution and Bill of Rights and the Texas State Constitution guarantee all persons living in the United States these inviolate rights including - freedom of speech; freedom of religion, assembly and petition; the right of privacy under the Fourth Amendment protecting the population from unreasonable searches and seizures; due process and equal protection to all people; equity before the law and the presumption of innocence; the right to hear the charges against you and to face your accuser; access to council and judicial proceedings; and the right to a fair, speedy and public trial; and WHEREAS, the USA Patriot Act signed by George W. Bush on October 26, 2001 has hundreds of provisions that
contradict the above mentioned rights, and in the words of Texas* District 14 Representative in Congress, Ron Paul, “Our forefathers would think it's time for a revo-lution...This is why they revolted in the first place...They revolted against much more mild oppression "(Ron Paul speaking about the Patriot Act in Insight Magazine, article title: Police State published Nov. 9, 2001); and
WHEREAS, examples of the provisions in the USA Patriot Act, Homeland Security NORTHCOM, Executive Orders, and Presidential Decision Directives are designed specifically and are being implemented to violate the United States Constitution and the Texas State Constitution as well as the rights outlined in city charters are as listed: [see at infowars.com] WHEREAS, the President and his allied agencies are using the crisis of September llth to attack the bedrock freedoms that are the birth right of all Americans and that our Veterans have fought and died to preserve and protect; and
WHEREAS, over 30 cities in the United States have passed similar resolutions condemning the wholesale dismantling of our Constitutional Republic;
RESOLVED that the City of Austin affirms its strong opposition to terrorism, but also affirms that any efforts to end terrorism not be used as a pretext to destroy the fundamental rights and liberties of the people of Austin, Texas, the United States and the world; and be it FURTHER RESOLVED that the
actions of the USA Patriot Act, Homeland Security’s Activation of NORTHCOM, the Designation of the Uoited States as a Nation under Military Law under the NORTHCOM, and Related Unconstitutional Executive Orders and Presidential Decision Directives are aiding, by their bad example, the spread of a worldwide governmental movement in which this model for total dictatorship is duplicated to the detriment of the human condition; and be it
FURTHER RESOLVED that the City of Austin, Texas affirms the rights of all people, including United States citizens and citizens of other nations living within the City in accordance with the Bill of Rights and the Declaration of Independence; and be it
FURTHER RESOLVED that, to the extent legally possible, no City employee or department shall assist or voluntarily cooperate with investigations, interrogations, or arrest procedures, public or clandestine, that are in violation of individuals* God-given rights that arc simply enumerated by the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution; and be it FURTHER RESOLVED that the Austin City Council calls upon all private citizens and organizations including residents, employers, educators, and business owners to protect and defend the United States Constitution from enemies foreign and domestic and to demonstrate outspoken respect for the rights that have been paid (See “Austin Resolution,” page II)
■ The South
/Wv		
ran—i—		1861
“I deemed that you were fighting the battles of our liberty, our progress, and our civilization; and I mourn for the stake which was lost at Richmond more deeply than I rejoice over that which was saved at Waterloo.”
- Lord Acton to Robert E. Lee November 4, 1866.
MISSISSIPPI
Last of his kind?
“Within a few hours, the Justice Department, upon a personal request from President Kennedy and Attorney General Robert Kennedy, asked and received a contempt of court citation against Ross Barnett, Governor of Mississippi. [TNvice now the governor has turned James Meredith away from registering at Ole Miss]. Here was a spectacle indeed. The Governor of a sovereign [What a foreign-sounding phrase today!] state being pushed around by a couple of brothers from Massachusetts who happened to be twenty and twenty-five years (the juniors of the Governor. A Governor elected by popular vote to effectuate the will of the people of Mississippi, a people whose cultural and political philosophies were as foreign to the ideas of Massachusetts liberalism as Dublin to Botswana. The spectacle of a Governor, the chief executive officer of an American state, hounded by the U.S. Justice Department, hauled into courts in another state; ordered to stay hither; to go thither, to refrain from this, to do this an not that; manipulated by political intrigue, checkmated, demonized, held up to public scorn, depicted as an imbecile, mentally defective, an aboriginal throwback.
“What is remarkable, in the face of such overwhelming odds, was Governor Barnett's ability to demonstrate sustained resistance to the federal leviathan. No modem Governor... has possessed the boldness with which Governor Ross Barnett opposed the brutalizing forces of the United States government. Governor Wallace's resistance, though notable, was of a shorter duration and did not elicit the consummate abuse inflicted upon the Governor of Mississippi. It is Ross Barnett, and Ross Barnett alone, who endures as the exemplar of resistance to tyrannical government in this country.
— Michael Grissom, Can the South Survive? pp. 187-88
SOUTH CAROLINA * 1 2 3
J. Pat Baughman, Jerry Creech and a group of SCV and LoS members have a plan. It's an idea that might be replicated all over the South. They are developing a “Confederate Colony** at Abbeville, South Carolina.
The strategy, per J. Pat, is as follows:
1.	Seek a rural, conservative county -preferably historic - having low land costs, and purchase 200 acres or more for your “colony.** Let that location include a lake, someplace to build a large pond, or maybe it’s on a river.
2.	Sell these acreages to SCV, LoS, or similar conservative members only. The minimum size parcel should be two to five acres.
3.	Equip your colony with a security gate, berms and fences. Give it a high quality of life with a perimeter hiking/bridal trail; and you might add a meeting hall, church, park, co-op store, etc., according to the votes sC say, 60% of all landowner residents in the Colooy Council.
This is being done now. four miles from the historic town of Abbeville. To learn more, call 803-245-0908. This looks like an excellent place to retire and relax among kindred spirits. God Save The South!
The Battle Cry of Freedom Our flag is proudly floating On the land and on the main.
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom!
Beneath it oft we’ve conquered.
And we’ll conquer oft again!
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom! (Chorus:) Our Dixie forever!
She's never at a loss!
Down with the eagle And up with the cross!
We'll rally 'round the bonny flag.
We'll rally once again.
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom! (Chorus)
Our gallant boys have marched To (he rolling of the drums.
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom!
And the leaders in charge cry out, “Come, boys, come!’*
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom! (Chorus)
They have laid down their lives On the bloody battle field.
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom!
Their motto is resistance —
‘To tyrants we'll not yield!**
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom! (Chorus)
While our boys have responded And to the fields have gone.
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom!
Our noble women also Have aided them at home,
Shout, shout the battle cry of Freedom! (Chorus)	□
| GEORGIA |	
WF ^1-^- i/ J	
wmm	ms
1 have noted many flags put up with the occupation flag above the Georgia Flag, some of them hoist by rope and pulley. We started out that way, but it proved to be a big mistake; for people would either take down the Georgia Flag and put up theirs, or display the occupation flag above the Georgia Flag. So now we only put up flags with no rope or pulley. Changing the flag is not easy or cheap, but it can be done. For some time now we had been looking for a way to solve that problem, and then came this offer of a good used ladder for right at two hundred FRNs. Just thought I'd pass this on to anyone that's putting them up. We don't need any more occupation flags, especially not over the State of Georgia.
Monika Junghans-Jones
A Resolution of Condemnation By Greg Kay
Vice Chairman The Southern National Committee grcgkay@ezwv.com
We, the officers of the Southern National Committee do hereby make this resolution of condemnation for general release.
Be it resolved:
Whereas the government of the United States of America, through its agent, the Immigration and Naturalization Service, has indulged in a pattern of racial exclusion by the systematic denial of asylum to the Caucasian peoples from Southern Africa, who are the targets of a violent and organized campaign of ethnic cleansing and racial genocide, either by or with the tacit approval of the Negro governments of that region:
Whereas, at the same time, the government of the United States of America, through its agent, the Immigration and Naturalization service, has continuously given asylum to East African Negroes and to Latin Americans, neither of which groups exist in as dangerous of conditions as do the Caucasian Africans, nor do they have the educational and skill level qualifications as a whole that are necessary to advance either the States they will reside in, or the nation; skills that are generally possessed in abundance by the Caucasian refugees from Southern Africa:
Whereas the Caucasian refugees from Southern Africa are routinely turned down even when they attempt to comply with the law, while those of other races are given amnesty for the laws broken both upon entry and afterwards:
Therefore, be it resolved that the Southern National Committee does hereby condemn the government of the United States of America and its agent, the Immigration and Naturalization Service, for the following: for willfully and intentionally engaging in a pattern of racial discrimination; for willfully and intentionally causing economic harm to American citizens by the introduction of large numbers of unskilled or unemployable individuals into the country when skilled immigrants are available; and for willfully and intentionally carrying out a pattern of demographic engineering amounting to cultural, racial, and religious genocide, expressly designed to change the demographics, and thus the entire nature, of America, into something it was never intended to be.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ Please help us get the word out that the Southern Movement is alive and growing! Advertise in, subscribe to and distribute The First Freedom, so that we might luck liberal “compassion" off our backs sooner. —a—am i rnuTT inkTjaMW'rg-f
Illinois native Bob Kline, chairman of the United States Historical Society, a Richmond-based, nonprofit organization pceceeing American history somewhat as Lee Warner of the Alabama Historical Commission and other quasi-government New World orderlies across the Southland arc attempting, came under attack recently when his group appointed a sculptor to create a life-sized bronze statue of Lincoln sitting on a bench beside his young son, Tad. It's to commemorate Lincoln's visit to Richmond on April 5, 1865, two days after Union troops had captured the smoldering city and four days before the war ended. If Richmond suffers this latest incursion by another Illinois native, Kline will unveil his hero’s statue on April 5.
Revisiting Yankee “History”
Comparing Lincoln with Hitler is unfair in some respects.
In 1944 the 36th Waffen-Grenadier Division was created due to a shortage of manpower in Hitler’s army, and recruited from the lowest criminals; many of them from prisons and concentration camps of the Third Reich under the command of SS-Oberfuhrer Oskar Dirlewanger, who had himself been imprisoned by the Nazis on several charges including sexual offense against a young girl. The 29th Waflcn-Grenadier Division, commanded by Bronislav Kaminski, and the aforementioned 36th Division committed a catalog. of atrocities and acts of barbarity, including an orgy of looting, rape, torture and murder. Too much of an embarrassment for Himmler (who would have to answer to Hitler), Kaminski was ordered killed by Himmler, his death explained to his men as a result of an attack by Soviet partisans. Dirlewanger, when imprisoned, was beaten to death by former concentration inmates. [Source: Waffen-SS, Hitler's Black Guard at War, page 175, by Christopher Ailsby, Copyright 1997.]
Yet Abraham Lincoln not only allowed war atrocities but approved and rewarded his officers for them. For Example, Col. John Basil Turchin, formerly Ivan Vasilevich Turchinivov of the Imperial Russian Army, allowed his soldiers to plunder, pillage and rape the women of Athens, Alabama Cossack style. Turchin *s commanding officer. General Buell, had him court-martialed, yet Lincoln not only reinstated Turchin but made him a Brigadier General. [Source: The Civil War. by Shelby Foote, Vol. 3 (of the 14 volume set), pp 225-226.]
Therefore, the acts committed under Abraham Lincoln would never have been allowed by Adolf Hitler.
Lincoln Reconsidered
A Conference to be held in Richmond on March 22. For complete information review the webaitc at http://www.aouthemcaucua.org/lincoln Come and hear Lincoln's true views on race and slavery; his refusal to seriously pursue peaceful emancipation as had the British and Spanish empires recently done; his intentional waging of war on Southern civilians; the mass arrest of thousands of Northern political opponents and shutting down of opposition newspapers; the New York City draft riots; his role in creating a centralized, bureaucratic state. Getting to know the real Abraham Lincoln will help you understand why Virginians oppose the Lincoln statue in Richmond by an almost three-to-one margin according to recent opinion polls.
The railroad barons are back
— The empire —	February 2003 The First Freedom 9
- and this time they’ll finish the job
By Thom Hartmann
The railroad barons first tried to infiltrate the halls of government in the early years after the Civil War.
The efforts of these men, particularly Jay Gould, brought the Ulysses Grant administration into such disrepute, as a result of what were then called “the railroad bribery scandals,” that Grant’s own Republican party refused to re-nominate him for the third term he wanted and ran Rutherford B. Hayes instead. As the whitehouse.gov website says of Grant, “Looking to Congress for direction, he seemed bewildered. One visitor to the White House noted 'a puzzled pathos, as of a man with a problem before him of which he does not understand the terms.***
Although their misbehaviors with the administration and Congress were exposed, the railroad barons of the era were successful in a coup against the Supreme Court. One of their own was the Reporter for the Supreme Court, and they courted Justice Stephen Field with, among other things, the possibility of support for a presidential run. In the National Archives, we also recently found letters from the railroads offering free trips and other benefits to the 1886 Court’s Chief Justice, Morrison R. Waite.
Waite, however, didn’t give in: he refused to rule the railroad corporations were persons in the same category as humans. Thus, the railroad barons resorted to plan B: they got human rights for corporations inserted in the Court Reporter’s headnotes in the 1886 Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Railroad case, even though the court itself (over Field’s strong objections) had chosen not to rule on the constitutionality of the railroad’s corporate claims to human rights.
And, based on the Reporter’s headnotes
(and ignoring the actual ruling), subsequent
Courts have expanded those human rights for corporations. These now include the First Amendment human right of free speech (including corporate “speech*’ to influence politics — something that was a felony in most states prior to 1886), the Fourth Amendment human right to privacy (so a chemical company has successfully sued to prevent the EPA from performing surprise inspections - while retaining the right to perform surprise inspections of its own employees’ bodily fluids and phone conversations), and the 14th Amendment right to live free of discrimination (using the free-the-slaves 14th Amendment, corporations have claimed discrimination to block local community efforts to pass “bad boy laws’’ or keep out predatory retailers).
Interestingly, unions don’t have these human rights. Neither do churches, or smaller, unincorporated businesses. Nor do partnerships or civic groups. Nor, even, do governments, be they local, state, or federal.
And, from the founding of the United States, neither did corporations. Rights were the sole province of humans.
As the father of the Constitution, President James Madison, wrote, “There is an evil which ought to be guarded against in the indefinite accumulation of property from the capacity of holding it in perpetuity by ... corporations. The power of all corporations ought to be limited in this respect. The growing wealth acquired by them never fails to be a source of abuses.’’ It’s one of the reasons why the word “corporation” doesn’t exist in the constitution — they were to be chartered only by states, so local people could keep a close eye on them.
Early state laws (and, later, federal anti-trust laws) forbade corporations from owning other corporations, particularly in the media. [Emphasis added by The First Freedom]. In 1806, President Thomas Jefferson wrote, “Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.” He was so strongly opposed to corporations owning
other corporations or gaining monopolies of the media that, when the Constitution was submitted for ratification, he and Madison proposed an 11 th Amendment to the Constitution that would “ban commercial monopolies.” The Convention shot it down as unnecessary because state laws against corporate monopolies already existed.
But corporations grew, and began to flex their muscle. Politicians who believed in republican democracy were alarmed by the possibility of a new feudalism, a state run by and to the benefit of powerful private interests.
President Andrew Jackson, in a speech to Congress, said, “In this point of the case the question is distinctly presented whether the people of the United States are to govern through representatives chosen by their unbiased suffrages [votes] or whether the money and power of a great corporation are to be secretly exerted to influence their judgment and control their decisions.”
And the president who followed him, Martin Van Buren, added in his annual address to Congress: “I am more than ever convinced of the dangers to which the free and unbiased exercise of political opinion - the only sure foundation and safeguard of republican government - would be exposed by any further increase of the already overgrown influence of corporate authorities.” Even Abraham Lincoln weighed in, writing, “We may congratulate ourselves that this cruel war is nearing its end. It has cost a vast amount of treasure and blood. The best blood of the flower of American youth has been freely offered upon our country’s altar that the nation might live. It has indeed been a trying hour for the Republic; but I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country.
“As a result of the war,” Lincoln continued, “corporations have been enthroned and an era of corruption in high places will follow, and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices of the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few hands and the Republic is destroyed. I feel at this moment more anxiety than ever before, even in the midst of war. God grant that my suspicions may prove groundless.” Lincoln held the largest corporations - the railroads - at bay until his assassination.
But then came the railroad barons, vastly enriched by the Civil War.
They began bringing case after case before the Supreme Court, asserting that the 14th Amendment - passed after the war to free the slaves - should also free them.
For example, in 1873, one of the first Supreme Court rulings on the Fourteenth Amendment, which had passed only five years earlier, involved not slaves but the railroads. Justice Samuel F. Miller minced no words in chastising corporations for trying to claim the rights of human beings.
The Fourteenth Amendment’s “one pervading purpose,” he wrote in the majority opinion, “was the freedom of the slave race, the security and firm establishment of that freedom, and the protection of the newly-made freeman and citizen from the oppression of those who had formerly exercised unlimited dominion over him.”
But the railroad barons represented the most powerful corporations in America, and they were incredibly tenacious. They mounted challenge after challenge before the Court, claiming the 14th Amendment should grant them human rights under the Bill of Rights (but not grant such rights to unions, churches, small companies, or governments). Finally, in 1886, the Court's Reporter defied his own Chief Justice and improperly wrote a hcadnote that moved corporations out of the privileges category and gave them rights - an equal status with humans. (Last year we found the correspondence between the two in the National Archives. By the time the
Reporter’s headnotes were published in 1889, the Chief Justice was dead.)
On December 3,1888, President Grover Cleveland delivered his annual address to Congress. Apparently Cleveland had taken notice of the Santa Clara County Supreme Court headnotc, its politics, and its consequences, for he said in his speech to the nation, delivered before a joint session of Congress: “As we view the achievements of aggregated capital, we discover the existence of trusts, combinations, and monopolies, while the citizen is struggling far in the rear or is trampled to death beneath an iron heel.
“Corporations, which should be the carefully restrained creatures of the law and the servants of the people, are fast becoming the people's masters.” The Founders of America were clear when they wrote the Bill of Rights that humans had rights, and when humans got together to form any sort of group - including corporations, churches, unions, fraternal organizations, and even governments themselves - that those forms of human association had only privileges which were determined and granted by the very human “We, The People.”
But, as if by magic, even though in the Santa Clara case the Supreme Court did not rule on any constitutional issues (read the easel), the Court's Reporter rewrote the American Constitution at the behest of the railroad barons and moved a single form of human association - corporations - from the privileges category into the rights category. All others, to this day, still only have privileges. But individual citizen voters must now politically compete with corporations on an equal footing - even though a corporation can live forever, doesn’t need to breathe clean air, doesn't fear jail, can change its citizenship in an hour, and can own others of its own kind.
Theodore Roosevelt' looked at this situation and bluntly said, in April of1906, “Behind the ostensible government sits enthroned an invisible government owing no allegiance and acknowledging no responsibility to the people. To destroy this invisible government, to befoul the unholy alliance between corrupt business and corrupt politics is the first task of the statesmanship of the day.”
“The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.**
- President Jefferson Davis
Going back to Richmond
Written in protest of an anticipated Lincoln statue which aims to be placed in Richmond, Virginia April 6, 2003. This song will be included on the CD and screenplay, Sail on. Alabama, for release this spring.
I’m going back to Richmond,
I hear that distant roar.
Is nothing sacred anymore?
Going back to Richmond, again once more. For those whose memories I adore.
(Chorus)
Going back to Richmond,
I hear the distant sounds of war. Going back to Richmond,
For God and truth worth fighting for. Going back to Richmond,
To join my people rich and poor. Going back to Richmond,
For love of Dixie evermore.
(Chorus)
I hear the voice of Jackson,
He’s calling out my name,
44Don‘t let old Dixie writhe in shame.
and don 1 let our children go on wondering,
did their fathers die in vain? "
(Chorus)
I’ll join hands with my brothers
And guard this precious land.
To you, Mr. Lincoln, we take our stand.
You’re still not welcome, now or ever.
At least not to this loyal Southern man.
(Chorus and fade)
C 2003 Robert Lloyd. tel.(239)936-6446 POB 60114. FtMycrs. FL 33906
And so now, corporate-friendly Michael Powell’s FCC is moving toward lifting the last tattered restrictions on media ownership, allowing absolute concentration of the voices wc hear into a tiny number of corporate hands.
Any day now a case involving a multinational corporation claiming the right to deceive people in its PR - its First Amendment right of free speech - may be coining before the Supreme Court. (The New York Times corporation editorialized on December 10th that corporations must have free speech rights: the lines are being drawn.) As much as half the federal workforce is slated to be replaced by corporate workers under a new Bush edict. Government (which doesn’t have constitutional human rights of privacy, and so is answerable to We, The People) will then be able to use corporate-4 th-Amendment-human-rights of privacy to hide what those workers do and how they do it from the prying eyes of citizens and voters. In a similar fashion, corporate-owned and thus unaccountable-to-the-people voting machines are being installed nationwide; in the last election these machines often produced vote results so different from the polls that pollsters who have been successfully calling elections for over 50 years threw up their hands and closed shop.
This administration is set to complete what the railroad barons pushed the Grant administration to start: to take democracy and its institutions of governance from the hands of the human citizen/voters the Founders fought and died for, and give it to the very types of monopolistic corporations the Founders fought against when they led the Tea Party revolt against the East India Company in Boston Harbor in 1773.
And, in the ultimate irony, the new man in charge of economic policy as Secretary of the Treasury is a multi-millionaire Bush campaign contributor, chairman of The Business Roundtable (an elite corps of 100 of the nation’s most powerful corporate CEOs), and, himself, a railroad baron.
Thom Hartmann it the author of “Unequal Protec -bon: The Rise of Corporate Dominance and the Theft of Human Rights” and many other books at www.thomhartmann.com. Permission is granted to reprint this article in email, print or web media, so long at this credit is attached.
pftia j>»ve«.TisEHtwr _
LIBCRTfCONSULTING
A SVQSIOIA*Y of 0t$ti*Coilc<fT9
990- 9675 i
a
/✓/.	r
recce
SMS.
AW fiSAAAATM*	2
f/iCSft/24 J*
S	4U4£YSiS,	FOC+3
oan a a r£cr'** *** casat***
TV yf cfN/fkA r#0S£
Ar AJdXATY cmwsucr/**, X
au* *Mc/Jfk C#4?«a£C47?Aa* 7» 4*/ GAnsA, /ig/MlMAy 46
Mfnt 4s/ aipgr A/TAAcr/*£ *** IfA/Lr-ur 4Ls/sm%ssj Adc //>rf A CA4A T404Z, 4**
YP*A Af/aCI. XT"
&6S/&A' C0AfC2j*TS
f?t> - ft 7<r
10 The First Freedom February 2003	— League of the South —
The “war” on terrorism: a Southern perspective
“All we ask, is to be left alone."
—Jefferson Davis
By Dr. J. Michael Hill
President of The League of the South
The post 9-11 “war” on terrorism appears to have solid support among Southerners. After all. Southerners possessJ historically, a martial culture, and the Establishment has found it relatively easy to appeal to Southern “patriotism** in times of war or impending conflict.
But Southerners must not allow their patriotism to obscure their good judgment when it comes to fighting and winning the war on terrorism.
Few would question the firm moral case for responding forcefully to the sort of attacks that occurred on II September 2001. Those responsible ought to be pursued and punished. Moreover, those responsible for America's defense ought to honestly address the weaknesses that allowed the attacks to happen in the first place. Providing for the common defense is supposed to be one of the few things the general (or federal) government does, at least according to the Constitution.
In a flurry of post 9-11 activity, the Bush administration has sought to reassure Americans that all that can be done is being done to protect the country against future terrorist attacks. For now, all this activity (e.g. the invasion of Afghanistan, the arrest of numerous Muslim terror suspects, the passage into law of the USA PATRIOT Act, the establishment of the massive Homeland Security Department, etc., etc.) seems to have made most Americans feel more secure. Now, we are being prepared for a war against Iraq, and our leaders tell us that it's unavoidable if we are serious about winning this war on terrorism.
Wanting to trust Bush and his administration, Americans — and especially patriotic Southerners - refrain from questioning their elected leaders in a time of proclaimed national crisis. But ought Southerners place such blind faith and trust in the Washington elites? To answer this question, we must look at who these elites are and the way they view the world and their own place in it.
First, who are they? Virtually all the
Washingtonian elites are products of the Ivy League (especially Harvard and Yale). They are the self-proclaimed “best and brightest.” They are traffickers in information and analysis; they produce nothing usable by anyone outside their own narrow class. But they command for themselves great power and influence by controlling the flow of and access to critical information. Second, they are involved in the often-incestuous relations among government, the multinational corporations, the academy, the media, and the big non-profit foundations. Third, as committed internationalists and proponents of global democracy, global capitalism, and even empire, they have no loyalty to any nation, regional identity. State, or local community. They are truly a deracinated class - politicians, bureaucrats, lobbyists, lawyers, consultants, academics, corporate executives, media moguls — that abhors the traditions associated with place and culture. These well-paid sophisticates disdain true patriotism, Christian ethics and mores, historical and cultural memory, ethnic and racial homogeneity within historical states, and, in the case of America, constitutional government. In short, they are enemies of all that traditional Southerners hold dear.
The elites* view of the world is based on narrow self and class interests, and such interests have been packaged rather innocuously for public consumption as “global democracy” and “global capitalism." But these transnational elites do not define “democracy” as would a traditional Southerner. The latter likely would associate his democratic republic with the idea of“the consent of the governed.” This, however, is far from the meaning of “democracy” for the global elites. For them, democracy is not a process worked out on the campaign trail and at the ballot box. Rather, it has more to do with results than with process. Democracy is an ideology that can be furthered only by certain social, cultural, economic and political outcomes. For “global democracy” and its handmaid, “global capitalism,” to be the genuine article it must successfully promote multiculturalism, diversity, tolerance, radical egalitarianism, open borders, the free flow of money and credit and goods and services, and other ideas that serve to undermine the concept of national sovereignty and traditional cultures.
Also, “global democracy,” and all the leftist ideas and policies that inform it, has taken on among the elites the authority of a religion. Thus it stands in opposition to
the Christian worldview that for long has dominated the South. The religion of the elites is steadfastly grounded in the rationalistic philosophies of the Enlightenment. Thus they believe that human progress, leading to utopia, can bring secular salvation to a world floundering in ignorance, bigotry, and superstition. As the high priests of this humanistic religion, the elites will allow no other gods before their high-tech Caesar - the omnipotent managerial state (as Samuel Francis calls it). And as the Oz-like manipulators of the levers of the managerial state, the elites see themselves as surely superior to the common folk over whom they rule. When pundits speak of the post-Christian West, they speak of the acquiescence of the American hoi polloi to this paradigm.
But can the secular international elite (and the American state which they control) committed as they are to a rationalistic post-Christian order, really defend us against the specter of militant Islam? Once upon a time, Christian Europe had no trouble in launching the Crusades or defending the Balkans and the Iberian Peninsula against the spreading cancer of Mohammadism. Then, a vibrant, self-assured Christendom showed no qualms about asserting itself against a competing religion sworn to its overthrow and destruction. But times have changed, and what remains today of Christendom is but a pale image of its old self. The medieval monarchs and warrior heroes who defended the gates of Christendom against the Muslim hordes have been replaced in our own day by bleating men who proclaim Islam a “religion of peace” and worry more about hate crimes against Muslim immigrants than they do about truly securing our borders against real and potential Islamic terrorists.
In truth, the post-Christian elites in Washington arc hamstrung by their own ideology. Their commitment to multiculturalism, diversity and tolerance precludes them from shutting down the borders and getting control of the problem of immigration, both Icgul and illegal. It also prevents them from championing America as an historic place settled and developed by Christians for their Christian posterity, a place worth fighting for. But because of the pernicious influence of the elites on public opinion through political correctness (or, properly speaking, Cultural Marxism), today's emasculated Christians dare not utter a word about this “place” actually being ours by inheritance, and as such closed off to those who do not share or
respect our history, culture, and religion. They have bought the elites' mumbo jumbo about America's uniqueness as a “proposition nation” whose creed is radical egalitarianism. Not to put too fine a point on it, but these slumbering Christians need to be awakened to cold, hard reality.
Simply put, the Washington ruling elites are not about to do the hard things necessary to protect us from an aggressive Islamic jihad. To do so would undermine the very ideology that keeps them in power. If we are to successfully counter the threat, we must first free ourselves from the grip of their alien ideology and then declare to Islam that it is our intention, as Christians, to defend our God-given inheritance. It would appear that the South, as the last bastion of historic Christendom, would be best suited to make this bold assertion.
To do this, we shall have to call this struggle with Islam what it is: a religious war. Moreover, we must stop confusing the issue by calling Islam a peaceful religion. The only peaceful Muslims are apostate Muslims. The best hope for the elite class is that most Muslims and Christians in the world today have truly and finally apostatized and therefore do not take their religion seriously. Regarding these peaceful and apostate Muslims now residing in the West, how many await the day when their numbers swell to the point that they can safely become faithful Muslims again? Should religious passions become inflamed between serious Christians and Muslims, the elites' global utopia likely will be swept away by forces that their vain ideology cannot keep at bay. And we as Southerners should bid this elitist worldview and a If Its pestilent policies good riddance. Only then can we seriously get about the task of winning the war against Islamic terrorism. Deo vindlce. □
Dr. I. Michael Hill, of Monroe, Louisiana, it President of The League of the South and the author of Celtic Warfare and Fire A Sword He is also a frequent lecturer on Southern cultural issues Dr. Hill's work with the League of the South has been featured in The Washington Pott, The Sew York Review of Books, The Journal of Higher Education. The Mobile Register. The Milage Voice. The Atlanta Journal and Constitution. The Wall Street Journal. The Nashville Tennessean, The State (Columbia. SC), and other publications. Dr. Hill is a frequent guest on television and radio talk shows and has recently appeared on both BBC Television and Fox News on behalf of the League.
Chicken hawks and chicken chickens, armchair warriors and wastrels
Here are some second thoughts on that large demonstration in
protesting the
By Lloyd Caperton Looking at the TV scene of the crowd present basically told me all I needed to know about this rally. The majority of the protesters were left-wing liberals, much like that generation before them which opposed the Vietnam war and whose legacy was one of the corrupting forces having molded the America of today.
The Vietnam protesters' legacy includes this welfare. state, feminism, high drug abuse, illegitimate birth, abortion on demand, gay rights, gun control, communism disguised as civil rights, government control of private property disguised as the environmental movement, etc. One former protester and draft-dodger, Bill Clinton, even became president and decided that
war wasn’t so bad as long as you weren't the one going.
On news reports of that gathering, I saw speaker after speaker talk about how the war with Iraq was being pushed by the large oil and ammunitions companies who stand to make a fortune off (he invasion. Also discussed was how these globalist corporations in control of the government seek to deprive American citisens and others of their rights in order to gain a world monopoly. They spoke of how such promoters of war for profit don't care how many have to die. All of which is very true, but the other things they were talking about I have a problem with.
They mentioned as how our tax dollars should not go to support the war, true enough, but I didn't hear anyone speak of lowering taxes or giving this misspent money back to the citisens. One of their main concerns was that this war money could be used for more welfare. They were also concerned that some questionable government handout programs might get cut out: America's war with Iraq was a war against the poor.
This antiwar rally insinuated that if one were right wing and conservative, then he supported (he war; and, if opposing the war alongside them, you were with the left, i.e.,
for redistribution of wealth, communism, etc. Both the pro and antiwar sides speak of protecting and promoting Democracy here and abroad. But, everyone forgetting that America was set up by the founding fathers as a republic and not a democracy is what has caused most of our troubles.
As for the poor, the Bible says that we will always have them no matter who runs things. Aside from medical problems, most of them are indigent because they or their parents made bad choices.
It became apparent that only certain antiwar individuals and groups had been invited to represent this protest against the war. There are reasons why they dare not let anyone sensible address this issue; (hat is, someone who is not trying to make their antiwar protest into a communist movement.
Recently at a smaller antiwar rally in Atlanta, several residents who showed up carrying Confederate flags angered some of those peace-loving liberals. Why should a Southron not be against fighting for so-called democracy overseas when they themselves are being deprived of their freedoms, cultural and religious symbols right here at home?
The corporate socialists wanting this war would love to shut down people
like myself. After raising my taxes to unpayable rates, they would first clear-cut my land, then divide it into subdivisions or strip malls while probably capitalizing on cheap foreign labour, the haves becoming a little richer thereby. The other side would love to see my property redistributed to the have nots, also after raising my luxes past affordable limits; then, using tax dollars, create government housing with perhaps a few trees left for a park. (No hunting or fishing though, PETA wouldn't allow that!) Either way. I'd lose. Globalism and communism aren't really that different, from my perspective.
I'll stick with the Southern movement. Most of us are against the War for Oil; but, when it comes to defending our rights at home, we stand ready to fight. Both the warmongering corporate socialists and the left-wing liberal peaceniks have trouble understanding us, but we don't find it difficult reading them. We care not for an American globalist empire on which the sun never sets, but just our own land. Nor for government handouts. But we do seek to keep what's ours from being parceled out to those who haven't earned it.
We believe in real Homeland Security. Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever!
- CapcCSA@aol.com
FELLOW TRAVELERS I was traveling through Montgomery and Birmingham a few months ago and picked up a copy of The First Freedom at a mini-mart gas station. I am impressed with your publication, very glad there is such a paper endeavoring to protect and preserve the symbols of our heritage - the Confederate flag, “Heart of Dixie'* motto on Alabama vehicle tags, our monuments, etc. I belong to the local SCV group, and am also trying to help save the Confederate heritage others are out to destroy. Enclosed is a check for two subscriptions plus 200 extra copies for distribution here.
BUFORD PARKER Russellville
I am so awfully glad there are others who agree with us. Thank you for doing this.	TERRI	WAGNER
Elberta
SCALAWAG LOTT
The sooner we realize that all politicians
-	both Republicans and Democrats - are
scalawags and sellouts, the better off we*11 be. They come South, say what they think we want to hear, go back to Washington and crawl in bed with their political buddies. These "buddies** are like Piranha, scared to do anything away from the school; but let one of their own get cut and begin to bleed, they'll go into a feeding frenzy eating one another alive, even those within the same party. I knew the left had no principles, but jeez!	GREG CREECH
Auburn
Well, there are a lot of Blacks up here who call Whites “racist** whenever they disagree with them on anything. 1 refuse to be called a racist because I will not allow them to define my actions or thoughts in their terms. Their definition of racist is not mine. My nephew is married to a lovely Chinese-American girl and 1 certainly have nammg against the- American Indian, so how can I be a racist? Anti-Black? Maybe. Racist, no. They will not define me!
HELEN OLSON Groton, NY
The real racists, destroying Rhodesia and South Africa, now want to go back in and enslave the whole continent.
Dr. Ravitch writes like a savage. I agree with what he said about Slip-of-the-Tonguc Lott and racists Sharpton and Jackson, but by writing so carelessly Ravitch lines himself up with those two racists, if on opposite sides of that racial dividing line. He paints all Blacks the same nasty color as Sharpton and Jackson: racists with “liberal/leftist masters.** Sorry 'bout dat, but there are a large number of Blacks who deserve a better picture than Herr Ravitch paints. For example, Justice Clarence Thomas, Alan Keyes, J. Watts, Jay Parker
-	all of whom take such horrible remarks from Sharpton and Jackson that, if Whites mouthed those same words, they would be accused of hate crimes. Now forget such more-published examples, and look at those Blacks who during back-of-thc-bus times put their lives on the line in “The Good War** and the Korean conflict which followed, plus all the others since. Forget Blacks who joined the nonsegregated armed forces and look at the ones who “made it** in civilian life, went to their churches and became better Christians than many of the Whites who took a much longer time getting rid of such racism as Dr. Ravitch seems to epitomize. I would have agreed with all his words had he been a little more accurate in his expressions and merely added a few adjectives such as “Jackson-type** Blacks, to better indicate what he really meant (at least, I hope that's what he had in mind). TOM STRIDER
Bonita Springs, FL Dr. Ravitch addressed the affair no more “like a savage9* than do Lott-types back-pedaling from the occasional truth they inadyertently utter. I'm passing your remarks along for those Whites who need their daily fix of guilt.
UtUn4
Your signed Idler with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary lo fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
We are behind you 100%. We believe just like you do. If being a racist is prefer-ring your own kind, then I’m a racist and proud of it. My husband is in complete agreement.	HAZEL	POOLE
Jasper, GA
Great that Doctor Ravitch excoriates Sharpton and Jesse (spit in your food) Jackson. Now, where is any condemnation of MLK and his Jewish creators? Where is his condemnation of an entirely illegitimate “civil rights** movement? Let him continue in a good work! On second thought, he approaches this in his comment, “Blacks and their liberal/leftist masters.**
PHIL BEVERLY Birmingham
OSAMA TELLS WHY The article by Edgar J. Steele, wherein he quotes and explicates parts of (as far as we know) Osama bin Laden's “letter to America,** is indeed a “wake-up call*' to anyone who wants to hear the other side of Islam vs. the West. Such open discussion is particularly valuable in a country whose mass media present a one-sided, slanted view of events in the Middle East. Unless willing to take a blind, “my country, right or wrong** attitude (actually, that would be my government, right or wrong), it’s difficult to dispute bin Ladin's assertions about the aggression suffered by Palestinians since 1948, and the unquestioning support of that aggression by the U.S. Government’s “bought and paid for" Congress. Thanks for being a publication that lives up to its name with local, state, national, and world level news - quite an accomplishment given your limited resources.
TYRONE CROWLEY Prattville
“REPRESENTATIVE" GEPHARDT: I just finished reading an article in The State newspaper of Columbia, SC. You are quoted as saying, “The Confederate flag no longer has a place flying anytime, anywhere in our great nation." It is interesting to note that if you visit any city or town you will find Mexican flags, Haitian flags, Cuban flags, Puerto Rican flags, Somali flags. Gay flags. Black nationalist flags, Israeli flags, Palestinian flags, “u.n." flags, just to name a few. I've even seen people waving those flags while engaged in violent protests bordering on riots. As an American, I find the proliferation of foreign flags throughout the country divisive and offensive. On the other hand, the Confederate flag was bom right here in this country and is therefore an American flag. I don't find it the least bit offensive or divisive. I would like to hear your opinion regarding the proliferation of foreign flag displays in our great nation.
GREG HANSON Apple Valley MN
THE LOST MEDIA I really enjoy The First Freedom, and am so glad a few intelligent people are still around. What has become of the Gulf Coast Friday Evening Sunl It started with a bang, had a very good letter to the editor from Dr. Virginia Murask, then an editor's reply that was nauseating. I prepared a letter to rebut him but his publication seems to have disappeared. Keep up the good work. Deo vindice.
NATHAN GAMBLE Bon Secour
The media Is where we lost It and the alternate media Is where we regain our freedom. The Evening Sun wasn't with us, hut this newspaper will stick around.
SWEET LIBERTY'S BACK 1 just finished reading Sweet Liberty's Back by William's Pen. I'm ready to go into battle! I don't know who William is, but I hope somebody makes him the Poet Laureate of the CSA! You’ve just made my day. From the Live Free or Die State of New Hampshire, JIM MADDEN
Derry, NH
I am a Yankee and parts of this is great, but some of it offends me. I was going to forward it till you called me a pig. There is sin on both sides; that war is best forgotten. You have a right to your Southern heros and symbols; it is no one's business what flags you fly, and I too spit upon the “u.n." flag, wipe my feet on that flag, bum that flag. The sooner it's gone the sooner these attacks against Under God and the Ten Commandments disappear. Don't fight us Yankees, fight the “u.n.," the Bushes, the Clintons and our Congress critters that are also traitors, having sold this country down the tubes. Let's unite and take America back to a constitutional republic.
VIRGINIA BROOKS, State Chair Reform Party of Ohio When Southern hearts are pierced with shame
And Southern heroes all defamed And Southern banners all denounced And Southern history soundly trounced By greedy Yankee socialist pigs...
Please reread that line: socialist pigs; not you. We appreciate Copperheads who knew the score then and know it now. Sure, there arc sinners north and south, but we'll spare Mo anytime you want him. Meanwhile, we're stopping his hate campaign against true history, even if that offends those who sincerely -or facetiously - misunderstand.
BACK TO RICHMOND Nothing could seem more preposterous or contemptible in the hearts of those that cherish the memories of our heroes, veterans and their families that suffered so greatly. Going back to Richmond was written for them. I propose that we start funding a statue of Southern hero John Wilkes Booth to be placed in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. I pledge the first dollar bill, appropriately a Yankee greenback, towards this fund and declare it the best dollar spent in my life.
ROBERT LLOYD Fort Myers, FL
February 2003 The First Freedom 11
BLACK HISTORY MONTH While we bask in several victories for the Southern Cause, we can't stop now. The only way to preserve our culture is to go on the attack. Trent Lott should have attacked his accusers by calling for a ban of the Congressional Black Caucus, which is a segregated, tax-funded. Black-only organisation. They would have backed off immediately. We must demand an end to the race-based, and therefore unlawful, practice of Black History Month in our so-called “public schools." It disrupts the education of our children, it's divisive and offensive. It must be stopped. Let's do it.
MONIKA JUNGHANS-JONES
Jessup, GA
&

DEPARTMENT OF OFFENSE Olaf, I noticed that they took the eye and pyramid off their site as you predicted.
LLOYD CAPERTON Weogufka
Austin Resolution
(Continued from page 7) for with so much blood by veterans and patriots throughout time, and to study the Bill of Rights so that they can recognize and resist attempts to undermine our Constitutional Republic and the system that has brought our civilization so much success; and be it
FURTHER RESOLVED that the City of Austin call on our United States Representatives and Senators to monitor the implementation of the USA Patriot Act, Homeland Security's Activation of NORTHCOM, the Designation of the United States as a Nation under Military Law under the NORTHCOM, and Related Unconstitutional Executive Orders and Presidential Decision Directives cited herein and to actively work for the repeal of them as well as the repeal of all Unconstitutional laws that violate the fundamental rights and liberties as stated in the United States Constitution and its amendments.
Our nation’s history and future
By Joe Miller
mavrik@ClickSouth.nct
Just remember, it started with a total ban of the Confederate Battle Flag. It continues with the distortion of our Southern history on the hallowed fields of battle, the ban of the song, Dixie, plus the removal of the name, “Confederate " And there is more to come.
Our nation's history is in peril of further Black organized demands, discontent, disorder and disturbing disruptions and there is nothing we can do about it Like the last time, we just don't have the numbers to do the job. Our government has been taken over and doesn't have the collection of guts to stop the total destruction of our already abused, misused and bruised constitution. They have done it all by playing the part of a victim, the underdog. Americans love underdogs, and justify their outrageous behavior even when they abuse the system to gain status, power and control.
The wall of separation between state and veracity has been constructed with the use of a weapon that we all fear, the fear of being labeled racist or bigot if wc disagree with prominent Black politicians or self-appointed Black leaders having a field day with our system. They arc using every conceivable form of twisted logic to be “offended." They distort truth, ignore facts to further their cause and diminish the effectiveness of their opposition with the “racist/bigot" label, a weapon that will eventually lead to the destruction of a once decent culture that was the envy of the world.
Blacks demand special advantage and high priority consideration at every level of each issue, which means affirmative action, reparations, and removal of every obstacle, whether it is an individual, a name, a symbol, phrase or song, as long as
their successes are enhancing their power and their standing in the community and reduces the stature of their designated adversaries, real or imagined.
If special consideration for one race of people over another is racist, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is the most racist organization in the world. They have made a profession of being racists, bigots and criminally reprehensible as a home-grown terrorist group that uses threats, intimidation, extortion, boycotts and name calling, instead of bombs, to destroy their imagined enemies. Perfect harmony between the races would put them out of business and they know that. And they arc going to persist in creating a divisive hatred and spiteful vengeance between Blacks and Whites as long as it is to their advantage to do so. If the NAACP says “jump**, wimpy politicians say, “how high?**
And an equally disgusting terrorist who makes weak-kneed politicians tremble in their boots is Osama Bin Jackson, another shake-down artist who has his own strong-arm operation. And he has been very successful in training one of his heirs to spook the United States Government into spreading his anti-Southern propaganda through the National Park Service, a pretty hefty unconstitutional accomplishment for a smart-ass son-of-a-bandit.
Government sponsored news or government enforced historical interpretations for public consumption arc both forms of government propaganda and as much against the Constitution as affirmative-action. Both are products of Karl Marx's method of historical analysis, the so-called “dialectical materialism,'* from which a classless and stuteless society will ultimately emerge. And that ain't nuthin' lo mess with.'
Should not have voted for Bob Riley
By Ken Hearin
After reading The Mobile Register on the historical inauguration of the new Governor, I realize I made a mistake in voting for him. I trusted Mr. Riley would be fair and sensitive to all Alabamians. Yes, even those who believe in Confederate heritage and their own civil rights. Mr. Riley has shown that he has no intention of being fair.
Mr. Riley was so transparent, starting with standing behind the pulpit at the church that supports immorality in its heroes. How can a proclaimed Christian man stand among the supporters of Martin Luther King, Jr. (with his history) and yet be ashamed to stand and sing Dixie? Are we becoming a generation of people that will accept anything as long as we are not stressed with its purpose? Americans
accepted Bill Clinton's excuse didn't they? Was Bob Riley afraid that the “Dixie people" would cause even his personal habits to be scrutinized? Is it not tragic how far this has gone? Our governor is ashamed of the history that put him where he is. 1 resent that he was even able to use the Bible Jefferson Davis had for his swearing in ceremony. Mr. Davis must be rolling over in his grave! How in the world did Alvin Holmes let this one get past him?
1 was appalled at Mr. Riley's statement, “ If I do nothing else in the next few years, Alabama is going to lead our nation in uniting the races once and for all." How in the world does he expect to do this? By forcing my grandchildren to be ashamed of where they came from? To be afraid to say what they think, or choose the path they want in life? Will they even have the freedom to be
inquisitive about their heritage and symbols without fear of reprimand? Can they not have a Confederate battle flag without being labeled with the “r" word? I personally am insulted and “offended." 1 am due an apology from this man for wasting my vote. I will work very hard to take it back. I will make sure that my children and their children know their history and why their ancestors fought so hard against this type of tyranny. The plan is to eradicate history. It no longer exists in their textbooks. 1 dare guess the only children knowing Robert E. Lee had a birthday were mine.
Mr. Riley has shown how insignificant our beliefs arc. We know where we rank in the chain of events. He could barely stand to place the wreath celebrating Robert E. Lee's birthday. I don't know how he could face the portrait. Perhaps that’s why he left
so hurriedly. Those there to commemorate this event didn’t even have their presence acknowledged. No words were spoken. Just a simple salute. How dare he take this so lightly! That small margin of his victory came from the Southern heritage believers who voted for him. We will not make that mistake again and be counted insignificant. We will insist the Confederate monument restoration be completed and that the tacky scaffolding hiding it removed. We will be the burr under his saddle for many months to come. It’s like that persistent drip which eventually wears a hole in the rock: at the onset insignificant but it gets through in the end. We will get there. Watch for us. We do not riot. We do not blackmail. We do not worry about overcoming. We are just very persistent, and focus on preserving our beliefs and monuments and symbols.
Terminal Phase
By Olaf Childress
Equational research
In our dawning information age, spheres heretofore unimagined invite exploration. New technology unburdens us of mundane tasks. The body is otherwise exercised than by drudgery toil, the mind has freedom to compare artificial intelligence against this enigmatic human consciousness itself.
We heritage redemptors now routinely utilize a two-character hypertext alphabet, scarcely even being aware of the way this transmits our standard language together with all its computer macroinstructions: for instance, when stacking basic formulae that extend out into some arrangement of piggy-backed yes/no questions - such as, Yes, but only IF; IF this condition is true, THEN continue inquiry at subroutine X, OR (if false), at subroutine J; IF named prospect is over 40, send him an offer, OTHERWISE go to next candidate on list.
Ordering our research in this manner, we arrive at definite answers. As the given string ofyes/no queries produces an instant reply (which is distinct from saying a fool might insert his slug and hit the jackpot of wisdom), be sure to remember that the law remains: “Garbage in, garbage out.” While 0 and 1 are its letters, your computer has, by branching to subroutines that multiply stored data exponentially, matured beyond simple questions invoking only a pair of potentials.
Our formula itself suggests such duality, its bipolar makeup having two terminals which generate and conclude the position variously set forth as question and answer, problem opposite solution, or whatever equation. The metaphysics of a universal circularity doesn’t concern this present study, as we have not yet arrived at any sea change definition worth consideration by the sciences one might hope would benefit A few people, nevertheless, appear to be forever chasing some conclusive system, thinking that by wishing for such payout they can break the bank.
A big difference between our Southern forbearance and the liberal’s rush to insert his New World Order (same old slug) is that we “rebels" suffer comparisons, allow even discrimination between mine and yours, and never seek to destroy anything in order possibly to build a better model on its ashes. One waits, if no longer patiently, for that ancient novelty to prove itself. So put his solution alongside our question and we’ll have a harmonious equation.
The theorem itself is now investigated. In what way does every inquiry resemble a chain, each valid connection drawing the next yes or no toward discovery, perhaps, of some truth that’s been waiting out there all along? Unanswerable questions cannot exist, even as an algebraic equation (or any position) is - when legitimate, timely and complete - in perfect symmetry. The cause finds its adherents.
If backward people beyond Alabama’s borders struggle under the same Sisyphean load a million times and more, we must not interfere. Let them devise an alphabet, then their formula. Meanwhile, in the Heart of Dixie, one has constantly to beware of that
“activist" among us looking for problems that didn’t exist until his government agency was sent here to solve them. Wiser heads will move past the first nine parts of many an older conundrum, our electronic search engines leaving little to conjecture or chance. And, though life remains ever dicey for those who govern their passions in open pursuit of a good cause, how very elevated the game! Forget ideals, focus on the present; self-legitimized targets having first thrown the gauntlet at our feet. With both eyes open we shall retake, from the near-totally Zionist-dominated media, what’s ours.
Egregiously wrongheaded assumptions in earlier times may give one pause to smile or cringe; but not the precautions of our founding fathers. Deserving of praise and reverence, that patrimony foresaw the equation we now come upon. A debt of gratitude is owed them for consulting the supreme lawgiver, thereby bequeathing us a constitution worth saving.
They wouldn't be impressed with these intermittent fools’ paradises; e.g., LBJ’s late. Great Society: other than to get busy applying electronic vigilance against the Big Planners still among us.
Perusing the pages of history, one may discern a position in every undertaking and movement For instance, common science formerly held that phlogiston, an invisible substance permeating all space, was the cause of fire. Though later studies proved the learned men “wrong” by establishing such matter had never existed, still it was necessary to replace their phlogiston with nitrogen and oxygen. So, were they really that far off- or was the theorem’s x merely premature?
Another example: The French team that had dug the Suez Canal, wonder of the world in its time, later met with total defeat costing thousands of lives when attempting to connect the Atlantic and Pacific across the isthmus of Colombia. Seeking some kind of answer to safeguard those fevered workmen from crawling insects as they lay dying, in their frustration doctors placed the bedposts in pans of water, not realizing the deadly mosquito larvae responsible for so many deaths were breeding right there in those very containers! So autonomous Panama then leased that same strip to the United States, much credit for discovering and eradicating the sources of those fevers eventually even going to a French doctor, Louis Pasteur, the first microbiologist.
Again: the convention of delegates that drew up a constitution worth fighting for was divided between two positions; those favoring independent sovereignty for the states and others believing a strong federal power necessary. The former prevailed, yielding us our Bill of Rights. Yet Lincoln couldn't grasp that formula, his alphabet recalling the primitive chicanery practiced even now by the mediacracy. This present science, with frames as the rapid oxidation of certain materials, quite beyond the ken of those having advocated phlogiston, does not discredit their rudimcntal proposition.
P = fire was correct, insofar as something unseen but obviously transformed thereby was the cause of fire. And those doctors who unknowingly brought the fever's very source to the patient’s bed were accurate in presuming they had to protect the victims from some outside invader. In each case, scientists who modify earlier conclusions must allow that every effort gone before has elevated their own points of beginning. The latest projection is resolved, usually, when an individual patent is conferred and Schlufi declared - to be reopened with the next first step toward another miracle!
Those writers of the U.S. Constitution rationalized natural law - no technology required nor called upon. Of the positions above cited, only theirs stood the test of a valid idea chain complete within itself. Such barbaric reversions as the Council on Foreign Relations and the Frank Roosevelt Brain Trust were still lying out there in the future, known to them when drafting the Bill of Rights only as empirical cupidity. Posterity could fill in the names when those anticipated appetites arrived on time. With contractual guarantees of sovereignty to the states, our forebears had harnessed such power-seekers as best the temporal formula permitted, a wise understanding of human nature reserving for later days its eventual path toward self-government.
The equation, insofar as then extended, was without flaw. And, whereas every new generation is called upon to state its own will for survival and growth, which is what life as opposed to mere existence is about, let us cherish this freedom as a bridegroom his love; renewing ourselves in faith of the perfect law; correct interpretation of which perceives imperfect man and the futility of any proposal that would reduce God unto similar creature.
Ever the beneficiary of kind providence, one returns the favor only in sober times; and even then no further than to his own progeny. So what’s our excuse? Except for all that courage and commitment against a more visible foe, how were those founders different from ourselves? Human motives haven’t changed one iota, nor do we live in a less dangerous age.
The answer is, we’ve become detracted from the question. Hollywood's la la land, the throbbing pulsations of television and radio and the whole mediacracy lead us ever backward, beyond Caesar's empire into barbarism - indoctrination pretending to be education, Lincoln’s invasion being taught alongside Holocaustics as the end of history; all of which leaves us no choice but to liberate the imprisoned, “liberal" media. No, this isn’t a “conspiracy theory.” It’s arithmetic constructed on documented evidence.
While the founders' inquiry advanced an orderly freedom and continual self-rule, necessarily preceding our leap to computer technology, it couldn't know what would come to pass. And now it's our move. At the public forum upon which we lost it is where we'll regain our liberty, if that’s to happen within these lifetimes. The greatest
sermon has no effect without a pulpit and an attentive audience.
Why continue seeing precious freedom, the right and responsibility of dominant will, migrate from ourselves incrementally in direct proportion as the elites come to power? Elites? No, those thugs wearing smart attire and promoted by themselves alone are racing against time to capture the internet terminals before we rouse up and, via online democracy, take back our state. To emphasize the momentous nature of this imminent peril or blessing, depending on who fully grasps its reach and harnesses the new technology at fullest measure, let me cite an old German tale. Please imagine our protagonist as being no less amiable than a media flunkey, an Alger Hiss or a world banker dressed in simple garb.
it seems there was this traveler who, having dismounted and seated himself at table, sets about to wheedle the innkeeper admiring his horse that he can purchase that animal for just peas. Payment would be exacted after a method involving the sixteen nails on each of its horseshoes: one pea the first nail, two for the second, four by the third, eight peas the fourth, and so on. His handshake counting for a badge of honor, the host becomes dumbfounded in discovering by simple arithmetic that he is now immensely indebted to his guest It wasn't related just how far they got with those calculations, possibly not much past 32,768 peas for the first horseshoe. But the computer could have told them precisely in a few keystrokes that the end sum would be 9,223,372,036,854,775,808, since today's immensity is easily measurable.
The unerring speed by which formulae are now processed might've frightened the two men a bit, had they become suddenly transported into these present environs of macroinstructed computers, but let us not smile at their technological poverty; a little humility were more becoming. For it’s only a matter of time until our heirs will wonder why we dallied these many years, even beyond the millennium, and still haven’t accepted the advantages on which we’ve been sitting for over a decade.
As the means for electronically auditing every move government makes are now at hand, why keep falling for the schemes of those Bilderberg charlatans?
Had France lost no time processing the data which led to Pasteur's discoveries, that Panama Canal would have been theirs. Yet we taxpayers, by meeting Colombia's $10,000,000 grievance suit, plus Panama's $40,000,000 advance, then paying billions constructing the facilities and thereafter furnishing annual rents for the w hole of a century, after all our troubles were ordered by the media to the back of the bus, that a little President calling himself “Jimmy" might drive us to their theoretic NWO.
Had online democracy existed, so much cost in sweat and human lives would never have been sacrificed to Communist China. If not France and America, we the people of Alabama might wonder wliy our public equations are so poorly constructed.