SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-lime readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.”
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
I \ The First
Hi f”^nm ier
Self-government begins at home
Volume 3 Number 6
http://www.gulftel.com/homefrcc/
When politicians lie. the state bites off what only individuals can chew It s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
June 2001
Mostly non-property-owners carry the vote for higher property taxes
May the gullible enjoy their higher rents. This longtime fighter against such tricks as just pulled on the voters of Mobile, phoning talk radio if he can add something to the matter under consideration, was recently “banned for life” from the Shane McBride show.
By Nick Jongebloed
Chairman, March Against Crime
For many years, the most popular talk shows were carried by radio station 71 Oam Mobile. Randy Patrick and Mike Malone are two hosts having provided outstanding service to the community, as well as giving sponsors more than adequate representation for their advertising dollars. Chris Smith is also a performer with excellent credentials.
But the fortunes of 710am have turned sour in recent months following the arrival of the Shane McBride show. The fellow is just a phony in so many ways; and this reached its peak during the heated debates prior to that May 15th School Tax vote. While pretending to be neutral on the subject, he then repeats the preposterous statements issued by tax supporters such as, “if the tax bill fails,” the system will “explode” ... “implode” ... “shut down” ... “disappear” ... “vanish'* ... and so on and on. Never mind that the system's 67,000 students and 7,000 employees* would still be present with 432 million budget dollars continuing to flow into the system, and metre being provided in years to come.
When callers question the outrageous statements by McBride, he on several occasions has gone ballistic, the latest outburst occurring Thursday, May 10, 2001 when he had a studio guest, one Steve Nodine who has been on his program several times. Even though Nodine said he was going to vote yes for the tax. he did not think its failure would lead to anything near the crisis McBride was predicting. Against this position McBride violently disagreed, and shouted at Nodine in so many words: How can you be so stupid? “I have talked many times with [School Superintendent] Dr. Dodge and he told me they could not even turn on the lights.”
I became concerned that McBride had gone too far this time, and dispatched an email to the WNTM station manager, one Mr. Kit Carson. The subject line: “Pull Shane before your station becomes a laughingstock.” The message read, “Hello Kit: Need to put the ‘hook' on Shane. He is pathetic with his outburst. Once or twice maybe, but now it is endemic. Good Luck.”
A few minutes later, McBride read my email over the air. Which further enraged him, and he yelled at his screener, “Nick Jongebloed is now banned for life from this talk show.” With that, I turned the station off; and, after a few minutes, wrote a second email, subject: Banned for life from this talk show. “Hello Kit, Randy Patrick, Mike Malone, Chris Smith, real professional ‘Talk Show’ hosts from a great radio station, 710am. How far your station has fallen with this juvenile Shane McBride and his childish temper tantrums. Good Luck and a quick recovery, whatever it takes. Best wishes.”
Several days later, on May 15, the voters approved a property tax increase “for the Mobile County Public School System.”
Unfortunately, this infusion of more and more tax dollars will do nothing to reform or improve the system. One hope is that
•Nick, these figures amaze me One employee for every ten students?! When you and I attended excellent schools, the ratio was one to 30. - Ed
President Bush may be able to help from the federal level. In a recent speech in New Orleans, he praised teachers but then went on to say we must have testing and accountability for the billions of Title One federal dollars poured into the system over these past 10 years. In Alabama we cannot test teachers or hold principals and teachers accountable when 60% of their ninth graders drop out before graduating, and students score in the 30s on SAT tests year in and year out.
On top of this, we have the Alabama
governor pushing through a law last year that guaranteed teachers a pay raise when the education budget increases at least 3.5 percent over the prior year, even though six months into the year lax revenue falls off and the budget has to be cut 6%. This is a blatant power play by the teachers' union, demanding pay at the national average from a state, Alabama, that ranks last in annual income growth and only above Mississippi in per capita income at $21,000. Teachers' salaries in Alabama are now at 29th. up from 40th five years ago
and climbing, while SAT scores remain flat. Nevertheless, the citizens of Mobile County were so bombarded with lies and misrepresentations that they threw in the towel and voted for higher taxes without any assurances of improvement in the end product: an educated graduate, one able to pass an exit exam set at 11th grade level and with a passing grade requirement of only 47 to 51 percent Too bad.
“What a heavy oar the pen is. and what a strong current ideas are to row in!"
- Gustave Flaubert, novelist (1821-1880)
Liberal foot-in-mouth disease running out of cliches
With Dixiefest's rebellious events behind us and already looking for a repeat in April, 2002, let's have a few more bits of good news that were unfit elsewhere to print
By Olaf Childress
What goes around comes around. Seems the Zionist Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and its pet beneficiary, the Southernj Poverty Law Center I (SPLC), both long on complaints against organized celebrations of historic Southern culture, are backing up in retreat. Sure, the SPLC has finished constructing its huge new electronic spying -center right adjacent the Capitol of the Confederacy here in Montgomery, and many ADL-bribed political prostitutes continue giving an illegally unregistered |_ foreign agent of Israel	Jefferson	Davis
access to brainwash little school children | across America with rather strange ideas | about whom to love (Big Brother) and hate (themselves and their heritage). But. where many see only cash at work - purchased “news” and selective silence (“Follow the money,” say those at least partly informed)
- patriot talk radio, Internet websites, and | papers like The First Freedom are now I enlightening an increasing number as to what's actually going on.
Our movement expands in real clout in proportion as the Establishment keeps spreading liberal cartoonist Horsey’s you-know-what. Just ask ex-Mobile County Commissioner Gary Tanner, who didn't like the battle flag. Or ex-Pensacola City Commissioners John Pankyo and Debra Thompson, ditto.
I know this little tabloid is sounding an optimistic note here in face of the fact that local voters were just bamboozled by the Mobile Register and other merchants of misinformation into approving a May 15th tax increase referendum [sec above article by Nick Jongebloed], Admittedly, we've got a ways to go. But, come with me to any of these meetings by newly-organized “hate groups” forming up hereabouts and see the rising spirit. What we're fighting (and, granted, actually hate) is the liberal lie; not those who perpetrate or fall for it.
Awakening voters are refusing to approve further tax hikes pushed endlessly upon themselves. But the media, working in tandem with a City of Mobile regime seen by many as devious and corrupt, triumphed momentarily with that May 15 property tax hike in one of the slickest moves yet
To whatever extent unsuccessful in
hanging onto their product, intelligent people are no longer begging for its return with strings attached. Tired of that game, and accessing more reliable information, they will not likely vote for the Stupid Party again, or a candidate whose platform is simply “getting back our fair share" of expropriated wealth. What Bill Ebb wants brought home is his dignity.
Having lost repeatedly on ballot efforts to get higher property’ taxes passed. M&M
opted for an all-out. divide-and-conquer move with their May 15th referendum. Michael Dow and Michael Marshall. Mobile's mayor and daily paper editor respectively, arranged for inner citv voters — a massive bloc paying relatively little in property taxes - to gang up on the property-owning county residents who had fled that money sump, and their once secure neighborhoods, for the suburban safety of new homes in areas refusing to be annexed. This would bring back home the pie. implied M2, the editor, it wouldn't be necessary to trim the school system's sports and band funding, nor incompetents from teaching jobs. Ml could go right on dispensing free “pearls."
The referendum was jury-rigged so as to split and confuse the NO vote, affording no real choice there - an affirmative mark being simpler. Somehow, VOTE YES signs got posted in front of most schools and with foot-high letters inside the atrium of that glass palace of a city/county central courthouse M1 had constructed early in his romp as mayor; all of this being illegal, of course, but it worked. Overwhelmingly. Mobile and its bankrupt stepchild Prichard went for increased property taxes. Equally lopsided was the NO vote in the remainder of Mobile county outside this regime's stranglehold. Er, stronghold.
Next day after that vote. M2 was telling his readers the sad truth; school funding cuts would proceed as planned. More money for MI s pearls. Surprise!
How long can this go on? Not very, if The First Freedom and other information sources get the word out to those minorities
Talk
Radio
WMOB 1360 an - Mon.-Fri., noon till
I	PM. Kelly McGinley “Retaking America” Plus, each Saturday:
II	am- 1 pm Robert Gardner “Talking Truth” and I pm - 2 pm Dan Daniels* “Viewpoint"
who've been hoodwinked time and again by M&M's I a wy e^ construct lonreal estate syndicate.
Now back to the good news. August 28 - and Mike Dow's bid for reelection -being just around the comer, one of M2's favorite “hate” groups, the local League of the South chapter, is recruiting blacks to join in and help educate their community as to how they've been misused. No. you won't read this in the Mobile Register
The issue for which we all contend, black and white, was bound to reassert itself And this time we will not be denied.
Even the ADL-supported NAACP is running out of cliches to hurl at awakening Southern white males Nor do very many Mississippi blacks, voting in surprising numbers to keep their assailed banner, view Jesse as anything but the hustler he is.
Havinc conceded claimed necessary for bringing their clients up to par. these latest demands - that while) give up even his heritage - are setting off alarms, as finally a civilized people secs its salvation in fighting the liberals tit for tat
Following the betrayals of state flags in South Carolina and Georgia by politic tans fearing NAACP's smears and threatened boycotts, it was guesswork which way the sawy officeholder ought to move. As John Cnpps of FreeMississippi.org noted at his huge Jackson rally on April 14th. some of those lawmakers aren't that bright in the first place.
Conditioned to avoid bad publicity at all costs, “representatives” voting against their own constituents did not realize the latter felt differently than told by the liberal media to feel. With new governors and legislators now moving in to replace those who misjudged the electorate, it will be interesting to see how long this process of renewal takes. Laid back according to longstanding custom, deconstructed and decarpetbaggered. the New South may sing again.
WANTED
Candidates for public office. Thousands of openings. Honest integrity a requirement. The need is urgent, so apply immediately. ALSO WANTED: Advertisers, patrons, distributors and subscribers for this paper Will you help? Can you hand out. say . 200 copies each month? Alabamians, let's live!
i The First Freedom | P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576
i nxnur
I MAIL ADDRESS
« CITY	ST	71?
J □ Here's SI2.00 for a I-year subscription.
! O For S	con&idei	me a patron
t mail, id nr or comment
— Line in the sand
Step One: exposing liberal hate and its true objective (cultural genocide)
Liberals can9! get used to the idea that when Mississippi voters had their say, it wasn Y what they had been told to say.
By Linda Sewell
Friends of the Rag •
Having just seen the insulting cartoon in today's Mobile Register, this will be the last of your liberal, hate-filled rags I shall ever purchase. I am highly offended that you depict the beautiful women of Mississippi as overweight, pipe wielding, tatoo covered, hat wearing, and ugly. 1 was born in Jackson, Mississippi, live in Mobile and am thoroughly insulted!
[Horsey’s horse-manure, or rather his pathetic attempt at humor, first appeared in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. - Ed.]
Would you dare print a cartoon depicting a Miss Black Mississippi in this manner? Should you demean yourself in such perverted way, Jesse Jackson and oF Queasy himself would be here before the ink dried, yelling racism! and bigotry! -forcing a retraction and demanding an apology. Why, then, is it politically correct to bash Southern white women?
As former Miss Americas, 1 am sure that Mary Ann Mobley (1959), Lynda Mead (1960), Cheryl Prewitt (1980) and Susan Akin (1986) would be thoroughly amused, or more than likely disgusted, with your view of Miss Mississippi.
I also note with great interest that you obviously couldn't find anything to insult or offend us white Southerners locally and was forced to look to Seattle for inspiration and
help. Well, after the riots in February during Mardi Gras in that city, you certainly could not have found a more racist, white-hating city from which to secure your perverted cartoon.
It’s obvious even to the casual reader such as myself, who only buys your rag when there is something in it of interest to me, that you literally hate white Southerners. How do you manage to stay in print with this negative attitude toward the South? As a matter of principal I will be making copies of this cartoon and sending it to many if not all your corporate sponsors with a copy of this message, so they'll know how you spend those advertising dollars to insult, degrade and offend the very ones who buy their goods and services.
We Southerners will only take so much
abuse from you liberal hate-mongers. If you dislike it so much here, why not mow to San Francisco, New York or Seattle where your liberal, perverted, hate-filled cartoons and rhetoric will be appreciated and deemed funny. Unfortunately for you, that behavior doesn't sell papers here in the deep South, it only serves to antagonize us Southern white ladies who find your perversion sickening and disgusting. | hope you had a good laugh at our expense!
In Dixieland where I was bom!
[Friends of the Flag, you're making good headway exposing the liberal agenda. We are not taking any more of this culture-bashing. Step IWo: Hit 'eta the only spot they're actually “sensitive” In the pocket book, blow they will leara what we can do about the big lie. - Ed.)
Lincoln, the foremost war criminal (don’t read this if facts are a bother)
Ahmiwhn— FI-mIm chnuld he war against the Confederacy and Southern suffered serious financial loss if a low control of China, an honest appraisal of
Abraham Lincoln should be named America’s g reales I war criminaL His war of invasion not only killed over 600,000 innocent Americans, but it is obvious from his earlier speeches that he had previously advocated the prevalent constitutional right of democratic, state by state secession.
By Ron Holland
AwtfwrnCincMt.org
Lincoln's War effectively overthrew the existing decentralized, limited federal government that had existed and governed well in the U.S. since established by America’s founding fathers. He bastardized a respected federal government with limited powers into a dictatorial, uncontrollable Washington federal empire.
Because of Lincoln, the once American constitutional republic fell from a dream of liberty and limited government into the nightmare big government we have today, lacking the earlier checks and balances of state sovereignty. After Lincoln, in foreign policy the U.S. forgot George Washington's warning about neutrality, and we became an aggressive military abroad, until today we have troops defending the Washington Empire in over 144 nations around the world.
The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations Is, In extending our commercial relations to have with them as little political connections as possible. It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances, with any portion of the foreign world - George Washington
Lincoln shares his war criminal actions with other well known tyrants that waged war on their own people. History shows us that politicians make war against their own citizens even more than against foreign nations. The reasons are often to establish and preserve their power base, as was the case in the Russian Revolution and the Mao Revolution. For others, like Hitler, it was misguided super patriotism and racism that brought death to tens of millions. Sadly, in the case of Abraham Lincoln's
XbeEInt
Freedom
PO Box 385, SOverldll, AL 34574 Email: homefrte^fulfteLcom Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: John Fender, Ben George, Nick Jongebloed, Mildred Laurendine. Mable Lloyd, Tim Meadows, Ehrin Rozyskic, Linda Sewell.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $12.00 fcr a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in the U.S. Those interested in bulk rales, ask for terms.
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let yarn ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsol idled manuscripts; email is preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
against
civilians it was all for money, company profits and government tariff revenues: a simple case of political payback in return for Northeastern manufacturing interests supporting the Republican Party and his campaign for the presidency.
Early in his career Abraham Lincoln was an honorable statesman. Election year politics and the special interests supporting his presidential campaign corrupted a once great man. He knew what he was doing was wrong and unconstitutional, but succumbed, as in the case of many modem day politicians, to the allure of money, power and ego.
Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This Is a most valuable, a most sacred right - a right which we hope and believe is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government may choose to exercise it. Any portion of such people, that can, may revolutionize, and make their own of so much of the territory as they inhabit.
— Abraham Lincoln, January 12,1848
The above quote shows Lincoln as a statesman 12 years before he plunged the United States into its most disastrous war. Suffering a death toll so high in percentage of total population his carnage ranks with the political genocides of Stalin, Lenin and Mao during their communist revolutions; so great that it dwarfs the American deaths in all of our many declared and undeclared wars before and since this American holocaust of death and destruction.
From the following quote you can see that, later, Lincoln had radically adjusted his rhetoric to meet the needs and demands of those business establishment financial supporters.
No state, upon its own mere motion, can lawfully get out of the Union Plainly, the central idea of secession, is the essence of anarchy. - Abraham Lincoln
Why the complete change in rhetoric and actions? Simply to preserve high tariffs and corporate profits for the Northeastern business establishment Lincoln, having earlier in his career obviously favored the right of peaceful secession, provoked a war that killed 600,000 Americans as a payback to the eastern manufacturing establishment bankrolling his presidential campaign. These special interests would have
tariff Confederate States of America were allowed peacefully, democratically and constitutionally to secede from the United States in lawful state secession conventions identical to the ratification assemblies at which they had joined the Union. Thus the real reasons for the death and destruction of Lincoln’s War were covered up, hidden by historians who continue even today to deny the truth and hide the ultimate costs of Lincoln’s American holocaust.
While Lincoln’s death toll is small in comparison to those of Mao, Lenin, Stalin and Hitler, there are many similarities between these men. In the Russian Civil War from 1917 - 1922, around nine million died under Lenin, and we must add another 20 million under Stalin from 1929 to 1939. The Mao communist regime in China killed 44 to 70 million Chinese from 1949 -1975.
Still, the U.S. constitutional republic as established by our founding fathers was in effect destroyed by Lincoln’s unconstitutional war; just as surely as Mao and Lenin overthrew the existing Chinese and Russian governments.
The multitude of Lincoln apologists would say this is just another Confederate argument certainly not accepted by most historians. I counter that the opinions and books of these so-called establishment historians living off my tax dollars through government funding at liberal-controlled universities and think tanks are prejudiced towards Lincoln and Washington, D.C. They are not different from the official government historians in China, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union. Their job is to lie to the American people and cover up a true and honest account of our history in order to support the government and political system in power.
History shows us that a fair and honest discussion of Lincoln’s wartime actions will not be possible with the Washington political establishment remaining in power. Since Lincoln, that empire has reigned supreme and omnipotent, for which reason establishment historians have never honestly debated the Lincoln war crimes.
Consider this. Was a fair and honest account of Lenin or Stalin written and published during the Soviet Communist regime? Of course not Could a less than worshipful history of Hitler’s Third Reich have been published until after 1945? No! Even today, with only nominal communist
Mao’s revolution and crimes against the Chinese people has not been possible. It is no different in the United States today than in Red China, or was in Nazi Germany tod the Soviet Union. Just as Lenin's statue could not be toppled in Red Square until after the fall of the Soviet Communist government, nor the truth be told about Hitler until after Nazi Germany's defeat, so is it here in the United States.
My hope is that someday in the not too distant future, a true account of Lincoln's war crimes will be discussed, debated and acknowledged. The Lincoln Memorial should be remodeled to show the horrors of “Lincoln, the War Criminal” - with an opportunity for all to visit Washington and learn how war crimes, genocide and holocaust are not just what foreign politicians commit; that government and political tyranny can happen, has happened, here just like in Germany, China and the Soviet Union; and that, through education and honest history, it wiU never happen tor again.
In the future, may we have opportunity to learn at the American Holocaust Museum in Washington about that Nazi atrocity, and then visit a few blocks away the Lincoln War Crimes Museum. The one will state for all the world that never ogam shall a tyrant or government be allowed to target, exterminate and destroy an ethnic, racial or religious minority; the other pledging that never again in America shall we allow a president or government to make unconstitutional war against these sovereign states or their citizens and then cover up the truth up for over 145 years.
We should start today with an hottest appraisal of what Lincoln really did to Dixie: how our black and white innocent noncombatants suffered under his total war policy against civilians. Finally, we should address the cost in lives, lost liberty and federal taxes the citizens of the U.S. have endured because our limited constitutional republic was destroyed.
Abraham Lincoln was a great man, a smart politician; and he could have been an excellent president had he considered the short-term costs of his high tariff and the longtime price every American would pay for his war of invasion. It is time to stop worshiping Lincoln and educate the public about the war crimes he committed against citizens of the Southern states so that this will never happen again!
Two anti-Confederates defeated in Pensacola
In spile of covert organizational skills, it will take awhile for them to rise to the level of that line in the sand, for liberals aren’t very quick.
By Phillip White
http:tfwww.sliMckft.nct/
Two incumbent members of the Pensacola City Council who voted to remove the Confederate battle flag from city property in February, 2000 have been defeated for reelection.
Councilpersons John Pankyo and Debra Thompson were defeated in city elections
held May 1. Pankyo was the swing vote that denied the local Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV) an opportunity for presenting information to the council prior to that final vote which removed the flag in favor of the First National. Thompson also voted to remove the battle flag, and later voted against the SCV-proposed “Heritage Act*’ passed by a 6-2 vote in April, 2001.
Councilman Owen Eubanks, who supported flying the battle flag, was returned to office by 18 votes.
Individual SCV members were directly involved in these races and contributed to
the narrow margins of victory.
Wednesday the Sons of Confeden Veterans in Pensacola, Florida havi helped defeat two anti-Confcderi elected officials, may those who folk this misguided path in Alabama, Georg South Carolina and Mississippi jc Pankyo and Thompson as former elect officials.
For The South,
Phillip White Chief of Protocol, SCV Public Relations Officer. Florida Divts Adjutant, Stephen R. Mallory Camp * I Pensacola, Florida
The Constitution of the United States
Amendment XX.* Section 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then begin.
Section 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint a different day.
Section 3. It at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become President If a
President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified, declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President shall have qualified.
Section 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever the right of choice shall have
Part Twenty-five Of a Series
devolved upon them, and for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.
Section 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the ratification of this article.
Section 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the several states within seven years from the date of its submission.
• The Twentieth Amendment was ratified January 23, 1933.
For a free pocket-size copy of the U.S. Constitution. telephone 1-800-722-7494 or 1-877-778-9001.
Standing up against cultural cleansing by scalawags
By Tim Meadows
Chairman. South AL Council of Conservative Citizens
Recent attempts by the Mobile ‘‘Suppress Register" and so-called journalist Mark Holan to tar the Council of Conservative Citizens and all heritage groups are way out of line. They continually try to link us with the Rian, can't get the point. Truth is, they're scared of this heritage movement, knowing we are gaining influence in our community and will have a major impact on future elections. Trying to portray us as a “hate" or Klan group is simply their only chance of shutting down this increasing tendency. And, so far, the tactic has failed.
The South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens is active in maintaining our Southern culture, protecting the Christian and moral values of families, combating the blatant racism that is obviously being committed against our Southern people by liberal groups such as the NAACP and Southern Poverty Law Center (both having vqw&IJq remove any and all vestiges of the Confederacy and our Southern culture.
These groups have attacked us from all fronts, starting with the Confederate flags which flew over the capitols of Alabama, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Florida, Texas, North Carolina and others. They've assaulted and forced removal of monuments erected to honor Southern generals such as Robert E. Lee, Nathan Bedford Forest and many more.
These are the same groups which honor and promote homosexuality, abortion, and the rewriting of our Constitution to fit their agenda. They are for higher taxes and removing the Word of God from schools.
Fellow Southerner, we are losing our country and our freedom.
The South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) has stood against these liberal issues in Mobile as well as across the Country. We have succeeded in achieving the first Confederate History and Heritage Month for Mobile County, also restoring the correct National Flag of the Confederacy in the City of Mobile, and in booting out eight year incumbent County Commissioner Gary Tanner, which gives Republicans control of the county for the first time in the history of Mobile.
We are now kicking off our campaign to allow the citizens of Mobile a vote on restoring the Confederate battle flag to county properties, as it flew for 34 years until one person complained. After all, it is our flag, our county and our constitutional right to voice an opinion at the polls just as Mississippi has done in retaining its state flag.
We face the. struggle.of removing those spineless do-nothing politicians such as Freeman Jockisch who, behind the backs of citizens in a quiet room, agreed to the removal of our Confederate flag to appease Sam Jones and the NAACP.
Many men have died for this country. It was mainly Southern men who won our freedom and liberty in the Revolutionary War against the British. Again, Southern men and women who stood against big government and its controlling ways which led to the War of Northern Aggression in 1861 -65. Southerners were shipped off to WWI, WWII, Korea, Vietnam and all battles and wars between. We are fighters,
we love our freedom; we are Southern and we are a People.
The Confederate battle flag is a symbol against tyranny. Its design was taken from the St Andrews Cross. 300,000 Southern soldiers, more than in all of those other wars combined, died fighting for what it represents: freedom, not oppression; heritage, not hate.
We as sons and daughters of Southern men and women are now organizing across the South to stand up against this Southern cultural cleansing by scalawags and bigots such as Freeman Jockisch and Sam Jones.
We must stand for our ancestors. We must stand for our symbols. We must stand for our freedom, our children and our rights as citizens of this country.
The South Alabama CofCC together with our Southern brothers and sisters is ready to go on the offensive. We are tired of being run over, made ashamed of who we are, how we talk; tired of them teaching our children the homosexual agenda; tired of infanticide called abortion. And we are tired of being a whipping boy for the rest of the country. We need a unity between Southern people that will not die, a unity that is passed on to our children and their children for generations to come. It's time for you to get politically active in this Southern movement which the liberal news media is desperately trying to stop.
As an honorable people with a worthy heritage, we will no longer tolerate its removal. Please join our efforts. Together, much can be accomplished. If you would like to find out more, or to help in any way, call 334-649-2236.	□
What?! You’re still subscribed to a daily paper?
The First Freedom wastes no ink covering uboth sides99 of every story. We limit our space to what9s hard to come by, such as letters unfit for the Establishment to print
By Mildred J. Laurendine
This was submitted to the Mobile Register April 12, 2001. Editor Michael Marshall replied after two weeks, stating he was unable to publish it due to the volume of letters received.
I called and talked with Mr. Marshall, and he suggested that I resubmit my letter which I did. He replied again declining publication. Somewhat surprised, since I have been submitting commwnjcappns to the Register on and off for half a century or more and do not recall any previous rejectl5'n;'t6’0,^ince thejjaper had accepted my submissions without question, I can only assume that the rejection was because I was critical of the present city administration, which is apparently strongly supported by the newspaper.
I mention this incident because the Register is our sole local daily newspaper, and too often appears highly partisan.
While it is the newspaper's prerogative to be partisan, it also has a responsibility to its perceived captive audience. Combined with the difficulty, if not impossibility.
of obtaining what should be public information from city officials, this makes for irresponsible government. Rejected by that paper having greater circulation, in hopes of communicating with my fellow citizens, it goes now to The First Freedom, which, with its commitment to freedom of the press, is apt to print it [Right on!-Ed.] " The Editor, Mobile Register PO Box 2488 Mobile, AL 36652-2488 In 1931 Lincoln Steffans, an American journalist and political philosopher, published his influential and popular book. The Shame of the Cities. In this and other writings (he was editor of McClure's, a well-known women's magazine), he - sought to persuade readers to examine what was going on in their communities, and the causes of mismanagement and corruption.
It is time for Mobilians to give serious and conscientious thought to our own city administration now gearing up for the August city election.
The present mayor makes light of this city's severe budget shortfall and tells us he will join his peers and resolve the threat, but he has had his watch (and an extended one) and foundered. It is now time for a change, and a new and more responsible leadership.
Mr. Dow's solution has been to shift
borrowed money to capital funds financed by tax dollars, then move cash from that account to the general fund; all of this to cover the $12 million shortfall with fifteen million dollars, only now considering a reserve; and, all the while saying there's no financial crisis, bragging of his administration’s "Political maturity” in handling the current economic downturn, attributing financial difficulties to that cause (though the city was experiencing problems earlier).
The mayor is reported to have made similar budget adjustments last year which, though legal, smack of legerdemain and a lack of prudent management. Such maneuvering appears inexcusable, since for more than a decade our community has shared along with the rest of the country a prosperity seldom paralleled. That failure to reserve for exigencies, I believe, brought about the eurrent dilemma. Boom and bust periods have been somewhat controlled but not eliminated.
Let us hope the incoming council contains individuals of independent mind who will carefully evaluate the issues and not be pressured by undue influence. It will shame this city if the voters fail to realize meaningful change when voting for a new mayor and council to lead us to an economically sound and truly progressive city, one we can be justly proud of.
— Mildred J. Laurendine
June 2001 The First Freedom 3
a different slant on the news
Here's what was ignored or mis reported elsewhere
A VAST, RIGHTWING CONSPIRACY is about to call for a boycott against one single major retailer, possibly Dillards, to finally get the attention of newspapers that depend on advertising to stay in business. Displeased with increasing media attacks against ‘‘hate groups” (which includes any non-lefiist organization that dares defend our heritage), ever more people are writing letters to their advertisers, not the editors, of dailies no longer being read. With Ad agencies keeping merchandisers in the dark about falling newspaper circulations and no known cure for liberalism, some nonpolitical retail chain will take the hit first And that's a shame.
NO STATE FLAG will fly over the city of McCaysville, Georgia for the next few weeks. Councilman Edward Massengale proposed on May 8 flying the new state flag only on state holidays except Confederate Memorial Day. After discussion, however, the council instructed Clerk Nancy McGaskey to fly no state flag until the matter can be researched further.
GEORGIA’S PEECEE STATE RAG, er, flag, won’t fly, says Mike Crane. The new banner, miniaturizing the Confederate insignia as approved this year by state legislators in fear of the ADL’s NAACP branch, and run up the pole without a vote by the people, has been pulled down on several occasions by Crane in Blue ridge, Ga. When Fannin County Commissioner Richard "Doc" Vollrath purchased several of the new rags to fly at the courthouse. Crane and others replaced them with "the people's Georgia flag." The most recent incident got him and fellow patriot Mike Chandler arrested. "Actually we've done it three times,” said Crane. No charges have been filed.
ONE MAN, ONE VOTE - except when they don't vote the way we want “We’re determined that Mississippi flag is coming down,” NAACP Chairman Julian Bond is reported as saying. And Eugene Bryant, head of the local group, is meeting with Kwesi Mfiime and Field Director Nelson Rivers to consider a boycott that will “bring Mississippi kicking and screaming into the twenty-first century.” But a similar move last year against South Carolina’s tourist sector had an opposite effect: improving the state’s economy. Mississippians ask: “How can we get NAACP to boycott?”
WAR CRIMES ACROSS THE SOUTH committed from 1861-1865 in violation of the U. S. Constitution, the Law of Nations and U. S. Executive Order Number 100, whereby the private property of non-combatants was ravaged, burned, stolen, and destroyed as a deliberate policy of an unconstitutional war of invasion, conquest, and occupation are going to be investigated at last. The League of the South is right now petitioning Congress to conduct a thorough, nonpartisan study examining the long neglected injustices arising from that barbarity. Read about it and join the action. http://www.dixieiiews.coni/iiews040102.htm
NOT JUST IN MONTGOMERY for Jefferson Davis’ birthday, but at home it’s equally important to demonstrate in numbers. The Mobile City Commission (seating capacity?) celebrates Tuesday, August 7, 2001 at noon the one year anniversary for removing our Southern flag to appease the furriners over at the Communist Register. Any late schedule changes, we Internet news hounds will sniff out and point to in a minuteman’s notice. So put this date tentatively on your calendar, and please send us your email address. By the way, if you know voters in Mobile who aren’t yet decided which way to go with that August municipal ballot, have them drop in at http:/Avww.gulfteLcom/homefree/13.htm for an eye-opener.
— Mobile —
Mike Dow: Alabama’s number one heritage violator
To Mobile Mayor Mike Dow who hates the culture of his constituents both black and white, having spent much of his career denigrating it. Friends of the Flag say heritage should not be politicized and they’ll return fire when politicians attack.
By Ben F. George, Jr.
Chairman, Friends of the Flag
At the founding of the United States, words such as freedom, liberty and America were often seen in company with each other. It was widely known that the citizens had freedoms of speech, press, religion, private properly, gun ownership and family authority that many in the world have never enjoyed. There once was a day when irresponsible but legal deeds were generally answered with an attitude best summed up with the words, “It’s a free country.”
Today when these words are spoken there is a tendency to qualify them. This disease of political correctness has brought with it political leaders who force personal opinions on citizens* private lives. People such as Mr. Dow, styling themselves “progressive,” scorn our Southern heritage. They believe Southerners will never compete or earn respect in the modern world until we completely disown and renounce our proud inheritance of history.
Dow has been working for years to surreptitiously undermine the primary culture and heritage of the people who elected him. The Evidence:
■	On a taxpayer funded trip to take part in recovery efforts of CSS Alabama artifacts off Cherbourg, France, at a reception for public officials both French and American, Mike Dow was heard to say, “The battle flag has got to go, and everybody knows it” He was challenged by Mobilians present who witnessed the episode, in a rare peek at the true feelings of Mr. Dow. This man was acting as one of our representatives only a few miles from the watery graves of our ancestors having died under a flag containing components of the battle flag. He was telling Europeans he disowns the heritage of both those who died and others living he now represents.
■	A few years ago, Mike Dow removed the battle flag from city poles, leaving the other five flags represented on our city shield. This was putting into action his words, “The battle flag has got to go, and everybody knows it” Soon after, Dow made a statement to several witnesses that he would never again “endorse or work toward” any future changes in Southern symbols in Mobile, a pledge he was soon to break repeatedly.
■	Mobile’s Tricentennial Commission turned out to be a committee chosen largely by Mike Dow with political correctness in mind. The result was to remove the Confederate Naval Jack at that time on our city shield from every Tricentennial item. It was replaced with the First National, a flag never officially adopted by the Confederate Government. The First National was, however, officially replaced with the Second and Third Nationals. The First National is preferred by “PC’ers” because it does not contain components of the battle flag Mike Dow said “had to go.” Can you see the trend developing?
■	Mobile’s City Shield. Last year, one gentleman approached the city council claiming to be offended by the Confederate flag. What resulted has offended the mafority of Mobile's citizenry. Mike Dow created what became known as a “blue ribbon committee” to look into this imagined problem. Dow’s committee consisted of seven people he handpicked. Five of the seven had clearly preconceived opinions to remove the flag. Two 1 simply have not researched. An additional two signatures were added after the committee had written its report simply to make some claim of balance. While ardent anti-flag people were aboard, not a single heritage minded
person whose opinions might have represented the majority was on the committee, this mistake being admitted by both Dow and A1 Stokes on later occasions. He who having said, “The battle flag has got to go,” got exactly the result he was after.
■	Contentions with the mayor’s office. Last December, at the invitation of Mike Dow and Mobile United, discussions were started with a committee representing Southern heritage and culture supporters. To be brief, these talks continued from Dec. 20,2000 until Apr. 2,2001. A proposal was put forward by citizens containing three points which would cost taxpayers no money, two of them to be accomplished under the mayor’s authority. They were: A) Allow the Confederate Naval Jack to be displayed along with the governor’s proclamation of Confederate History Month in April only. B) Have a committee of Mobile citizens act as consultants to the War Between the States and Reconstruction section of our delayed, over budget, and politically correct museum. C) In honor of Mobile’s history and the Tricentennial, pass a heritage resolution protecting historic names from all eras in our town. Mike Dow’s answer, six weeks late coming, was a simple campaign position paper which failed to even address our good faith petitions.
■	Mike Dow has refused to attend the Confederate Memorial March every year, this past year myself having personally invited him. I must remind you here that each year he leads the Martin Luther King March, as is quite appropriate. We should show respect for everyone’s heritage and culture. That’s what tolerance is about.
■	Mike Dow’s office is claiming that the people struggling legally to have their heritage properly remembered are fostering divisions in our community. I ask you who is at fault here, those who are forcing their cultural bigotry on you or those asking for tolerance of their legitimate heritage?
■	Mike Dow agreed to deliver opening remarks at a recent national Sons of Confederate Veterans Convention in Mobile. He did not show up. He did not send a substitute. He didn't even have the Southern courtesy to notify anyone.
■	Mike Dow hasn’t made one statement in all that has occurred since last August’s
STRING OF PEARLS:
The paper mill is
This election year, Mobilians are exposed to another edition of the misinformation, mudslinging and dirty tricks that are local politics.
By Elwin Rozyskie
Things will be tough this time because Mayor Mike Dow and his coalition of Old Mobile money, real estate brokers and lawyers are being seriously threatened by Council woman Bess Rich and a grassroots crowd of disgruntled taxpayers. Worse, the mayor’s promises of eternal milk and honey from his grandiose scheme of downtown renewal and String of Pearls are, like a broken sewer, beginning to surface despite coverup efforts by his supporters on the Mobile Register staff.
The first pothole in the mayor's road to El Dorado developed early this year when the minibrewery, vaunted cornerstone of the downtown Dauphin Street bar scene, permanently shut down. Next, the scheme to provide free bus transportation to the downtown bars and grills for local college students met strong moral opposition from irate citizens. Visit the downtown area on any night and view disaster in progress (safety should not be a concern; there are usually more policemen than paying customers in the area). In his 2000-01 budget slide show, Mayor Dow boasted that downtown was a gold mine because S225 million had been extracted from naive businessmen by real estate and legal interests at a cost of only 75 million tax
shield change. He will not speak as a mayor of all the people, nor admit that all have a right to their heritage and culture, a place at the table of government in Mobile. He has said instead, referring to continuing protests and petition drives: “I wish those people would stop.” I guess it embarrasses him, perhaps slows his agenda for us.
■ The Mobile Airport Authority. Just this past week I was informed that the Mobile Airport Authority will not follow city flag policy as previously promised. Its members are Mike Dow appointees. While he isn’t their boss, a letter of recommendation from Mr. Dow would go
Will that
The City of Mobilef mutilating its seal to please an implacable foe, heard these words at a council meeting on May 1,2001.
By Dan Daniels
If the Confederate flag should come down because it represents slavery to some people, then the United States flag should come down; because, during the War Between the States, it represented official, uncivilized warfare: example, Sherman’s scorched earth march to the sea, a campaign of terror waged against civilians. Homes, stores and plants were looted and then burned to the ground. The entire city of Atlanta was put to the torch!
By contrast, Lee’s Pennsylvania campaign was devoid of such atrocity, and so was Southern conduct in general.
The Confederate battle flag represents not slavery but brave Southern soldiers defending their states and homes from invading armies: the worthiness of Southern soldiers and generals in winning battle after battle until overwhelmed in the end by the North’s much-larger manpower and manufacturing industry. It represents the pride of Southerners in the skill and courage of our ancestral soldiers and the military genius and Christian character of our generals.
It represents our United States Founders’ belief, as expressed in the Declaration of Independence: that a people have the right to declare complete
dollars. In the mayor’s gold mine, his pals get the gold while taxpayers get the shaft. Perhaps this explains why Dow was able to raise $200,000 for his campaign fund with only a single event
The Mobile Mysticks ’ owner recently announced that his hockey team would leave Mobile in 2001 unless 1,500 season tickets were sold. Despite concerted sales efforts, the target was not met. But, before anyone could say “bye-bye,” the Register happily reported this team would play for an extra year [until after the 2001 elections - Ed.]. As usual, the paper never addressed the cost of that sudden change of heart. In any event, Mobilians will be left with the bill for those millions the mayor spent morphing their civic center pearl into an empty ice rink.
Mayor Dow’s 2000-01 city budget pratfalls were enough to make the Keystone Kops envious! Blithely ignoring falling revenues, his budget proposed more ego-building “pearls.” He and his puppet council, assisted by doting Register writers, had barely finished steam rolling budget approval over Rich’s objections before its sloppy workmanship became evident. With less city revenue in hand, the mayor was forced to address a police pension COLA increase, $1 million for Wal-Mart site perks, more than $1 million in museum cost overruns and extra manning, to name just a few. All civility ceased when city employees asked the council for their first raise in four years. The mayor and council responded with
a long way towards solving this problem. But don’t hold your breath, folks. I believe they will take this issue up at the end of the year, possibly placing the First National on a now empty flagpole claiming it dovetails with the politically correct Tricentennial symbol. Don’t ever forget: Mike Dow said, “The battle flag has got to go.” I guess we should all apologize for being Southern. May Mobile, Alabama never again elect a politician who is intolerant of any race, religion, or culture.
You know what I say?
Keep your heritage!
Mike Dow has got to go!
flag fly?
independence when any government that includes colonies or states in affairs of mutual dependency becomes tyrannical and/or violates such powers and rights, the sovereignty reserved by those colonies or states and the people thereof.
The states were not provinces of an all-powerful central government under the written constitutional compact between sovereign and individual states. The arrangement was changed from confederacy to a federation with the federal government only being given certain enumerated powers by the states, all others reserved to the states and the people thereof.
The federal government does have more power than the confederacy that preceded it, but the federal cannot overrule the powers reserved to the stales and/or the people. Most citizens today seem ignorant of that fact
There was no prohibition in the constitution of secession by states, though there was recognition that rebellion having nothing to do with state sovereignty, such as the Whisky Rebellion, could be put down.
The other Confederate flags were much more political and could be claimed to represent slavery more so than the battle flag.
Though the U.S. flag represents myself the Confederate flag also represents me because I’m Southern and the Confederate battle flag represents my personal ancestral soldiers who fought, suffered, were wounded and died, even though most owned no slaves and had no desire to. □
vitriol, first attacking their employees for not improving their education, then their greed; and, later, issuing veiled threats of layoffs. Sanity prevailed when workers were grudgingly offered a 2.5 percent raise that barely covered their health insurance premium increases. This human relations travesty was covered by the Register staff with obvious bias, barely acknowledging it when the Mayor later withdrew his raise offer.
The environment downtown really degenerated in recent days as the mayor, fearing voter backlash in the August elections, backtracked and refinanced city debt at a cost of millions in interest payments to taxpayers, and deferred some of his “pearls” to fund one-time employee bonuses; even offering a $5 million sop to the Mobile School System. In his rush to claim credit for his plan, the mayor ran to the Register editorial board with it and obtained their approval before even disclosing it to all city council members. Mobilians have thus been treated to the bizarre situation of the local newspaper running congratulatory editorials and an attack cartoon purporting to show Bess Rich’s reaction to the mayor’s plan before she had been given access to review it. So much for honesty, integrity and fair play in downtown Mobile.
The mayor and Register staff owe the paper mills an apology for accusations of responsibility behind the foul smell that permeates their area.
gone, but downtown still smells
--Baldwin County 	June 2001 The First Freedom 5
Concerned Citizens for Freedom organizer arraigned for disobedience
Office of the Attorney General	May	15, 2001
State of Alabama
11 South Union Street
Montgomery, Alabama 36130
Attn: Mr. John E. Brennan. II
Chief Investigator
RE: AGO Matter #27630
Dear Mr. Brennan:
I am forwarding herewith the February. 2001 issue of The First Freedom, hoping you will consider its page 2 article by former Baldwin County Commissioner Hilo Middleton's attorney, James G. Curenton, Jr. of Fairhope. Please note particularly the topmost right paragraph describing how the Baldwin County District Attorney's of fice prevented Mr. Middleton's main defense witness from testifying.
This lucrative garbage racket, using slave labor incarcerated at the Loxley Work j Camp, reeks ever more of a police state. I myself have been prosecuted on • trumped-up warrants after District Attorney David Whetstone dropped his original , charge, knowing it was unconstitutional to make me produce a weekly quota of gar- j bage on a farmstead but still denying me access to my own county landfill. And now ; you have Chairman Steve Johnson who, in 1994 when this never-ending fiasco first started, founded Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County, being tried on similar charges as was Mr. Middleton. That case comes before Judge Jody Bishop in Foley District Court at 8:30 am Monday, May 21,2001.
I am aware that numerous other Baldwin Countians are severely disappointed in their | local courts' handling of these rural area mandatory garbage cases, and are contacting you in hopes of finding justice. Please don't disappoint us. This investigation is about seven years overdue.
Respectfully yours,
Olaf Childress Editor
Over in Baldwin County, taxes may be lower and there *s no paper mill\ but something still smells and it's our garbage mandate. The DjL covers for this lucrative racket
By Olaf Childress
Stalling since the rural area garbage mandate took effect in 1994 when Steve Johnson of Magnolia Springs defied what he held was unconstitutional by organizing Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County, District Attorney David Whetstone recently at last called for this upright citizen to come in front of a judge.
Johnson was to appear May 21, 2001 before newly elected District Judge Jody Bishop in Foley for noncompliance with repeated warnings to produce garbage and pay the county for its weekly pickup. He had been allowing Curtis Bosby, a hauler granted the usual exception for blacks, to handle that job, all other private businesses having been shut down. Bosby, earlier on in this fiasco granted leave to continue his pickup route only in an established rural area south of Fairhope, was “cheating” - so now his customer was to pay the price.
Definitions are here in order. Cheating means demanding and standing up for your rights. A very large number of rural area Baldwin Countians, although incensed by that 1994 order to produce weekly garbage for pickup according to diktat, didn't cheat. They complained loudly, and then paid; first to an international firm which had been given the initial monopoly contract. Waste Management; and, when WM bowed out claiming the county hadn't browbeaten enough customers into compliance, they paid the county directly. Which helps explain a rapidly increasing local prison population even as the crime rate drops significantly.
Here are other definitions, for all those so eager to comply [wait! strike: so eager■-- and add, in compliance] with a totalitarian regime. Slavery - is the object of those Southern whites demanding their battle flag be put back on the capitol dome. Order - is the purpose of useful sanitation workers remaining in prison for over a year on a simple DU1 charge.
Steve Johnson had testified on behalf of John Fender and myself when we stood before the bench for noncompliance with the same garbage mandate in this identical court. Some of Steve's friends were on hand now to explain to the new judge what our complaints were all about, and how the defendant was arbitrarily being singled out for prosecution. But,! guess what? And this isn't the first time it has happened. At the appointed time and place, we appear only to learn the case has been “continued over.” That's how they hope to wear us down. Here follows the testimony I had wanted to read as amicus curiae. It's from The First Freedom's July 1999 issue:
BACKGROUND: The voters are left wondering. Not whether a seven-member Baldwin County Commission has the authority to ram its rural garbage collection mandate down their throats, but - does it have legal jurisdiction at all? Doing that story next month [August 1999], we'll expose heretofore unpublished facts behind Judge Myron Thompson's stalling ever since a Supreme Court ruling that says gerrymandering must step aside for a return to constitutional county government; i.c., one which has four at-large elected commissioners.
Meanwhile, at a meeting convened in Bay Minette Tuesday. May 17 [1999], the ruling junta decided it was time to cut deeper. Although hundreds of rural
Baldwin families had initially balked at its countywide weekly garbage subscription mandate, that protest wasn't news. The media's love affair with big government having betrayed its quondam faith in the people, by now such unorganized resistance had crumbled, and it would be relatively easy picking off the few remaining outspoken dissenters.
Citizen Steve Johnson of Magnolia Springs had certainly been a problem. First by calling disgruntled rural residents to put up a solid front with his Concerned Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County. Later by taunting this regime to arrest him if it really had the authority to make farm households produce regular garbage quotas, or at least pay the syndicate for having been offered that service.
Making his position clear at public gatherings, Johnson said repeatedly: “I will not comply. They have no right to close the public landfill and refuse entrance to those who don’t need or want weekly pickup.
“This issue isn't about garbage; it's about freedom, self-government. That's what Baldwin Countians are upset about: being denied the right to continue using a pickup service of their choice. And a government monopoly that may not work as planned, anyway, putting private enterprises that do work out of business.**
It turned out that Johnson was right. Waste Management, given what was supposed to have been a profitable monopoly franchise “servicing” every unincorporated household in Baldwin County, and guaranteed all would comply, found many of those projected customers unwilling to pay up. Or even set out their garbage cans.
Undeterred when Waste Management canceled its contract, back to the drawing board went these seven commissioners -
resolved not to admit failure. They would buy their own fleet of trucks, safe in the knowledge that a less-efficient government operation could always count on being bailed out from difficulties with public revenues. And, another resource which Waste Management had lacked: This regime held slave labor at its disposal -could put these prisoners on every truck.
“Garbage has never been the point,” said Johnson. “When a majority in any
In 1988. Alabama Middle District Court Judge Myron Thompson of Montgomery reordered the Baldwin and Dallas County Commissions to suit his racial preferences. The ruling was immediately challenged in both counties, for it quite obviously ignored a new U.S. Supreme Court decision striking down such gerrymandering for racial goals.
Now the Dallas County order, after all these years being kicked back and forth by Judge Thompson's stalling and resisting of each higher court's instruction, has finally been overturned in Southern District Court Mobile, and Baldwin's case is lo be heard
area, whether city or some other type of community, decides it's ready for an important move like garbage pickup, they'll tell their public servants. But that's not been the case here.**
Indeed it was not. And Johnson’s call for relief included a large constituency, not himself alone.
Of those seven commissioners first mandating this program on rural Baldwin residents, just three remained after the next election; and that by the narrowest margin. Nevertheless, thanks to Judge Thompson's stalling in Montgomery and local propaganda, this behemoth somehow managed to survive another orchestrated campaign. Newly-inaugurated Hilo Middleton of Loxley now stood as the single candidate remembering his promise to call for a referendum and settle this divisive issue. He was one voice against six.
We now come to the recent May 17 [1999] meeting's agenda.
In order to deflect initial criticism for having put individual haulers out of business, the junta had allowed a single private company, Curtis Bosby & Son of Point Clear, to remain in operation. But when Bosby began picking up Steve Johnson's trash, that was a no-no encroaching this regime's territory. Never mind that he was only acquiring, and not actually stealing, a paying customer. The motion was made for chastising this competing hauler wandering back into government's latest province. Another idea: cancel his
again June 23rd by the same Montgomery court that started the whole rigamarole.
We've reported in past issues how this seven-member Baldwin commission, as dreamed up by Thompson, has helped him in stalling; those now in office naturally not caring for a game of musical chairs, if returning to a constitutional four at-large members ousts three of them automatically.
“Any referendum coming out of this will be a simple up or down option.” said Rep. Steve McMillan of Bay Minette. “Voters will have the choice of either four or seven seats for county government.”
franchise altogether.
During this discussion, the question came up as to why their own government monopoly had nearly doubled its mandated fees, neither keeping prices aligned with Bosby's nor Waste Management's. Commission Chairman Frank Burt of Bay Minette. a holdover from the original seven, easily dismissed that necessity with: “We gave Waste Management the franchise for this whole county. While they had the contract, their services weren't comparable with ours. We offer services Waste Management did not offer.”
“We must instruct Bosby not to pick up garbage outside his area,” said Commissioner Dean Hansen of Gulf Shores, another of the three holdovers. “The City of Foley has a similar policy.” Middleton shot back: “Government should not be interfering, competing with private business in the first place! 1 can't understand why this individual has been bothered.**
The vote was six to one.
To download the above testimony, go to www.gulftel.com/homefree/ and Page Down to THE GARBAGE MANDATE, Pan 1. And if you want to read the rest of this story, including my own trials and trips to jail for noncompliance, see Parts 2-6, plus “Hilo's call for justice didn't sit well with the courthouse crowd” (former Baldwin County Commissioner Hilliard Middleton's farce of a jury hearing).
Joe’s Upholstery
1011 N US Hwy 31 - Ba> Minette In business 24 yrs. can reupholster furniture or cars also church pews 1 Call 937-2263 or 937-3397	11
McMillan. Daphne Rep. Walter Penn and Sen. Albert Lipscomb of Magnolia Springs, the local legislative delegates, say they have had no part in all this chicanery Ironically, the only black ever elected to the Baldwin County Commission lost his recent bid for return to office even after all that map work. District One, looking like Massachusetts Governor Gerry's original “salamander,” compared with the other six, was meant to empower just about every black in the county; the plan's weak spot being how to get those favored voters back to the polls after their first victory.
Concerned Citizens for Freedom founder Steve Johnson
Baldwin’s four-member commission is overstaffed
u I he First Freedom June 2001
— Alabama —
“Heritage wasn’t lost in one battle, won’t be regained in one victory”
Public-funded facilities may have three years at most to fly it, but: no dallying, patriots! we want it buckled on that pole. Alabama's State Flag Initiative is the law.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
Lft|ue of the South
On Tuesday Morning. May 15th. I received a phone call from Associated Press writer Phil Rawls informing me that die Alabama State Flag Bill. H.B. 21. which requires all state funded facilities in Alabama to fly our state flag, had been signed by the governor that morning. A few days earlier it had passed unanimously by the state senate. As the assistant director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative, he wanted my comments on the issue. I told him we had won a victory but the war was by no means over. Our heritage wasn’t lost in one battle, it won’t be regained in one or two victories.
Mississippi recently voted to keep their state flag. Word had been that after the Mississippi banner came down, Alabama’s flag would be next! Our bill was designed to prevent this. Fortunately, the St Andrews
Cross did not come off Mississippi’s capitol as it had in South Carolina and Georgia. Heritage forces having mobilised and demanded a public vote, they won.
Our state’s Red St. Andrew’s Cross once had thirteen blue stars on it alto, when it was carried by Rucker’s Brigade: like the Confederate battle flag, except the stars and cross and field were of different colour. It was Alabama’s version of the battle flag. When later made to represent only one state, the stars were removed.
This St Andrews Cross was carried by the Scottish when fighting the English who wanted oppressive centralised government Their descendants coming to the American South used the St Andrew’s Cross, too, when fighting that Northern invasion which also favoured oppressive centralised government. Those for globalisation and the United Nations’ New World Order dislike all state flags. But they especially hate the St. Andrew’s Cross because of the fact that, historically, it has always represented those who have fought against tyranny. Such ones prefer that if state flags are kept at all, they are changed to some sort of symbol with no real meaning, no rallying call for patriots, nor ability to
promote regional pride. Without these things, the objective of that New World Order — to assimilate all places and people into one, with themselves in complete control - becomes much easier. That is why we members of the Alabama State Flag Initiative knew the issue was really about a lot more than just a flag.
Often, however, going into great detail with those who may not understand such things can be counterproductive. Most of us just told people we loved our flag and wanted to see it keep flying. It will keep flying; and there will be more of them flying! With the mission of this group accomplished, the A.S.F.l. ceases to exist and its members and resources can now be freed to assist other groups and other causes. A few members, after months and years of hard work, need a spell of rest. Some were in Montgomery nearly every day fighting for our flag and were seldom in the news. Others in the news more often may now be forgotten. But when any of us pass a facility and see our flag up there, knowing we had some part in it, that our standard is still “flying for home” in opposition to tyranny, that’s what will matter most! Until next time, take care.
Walter Bryant, tireless director of the Alabama State Flag Initiative, Johnny Curry, its House sponsor, and all whose diligent efforts resulted in requiring our I beautiful flag to be seen wherever this I state serves its people, please accept our 1 appreciation for a job well done.
Dixie Forever!
(Rest assured, “Cape,” the time and expense you’ve invested here will bring greater reward than if those resources had been spent chasing play-money. Nor will you be forgotten. Thanks! - Ed.)
If Mr. Franklin could sit in on one of Alabama’s legislative sessions...
Montgomery’s monkeyshines may momentarily mock, but, before this class of ’01 comes up for reelection. The First Freedom will publish its annual report card on how each one voted 12 key issues.
By Gary Palmer
Fmltku, Aitbaws Mky Institute
Over 200 years ago, during the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia, Benjamin Franklin was asked what kind of government he and the other members of the convention were giving the country. “A republic, if you can keep h,” answered Franklin.
That response could just as well have come from any of the delegates to the Constitutional Convention. James Madison, George Washington, John Jay and the other Framers understood that giving the American people a constitutional republic would require that a high degree of civic responsibility be sustained among them if the new nation was to survive. And they were very clear in their assertions that such a republic and constitution could only be preserved if morality was maintained among the people themselves, especially those elected to office.
If Mr. Franklin and the other Founding Fathers were alive today and could sit
through one of Alabama’s legislative sessions, they might have some serious reservations about the longevity of this republic based on the character of many of these leaders we have chosen for ourselves.
Case in point: For the umpteenth year in a row, gambling legislation has tied up the legislative session costing precious time, diverting attention from more important issues and wasting hundreds of thousands of taxpayers* dollars. And for the umpteenth year in a row the same legislators have carried water for gambling interests.
Given that the lottery was soundly defeated in a 1999 statewide referendum, you would think our elected representatives would respect the fact that Alabamians do not want an expansion of gambling in our state. The problem is not that the progambling legislators don’t understand the desires of the people they represent; they do understand. They simply just don’t care, because they do not think the average voter in their districts will figure out they’re controlled by gambling interests.
Based on the fact that legislators who support gambling are reelected time after time, they have good reason to feel a certain smugness and arrogance about going back to Montgomery. Perhaps that explains why, during the video gambling debate, one senator was quoted by the Associated Press as claiming that “the good
Lord Almighty is on our side” in support of the video gambling bill. Yet two days later the same senator profanely used God’s name in vain when he found out that a bill to allow silent prayer in school had gotten in front of the gambling bill he supported.
Another senator stood on the floor of the state Senate and gave a speech in which he misrepresented that the video gambling bill would eliminate video gambling in Alabama. According to others on the floor at the time, after he finished speaking he sat down at his Senate floor desk and jokingly said, “I was so good that I almost believed it myself.**
The fact that state legislators say and do such things should outrage people. But the truth is, too many voters assume that all politicians say and do such things. The real outrage is, voters accept it and such politicians continue to get elected.
Fortunately, we live in a state which has a very strong moral and religious base that has kept us from going over the cliff on this gambling issue. But one fundamental need in our state, if we are to improve ourselves, is for citizens to develop a sense of civic along with moral obligation. Over the years, we have experienced a decaying sense of duty in regard to our personal roles in government
All of us need to understand we have
certain civil and moral responsibilities that must be upheld if we “keep our republic.” These obligations include getting into the political process despite the fact that it is “dirty.” It’s dirty because dominated by dishonorable people. The only way to change that is for honorable citizens to get involved.
Our Founding Fathers realized they could not devise a system of government so perfect that it would work regardless of the character of its people. They knew then what we must recognize now: the oniy way to keep the republic they left us is to-place it in the hands of leaders with integrity.
Most of us know this is true. And though the legislators in Montgomery may sometimes forget whom they work for, we must not. They work for us; and, therefore, they are accountable to us. We, the people, must help restore honor to our state government And this honor must begin with ourselves if it is to flow into the lives of others and into public life. We have been given a republic - a charge to keep - and it is our duty and privilege to preserve it SuppressedNews.com note: The Alabama Policy Institute is a non-partisan, nonprofit research and education organization dedicated to the preservation of free markets, limited government and strong families, which are indispensable to a prosperous society.
It’s our duty and privilege to preserve this heritage even with a rebel yell.
Selma Rose Sanders may have connections in Montgomery, her husband being a stale senator; but, does that get her off the hook for trying to destroy the CSA General Forrest monument In celebration of Black History Month?
By Patricia S. Godwin
It is finally filed! I cannot describe to you the feeling I had when Charles Yow sent me the emails late Thursday morning at my office to tell me he had just returned from filing the lawsuitl I had told him that they had my roller coaster car up at the top of the hill and had kept rocking me back and forth, strategizing and planning (as lawyers do); and my roller coaster car was in forward tilt and ready to fly I Wow! Y'all, Just feel the thrill when that lawsuit filing let my roller coaster fly I Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hnqQQqQ<wira*aan*11 flIff if
1 went over to the cemetery Thursday afternoon where General Forrest is temporarily receiving guests, to water the flowers at Confederate Circle and tell the aeneral the lawsuit is filed for his
vindication! He told me to tell Charles, “He done good,” and to “Keep the sheer on, boys!" <grin> LOL! I want to thank everyone on behalf of myself of course and the Friends of Forrest for all your continued support throughout the past seven months; the encouragement, the moral support, the financial support, your
On Friday, May 17,2001, a civil suit was announced against the City of Selma by Friends of Forrest Inc., for violation of the group’s civil rights. The plaintiffs’ attorney. Ben Austin, explained at a press conference on the courthouse steps that this has to do with unequal protection of the law.
The Fourteenth Amendment: “No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.”
The Gen. Forrest monument which had been placed in accordance with law at the Smitherman Museum site, ravaged first by a band of blacks under the leadership
prayers and your love and friendship. I would like to say this: An SCV member talked to me last weekend at Jasper, after | meeting ouifyour attorney, and said something to me that will remain with me till 11 die. He said, “Pat, no matter what happens in the courtroom, we are still winners. We have Genera! Forrest in Selma now,
of a state senator’s wife celebrating Black History Month last February, was moved later that month by a new black mayor and his racially-motivated city council. It is noteworthy that no arrests were made when Rose Sanders led vandals against the monument, though movies of the act were offered the district attorney.
The Selma Ttmes-Journal was quick to champion Councilwoman Jean Martin, one of its own: “But according to Martin, who received the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award after calling for the monument’s move, ’That is absolutely not true. It seems to me that they were not discriminated against - white or not The reason the statue was moved was the fact that Forrest allegedly started the Ku Klux Klan or the organization that grew into the Klan.’”
where he has not been before; and, just by filing the lawsuit we Southrons are finally fighting back - taking a stand against the tyranny that is trying to destroy us.”
For this man and his heartfelt encouragement, 1 am eternally grateful! As Attorney Yow and Benny Austin stated in their comments to the media during the | press conference, this is not about General Forrest anymore. Our rights are the issue, our civil rights. And the law must apply to all citizens. Depositions will begin soon.
| However, Charles Yow says this suit could take up to as long as a year. So, y'all. it’s gonna be a long rollercoaster ride. Y'all. hang on tight, keep ya powder dry and feel the thrill!!!!!!!!!!!! Please continue to pray ever vigilantly that this lawsuit will ultimately be our Gettysburg our turning point in the war - our rights, and General Forrest, finally vindicated. Actually, I now consider Mississippi our Gettysburg. And now, the battle of Selma II is to be fought again; this time for a resounding victory HI! Keep the sheer on. y 'all! Confederately yours,
Pat Godwin and the Friends of Forrest in Selma. King Jamesdom
— The South —
June 2001 The First Freedom 7
What we must do
Thank God for Mississippi! Her citizens stood solidly behind the 1894 state flag with its Confederate emblem and rejected the proposed new flag by a landslide margin of 2 to L Not the perceived power of the media, the big business community, the educational establishment, the liberal churches, the NAACP, nor all the forces of anti-Southern, liberal bigotry could intimidate these brave and resolute Mississippians. Your Southern neighbors salute you.
By Dr. Michael Hill
President, League of the South
The Mississippi flag victory laurel; Teath should be laid on the brow of one an in particular - Rev. John Thomas ipps, who has already declared his intent seek the office of Governor in Mississippi 2003. This victory lays a firm foundation which Rev. Cripps can make his case for .highest office in the state, and if the pop were held today, I think he would I Such is the exuberant attitude that rteates Mississippi in the wake of this )ry. It is time that all patriotic South-rs get on the “Cripps for Governor” paign wagon. And let's not just provide ral support; rather, let us give tangible incial support while the “iron is hot”
I he has momentum. To contribute, call 01) 528-9219 or 528-9681 or link to his xeMississippi.org website.
I On another front, the popular vote in •upport of the state flag in Mississippi has raised eyebrows and a burning question among Alabamians, South Carolinians, Georgians, and Floridians in particular: “If we had been allowed to vote, as the citizens
to capitalize on the Mississippi flag victory
of Mississippi did, would we not have done the same as they?” And indeed, this is the issue that ought to be shouted from every hilltop and through every hollow in Dixie.
Do Governor Hodges and the turncoats in the South Carolina legislature really believe that the people of the Palmetto State, if given a chance to cast their votes, would have brought the Confederate battle flag down from atop that statehouse in Columbia? The vote would likely have mirrored that of Mississippi on 18 April. But it is not too late for the people of South Carolina to have their say. All it would take is a grassroots effort to mobilize South Carolinians and pressure the legislature in Columbia for a popular vote. The League of the South pledges its support in that effort.
Do “King Roy” Barnes and his court in Atlanta really believe that ugly new flag would have been approved by the good folks of Georgia in a statewide popular vote? The referendum in Georgia would probably have gone down much as it did in Mississippi on 18 April. But all is not lost. By applying the proper pressure on their legislators the people of Georgia could at last have their say on this matter. And again. The League of the South promises to be there to help.
Do Governor Jeb Bush and his Republican henchmen in Tallahassee really think that the good people of Florida would approve by popular vote his removing the Confederate flag in the dark of night to placate Jesse Jackson and the NAACP? The vote in Florida would perhaps be similar to that in Mississippi on 18 April. But, cheer up, Floridians; if you emulate the good folks in the Magnolia State and force this issue to a popular referendum, you can win. The League of the South will be there to help you.
Do Governor Don Siegelman and the Alabama legislature really believe people in the Heart of Dixie would have voted to remove that Confederate battle flag from atop the state capitol in 1993? The good folks of Alabama would have done precisely what Mississippi did on 18 April, if given the chance. But the situation is not beyond repair. All that is necessary is for the citizens of Alabama to force their legislators on Goat Hill to permit them to vote on a constitutional amendment to return the battle flag to its proper place. The League of the South will do its duty here as well.
Simply put, until Tuesday, 18 April and the Mississippi flag victory, the opponents of the South thought they could destroy our heritage with impunity by cutting political deals behind our backs. Now, however, all that has changed. The people of the sovereign states of the South understand that the enemy is only a paper tiger. For all his bluff and bluster, he cannot defeat the will of the people fairly expressed at the voting booth. This is why we must force all such issues into the election arena. No more diktats from King Roy of Atlanta; no more buying the votes of corrupt legislators with the people's money; no more kowtowing to the epithets of a biased, liberal media.
My point here is not to praise participatory democracy over a republican form of government. But the sad fact is that our elected representatives currently sitting in legislative assemblies across the South have failed to speak for the people they represent. Once arriving in Jackson, Columbia, Montgomery, and other State capitols across the South, they have succumbed to the allurement of cutting deals (often very lucrative) and cowering before the chain-owned media (Gannett, Knight-Ridder, New York Times, etc.) for fear of being branded “reactionary” (e.g..
racist, sexist, xenophobe, homophobe, etc.). Simply put, until this sorry lot can be cleaned out, we must rely on the superior wisdom and morality of common citizens on important issues of all sorts.
The issue of the Confederate battle flag in its many manifestations is about more than Southern heritage. That flag represents today what remains of traditional Western Christian culture. It says “NO” to gun control, abortion, third world immigration, moral deviancy, feminism, paganism, radical environmentalism, exorbitant taxation, globalism, crass consumerism, and big government. For these reasons, the enemies of our flag have made its destruction a high priority. And once they have removed the flag, they will not stop there. Ultimately, they will come after us because our way of life is what the flag symbolizes.
Providence, working through the will of the people in Mississippi, has given us a wonderful opportunity that we dare not squander. Let us fan the spark that began in Mississippi into a firestorm of popular sentiment all across Dixie. After all, we in the League of the South represent the “silenced majority” of Southerners who heretofore have had no means of expressing their views publicly. That majority has been told by the liberal establishment to pay its taxes, keep its “racist” opinions to itself, and consent to governance by its betters. Now emboldened by the courage of common, hard-working Mississippians, other Southerners are realizing the power that lies within their own hands. And woe be unto anyone - politician or otherwise -who dares cross this awakening giant Let our flag fly above every Southern state capitol in defense of Christian civilization and in defiance of those who would destroy it. Deo Vindicel
Southern historian asks all of us to look at facts, leave out distortions
exist. During the four years of the War and afterwards the states of Kentucky, Missouri,
Frederick Douglass on the topic of Black Confederate soldiers which appeared in his
Regarding the comments of Randy Williams... concerning the reenactment of the Battle of Selma, it is less than amusing when someone speaks from such a viewpoint of ignorance regarding the actual history he is addressing.
By Michael J. Kelly
■aJof@37thtezas.org Mr. Williams' speech was apparently intended only to express his personal prejudices and inflame the uninformed and uneducated. His comments such as “...the crimes against humanity that some of these same (Confederate) generals participated in” and “...generals who maimed, killed (and) burned alive many of the black soldiers that participated in the Civil War” are without basis in fact in the documented history of the conflict. However, it seems that Mr. Williams arrived unconcerned with such a trivial consideration as “fact.” While there is extensive evidence of the crimes committed by Union forces against the United States Colored Troops (USCT) and Black Southern civilians, free and slave alike, there is no genuine documented historical evidence that Confederate forces participated in any “crimes against humanity.”
If the accusation of “crimes against humanity” or “...maimed, killed (and) burned alive many of the black soldiers” has to do with the 1864 “investigation” of the supposed “Ft. Pillow Massacre,” that was put to rest by the 1871 Congressional Investigation chaired by former Union general William Tecumseh Sherman. Sherman, after announcing that “I have come to investigate Forrest, try Forrest, find Forrest guilty, and hang Forrest,” signed off on a report which concluded that there was no evidence of a “massacre” or the deliberate murder of surrendered Union troops of any color.
Once again, it is a matter of documented historical fact taking precedence over hysteria. A scholarly, fact-based and
properly referenced summary of the issue of Ft. Pillow can be found at this URL: www37thtexas.org/html/grandfab.html Forrest walked away from the Congressional Investigation a free man and a spokesperson for racial reconciliation and equal opportunity who made his views known in his typical outspoken manner in Memphis, Tennessee, on July 4,1875, when speaking to the Jubilee of Pole Bearers, a Black social and political organization (excerpt):
“I came here as a friend and whenever I can serve any of you I will do so ... let us stand together. Although we differ in color, we should not differ in sentiment.”
You can find the complete text of his speech as published on July 6,1875, at the following web page:
www37thtexas.org/html/HistRef7.html Union soldiers robbed, raped and murdered Free Black and slave Southerners they had come to “emancipate.” Union “recruiters” hunted, kidnaped and tortured Black Southerners to compel them to serve in the Union Army. At the Battle of the Crater white Union soldiers bayoneted retreating Black Union soldiers and the 54th Massachusetts was fired upon by Maine troops while assaulting Battery Wagner. The Federal Official Records and memoirs of the USCT document all of these war crimes.
If Mr. Williams wishes to allude to the behavior of some Civil War soldiers as being akin to the behavior of the Nazi Waffen SS, he should recognize that comparison to the behavior of Union soldiers in the South is the closest parallel. After all. Union Gen. Turchin was tried and convicted during the war of war crimes committed by his troops under his command and by his orders in Athens, Alabama... but although he was convicted as a war criminal Lincoln pardoned him and promoted him.
The United States flag flew over a slave nation from 1776 until December, 1865, some eight months after the Confederacy and slavery in the South had ceased to
Kansas, West Virginia, and Delaware were Union slaveholding states and slavery was legal under Federal law. In 1863, after the “Emancipation Proclamation,” Free Men of Color were arrested, fined, and sold into slavery in Illinois for the “high misdemeanor” of staying in the state longer than ten days. Union General U.S. Grant expelled all Jews from his Army in December, 1862, and expelled Jewish citizens “as a class” from their homes “within 24 hours.” He freed his slaves only when compelled to do so by the 13th Amendment
Since the Civil War, the American flag has flown over a country that has continued attempted genocide against its Native Peoples with the able and honored help of Black “Buffalo Soldiers,” condoned the slavery of Orientals in California well into the 1880s, fought wars to maintain dominance over countries whose people were not white, and imprisoned its own citizens because of the color of their skin as they did with the Japanese-Americans from 1941-1945. Where is the cry to remove this powerful symbol of slavery, genocide, racism and oppression?
Black Southerners fought alongside white, Hispanic, Native American, Jewish, and thousands of foreign-bom Southerners. They fought in mixed units and they fought in all-Black units as documented in Tennessee by Union sources. Federal Official Records, Series I, Vol XVI Part I, pg. 805 records: “There were also quite a number of negroes attached to the Texas and Georgia troops, who were armed and equipped, and took part in the several engagements with my forces during the day.” The 85th Indiana Volunteer Infantry reported to the Indianapolis Daily Evening Gazette that on 5 March 1863: “During the fight the [artillery] battery in charge of the 85th Indiana [Volunteer Infantry] was attacked by [*in italics*] two rebel negro regiments.” [*end italics*]
We invite you to consider the words of
“Douglass’ Monthly,” IV (Sept 1861), p. 516:
“...there are at the present moment many colored men in the Confederate Army ... as real soldiers, having muskets on their shoulders, and bullets in their pockets, ready to shoot down loyal troops, and do all that soldiers may do to destroy the Federal government ... There were such soldiers at Manassas and they are probably there still.”
The words of Irish-born Confederate Major General Patrick Cleburne from his January, 1864, letter which proposed the emancipation and enlistment of Black Southerners into the Confederate Army possess great irony:
“Every man should endeavor to understand the meaning of subjugation before it is too late ... It means the history of this heroic struggle will be written by the enemy; that our youth will be trained by Northern schoolteachers; will learn from Northern school books their version of the war; will be impressed by the influences of history and education to regard our gallant dead as traitors, and our maimed veterans as fit objects for derision...”
All in all it should be evident to you by now that Mr. Williams, while he may be a sincere gentleman, is certainly not speaking from a vast storehouse of factual knowledge of the Civil War or its participants. We would ask that you admonish him to spend his time becoming more educated and informed on the topic and we will be happy to respond to his questions or concerns as a group of reenactors and historians. Mr. Williams and anyone else who is interested in learning many of the facts skillfully removed from the history books is welcome to visit with the 37thTexas at our web site, the most honored Civil War web site on the Internet. We simply ask that all act upon the facts. Your Obedient Servant,
Major Michael Kelley, CSA Commanding. 37th Texas Cavalry (TenelPs)
LONE TARGET Boycotting a single retailer about newspaper advertising and so forth sounds like a good plan. It has got to be tried, at least. I believe that if we just do not go away and that if we keep the pressure .up, then someday, somehow we’ll find the right formula for success in undercutting the financial support that our enemies get from the big businesses. Once we are able to deprive them of their operating funds, we’ll be in a much better position to fight them. 1 sustained a permanent injury to my spine in an accident in 1998, so I am not able to do as much as I'd like. At times I am able to go to marches and rallies, but sometimes I don’t have the use of my left arm and hand. And even if I do plan to go to an “event” around here, I often find that, at the very last minute. I am physically unable to do so. Mostly, all 1 can do is think and write and talk; but. I certainly can stay out of Dillard’s or whatever other target might be chosen. We need a victory, and I believe that it will come by concentrating our firepower against a single target and picking off the big businesses one at a time. Thanks for including me in your note to Mrs. Hobbs and for your ideas and efforts on behalf of the South. “The Lord of Hosts is with us..."(Ps. 46)
RICHARD NOEGEL Sparta, Occupied Georgia
Thanks, MRS - sine qua non.
Terminal Phase
If innocent children see the emperor’s nakedness at a glance where multitudes are deceived, what does that suggest about an omnivorous mediacracy, consuming facts and opinions into its gullet only to disgorge such propaganda as called for by those profiting from the selling of nonexistent finery while robbing our wealth?
How did they get control over a whole people, anyway: enough to turn the same youngsters into dummies like ourselves? By what means has science been revised and truth hushed?
The answer defies every idea of static reality, the only kind many can cope with. Try this approach: Nothing’s for sure,for damned sure. A contradiction? Not so. It’s just a quandary, another puzzle that we primitives can mull over, but then be obliged to accept without resolution.
To avoid overtaxing our discernments plodding a journey we hope brings us where we’re going in good time, let us pray the eternal mind guiding those stars may continue to do so. That’s not asking much faith, is it? And yet more than some can muster. Admitting the higher law exists, perceiving a stable universe, one accepts at the same time its explosion and evolution. However, because we don’t observe these over massive and infinitesimal motions in our daily lives and couldn’t change them if we did, such wisdom isn’t urgent
We appreciate what’s naturally given, and, experience teaches us, it's usually for the best Many a hardship turns out to be some blessing too complex for immediate understanding; needing, indeed requiring, further maturity. And so one advances - in the proper season - to his next phase.
Seeing everywhere only a high and beautiful constitution for having evolved sufficiently in self-government to gaze with awe and be pleased in nature’s order, one stops trying to overthrow her. The light is appreciated from perceived darkness.
Intelligent individuals recognize this preexistent baseness, the starting point for moving beyond, advancing ever so slowly toward a perfection no one may reach but which pilgrimage is life itself; where even the ignorant debauchee serves without his knowledge or consent as a soundboard which challenges as it were, warning the greater society of believers: those who willfully gird and strengthen themselves, answering threats from within and without.
For such ones will not capitulate to an errant faction gaining control of the media only to parade an emperor without clothes.
uflt**..,
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief • and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
BE SELECTIVE To my Confederate brothers and sisters: I think we should not boycott Mobile all together. We need to find out who in the city is supporting this racist crap and tar and feather them! That would be nice, but really, just boycott people and businesses that support this spitting on our heritage. 1 don’t want to hurt my Southern brothers for what these scumbag elected, but soon to be voted out, morons did. In S.C., the naacp did more damage to black people than anybody. Let’s not hurt our people. God save the South!
John Robert Ramsey ram 111 @lowcountry.com (This was sent to The First Freedom’s www.petitiononline.com/865823bb/peti-tion.html)
GET READABLE Have been meaning to write you about The First Freedom's latest issue. Enjoy it so much. Am tickled you use so much of my material. Don’t know if you’re familiar with this site [www.SuppressedNews.com] - seems oriented to our views and Bamacious to boot. Keep up the fine work. I know if you can make your writing yet clearer, readers will be yet more interested.
NELSON WALLER Anderson, SC (Those who fail to get Mr. Waller’s
posts three times a day don’t know what they’re missing. Let demastus@aol.com put your name on that mailing list. - Ed.)
BRYANT BRILLIANT Congratulations to our compatriot Walter Bryant upon passage of the Alabama State Flag Bill Initiative. Senate Bill 21 says that all public buildings whose entity receives state funds is required by law to fly our beautiful Alabama state flag.
ELLEN WILLIAMS Leroy
VOLUNTEER You don’t know how pleased 1 am to find Mobile has a paper that is not politically correct. (They don’t print my letters.) I am subscribing to The First Freedom and can distribute however many papers you send for the extra amount enclosed.
Yours for America, HELEN BROOKS Mobile
CONFEDERATE CORNER
Located in Stonewall Feeds .
Hwys 158 and 43 - Saraland. AL 334-679-0372 Call or come by for Rebel items of any description: flags, stickers, pins, cups, mementos of every kind.
INFO WARS Enclosed is a U.S. Postal Money Order in the amount of $12.00 for a one year subscription to The First Freedom. Keep up the fine work of keeping our people informed.	Sincerely,
M. W. WH1GHAM, JR.
Daviston
South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens *
The public is invited to an open meeting Thunday July 12th 7:00 PM Bayou Cattle Co.
Satsuma, Alabama Plan to attend. Two officers of the local chapter will be there to answer questions about this organization. We will also have a drawing for a free steak dinner for any visitors, and raffle a huge 3 by 8 ft. Confederate battle flag which retails for $40.00. To finish up the evening our historian will give a very interesting speech.	Tim	Meadows
Chairman
OO■ IP**?* db SAWMILL GRILL
5100 Hwy 43 - Satsuma, Alabama 679-0168
Let us sever those ties for one day each year
By Olaf Childress
If we can’t persuade the propagandists to stop peddling utopian cupidity, nor bend them before the all-prior law, then let those narrowminded merchants of death as life become useful examples: opposite polar repellants at the least. Our constitution can divine lawful good out of that evil.
One at peace with the equation nothing for sure, all things possible! is disinclined to overthrow whatever might be of service, preferring rather to desire, step by orderly step, its greatest worth. For no healthy mind will consider destroying the existing society, religion, or corporation to test some theory for its replacement with an unproven model. That’s witch hunting.
And while guilt cannot fully repent to recovered innocence, something is always worth keeping: if no remnant of potential, then a pilloried reminder to others. But this isn’t saying total disorder should never be forcibly put down, merely that haste makes waste.
When a banquet is the genuine thing, one takes it in digestible bites. Wholesome nourishment and healthy growth are then not merely acceptable, but pass without other celebration beyond the calendar milestone. And what could more perfectly harmonize with universal order?
Problem is, this moderation advised by nature - evolution graduating so slowly as to exact little attention, toward frontiers so unimaginably far beyond what we’ve known that, if thrust upon us prematurely and shattering our peace, would render its prospects quite unacceptable - is a useful paradigm for those who would turn upon, and overthrow the plan; miscreants going the other way, substituting degradation and calling it progress. Their witch hunts lack respect for that natural language flowing from etymological roots along the paths of our aspirations (viz., queer becoming gay. retarded exceptional), and any refinements of discrimination are brutally condemned.
Notice their inevitable failures, though; today and throughout all history, too late sobering up from that intoxicating rush of false power: in time coming to envy the ones who rule themselves, for having been contained by law all along.
No, of course the liberal agenda could not take it down to absolute zero, any more than we might hope for perfection beyond imagining. But, yes, there are some odd notions, and by just such bedfellows who, as experts in the communications fields, can’t even agree among themselves what the working model Utopia looks like. They
only know it calls for demolishing every existing order.
Lacking any further comprehension of nature’s allowances when witnessing such threats to our moral values (at the same time we ourselves are given to defend these foundations of human society), obviously a higher law is admonishing us to study the facts in evidence today and be governed accordingly.
We cannot ignore the enemy among us. Not when he harps about our denials, for the singular purpose of his own nefarious agenda: annihilation. If inexperienced youth are abandoned, or permitted by lack of responsible supervision, to fall under the influence of perverts disguising shame as virtue (this by combining useful truths with convenient omissions), these newcomers may be indoctrinated and won over, at least so far as acquiescing, to a dire condition. Paradox of the millennia, it is ever there to be resisted or embraced. And the power of suggestion, especially by peer pressure on the vulnerable young, is enormous.
Don i knock it till you try it, chant the Sodomites. In these countervailing torrents seeking supremacy, many cling to an equally worn flotsam - going along to get along. That won’t cut it. Either we admit of the options before us, and choose: at least passively, by refusing to take such bait as the mediacracy puts out; or better, directly challenging all those wrongheaded elitist presumptions; else the alternate: we find ourselves by default adrift on a downward tide. It’s that simple.
Let’s have faith in the high office which conferred this dignity to our safekeeping and civilization will survive. Postulating one heck of a determined independence, ratified only by the several states as written into their understandings and constitution, the federal government of our intents now having become destructive of the same, Alabama should sever its ties with the drifting remains of what was legitimate. Forfeiture or impairment of our honor is possible only gradually, and in measure, as we lose sight of that pristine law once so perfectly interpreted.
But let us sever those ties for only one day out of each year, free of any taxation: a date which commemorates Alabama’s confederation with the United States of America, when we publicly denounce all federal improprieties before conditionally rejoining the union.
Bounded areas swearing allegiance to the original constitutional precepts have
shifted numerous times, the American idea being embedded in a worldwide human psyche along the way. It is the permanent desire for real justice. So this symmetry says not only something about geography and nationhood for us, though an incipient republic once insulated in remoteness from the old world's harsh prejudices did give a shining example of what one people with private property rights in a fixed territorial space could do by self-government.
Such were the new trails everyman. granted a chance, would obligingly follow. Among the duties accepted by arrivals to these shores (since we didn't subscribe to euthanasia) was a share of the burden in supporting those who covet the liberties wrought by our predecessors but. failing to pay its dues for responsibility, render themselves a detriment All the greater achievement and glory, of a once young, pathfinding America!
Ours was merely the good fortune to have been handed that paradigm. Remove the trials that followed - without which we might never have increased in such degree of worth and power - and we're another temporal empire having not even the awareness, much less hope, of continuing as a living laboratory under higher law.
Today we decide. Shall it be voluntary capitulation for these myriad constituents: eligible voters who couldn’t be deposed or whipped in fair combat?
What you have is a newspeak machine, enemy of freedom and all we hold dear, not knowing its own rules or any restraint while abducting small children for its left-wing experiment. In order to keep the original covenant and stay within law, we’ve got to reach past an outmoded media and to our “ownline.” For journalism's germ has worked its will. Out from their cocoons, such loosened pests - which is just what they are: snobbish mediacrats-at first a nuisance, now they plague unending. The tree is ravaged as fast as it grows. You, my friend, give strength and substance to whatever’s salvaged in posterity. And only when people deserve life’s promise, by keeping what’s theirs in sufficient numbers bellowing treason! in face of the fact; or, the emperor has no clothes! when it's so; challenging false information wherever, converting betrayal back to renewal of this highest and best achievement in the annals of mankind; checking the scourge against that heritage, driving out pestilence far from the culture our ancestors left us; then we take credit Deovindice!