SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe lots of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.”
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe’s wars.
reeciom
Self-government begins at home
‘ / '	Wr	ThpJ**~*t	3
1 raodrteo3 arnfidslA
what only individuals can chew. It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Vblume 4 Number 12
www.gulftel.com/homefree________
December 2002
While we dozed, citizen, something fell on Alabama and it wasn’t stars
By Olaf Childress It’s for his own good, the little sheep is told, that he’s fleeced regularly. Otherwise, how would Massa bring a uniform herd about? Sometimes a devoted, sharp-toothed flank guard redirects those strays, and with a short bark moves all as one to wherever we’re bound.
Ouch! Boss, those shears are getting bits of skin. But we love you. Where might the lot of us have been by now without such benevolent care? Not having sense enough to buckle up, wear helmet, lights on if raining, offend no one, report neighbor who offends child, yep, back in the barbaric fifties, that's where. So, thanks for the sensitivity training. But, did you know there are still some ba-a-ad ones out there? They don’t appreciate all this progress! It’s true. Just because archaic Alabama law defines
the state motto as)
V HEART OF DIXIE
to be placed on all auto license plates, when Black sheep
“representative” Alvin Holmes (D) of Montgomery bleated that the official slogan was ba-a-d, and had his pals in the tag shop substitute stars fell on, the less tame sheep balked. We docile ones, however, moved right into the chutes for our new license plates, making no fuss about being trimmed closer in more ways than one. Rep. Holmes' tantrum seemed harmless enough. Why, surely it’s only rumor that he wants to outlaw the words Dixie and niggardly, plus all flags except the African National.
Anyway, what can a heated herd accomplish bleating head to head with Heartless Holmes? Nothing. So let’s not try. He’s protected, he’s clever, he knows it
Move through that chute and accept your tag like the obedient little things we’ve all become here on George Orwell’s Animal Farm. But then get yourself a decal like the one shown at left, stick it on right over Mr. New World orderly’s handiwork and go, “Ba-ah!”
Pickets charge! Morris Dees comes to town
After you read here the latest Mo Shoah, see his sordid past, page 10.
By Nelson Waller
nwaller@caiol.iiet
The news was as exciting as it was galling for the cause of freedom: Morris Seligman Dees, the “pope” of the political correctness cult, capo of the ideological mafia known as “Southern Poverty Law Center,” was coming to give the fall convocation speech at Wofford College in Spartanburg and receive an “honorary” doctorate there. We mourned anew that Dees is still on the loose, but rejoiced that we had another excuse fbr applying war paint to signboards and strutting our stuff before the eyes of a poorly informed world.
For anyone not aware of it, Morris Seligman Dees is perhaps the most destructive enemy that American freedom has at this hour. Hailed universally by his fellow liberals in media and academe as a great “civil rights” crusader, he is in fact a “civil rights” con artist. His above-named organization, the Montgomery-based SPLC, is supposed to be Jbout helping the disenfranchised Southern poor; it gives them a pittance of help and enriches itself and its own administration. It is supposed to save the world from discrimination, but is itself (according to a series in the Montgomery Advertiser and other mainstream sources) a hotbed of sex and race harassment SPLC’s and Dees’ full measure of degeneracy are known to many readers of this publication, but further documentation (including a lurid divorce decree) is online at www.ftnrapublic.com and in a packet from the Militia of Montana, P.O. Box I486, Noxon, MT 59853. The urgency of the situation can easily be proven: every time the dominant liberal media spin a story agafcst the White race or its defenders they worshipfully quote the SPLC in some hate-filled, bigoted context.
I called around to see whether anybody from our good old picket squadron from the S.C. flag crisis were available. Luckily
enough, three rose excitedly to the occasion on less than a day’s notice — my fellow Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) veteran, Alice “Dixie” Horky and her two teenagers, Jimmy and Amanda. If I may say so, we did a good job of checking off the elements of a demonstration per major article of mine in the Citizens Informer.
Having verified the date, time and directions via Wofford's own website, we arrived half an hour early and looked for a good location. Media mavens were numerous but security more so. I walked up to the president’s house to give the reporters my CofCC business card and our handout for the day but the police ordered me away. We can’t imagine the security situation didn’t clue in at least a few students that something might be Wrong With This Picture.
We'd been clued that an inside parking lot was where to best be seen but quickly realized this was mostly an intramural event and settled instead on the front gate
on the busy main road into Spartanburg. This was fruitful — and enjoyable. Dixie had brought her big, beautiful C-flag (a gift from her late father) and she allowed me to carry it. Two of us manned each side of the gateway, holding the five terse, easily read posters I’d prepared. My personal favorite was “WoFFord gets two Fs for having Dees!” - the Fs in question painted in red, the rest blue.
Reaction from cars was as ever mixed, but our payoff from passersby was fine. A fellow just driving by stopped to thank us for our effort. He didn't merely like our flag, he'd grown up on Secession Hill in \\bfirSBSa.C. (birthplace and Sepulchre of Southern independence) and was hip to the entire SPLC plague! He stayed with us the rest of our 90 minutes and gladly held signs. An extremely refined young lady walked by and stopped to chat at great length. She needed no introduction to the subject either. Both said they'd be joining the Council!	□
Activist Nelson Waller (holding “WofinT and friends tell the world and Wofford Spartanburg, S.C. what they think of Morris Dees.
Join our numbers now, citizen; not when it’s too late
\d/ta//enqe
Nelson Waller 7
As a “Major” field tactician | in this War of the Words, I your exhortations keep us moving along.!
Deo vindice!
This writer-andher Friends of Forrest — are suing Rose Sanders, the mayor and other Black racists for desecrating a stone monument honoring the Confederate General
By Patricia Godwin Selma - Let’s give him credit. “Doctor” Martin Luther King Jr. made one accurate statement in his lifetime: “There is power in numbers r
That we must all agree upon. MLK said in 1965 at the Tabernacle Baptist Church in Selma, Alabama, “Have a baby a year -there is power in numbers!” His people did; and still heed that advice.
To quote my favorite CSA General, N.B. Forrest after a battle and talking with his Chief of Artillery John Watson Morton, “John, if they would give you more guns and me more men, we could whup them Yankees!
More soldiers on the battlefield is what our war needs! Numbers - more folks - are needed to mandate and command respect in a public forum and at the polls. Just a few short weeks ago, a meeting was held here in Selma at Central Baptist Church. More than 700 folks showed up to start heading off the mayor’s plans to annex the Valley Grande area of north Dallas County into his kingdom. When that Black mayor entered into that church with 700 plus White folks, you can believe the look on his face was caution! He walked down the aisle very gingerly! He was on our turf then; not his and Rose’s. This was a heartwarming sight, finally seeing more than 700 Selmians out to fight the mayor and
his diabolical micro-managing plan to turn all of Dallas county into Selma, Alabama.
I could not resist remarking to several folks, “Wow! When it comes to ya almighty buck and you finally start feeling like it is
BULLETIN The supreme court has ruled against a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. this Christmas. Not for any religious or constitutional reason. They could find neither three wise men nor a virgin in the nation’s capitol, but had no problem locating enough asses to fill the stable.
Which cup did you vote?
If you have a choice between coffee or tea, beer or whiskey, water or milk, coke or ginger ale, that is real diversity. Blend them together and call it assimilation, but it’s not much of a drink. Yet that’s exactly what is prescribed for everyone, except those few individuals who don’t fit into the brave new world. This unicultural mix is waiting for you. Do not drink it and you’it intolerant, backward and racist. But be of good cheer, my friends! While you may not have any other choice, the decision of which glass or cup it will be served in is yours. That’s what you do when you go and vote. Isn’t today’s America great? Some countries won’t even let you choose which cup!	-	Cape
Please help us get the word out that the Southern Movement is alive and growing! Advertise in, subscribe to and distribute The First Freedom, so that we might kick liberal “compassion” off our backs sooner.
touching you personally, then ya finally step up to the batter’s plate!”
If only that many had turned out for General Forrest, he would still be at the Smitherman Building Museum and we could move on to other wars. But. no! These folks didn't see the relativity to their own lives that this issue held. Now they do. when they think it will get in their pockets. Numbers, folks, numbers - that’s what we need. Blacks are only 25% of this state and represent as much in the legislature, plus of course the scalawag White folks; but, if all of us who truly believe what we talk, then walk the walk, our numbers would be the majority. Sacrifice! The sacrifices of our ancestors we cannot even begin to imagine. Can we do less for them and our posterity now?
Got that ugly, peecee, scalawag-designed ‘stars fell on" car tag? Hot1; the solution:________________
V HEART OF DIXIE
IT LOOKS BETTER - There's no question ITS EASY - Goes right over the "stars fell on’
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL - As verified by the State Revenue Dept
AND ITS ENDORSED -
"I don’t think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag In the state of Alabama. I can say it to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I'm in the state legislature. I'm going to do everything known to human Ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag.* • Rep. Alvin Holmes. February 2002 in a WSFA-TV interview.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply send a self-addressed stamped envelope and $1 for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution costs) to:
STICKER
P.O. Box 681343	<««***
Prattville. AL 36068
L/eccmocr zuuz
/\ uiiiciciii Siam un mv uv
HERE’S WHAT WAS IGNORED OR MISREPORTED ELSEWHERE
Alabama Coalition: Lee Warner has got to go
FLANKING MOVE. One week before the election, with Gov. Don Siegelman and Alabama Historical Commission president Lee Warner blaming each other for months of stalling on the Confederate monument's restoration, Alabama SCV Commander David Allen called a press conference at the Capitol. Beneath its expensively-rented scaffolding, obviously erected merely to consume one-third of the project’s budget while hiding plaques and statues honoring Confederate heroes, said Allen: “The 120 employees of the Historical Commission should be let go if they can’t do their job.” Photos shown to the media were published immediately depicting the AHC’s failure to maintain even its Greek Revival Teague House headquarters in Montgomery. Sony we weren’t there, but The First Freedom had scooped that story already in October.
MEDIA MORONS advertised this insertion point at Laredo and, along with them, we’re about to get it right up the corridor. Mexican truckers will enter there, and from 1-35 into our highways and byways, no longer restricted inside a ten mile range on our fast disappearing border. The consensual disease NAFTA will spread rapidly as foreign agent Jorge Dubya Arbusto and Harvard’s Vicente Fox, pimping in unison with the media for whatever the international banksters want, solicit this grand rape from Point Barrow to Tiera del Fuego. Our sovereignty forfeit, why should anybody transfer to American truckers or trains? Citizen, just drop your guard, bend over and wait; here come those eighteen wheelers full of slave labor goods, illegal immigrants, weapons of mass destruction, drugs and terrorists: pre-approved companies whose trucks are inspected in Mexico with bar-coded strips that zip them through optical truck scanners. Teamster '"leaders” will ‘‘allow’’ this corridor provided that the foreign truckers pay them “dues.” Let’s opt for “Made in Dixie by natives.”
POISON, TOO. Remember Comrade Gore telling a student he would be wasting his time following agriculture as a career because by the time he graduated all of our food would be imported? Today along with the poisonous food products being imported into this country from Mexico, Guatemala and points south, we get a lot of frozen, processed, unmarked packaged food from China and Guatemala as well. Apple juice contaminated with anti-freeze in the 55 gallon plastic drums comes from France by the millions of gallons. Mexico sends fruits, vegetables and juices: tainted • with human feces. The U.S. Embassy in Mexico City warns employees in a health booklet that raw sewage “is frequently used for fertilizer to enhance the growth of vegetables. Vegetables on display in the markets are sprinkled with contaminated water...” Before buying, insist that the store manager prove the source of his fruits or vegetables you are thinking to eat The health you save may be your own.
PO Bos 385. Silverhill. AL 36576 Email: homefree<§ gulftcl.com Editor Olaf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Capcrton, Jane Doughty, Tern Fulton, Nick Jongeblocd. Linda Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S.
Seif-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. . Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be careftilly edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer’s meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed
WORTHLESS. The Immigration and Naturalization Service has come in for heavy criticism by Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-Col.), one of very few representatives deserving that name these days. The INS is turning loose criminal aliens captured for them by thk Border Patrol and local authorities. For instance, a border state lawman who had arrested three illegal aliens carrying military assault rifles, as reported by American Free Press: “(H)c was ordered to release them and return their weapons. When interviewed, the lawman asked not to be identified because he would be shipped to ‘our own version of Siberia’ for telling his story. ‘Most cops don’t even bother notifying the INS when they pick up illegal aliens because they just let them go,’ the lawman said. ‘Either 10 out of 10 times or nine out of 10 times they let them go.’ He said you are also called ‘racist’ for picking up illegal aliens.”
WE OWE THEM. 120 million people in southern Africa are facing famine says Rev. Robert Slimp, all because the White farmers are being forced off their land. As Jhe KwaZulu-Natal cry of “Kill the Boer, kill the fanner” was ruled by South Africa’s Human Rights Commission free rather than hate speech, 264 out of every 100,000 White farmers get murdered annually. Are our media, those who called for the boycott that destroyed a once prosperous Union of South Africa, concerned? Apparently not, as their total silence on what is happening there attests. But, while that blood spilled by communist savages is primarily on the hands of America’s “journalists” having wanted all this, it also stains ours, citizen, for suffering such liberal fruitcakes to just keep right on agitating for the impovtation of more hungry Somalian immigrants, not those productive White farmers, refugees for their very lives and with no refuge. Not here, not in Europe, nowhere. How long do we cowards simply keep sitting here like the three little monkeys?
DIVIDE AND CONQUER. “More than 57 percent, or 25,131 Harrison County voters, said they wanted to keep the Rebel flag at the Eight Flags display at the Biloxi-Gulfport line. Approximately 42.2 percent, or 18,335 voters, voted to take the flag down. But Tuesday’s referendum is not the end of the battle over the flag that started in 1995, flag opponents said.” -The Sun Herald, licking its wounded pride at not having prevailed on Nov. 5. Opponents said that? Well, yes; you’re only supposed to hear from those who stand solidly behind the internationalist Sun Herald's agenda. After that vote, the propaganda organ started gearing for its next staged event, a Nov. 30 clash between the KICK and those drawn to Biloxi to “save the Battle Flag” from them behind a “rebel” pied piper of a “colonel” representing the “37th Texas” something-or-other.
THE SECOND AMENDMENT, our original Homeland Security! Criminals had found easy pickings in Georgetown just outside Mobile, deputies only noting what was taken by each raid and that was it; until three weeks ago, when a departing burglar took a fatal 30-06 slug in the back, relinquishing the loot to its owner. O veh! The Mobile Register was shocked, reacting furiously against guns, and a writer to its “Sound Off!” column fumed: “All of these people calling, defending that fellow for killing that thief, is disgusting. You see on TV the kind of people that live in Georgetown. They’re nothing but a bunch of rednecks with their Confederate flags flying around everywhere, on their porch, on their clothes. They ought to realize that the Civil War has been over for a long time and they need to forget about it. They ought to put them all in jail.” O veh! Why don’t you go arrest them, champ?
BUTT OUT, JESSE. A group of African Americans has sued civil rights activist Jesse Jackson accusing him of fraud and demanding that he stop saying he represents them, according to the Associated Press. African Americans Against Exploitation, a newly formed group that includes a former head of the Kentucky Republican Party, filed the lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court on Nov. 12. The suit claims Jackson is calling himself a black leader without permission from the country’s millions of black citizens. The group claims Jackson uses his influence to intimidate companies to donate money that is supposed to further the cause of blacks, but instead puts it to personal use. James Stem, who heads the National Association of Cosmetologists, said he became involved in the suit after Jackson tried to organize a boycott of the movie “Barbershop” because parts of it were disrespectful to black icons Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King Jr.
THESE BIG DONS might also have listened. An Atlanta Joumal/Constitution article on pre-election Sunday described corporations there stepping up to the plate for those having voted for changing Georgia’s flag. The sum of $4,000 each was mentioned from Coca Cola. A storm of protests against such interference got one reply from the Consumer Affairs department of the Coca Cola Company on behalf of President and CEO Douglas Daft to patriot Bill Swann. In that letter they reaffirmed their corporate stance, that rewarding legislators who voted to change the flag was “good for the State of Georgia.” It boasted that Coca Cola “doesn’t fear a backlash, because the forces opposed to the flag change are largely unorganized.” Well, now. We’re just gonna change that, get it together and show such cola nuts who don’t know the difference between Jessee’s rag and the real thing a thang or two: from now on, make mine iced tea.
BOMBER BUSH IS A LIAR. President Clinton’s order for U.S. troops to wear “u.n ” blue brought House Majority Whip Rep. Tom Delay to sponsor a bill against such idiocy. As ex-soldier Michael New’s lawyers keep arguing in courts that orders to wear foreign insignia violated his oath, U.S. law and the U.S. Constitution, such a bill was considered unnecessary under W. Bush. “1 will never plac£U.S. troops under UN command,” candidate Bush said in his November 19, 1999 speech at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, Simi Valley, California. A Web site for candidate Bush declared that he t(would never place U.S. troops under U.N. command.” The 2000 Republican Party Platform declared that “American troops must never serve under United Nations command.” But now U.S. soldiers are wearing “u.n.” blue berets and shoulder patches as members of UNOM1G, “united nations” observer mission in Asian Georgia, “waging peace” between that land and Abkhazia. These troops receive orders from a foreign commander, Major-General Kazi Ashfaq Ahmed of Bangladesh.
ALL MIXED UP is Mo Dees, and he alms to remold defenseless Montgomery area high school students according to that lifestyle if he can get their teachers to download his SPLC’s “Mix It Up” program. High school teachers aren’t as gullible, however, as many cream puffs at the college level. New World orderlies who bite on this one are, according to the Montgomery Advertiser, into a program that “encourages students to sit with a fellow student who is different from them during lunch. Among the differences students might consider: race, belief system, interest or style...” Mr. Dees, we who want our children educated instead of indoctrinated by a bunch of mixed-up loonies “encourage” you to relocate that style back Into your closet.
MEDIA MAN. “Singleterm” was the name given Alabama’s governor of the past four years by the people. And while Don Siegelman played the media as best he could, that performance didn’t satisfy. Relentlessly hawking higher taxes and a lottery “for the children,” seen through too easily, he was dropped in favor of his Republican rival Bob Riley, a man more salable as a “conservative.” But this new broom may sweep no better, as the media obsession for removing Southern culture, symbols and traditions keeps ignoring the Alabama Coalition. Representing many groups fighting to preserve that history, the AC met Nov. 26 in PrattviOe for a strategy session. This is the largely unreported resistance movement that brought Don Siegelman down, and now Governor-elect Bob Riley faces a similar choice: either fire the retiring governor's reconstruction guru, Alabama Historical Commission President Lee Warner, or enjoy that single term.
“THE DON,” along with a couple of his henchmen, was stopped at Hoover Galleria and told, “Those Confederate Monument supporters voted you out. The same margin beat Folsom when he removed the Battle Flag from the dome.” Siegelman, stunned: “You know, you may be right.” The reply: “I know it for a fact. I’m one of them. You should have restored that monument and left the capitol plans alone ” Said ex-Don: “You’re right. I should have.”
FREE SPEECH RETURNS to UGA. When the University of Georgia’s New World orderlies met the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE), it was one small step for studentkind. In July 2002, an administrator with the Dean of Students had told all fraternities on campus to “make sure that no *an and bars flags/confederate flags (unless you are flying the pre-56) can be seen from any house windows,” as that would “violate the diversity plan.” He warned that the University’s Inter-Fraternity Council “would bring any group up on violation” if it displayed the state flag, and wished that “no group would ‘push’ this issue” - but, with the whole State of Georgia demanding its flag back, UGA has apologized. (See details on page 8).
CULTURAL CLEANSING County Commissioner Walter Bailey may have been putting us on; surely not trying for Scalawag of the Month when he proposed new names for all the Confederate parks and monuments in Memphis? The idea of removing Confederate Park’s statuary fora cancer survivors’ common in 1999 met with storms of protest from descendants of Confederate veterans and WBTS history buffs. And, remember, Walter, that one was the brainchild offormer Park Commission chairman John Malmo. Merely lying with mediacrats gets you nothing but liberal fleas, for we discriminate carefully in giving out these awards.
AND ABOUT TIME. The soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader, Sen. Trent Lott (R-MS), has publicly endorsed putting U.S. troops on the border. Interviewed by BUI O’ReiUy on his national “Radio Factor,” Lott said, “This is not only a porous border in terms of illegal aliens. It is also a porous border in terms of crime and drugs.” Illegals arrive not only for jobs, but often to join relatives already here; which means we may need a moratorium on legal immigration in excess of 100,000 a year.
'tfhcXLo*
M R3 hot, 8 hotter’n	hottest
yMjk One bottle barbecue sauce /Ml Two bottles hot sauce
s*jj *900 ♦ $3 00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397
PO Box 817
Lgl Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
December 2002 The First Freedom 3
The final word KAWwfto
Judge Myron Thompson
If federal fluke Myron Thompson and his henchmen try to haul off that Ten Commandments monument, they will face a human chain sit-in.
PRESIDENT ROY S. MOORE? Never a dull moment with such rabid preachers of nihilism as the ACLU and SPLC around. When these teamed up attempting to force removal of Circuit Judge Moore’s Etowah County courtroom plaque listing the Ten Commandments and Governor Fob James told federal marshals
to stay out of this, the public promoted Roy Moore in 2000 to Chief Justice. Recognizing his mandate from the people, Moore stymied those nihilists again by placing a granite block in the Alabama Supreme Court with the Ten Commandments engraved thereon. The SPLC, defender of “a certain” lifestyle but none of this morality stuff, quickly got word that U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson intended to
By Connie Ward
180dts@bellsouth.net With Monday-morning quarterbackin’ all over the South in the aftermath of those November 2002 elections, one found few references in the media to the influence of] proSouthernism on the governors’ races in Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina, and numerous county and local races across Dixie. But we know it was pivotal.
And it tells us - we who are part of the movement — something very heartening. We know we are a very small, very young movement; by ourselves, with just our votes, we couldn’t have made a dent in imperial politics in the South. No, the dent (actually a gaping hole!) was made by hundreds of thousands of Southerners who are not part of our movement — who likely have never even heard of it - but who think like us and believe like us and who (like us) have had it up to here with imperial lunacy in government, education and culture - and most especially politics.
It is heartening to know so many Southerners are still Southern. It is greatly encouraging to know they recognize that “heritage, not hate’’ is literally true, regardless of the left’s attempts to lie about that statement and neutralize its truth and effectiveness. This bodes well for the growth of our movement, and its success in opposing the forces of imperialism bearing down on the South. (Note: If we recognize this reality, “Show Mo’ the Money’’ Dees and Company will certainly recognize it too, and will redouble their odious efforts to demonize us. Know that it’s coming, be ready not only to withstand but to combat and neutralize it with the best weapon we have - truth.)
Of the three governors’ races, the greatest victory in my opinion was in Georgia. I’m a native Georgian and I couldn’t be prouder of the people of Georgia for handing King Roy Rat Barnes a defeat he so richly deserved. No doubt the defeat will be analyzed from every imaginable angle - and some unimaginable ones - to determine just how great a role the flag change played in it
I’m no political analyst, but I believe that if the rat had been a popular governor in all other respects, his flag change - and the method used to accomplish it, however unpopular — would not have been enough to get him booted. Even with the herculean efforts of Elijah Coleman’s Project Wave and the faithftil flaggers who dogged Roy everywhere he went (all of whom deserve to be memorialized in the history books of our future Southern nation), Barnes would probably have prevailed had the flag issue been his only negative.
But it wasn’t. Analyses of the defeat will likely mention things like education, redistricting, jobs, etc., which, by themselves, might not have earned Roy a defeat, either. But combine them with the resentment about the flag change, and it was enough to put Sonny Perdue over the top.
Then there’s that factor you probably won’t see mentioned very much but which was crucial - a factor that cut across all the issues, but which was seen best in the flag change — call it the Barnes ego and arrogance factor.
When King Roy Rat pushed the flag change through the General Assembly in Georgia, he made a speech in which he called the 70% of Georgians who supported keeping the old flag racists, and in the wrong. Oh, he didn’t use those words, of
set things “left” - as documented in Christian Coalition of Alabama’s intercepts. '
Or m MOMM	^ov'	***» 2002 he came through. Giving
Moore 30 days in which to remove from the Alabama Supreme Court the same moral code on display at the U.S. Supreme Court, Myron Thompson’s defiance is showing and not for the first time. At the apex of busing and quotas, Thompson gerrymandered into office more county commissioners of his race than MLK Boulevards, successfully stalling on each higher ruling (that partiality was no longer okay).
Judge Moore, on which ticket will you be running for President?
Defending Our Honor

course. But the message of that speech was clear - changing the flag is the right thing to do; if you don’t want to change it, you’re wrong, and the reason you’re wrong is that you’re a racist. As bad as that was, he compounded it further by holding himself up as an example of what’s rightl It was classic Yankee arrogance worthy of a Massachusetts Puritan.
There’s a lesson here for any politician. Do not sit in judgment on those who elected you to serve them. Most especially, do not force something on them against their will while holding yourself up as a pure and shining example of moral superiority. People (most especially Southerners) do not like that even when it comes from a good person - and when it comes from a sleazy, backroom-deal-making politician... well, they simply won’t take it
So, goodbye, Roy-rat Go spend some time in solitude at the top of Brass Town Bald and learn some humility.
For the rest of us - what now?
First, everyone in Georgia bask in your victory for a while. Savor it. Gather strength from it - because you’re gonna need it. Let’s all realize right now that this is not over. Far from it.
Do you s’pose Calvin Smyre and Tyrone Brooks and others who pushed through the flag change are sitting around thinking, “Oh, no, we lost, they’re gonna vote to change the flag back and there’s nothing we can do, woe is us, boohoo....”
Well, they aren’t.
Right now. Sonny Perdue is avoiding discussion of the issue that put him in office. Even if he does fully intend to hold a referendum on the flag, and follow through on his campaign promises, the other side has lawyers out tfce ying yang looking for any possible way to stop or sabotage him or the vote, or control its outcome. Any possible way. Remember, these are sneaky, underhanded, devious people who kept the Barnes flag deal under wraps for a slap year. They’re
By David Allen Alabama Division SCV Commander
“One of^ the best
rs:
the War, its
■ ■ggggifl
aftermath, and our Heritage.
Chock full of information, it is a short and inexpensive compliment to John Tilly's classic Fads the Historians Leave Out. This 72 page paperback has 32 pages of facts on the Articles of Confederation, Confederate and U.S. Constitutions, the Bill of Rights, the meaning of the Republic, Lincoln’s duplicity. Slavery, and other topics. Part two is 33 pages of quotes including everyone from the Founding Fathers to current writers, both friends and enemies of the South, in a compact form."
- Nat Rudulph, Southern Events
To get yourself a copy, send$6.00 to P.Q. Box 1105. Tuscaloosa, AL 35403. Big discounts by the classroom-sized boxfuls.
not going to give up because of some election.
ProSouthem activists in the Peach State, please heed political reality. It’s guaranteed that enemies of the real Georgia flag - rich and powerful ones — are already at work coming up with plans and methods to thwart the will of the people regarding the flag. Don’t let them; whatever they try, counter it. Anticipate them. Stay a step ahead of them. Neutralize their efforts before they even start.
And realize it could get real, real nasty, even dangerous, for you. Stick together; watch out for each other. Take care of each other. Be ever, ever vigilant
Good advice, actually, for everyone in our movement. We are impacting the Empire’s politics. We are a blip that has suddenly popped up on the imperial political radar screen. For us, the stakes have just gone up again.
So watch the skies, brethren and sistren, and keep your powder dry.
What did you do in the internet war, daddy?
By Edgar J. Steele “I worry about my child and the internet all the time, even though she’s too young to have logged on yet. Here’s what I worry about. I worry that 10 or 15 years from now, she will come to me and say 'Daddy, where were you when they took freedom of the press away from the internet?”* - Mike Godwin, Electronic Frontier Foundation Indeed. And many are wondering where I am right now.
My website www.conspiracypenpal.com is down and my email accounts have all been suspended. My soon-to-be ex-domain hosting ISP, FeaturePrice.com, refuses even to talk with me about it Things finally got too hot for them, you see. I posted www.conspiracypenpal.com/columns/y2k
2.htm to my website Saturday night after sending it out to this list. Included in it was a link to a video showing Israeli soldiers dragging an unarmed Palestinian out of a shop, then shooting him in the back as he attempted to walk away. I uploaded the full video clip, all 2mb of it, to my site since it had been sent to me via email. Within 24 hours, my web site was taken down.
I keep a local duplicate of the entire site, of course, and have already uploaded everything to a new web hosting ISP that
promises not to censor my site or email. We’ll see. It takes a day or so for DNS pointers to be redistributed over the internet, but shortly you should be able to visit my web site again at the same address. More importantly, you will be able to see the video that has somebody in such a dither: www.conspiracypenpal.com/im-ages/israelistreetjustice.wmv
Do me a favor and spread it far and wide. All the Christian Zionists, in particular, need to see the results of their support for the rogue state of Israel. In fact, since this newsletter seems to have become such an irritant to somebody, encourage others to sign up for it and thereby play a small part in protesting internet censorship. After all, how many websites do you actually see blown off the air in the name of censorship? This mailing list is maintained solely on my personal, off-line computer and is loaded temporarily each time I send the newsletter. Nobody else has, or ever will have, access to my list. And you can rest assured that there are so many on it now that nobody will be particularly interested in you if, by some miracle, they ever got their hands on it. You will be in good company, by the way, with a number of nationally-known writers, politicians and
other luminaries who are untouchable by virtue of their fame.
Did you see where Irv Rubin is allegedly brain dead, lying in a prison hospital bed after having attempted suicide the other morning by slashing his own throat (!), then jumping over a railing and landing some eighteen feet down onto a concrete floor? Yeah, right. And, this on the morning of the day he was to stand trial for attempting to blow up Islamic mosques.
I met Irv Rubin, erstwhile head of the Jewish Defense League, and observed his behavior and demeanor over several days when I tried the Aryan Nations show trial in Coeur d’Alene, Idaho. He was one of the most obnoxiously arrogant and offensive human beings I have ever encountered. Believe me, he did not attempt suicide. Simply not the type. I would give long odds that Irv was whacked by or at the behest of Israel, since the trial was going to be a huge embarrassment for them. Irv had gotten totally out of control and, worse, was actually caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
Nobody commits suicide by slashing his own throat. Obviously, the leap over the railing came while he was attempting to elude his attackers.
4 The First Freedom December 2002
Let there be light —
UPS and Fed-Ex woke Post Office, NORFED will shake the Fed
Real money is back. Privately issued Silver Certificates are now available9 and this is an opportunity to get in on the ground floor of an exciting and profitable venture.
By G. Edward Griffin
Author of The Creature from Jekyll Island
American Media, 1994, 608 pages, paperback $19.95, hardcover $29.95 www.mananland.com/jckyll.htnil
What is this and how did it come to be?
On page 573 of The Creature from Jekyll Island\ I said that, before we could abandon FRNs (Federal Reserve Notes), we first had to be able to convert them into real money which could function in their absence. I said: “That means we must create an entirely new money supply which is 100% backed by precious metal; and we must do so in a reasonably short period of time."
Well, you have to be careful what you recommend, because someone might take you seriously and actually follow your advice! The reason I am writing this message is because Bernard von NotHaus, the Senior Economist at NORFED, did exactly that.
First, you should know that NORFED stands for the National Organization for the Repeal of the FEDe ral Reserve Act and the Internal Revenue Code. When von NotHaus first contacted me with this idea, 1 thought the concept of an organization was great, but that trying to issue a private silver-backed currency was a hair-brained idea. These were too many obstacles, too many uncertainties, too many points of view to make if practical.
In my book, I had advocated the concept of a free-market, private money system as being potentially superior to that which is issued try governments. However, in the back of my mind, 1 felt this would have to wait for some future era when people were better informed about the advantages of free-market competition and the disadvantage of government regulation. So, my initial idea was that, for now at least, only the^ovemment had the resources to make a silver-backed currency work.
But, here again, von NotHaus had taken me seriously. He wanted to issue an entirely private currency, 100% backed by silver, and to let the free market decide whether it would succeed or fail. Furthermore, he wanted to do it now. After all, didn’t I say we must do so in a reasonably short period of time?
It was awkward trying to argue against my own advice, so I had no choice but to give his proposal serious attention. To my surprise, the more I studied the details of his plan, the more convinced I became that it was theoretically sound and, even more important, by Jove, it just might work!
Become a Redemption Center where your customers or those in your community can obtain these new Silver Certificates and also redeem them for silver coin, if they wish. There is no obligation of time and no need for a storefront For an initial $250 you will be registered as an official Redemption Center, receive SI00 in silver-backed currency, receive SI00 for every new Redemption Center that you sponsor, and also receive a 5% referral fee on all currency that your sponsorees exchange. The Reality Zone is a redemption center, and I invite you to join with us in helping return America to real money - one Liberty Dollar at a time. For more information, go to our Redemption Center page at www.realityzone.com/redcen.html.
In summary, this is the program:
1.	NORFED delivers silver bars to the warehouse (Sunshine Minting in Coeur D’Alene, Idaho).
2.	The warehouse converts the silver into special NORFED Silver Libertys containing 1 ounce of .999 fine silver.
3.	The warehouse issues warehouse receipts to NORFED in various denominations which relate to the amount of silver they represent. These Silver Certificates are officially called American Liberty Currency.
4.	Anyone who presents NORFED Certificates to the NORFED organization or a Redemption Center (such as ourselves) will receive NORFED Libertys in return. This guarantee is printed on each Certificate.
5.	Since it is impractical for most people to travel to the warehouse in Idaho, a national network of privately owned Redemption Centers also exchange Certificates for Silver Libertys. Most of these are local businesses which offer this service as a means of attracting customers.
6.	NORFED exchanges (sells) the Silver Certificates through the Redemption Center to the public for FRNs. The price of the Certificates includes not only the market value of the underlying silver, but also such costs as converting silver bullion into Silver Libertys, storing them (pre-paid for five years), insurance against loss, printing and distributing the Certificates, keeping the books, supporting the local Redemption Centers, advertising and all the other usual expenses of a free-market enterprise.
7.	In addition to their silver-content value, the Silver Certificates also show their FRN value at the time of issue. That means that, even though the FRN value will eventually go down due to inflation, the Silver Certificates will hold their purchasing power because of the silver content which backs them. In other words, a$l Silver Certificate starts out to be worth SLFRN at time of issue but eventually will be worth $2 FRN, then $5 FRN/J20 FRN, etc. - in the same way that a 1940 U.S. silver coin imprinted with the words “One Dollar” will now buy much more than the value of $1 FRN. This money, therefore, is inflation-proof!
8.	Certificate holders offer them to local merchants as payment for goods and services. At first, they are not likely to be accepted, but the certificate holder, acting in good humor, leaves a brochure for the merchant to read which explains the program. After the fourth or fifth customer makes the same offer, many merchants will decide it would be good for their business to accept the currency. By this time, they are aware that if they cannot themselves exchange the Certificates for goods or services, they at least can redeem them for Silver Libertys which have intrinsic value. Some may wish to put these Certificates in a safe place as a hedge against inflation or for use in times of financial crisis.
9.	As the network of Redemption Centers and participating merchants expands, it will eventually become necessary to develop a means of depositing the Silver Certificates into checking accounts which the banks will guarantee to be backed 100% by either the Certificates or the Silver Libertys. This is the only way that this money can be used for large transactions or for payments to remote locations. I am confident that, if the program becomes nationally popular, there will be banks that will eagerly offer this service as a means of attracting new customers. If we create a large demand for such a service, someone will supply it. That's what free enterprise is all about.
What is the goal? Will NORFED currency replace FRNs? The answer depends on how much support the project receives from the American people. Even if it does not completely replace FRNs, having it coexist side-by-side with FRNs will dramatize the shortcomings of the present system to such an extent that it could create political pressure for reform. The Post Office improved its service greatly when private carriers such as UPS and Fed-Ex
began to compete P*	h
with it. The same H IMuiM l •
phenomenon * ZONE }
could happen K NE3K with this money. Let us put real money into circulation and watch what happens when it competes with and outperforms the fiat system that now enjoys a monopoly.
My goal in all this is to help restore America to a sound monetary system, one which is 100% backed by precious metals.
It makes little difference to me whether this materializes as a new issue of Treasury Silver Certificates or as universally accepted NORFED Silver Certificates. (Actually, that’s not quite true. I would prefer a private money system because it would be more insulated from political corruption.) Either way, we will have extracted the teeth from the Creature.
One of the prime advantages of participating in this project is that it can help our friends and neighbors become more conversant with the nature and danger of our present fiat money. These certificates, in addition to being real money, are conversational items. Showing them around will get the conversation started; and, for many people, that is more effective than handing them a tract or a book to read.
Additional talking points to consider: The certificates are beautiful. They look like money should look, not like the ugly bills the Fed is presently issuing. They might even become collectors’ items of substantial future value. Besides, the project is fun.
Caution: Even though I am enthusiastic about the NORFED program and have agreed to have The Reality Zone become a Redemption Center, you should be aware that I am not connected with NORFED or the Sunshine Mint in any way, nor do I have any control over their operational policies or business ethics. I have every reason to believe that the people who do control these matters are proficient and | trustworthy, but my association with them should not be construed as a personal guarantee of their performance. As is always the case in such matters, each of us has a responsibility to make our own separate evaluation prior to making a commitment.
For more information, visit NORFED’s website: http://www.norfed.org.
High treason in
By Doreen Miller
YellowTimes.org
Q: Just who is a terrorist?
A: Anyone.
Q: On what evidence can Attorney General Ashcroft designate someone as a terrorist?
A: Mere suspicion and hearsay.
Q: What legal rights and constitutional protections does any person detained as a suspected terrorist have?
A: Next to none.
It may be difficult for some hard-core, patriotic Americans to believe the veracity of the preceding question and answer series, but these answers are based on the implications and dangerous ramifications of the USA Patriot Act (USAPA) passed in October, 2002 by so-called congressional representatives who never bothered to read or debate it.
It slipped through at the midnight hour under the cover of darkness, voted on by men and women engulfed in a terrifying atmosphere of shock, fear, mass media hysteria, and suspiciously targeted anthrax mailings.
U.S. government officials would have us believe that this 342-page, complexly nuanced document was crafted only after September 11 in the time span of a little over a month. To accomplish this feat would have required the in-depth study of fifteen other lengthy acts and statutes which it modifies and amends.
The act’s extremely clever yet highly misleading acronym USA PATRIOT, |
NORFED Silver Certificates are available in the following denominations:
$1 - Backed by 1/10 oz. Silver Libevty $5 - Backed by 1/2 oz. Silver Liberty $10 - Backed by 1 oz. Silver Liberty They may be ordered in any combination with a minimum value of $20. The dollar value stated on the Certificate is the current price.
An example of how you might order would be: A $20 packet containing one $10, one $5, and five $1 certificates.
Each order will be accompanied by a descriptive brochure to help you explain the meaning of these items to your friends. You may also find it useful to print these website pages and also those from NORFED. However, you will find very little explanation necessary. The bottom line is that this is money, 100% backed by silver. Everyone will understand that.
These Silver Certificates make wonderful gifts. Just think of the conversations you will start. They can be used for tips. They are also being promoted as Y2 currency.
When you place your order, remember that they may be ordered in any combination with a minimum value of $20 and that the dollar value stated on the Certificate is the current price.
And, yes, we do accept NORFED Silver Certificates as payment for any of our products! You would need to indicate payment by ALDollars on the order form and then send the ALDs under separate covet We will ship your order as soon as the ALDs are received.
In the state of California, the certificates are not taxable, but the Silver Libertys are except when you purchase $1000 or more at a time, at which point the state considers them an investment, not a retail purchase.
Become a Redemption Center for $250.00 and earn $100.00 for every Redemption Center you sponsor. You wW receive the Standard Order of $100.00 in the silver backed American Liberty Dollars (ALDollars) and an Action Pack to spread the word about the new value backed currency. Then as a Redemption Center you will get the ALDollar at a 5% discount and for every Redemption Center you sponsor you will receive a Sponsorship Fee of $100.00 plus a 5% residual referral fee on every currency exchange your sponsorees make into the ALDollar.
U.S. government
which stands for “Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism,” is an obvious attempt to intimidate and brand as “unpatriotic” and treasonous anyone who might dare to question its alarmingly overreaching provisions.
In light of the egregious evisceration of the Bill of Rights that this law undertakes, those who blindly supported and signed such blatantly unconstitutional act into law should be collectively condemned and charged with high treason.
Careful perusal of the USAPA reveals that it defiantly and maliciously tramples:
■	The First Amendment - the people’s right to exercise freedom of religion, speech and peaceful assembly “to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
■	The Fourth Amendment — the right “to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures** whereby warrants - only to be issued upon “probable cause” - must be specific as to place to be searched and persons or things to be seized.
■	The Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth amendments - which outline the right of due process - a trial by one’s peers, to face one’s accuser as well as view the evidence against oneself, and to have an attorney.
■	The Eighth Amendment - which safeguards the people against excessive fines, or cruel and unusual punishment.
Under sections 411 and 802 in the (See "Patriot ‘act.’" page i2)
What is “racism?
By Sam Dickson Wc must never forget that the term “racist is very new in the English language and—of far greater importance- that it was first used by none other than Leon Trotsky, Lenin’s second-in-command and leading Communist mass murderer of aristocrats, clergymen, middle class Russians and intelligent peasants and workers.
The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) is the definitive source on such subjects.
It shows the first time each word in our language is known to have appeared.
The OED shows that “racist” first appeared around 1934 in The Russian Revolution, a book written by Leon Trotsky.
It was used in describing the Slavophiles, patriots who were proud of their Slavic roots and wanted to save these distinctive features of the Russian people and their culture in the face of desires by Leon Trotsky and others of his non-Russian background to erase all such national and racial distinctions in the name of what today would be called “globalization” and “modernization.”
In short, Slavophiles - the first victims of this “racist” accusation - were people like us. We want to preserve the distinctiveness of the South, its ethnic makeup and culture. The Chamber of Commerce types, sort of a capitalist mirror image of such Communists as Trotsky, would erase both the ethnic makeup of the South through immigration plus genocide via miscegenation, and our traditional culture by substituting a standardized television culture.
Recognition of the fact that the word “racist” sprang from the brain of a brutal Communist mass-murderer should help us recognize it as a semantic trick.
“Racist” carries a double meaning by including within itself two types of people:
■	Those who believe racial differences are important and that race is significant in determining social and political policies, people who believe that diversity is best served by preserving the distinctive human races rather than homogenizing them.
■	Those who perpetrate cruel crimes upon people of another race.
The two meanings, which do not belong together, are thus linked as a semantic trick which gags, and is intended to gag, public debate on such issues.
Let's take a look at how two different meanings bound up incongruously as one in a term like “racist” might be applied to stifle debate anywhere.
Back in the early 1900s, the movement for workers* rights was viewed with great disfavor by most of the establishment. Things we take for granted such as unions, the minimum wage, the eight-hour work day and pensions were not always favored by those in power. The advocates of these advantages, which have since become ordinary, were then regarded with alarm by the media.
And, just as with race, some promoters of workers’ rights committed terrible crimes, which fact has been conveniently forgotten and purged from the history books in a post-New Deal America wherein labor unions are favored. A few of them burned the houses of factory owners and foremen, killing not merely those corporate executives but also their wives, even little children and infants.
Such crimes were media sensations.
Being somewhat less deviously clever than Marxists, factory owners opposing workers’ rights failed to concoct a term which would scramble inseparably those who believed workers needed sensible protections with those who burned up little children.
Maybe they could have used a term like “woikerite.”
Then when someone tried to argue for a worker’s right to a pension, he might have been silenced with accusations that he was a “workerite,” just like one of those who burned down the foreman’s house and killed his children. If the robber baron
MLK Boulevard -
December 2002 The First Freedom 5
capitalists had been clever enough at such semantic tricks, public debate could have been sufficiently tamped down so that we could still enjoy the benefits of child labor, no unions, no pensions, no compensation for workers injured in industrial accidents.
Just like today’s silencing effect, when the accusation of “racist” enables us to enjoy such “benefits” as the rape of White prisoners in jails (and the subsequent deaths suffered by many of them from AIDS), a Black on White crime rate which exceeds the White on Black crime rate by a factor of 50 to 1, the psychological abuse of White children in the school system by a “hate Whitey” curriculum, the systematic institutionalization of discrimination against Whites by means of so-called “affirmative action,” the environmental degradation being caused by the settling of tens of millions of non-white aliens into an already crowded country ... and so on.
All of which “benefits,” we are hobbled in opposing by one simple accusation: that anyone concerned with such matters is ... racist!	□
The real enemy
By Phil Beverly
Will Rogers and his ilk were heroes prior to the Jewish takeover of Amcrika. Before WWn was concluded to the satisfaction of the Jews, the Southern character stood super-welcome in entertainment. As I have said so many times, the Amcrika after WWn having made the world safe for the Jews is completely different from the America prior to that watershed. Jewish entertainers were very careful to keep us pacified until after the bloodletting in Europe and around the world. Look at Jolson’s black face, Amos and Andy, Lum and Abner, Jack Benny’s Rochester, Charlie Chan's “Birmingham,” Amos and Andy’s “Lightning,” plus so many film personalities. America loved it Anything to keep America powerful until after the big event
Then, with the Jews solidly ensconced in control of Amcrika and the world, the assault on Amcrika as epitomised in the Southern Character began. It is all detailed in so many of the documents by the Jews themselves.
The non-Southern Whites are beginning to get it What even we do not grasp is the absolute necessity to divorce ourselves from the media. For that is the primary weapon being used against us. We must begin to replace all the propaganda with our own truth, our own literature and principles.
Beware the leader who bangs the drums of war in order to whip the citizenry into a patriotic fervor, for patriotism is indeed a double-edged sword. It both emboldens the blood, just as it narrows the mind. And when the drums of war have reached a fever pitch and the blood boils with hate and the mind has closed, the leader will have no need in seizing the rights of the citizenry. Rather, the citizenry, infused with fear and blinded by patriotism, will offer up all of their rights unto the leader and gladly so. How do I know? For this is what I have done. And I am Caesar.	- Julius Caesar
Too late to call your “representative” - God help us!
This Patriot Act - and “act” is definitely the word - was read by none of those legis-traitors signing onto where their milk and honey flow from. But it's now “law.”
I beg a few of you to download the image at right and tell me I’m wrong for thinking our government might deceive us. Let’s have a logical reason for breaking it up like this; reassure me I’m paranoid, it’s because the whole would load more slowly or consume too much memory (the feds are suddenly and uncharacteristically interested in saving us money). Or, why do they want to keep this logo from the unwashed? Go to http://www.darpa.mil/iao/ and right click anywhere on the image; next, “save picture as” (give it a file name) to your p.c.; then open it in whatever program you use. This captures only one of the puzzle’s eight parts, which I have painstakingly assembled here with superimposed borders. Do this now before the Pentagon pulls it.
Let us pray. Southern patriots, we’re in deep, deep trouble. As the trap continues closing about all of us, if some of your friends still insist on believing what the kept subversive media say of our resistance movement, ask whom they think that eye atop the pyramid represents. Show them the following interagency report which appears below it This sinister post is the work of mattoids incapable of realizing the evil they do. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is the central research and development organization for the Department of Defense. Don’t be disarmed by their burocratese words and phrases typical of the types. Our disarmament, the Second Amendment, is the target. “The key to fighting terrorism is information,” concludes this plot Indeed. Read it and weep. - Olaf Childress
LAO Mission: The DARPA Information Awareness Office (IAO) will imagine, develop, apply, integrate, demonstrate and transition information technologies, components and prototype, closed-loop, information systems that will counter asymmetric threats by achieving total information awareness useful for preemption; national security warning; and national security decision making.
IAO Vision: The most serious asymmetric threat facinglhe United States is terrorism, a threat characterized by collections of people loosely organized in shadowy networks that are difficult to identify and define. IAO plans to develop technology that will allow understanding of the intent of these networks, their plans, and potentially define opportunities for disrupting or eliminating the threats. To effectively and efficiently cany this out, we must promote sharing, collaborating and reasoning to convert nebulous data to knowledge and actionable options. LAO
will accomplish this by pursuing the development of technologies, components, and applications to produce a proto-type system. Example technologies include:
■	Collaboration and sharing over TCP/IP networks across agency boundaries
■	Large, distributed repositories with dynamic schemas that can be changed interactively by users
■	Foreign language machine translation and speech recognition
■	Biometric signatures of humans
■	Real time learning, pattern matching and anomalous pattern detection
■	Entity extraction from natural language text
■	Human network analysis and behavior model building engines
■	Event prediction and capability development model building engines
■	Structured argumentation and evidential reasoning
■	Story telling, change detection, and truth maintenance
■	Business rules sub-systems for access control and process management
■	Biologically inspired algorithms for agent control
■	Other aids for human cognition and human reasoning
It is difficult to counter the threat that terrorists pose. Currently, terrorists are able to move freely throughout the world, to hide when necessary, to find unpunished sponsorship and support, to operate in small, independent cells, and to strike
infrequently, exploiting weapons of mass effects and media response to influence governments. This low-intensity/low-density form of warfare has an information signature, albeit not one that our intelligence infrastructure and other government agencies are optimized to detect In all cases, terrorists have left detectable clues that arc generally found after an attack. Even if we could find these clues faster and more easily, our counter-terrorism defenses are spread throughout many different agencies and organizations at the national, state, and local level. To fight terrorism, we need to create a new intelligence infrastructure to allow these agencies to share information and collaborate effectively, and new information technology aimed at exposing terrorists and their activities and support systems. This is a tremendously difficult problem, because terrorists understand how vulnerable they are and seek to hide their specific plans and capabilities. The key to fighting terrorism is information. Elements of the solution include gathering a much broader array of data than we do currently, discovering information from elements of the data, creating models of hypotheses, and analyzing these models in a collaborative environment to determine the most probable current or future scenario. DARPA has sponsored research in some of these technology areas, but additional research and development is warranted to accelerate, integrate, broaden, and automate current approaches.
— Alabama —
Citizen, do you need more reasons to step forward?
6 The First Freedom December 2002
Report fromL.A.
By Olaf Childress Hi
Only the weather stopped Tony, myself, Linda and a host of others from marching in the Mobile Veterans Day parade this Nov. 11 th carrying the flags of our choice, not the Public Safety Kommissar’s. We do not argue with God’s decisions, but godlet Dick Cashdollar is another same ole, same ole story; and we do have to keep showing (not just talking about) the colors of our true Southland, for today’s media diversitroops have one shade in mind: "u.n." weak blue.
Speaking of Hiss VGorc: across the bay in Baldwin, which is Alabama’s Republican county every election, erstwhile Democrat Governor “the Don’’ Siegelman could not believe he had lost here by 3,000 votes. Ah, Mr. Singleterm! The problem isn’t really your party, that dime’s worth of difference from its flip side having worn much thinner, nor were you less competent than the other side at spending. It’s what such pilferage of the public purse was purchasing. A total of three Selma-to-Montgomery “voting rights trail” welcome centers in as many counties?
All kinds of industries are moving into Lower Alabama: jobs, jobs, jobs! We may not have enough Mexicans to fill them all, so fast is government creating employment. Bay Minette, formerly our only county seat but now just one of three in this expansive age of paychecks for everybody, has built enough ultra-modem jail spaces to supply contractors here with crews of construction workers, whose obedience and punctuality would impress even Benito Mussolini were he still around.
Our economy is growing like a cancer. District Attorney Clousseau has offices at all three county seats, plus an entire floor of the bank at Robertsdale. Which bank? Why, Regions, of course, he wouldn’t set foot inside a state bank even if there were such an institution. And the same city got his nod for what’s coming to a location near you if not there already: Insight Treatment Program, Inc. Tucked away neatly behind a new Texaco Jiffy-Lube, this little string of quasi government spaces deals in money and human misery, in that order. When the courts release those who don’t fit in with its rent-a-convict program, this is where they report for reeducation and to pay their dues. Miss one payment, er, class, and they start all over at full tuition.
The high-rise construction crews along our Gulf beach are maybe half indentured county slaves, half Mexicans; some of the latter being here legally and resenting the unfair competition for jobs. No way, Jos6, may there be unemployment in the NWO.
Back in the days of private enterprise, Robertsdale’s Vanity Fair provided jobs for hundreds of workers. But what kind of security was that? The company couldn’t even deal with a little competition from NAFTA, ran away to the flesh markets in Bangladesh or somewhere. This city’s wise counciltypes immediately set about to invest their taxpayer’s money in purchasing that plant; they would show the private sector how to enterprise. They scoured the country, nay, the world, offering incentives no dull CEO or private board of directors would even think of, and within two years had that big old plant up and running again with dozens of new jobs. Of course, when the incentives ran out the company did likewise, to Bangladesh or somewhere.
No problem. The Robertsdale Council is still here, and Qousseau’s main offices are only blocks away.
NOVEMBER 14, 2002 - “Citing the need to expand an operation that provides vital support to the Baldwin tourism industry, local civic and industry officials announced Tuesday plans to locate the Association for Retarded Citizens of Baldwin County’s new laundry facility in Robertsdale’s Industrial Park. The 16,000-square-foot facility will open with an employee base of 120 people and will be constructed on Phase II of the Robertsdale Industrial Park for the ARCBC, Mayor Charles Murphy said...** —The Independent
Eight SOCCI members (Save Our Capitol Citizens9 Initiative) and one other couple, from Walker, Tuscaloosa, Dallas, Washington, St Clair, Greene and Montgomery Counties left their jobs at personal expense to do battle with a horde of tax-funded reconstruction activists.
By Ellen Williams
VALLEY, AL, Nov. I - The Alabama Historical Commission’s regular quarterly meeting was scheduled for 10:30 am jointly with what was referred to as “the Annual Meeting in cooperation with the Black Heritage Council and the Alabama Preservation Alliance.**
At a 9:15 AM Finance Committee meet, AHC Commissioner Winston Smith-T of Opelika questioned closely several items in AHC President Lee Warner’s report; one item in particular, $440,000 Warner showed spent which Smith-T then brought Warner to admit was only contractual and could be aborted. Also questioned was Warner’s accounting method of showing “paper profits” as actual money; i.e. stock gains which are not money until said stocks are sold. Four other Finance Committee members appeared to be serving as rubber stamps for the AHC president.
And, while Warner declared, “The audit is finished and will be out in three weeks,” please note that since March 9, 2001 at AHC meetings there have been requests for this audit. In various sets of minutes, both Bill Drinkard and Lee Warner have stated, “the audit is finished.” As late as April 3 Warner said this. So it’s 19 months that the Alabama Board of Examiners has worked on an AHC audit. Why did it take so long? Were they waiting until after the Nov. 5 election to release it?
The quarterly meeting began at 10:30, its written agenda progressing smoothly until the buying of St. Jude’s and a shopping center complex in Montgomery came up, the purpose for which being their “historical importance” on the Selma-to-Montgomery Voting Rights Trail (VRT) federal project. Please bear in mind that five additional properties have already been acquired for the VRT. Mr. Winston Smith-T prefaced his objections to these buys by saying that he had not opposed a single one of the other purchases, but he was against paying $2,000,000 for a property and then giving it to the federal government. That is the plan for this property as stated in AHC official minutes. It would become a welcome center for the “Civil Rights Trail,” along with two other welcome centers in Lowndes and Dallas counties, one for each of the three counties through which their “heroes” marched.
Here are the properties for which Lee Warner and the liberal Whites have spent your tax dollars: crown jewel of the VRT, the Montgomery Bus Station; Presbyterian Church across from the Bus Station; Victor Tulane Building - $608,611; also to be given away to Alabama State University, the Old Judicial Building (use: civil rights museum) and the Moore Building (“more” “interpretative” space for the bus station).
When discussion of this spending spree ended and the count showed Mr. Smith-T as the lone no vote, the latter then made an impassioned plea to the commission (or rather Warner, who leads this bunch as if with rings in their noses) for restoration of the Confederate Monument right there on the Capitol grounds. In lengthy discussion, Warner claimed the Governor had halted all changes to the Capitol on January 17, and that Avery Hudson, past commander of the SCV, had requested the monument be restored using federal highway money -thus tying restoration begun over a year ago by the AHC to the Capitol Grounds Project, and causing its postponement with expensively-rented scaffolding hiding from public view the magnificent CSA statuary these reconstructionists seem to find “offensive.**
When the vote was taken for restoration of the monument, the count was three for, four opposed and one abstention.
If any of you reading this care, I can cite you three places in official AHC minutes stating that federal funds cannot be used to restore the Confederate Monument and as many in those same official minutes establishing that AHC capital outlay (state) funds must be used for that purpose.
With the meeting adjourning shortly thereafter, seeing as there was not going to be a public forum (which AHC always has conducted after these quarterly meetings) Jane Doughty and I went up to Allen Cronenberg, chairman, and asked why the change. He said the public forum portion would be in conjunction with the Black Heritage Council (BHC) and the Alabama Public Alliance (APA) presentations in the afternoon. We were to face an even more hostile group than usual with our questions, the deck heavily stacked against us.
Returning to the auditorium at 1:45 we found the BHC still holding their meeting, which at times brought forth warm and encouraging remarks from supporters in the audience; among the most ardent, Mike Mahan, AHC commissioner who stood to request from the BHC their support in restoring a “Negro Factory House” somewhere in the Tannehill Park vicinity. This portion of the day did provide comic relief, however: the reverting to typical Black mannerisms, with pretensions at sophistication and the bludgeoning of Robert’s Rules.
Next, the liberal Alabama Preservation Alliance gave their annual report: Basically everything is honkey-dorrie, “Life is just a bowl of cherries” and “Ain’t life grand?”
Then the public forum. One knew we would be sacrificial lambs in this liberal audience. As each Confederate stood to ask prepared questions, the barrage aimed at us became meaner, more intense and scornful. Now I know how it must feel to be surrounded by a pack of hungry jackals.
Jane Doughty had prepared a thorough inquiry on the long-missing audit; but Warner’s grand announcement that it is at long last finished rendered her argument moot. So she did not sign up to ask a question.
My name was the first one called. I asked why, if the AHC was so interested in restoring Negro factory houses, that the Confederate Foundry at Selma was falling in disrepair. I also said I'd been told the foundry was up for sale. My question was answered by a woman in the audience from the Selma/Dallas County Historical Association. She claimed the foundry was not for sale, never had been, that they had received a grant from AHC to put a new roof on the foundry and furthermore it is part of the tour for the Selma Pilgrimage.
“So you plan to restore it then?”
The answer “Yes.”
What she didn't say was that the roof had been put on years ago because a Black had set fire to the foundry requiring the roof to be replaced as an immediate necessity. And as for “being on the tour,” all one can do down at that weed-infested foundry is drive by a sign saying “Confederate Foundry.”
Mike Mahan responded to me with a two-minute lecture: the AHC was not buying the factory house, but was being given it, or some such. Had 1 known what ole Mahan had in store for David Allen I’d have turned my back on him and walked back to my seat wlfllc he was speaking.
The next name called was Ben Hcstley, whose penetrating questions for Warner regarded the “side-by-side foundation” Warner and three other commissioners had created to take in millions of dollars. They plan for this foundation to be free of any kind of legislative oversight, state contract, bid law or public input. SOCCI has been trying since June to get a copy of its by-laws. Warner, having at first told us he didn’t “have to” reveal them to us, on this Friday lied with, “I didn't say I wouldn't
give them to you, I said the board would have to approve giving them to you ” One part of Ben's questioning asked whether big spending donors might not exert undue influence upon the “interpretation” and renaming of Alabama’s historical sites. In response, at each point Warner stood and walked to the edge of the stage replying, "No," stonewalling a three-page inquiry.
Sons of Confederate Veterans Alabama Commander David Allen, having brought two free-standing bulletin boards showing neglect and disrepair of the Confederate Monument, of Magnolia Grove (Richmond Pearson Hobson's home in Greensboro) and the Teague House (office complex of the AHC itself) was nailed to the tree next. David questioned expanding to 120 the number of AHC employees, consuming 33% of the budget while the citizens’ tax monies never get to the properties where they should be. Warner went through the usual mumbo-jumbo, not really answering.
Then, in a condescending and spiteful manner. Commissioner Mike Mahan asked: “Do your represent a group or are you here as an individual?” Told, “I am the state commander. Sons of Confederate Veterans,” the flood gates opened; Mahan lectured and talked down to David for what seemed ten or more minutes, vilifying the SCV and pontificating: “At Magnolia Hall, the same person who conducts tours through the house has to cut the grass. We could use the SCV and you to go to Magnolia Hall and cut grass. Where has the SCV been while these properties have been going down?” etc, etc. And, “At Confederate Park, I’m sure Rambo could use your help.” He raved and ranted for what seemed an endless time against the SCV, and how he “used to be a member.”
Sandwiched in between our people were several bleeding-heart speakers for the APA, one of them so emotional about the voting rights march that, when standing to ask his question, his voice “broke” while mentioning that erstwhile event.
Our Leonard Wilson got up next and suggested Warner was “a good P.R. person for the governor,” and if he were being candid in maintaining it was the governor holding back on restoration funds for the Confederate Monument, then he would be held responsible. “A few year ago, another incumbent governor came out on the wrong side of the heritage issue; he was defeated by Fob James.” Wilson ended with, “We are going to work to elect a new governor next week and take care of this!**
Just after 4:00 PM. Herman and I having left, Pat Godwin, last lamb to the slaughter, before beginning her question said: “Ellen Williams has had to leave, but 1 want to say this in vindication of her.” She then turned to Nancy Bennett, president of the Selma Dallas County Historical Commission. and Candi Duncan, president of the Selma Dallas County Historical society, directly addressing the latter with, “You know you told me that your organization was thinking of selling the foundry.”
Then Pat went into her inquisition for Lee Warner, showing what a liar he is by questioning the 750 ft. black granite wall of civil rights heroes there in Montgomery. As I did not hear Pat’s presentation. I will let her add that part later; but I will say that Pat got shouted down by a member of the Black Heritage Council. Needless to say. hers was the last question of the forum.
I have summarized this as best I can. The eight concerned citizens who attended this crucible were: Pat Godwin, David Allen, Ben Hcstley. Jane and Lawrence Doughty, Leonard Wilson, Herman and Ellen Williams. We were shouted at, belittled, humiliated and yapped at by a pack of jackals all day.
I leave you with one thought: If you care for preserving Alabama’s Confederate History, we need help.
Alabama -
December 2002 The First Freedom 7
Lying rascals gather at public trough, lash out against public oversight
^ Your tax dollars at work - Hiding the d w Confederate Monument at the Alabama / State Capitol behind rented scaffolding for months
Here continues the story of eight SOCCI members (Save Our Capitol Citizens9 Initiative) who, on your behalf friend, at personal expense challenged a horde of tax-funded reconstruction activists labeled the Alabama Historical Commission.
By Patricia Godwin VALLEY, AL, Nov. 1 - An excellent report Ellen. And there is more to add on what Mike Mahan raged against the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
First, he continued repeating himself,
“Where has the SCV been all these years while the historic sites were deteriorating, why has the SCV just now gotten on their crusade to save historic sites after all these years? I used to be a member of the SCV, just didn't renew my dues...**
As I understand it, after Mike Mahan’s contribution toward getting the Confederate Flag down from the capitol dome with that bunch of women in Montgomery helping, the SCV blackballed him. At any rate, he talked down to this patriotic organization as if whipping a disobedient child, when he ought to be taken behind the woodshed himself, along with Avery Hudson!
Speaking of whom, on our noting that The Birmingham News had quoted Avery Hudson denying having told Warner the SCV wanted the Confederate Monument’s restoration tied to federal funds, Warner fell back upon Alan Parker’s having said as much to ALDOT. But, since Alan Parker refuted this to Ellen, somebody is lying!
Wonder who? As Alabama SCV Chief of Heritage Defense Ben Hestley’s turn at the lashing tree came, to every point Ben quoted Warner as having said, the latter’s reply was, “No, Ben I didn’t say that.”
The lying rascal! He did, Ben; the very same way he treated me at Auburn last year when denying that he had told me in our September phone conversation the side-by-side would eliminate state bidding aiid legislative oversight, allowing private entities to fund AHC-approved projects.
This is where I will give you an account of my turn to be shouted down by Selma's finest, Loretta Wimberly, of the Black Heritage Council. I know that somebody sitting next to her, either Allen Cronenberg or Craig Sheldon, nudged her to take the floor as I addressed Warner regarding his lies to me. And let me note that Warner denied nothing I said during my remarks directed at him. I told him we had come back to the scene of the crime, where he had disclaimed our phone conversation of last September regarding the advantage of a side-by-side corporation, and his having tried to make me look like a liar. I then told him my vindication had come when I called the open hearing this past February on his House Bill 202, which would give him a carte blanche cheque to do as he pleased with our historic sites using tax dollars free of legislative oversight or state bids and no public input. I reminded him of the lie he told the legislative committee that day regarding attorney Bill Little: his having claimed the Attorney General had advised him to establish a side-by-side. He | had repeated this several times, when Rep.
Sanderford asked him if the A.G. himself were meant, whereupon Warner admitted, no, just Mr. Bill Little. In this reflection I then said to Warner that 1 have recently
talked with Bill Little and been informed that Warner came to him and asked if it were proper for a side-by-side to be created. Warner didn’t deny this, had no response. Then I stated that Bill Little had known nothing about the Gulf Shores property purchased by the AHC for the Ft. Morgan site director nor did he know anything about the two properties bought on South Perry Street in Montgomery. Warner had no response.
Then I reflected on seeing Warner in the Channel 8 news report regarding the purchase of nine or so acres at the St. Jude campus and a perhaps ten-acre shopping center on Fairview Avenue, predominately populated by Democrats expressing on that news interview that they did not want the shopping center turned into a memorial, because it was where they could walk to the grocery store, etc. Mr. Calhoun, owner of Calhoun Foods at that shopping center, was then interviewed, saying, “I think to memorialize the civil rights movement is all well and good, but we have to look at this from an economic standpoint - the shopping center provides jobs for a lot of people and a convenience for residents of the area.” I asked Warner if he was going to ignore the feelings of the people who lived in that area. No response.
Then I reminded him of his having told me in Mobile that the 750 x 8 foot high black granite wall project had been aborted. (I had first inquired about the wall March 5, 2001 at the Capitol Auditorium meeting, where he denied knowledge of it.) I said to Warner that 1 had in the past two weeks talked to Glynda Burton at Henley Memorials and learned the project is still ongoing, to be located just off 1-65 at Jeff
TheMedicine^
Shoppe@
Doug Hardin, R.Ph.
1013 N. McKenzie Foley, AL 36535
(251) 943-3335
FAX (251) 943-4414
The South was right!
Davis Street, with the entire civil rights movement etched on this wall. I asked him, “ When is enough enough ?"
I reflected on all the property that has been bought up, Warner having stated earlier to Mr. Smith-T that if they restored the monument that would take money from some other project. I reflected on all the millions going into civil rights memorials while he and the governor continued using the Confederate Monument as a political football; he had passed the ball back to the governor just today. Still no comment.
Then Loretta took the ball, started in with her form of talk. She was for the monument being restored and, "We all have to work together! ” From there she had center stage. I sat down and she continued. The liberal despots, devils and demons all applauded when she continued chanting, we must all work together! She wanted her children and grandchildren to know what part their ancestors played in building that monument. That monument was her history too! Then she asked me where 1 was from. 1 told her, Selma! Deciding she recognized me, and starting in with how she was “gonna call” me, and “we wuz gonna git togetha an’ work this thing out!”
From that moment the meeting was over. She came down off the stage, grabbed me by the arm and then we talked about the
January 11, 2003 Living History Secession Program at the Capitol
Late morning time to be announced Alabama seceded January II, 1861
On this evening in 2003 you are invited to the ALABAMA SECESSION BALL hosted by the Alabama Society Order of Confederate Rose at Historic Sturdivant Hall • 713 Mabry Street, Selma, AL. Ball begins 7:00 pm til 9:00 pm. Live period music. Period attire encouraged but not required. Light refreshments -No alcoholic beverages served. Tickets on sale now. information: 205-681-1848 or 334-875-1690 or 251-0246-9650. Email: rebellen@mindspring.com oldsouthrebef@zebra.net sbelle 1244@aol.com
Federal fluke amends constitution
With scathing wording the League of the South, an organization advocating states* rights, has condemned the decision by Judge Myron Thompson to remove the Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Supreme Court's rotunda. “This order is nothing short of tyranny,” said the League’s state director, Steven Fitts. “The intent of the framers of the constitution is quite unmistakable; the federal government has no authority on religious matters within any state. Judge Thompson’s rule is intentional disregard for the constitution he is sworn to uphold.”
In that decree of Monday, Nov. 18, U.S, District Judge Thompson ordered the 5,300 pound monument to be removed within 30 days. Thompson declared that in placing the monument in the Alabama State Judicial Building, Chief Justice Roy Moore had “violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, as incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment.*’
The limitations on religion by the First Amendment originally applied only to the federal congress, but since the War Between the States federal courts have used the Fourteenth Amendment to justify applying those limitations to the states. The League of the South has long maintained this “incorporation doctrine” to be illegal inasmuch as it changed the intent of the constitution against the will of the states. It is the League’s contention that the federal government has used the incorporation doctrine to usurp those powers reserved to
the states, and that groups like the Southern Poverty Law Center, which joined in the lawsuit against the monument, have used it to force their atheistic, anti-Southern views on the people of the South.
The next day, Chief Justice Roy Moore stood defiantly in front of the monument announcing he had no plans to move it and calling into question the authority of the federal courts. League members are now applauding Moore’s stand on the side of states' rights. According to Fitts, “It’s time for Alabamians to stand with Judge Moore and reclaim what is rightfully theirs.”


2003
Alabama Moratorium
Hopefully this lands nobody in jail, but if unwilling to take that risk it's not for you. The idea is that we suffer zero taxes or interest during an annual strike the day following Tax Freedom Day. To make our statement unambiguous we'll I announce it and gather as indicated once Tax Freedom Day has been determined, where patriotic books, food and the like will be sold for cash on the barrel head beneath “Tax Free Zone” and “No Taxes Today!” signs. Civil disobedience is long j overdue. Nobody needs to participate in this little tax revolt, but there will be no second chance for a teeshirt saying you were there with those of us moving first.
OUT Childress, Chairman ML Alabama Moratorium Committee ji W9£www.gulftcl.com/homcfrcc/48.htm JJgi
mayor of Selma being tied to attorney Rose Sanders, wife of the perennial state senator from there, which she disclaimed. I told her again: the mayor was Rose’s puppet, and until he were out of office there could be no harmony in Selma. We also talked about the N.B. Forrest Monument, she thinking the monument should have stayed at the Smitherman building. When I asked where she was when they dumped trash on him, hit him with a cinder block. Rose lynching him on MLK day, all of a sudden she didn’t know about those things.
But then she said, “You and I working together can get that monument back where it belongs!” Here I finally got loose from her by walking out into the foyer, she wanting to give me her card, I telling her she might call the Chamber of Commerce if she wanted to reach me; they could give her my number.
Then the fellow Ellen mentioned, the one who gave that passionate rendition of “I love civil rights,” was out in the foyer taking pictures of my visual exhibit board. Immediately when he had begun speaking at the microphone, my having recognized he was “not from here,” I pressed for where.
He said, “Huntsville.”
I replied, “No, sir. Where are you from, obviously not from here, where were you bom and raised?” He admitted: bom in Missouri and went to school in Southern California. I said, “That explains it!”
I asked if he were here during the march from Selma to Montgomery. He said no. I told him I was, saw it, lived through it, and that his taxes are paying for a glorified orgy! His wife retorted, “Well, there are two sides to every story.” I answered, “Yes, Ma’am, and now you have the truth.”
Oh, and David, there were a million other things we could’ve and should've said, but it’s not our nature and culture to “go back to the jungle.” 1 ditto Ellen: we need warm, vertical bodies, lots of them, in this war!
Citizen, keep reading this monthly tabloid for its entertainment value if that's any comfort to you as the enemy continues infiltrating, or to learn where troops are needed should you care to get involved Otherwise our heritage is irretrievably lost, as the likes of AHC president Lee Warner, sent here Lincolncsquc style from his Wisconsin home and Californian Mike Mahan, no longer comfortable in Alta Mcjico - come croaking about teaching the world to sing in perfect harmony. Their commission is clearly not to preserve Alabama's history, but to rewnte it. - Ed.
The Col. Christopher C Pcgucs Selma Camp #62 and the Mcriam Beck Forrest Chapter #9 Order of Confederate Rose invite you to
An Old Southern Christmas
at Live Oak Cemeteiy
in Selma
Experience a candlelight tour and
Living History Visit to
"Christmas Past"
with some of Selma's most prominent 19th Century Citizens!
Saturday, December 14,2002 6:00 PM till 8:00 PM Admission S3 adults - Children 12 and under Free.
Live Oak Cemetery Dallas Avenue & King Street More information: call 334-875-1690 or email oIdsouthrebel@zebra.net

A Ul (oy two fpu
0v*'e
islXlE
AuaIa wVtl A a»byUi to 7(l fcut	wlUt 04*ffty butt.
[The First Freedom
j P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576! ' full nami ~
MAIL AOUIUSS
CITY
STATt
IP
□	Here's $15 for a one-year subscription^1
□	$20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.;
□	$10 for 200 extra copies of a recent issue.!
□	Send me 2 free “Heart of Dixie” decals.'
□	$___________as	a	patron.	Keep	it	going!	•
8 The First Freedom December 2002	—	Vjeorgia
UGA meets the true Georgia Flag
This alarming report comes from the president of the Athens area Chapter, League of the South. The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) had to turn the heat on UGA to get results.
We knew some about this attack on our heritage by the University of Georgia, although that knowledge was never officially confirmed until the FIRE report Talks with fraternity folks indicated that someone high in the UGA administration (we heard it was president Adams himself) had contacted all of them and threatened with even getting their charters revoked should they fly our colors. Previously True Georgia Flags flew and at least one Current National. For a few months past, though. I’ve seen none of these flying outside the houses on Milledge Avenue where they had been quite prominent
We learned about the FIRE involvement recently and I have suggested to my League chapter vice president that we make copies of the FIRE article and take it around to the houses. It is not unlikely that they don't know about this statement or the university's "apology." I also suggested that, if we could come up with the funds, we should purchase and take True Georgia Flags and offer one to each house to fly again.
I welcome any suggestions or help on this situation. I can tell from experience that these students are frightened by the UGA administration, which is completely Dberal and has been for some time. This runs from the president and administrators to most professors and many staff workers. Also y’all might recall that UGA president Adams helped drum up support for Barnes’ flag swap. UGA received a nice chunk of change after that, even let Governor Barnes fulfill his dream of speaking at graduation ceremonies.
That's nothing, though. You would not believe some of the official materials and clubs that these people - and our money -support In case y'all haven't heard the message before, the old school ain't what it used to be; the traditions we admired are nearly all expunged and the halls of learning serve now primarily to teach our young folks to hate our ways and embrace “multi -culturalism," hedonism, homosexuality, paganism, communism and so on. Whatever is the worst corruption you might imagine. I'm pretty sure I can find someone with a true story that goes far beyond that. Do a little “homework" and you will be quite disgusted.
I would encourage all of you to write to the UGA administration and let them know what you think of their policies and tactics. Tell them that so long as they trash our heritage, teach good as evil and evil as good, and suppress the rights of students, that you will no longer support their associations with your membership, or their games and products with your money. Tell them that you will encourage others to do the same. If there is any hope of stopping the growth of this new tumor in academia, it will be by cutting off the money flow and making sure they know why.
For God and the South, Douglas Hutcheson
The following reply will become self-explanatory.
Douglas:
You speak of the university as “now” being liberal, as if a recent development
It is not
The situation was exactly the same -1 repeat exactly the same - when I was there in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
1 will give you just one incident
In 1971 a friend of mine was head of the dorm proctors.
The proctors got free dorm rooms for being kind of monitors of their floors of the dorms. They were mostly students, a lot of them farm boys who came from families that did not have a lot of money.
My friend told me that I would be astonished if I knew what the university was doing with the proctors and the kind of propaganda which was being printed and distributed to the students in the dorms.
I was interested and he collected this material.
The university would print or reprint pamphlets and put them in all 6,000 or so mailboxes for students living in the dorms. It was a kind of taxpayer funded forced feeding of extreme left and minority propaganda.
The material included items on the moral duty of shielding drug users from the police, being understanding of your gay roommate (sounds okay but it went on to encourage you to relax your inhibitions and give it a try), speeches by Stokeley Carmichael and other ultra, ultra, ultra White-hating Blacks. And so on.
It later came out that the university was spending $50,000.00 a year (in 1971 money! Equivalent to about $150,000.00 today) on printing and distributing this propaganda.
My friend revealed that the university even had semi-compulsory sensitivity training for the dorm proctors. Remember that these were poor kids for whom the free boarding at the dorm frequently meant the difference between getting a college education and not getting one. They were in a vulnerable position and could not easily resist pressure.
As part of the sensitivity training, the proctors were pressured to go to a camp where they would experience what it was like to be Black by being degraded, bullied, etc. They were encouraged to try to induce their girl friends into being groped by Blacks, which they would watch — so as to enable them and their girl friends to overcome their racist feelings.
We collected a trove of these outrageous materials. Once we had gotten a sufficient number, I copied them and mailed them out with an anonymous cover letter to the members of the State Legislature with a cover letter asking why the university needed an increase in funding when it had money to bum publishing and distributing this kind of material.
All hell broke loose.
A number of members of the State Legislature were outraged and began making noises. The media picked it up. What happened then is highly informative as to the establishment and how it works. We had hoped for an investigation by the State Legislature.
The folks behind this program, the establishment (I will call them “the head table") did not want an investigation by the State Legislature.
So they very cleverly arranged to have the Board of Regents announce that it would investigate.
The Board of Regents then as now consisted of big captains of industry. The members were appointed by the Governor; the Regents were not representative of the people of Georgia. Just like the Chamber of Commerce, they were absolutely part and parcel of the liberal establishment. Contrary to liberal/marxist theory, big business in this country is always on the left, not the right For all their pretended concern, the Regents had not the slightest intention of doing anything to stop the leftist indoctrination at UGA. Indeed, it had been going on under their watch and they secretly were probably in favor of it.
The main concern of the Regents was to find out who had reprinted and distributed the material. At their hearing, various people appeared. A number of these were ordinary citizens who were upset. One of these was the late Catherine Dunaway, of blessed memory.
Mrs. Dunaway was a former Regent of the Daughters of the American Revolution, a bosom buddy of Phyllis Schlaffley and a close friend of mine.
After she made her statement at the hearing, the Regents pounded her with
questions asking if she knew who was behind the mailing of the materials to the State Legislature.
Through some horrible, unfortuitous chance, Catherine thought for a moment and foolishly replied that she didn't know but that if anyone did know, the most likely person to ask would be a student at the University of Georgia Law School named Sam Dickson. (She didn't even know I was the one! It was just a chance thought in her mind!)
The next day the Atlanta Journal Constitution and the Red and Black (the campus newspaper) announced that I had been identified as the person who -according to the stories - had stolen “confidential" university files and illegally reprinted and distributed them.
This, of course, was complete nonsense on every level. I had not even been identified as the person who had mailed them out. Catherine had only said that I might know. And also, the materials were not “confidential.” They had been printed by the university at taxpayer expense and distributed to all students living in the dorms by being placed without the students' permission or request in their post office boxes in the dorms.
The next morning I went to eat breakfast at the Mayflower, a little restaurant near the Arch just off campus. I opened the newspaper and to my horror saw the headlines and read the article essentially accusing me of a criminal act.
Remember that at this point I was in the middle of Law School. I was in ROTC.
I was in the process of being examined as to fitness of character for admission to the Bar. (Which has wide latitude to reject prospective lawyers. It's much harder to get rid of you once you are admitted to practice. They can even prevent you from becoming a lawyer if you have bounced checks.) 1 was in the midst of being investigated for secrecy clearance by the military.
This was not a good time to be associated with radical political activity and to be accused of criminal activity.
Fortunately, a friend of mine was high up in the Atlanta Journal Constitution. Although a liberal, he was a loyal friend and he also did not hate the South like so many liberal journalists. (His greatgrandfather, who was his direct paternal ancestor, had been a colonel on Lee’s staff at Gettysburg. At one point in the battle Lee is recorded as telling someone with an urgent question, “Ask Colonel L...") Despite being a liberal, my friend was not so progressive as to hate his own family and was justly proud in a quiet way of his family's role in the Confederacy. I called him and he arranged for a retraction to appear the next day.
Now, having said all this, let me say that there is a reason for this long, rather personal, story. There are lessons, and not all discouraging ones, to be had here.
■	This liberal insanity is not new. Liberals try to seduce young people like the students now at the university by pretending that liberalism is something new and that their parents' generation were not liberals. Young people have a rebellious streak and the liberals try to cash in on this.
Liberalism is not new. It's old and tired. It’s been tried and it’s failed. Your parents* generation went through the same brainwashing and intimidation by liberals to which you are subjected now.
This, however, should come as encouraging news to the students in your Athens LOS chapter.
Despite all the indoctrination, all the propaganda, all the intimidation, huge numbers of people still do not go along, though almost never hearing anything contrary to what the liberals say.
This is encouraging.
■	The establishment is a non-democratic, elitist, corrupt outfit which will not play by the rules, even its own, and is at war with the people over whom it has any authority.
The monarchs in our people's history.
scorned and condemned in liberal textbooks, by and large shared their people's values and interests. They had the same religion as their subjects. Spoke the same language. Connected with their own.
Our establishment, as demonstrated in this story and thousands similar, including connivings by the Chamber of Commerce wine-and-cheese set to obliterate regional symbols and our flag, do not connect with the ones over whom they rule.
They are at war with the people.
As the Communist playwright Berthold Brecht once said, “The government, having lost faith in the people, has decided to elect a new people.”
The liberal establishment which rules over us is far more contemptible than any British monarch whom that establishment characterizes as tyrannical in its history (propaganda) books.
Therefore, we are within our moral rights to view that establishment with complete disdain. Alienation from the established order of our country is not a “problem," as we are told. Alienation is a sign of mental health.
■	The importance of having friends in the right places:
Young Southerners in particular and White Americans in general need to understand that they should try - within limits of honorable behavior — to cultivate personal friendships with powerful people.
Lacking that link to someone prominent in the Atlanta Journal Constitution, it is conceivable that I would be dead today. Without such retraction of the scandalous accusations of criminal activity, I might have been rejected for the Bar Association and not have gotten the security clearance I needed as a captain in the Army. I could have ended up as a private on the front lines in Vietnam, potentially with my name on that wall in Washington.
Much as we detest the establishment, it behooves us, as the Bible says, to be wise as serpents and scrupulously kind, thoughtful and friendly in our personal dealings with the powerful, and not give personal reasons for them to hate us.
As to the elitist, non-democratic nature of the establishment at UGA and its refusal to play by the values it preaches to us:
■	Back in the early ’70s. the university changed the name of the band from the Dixie Redcoat Band to the Redcoat Band.
■	It also secretly ordered that “Dixie" never be played at football games.
We raised hell about this. We were told by the administration that the students were liberal, that they did not want “Dixie" played.
We forced a student referendum on the issue which produced the largest turnout that has ever occurred in any student election at the university. The students voted by a margin of 75% to 25% in favor of “Dixie" being played.
To which the university announced that the students* desires and opinions were simply of no account and the leaders of the university would tell the students what would and might not be played. “Dixie" would not be played and the students could go to hell.
This from the people who always told us how fair, broad-minded and democratic they were.	— Sam Dickson
— Wake-up call
December 2002 The First Freedom 9
In praise of the clan
by Thomas Fleming
A new Dark Age is already upon us, and perhaps we might learn a few lessons from the last one. It was a time when the arts of civilization were dimly recalled in fairy tales* when Krum the Bulgar khan gilded a Roman emperor's skull and used it as a drinking goblet, when the careful and equitable laws of the Romans were displaced by Germanic tribal codes that hearkened back to times before *Omer smote 'is bloomin' lyre. As in Gaul (or Britain) during the fifth and even sixth centuries, a few Romanized Celts cultivated good Latin and marital fidelity, while the sturdy Franks took as many women as they could support and preferred the rough tales of their ancestors to the supple lines of Vergil and Statius. Tacitus praised the Germans for what we now might call “family values,” but the strength of their social organization lay not in the nuclear family but in the sense of blood and kin that connected them into clans, tribes, and nations.
Our American barbarians are not, of course, anything like those sturdy tribal Germans who would, in a few centuries, discipline their own vigorous customs into something like a civilization. Our post-civilized men and women lack even the healthy instincts of the wild beast: They are more like the feral dogs who know only enough of human beings not to fear them.
The reality is there for anyone to see, if he does not know only what he reads in the paper or sees on the evening news. It is not the gloomy spectacle of public fornicators and reptilian businessmen that should interest us, however. Man, made in the image of God, is a creative creature, even in dissolution. In times of social and moral chaos, when law and discipline and form have disappeared, he will revert to the more primitive customs dictated by the flow of hormones and the force of genetic pressure - the amoral pursuit of individual survival and sexual gratification - and, lacking the mental discipline required to. sustain a complex commonwealth, he will have to rediscover some simpler form of organization that will give him the immediate sense of identity provided by barbarian tribes.
In the previous Dark Age, the universal principles of Roman law crumbled, and the old law of blood and status was reintroduced by the invaders. Among the Germans, a man's status was, if not everything, a quality that trumped most considerations of fairness and justice. Kill my brother, whether by malice, self-defense, or accident, and I am obliged to kill you or secure proper compensation, and the laws governing homicide specified that the amount of wergeld to be paid was proportionate to the social status of the murder victim. Considerations of kinship, tribal membership, and “feudal” relationship took precedence over fact and fair play. A stranger without powerful friends was nothing; a tribal leader from a powerful clan was everything.
Some minor considerations of status lingered in Anglo-American law down to the end of the 19th century. A man might be held liable for torts committed by his dependents (both children and wife), and aliens, naturalized or not, were discriminated against in many ways. Preference was given to native-born Americans in employment, Sicilian criminals were repatriated to Italy, and no nonnative could become the president of the United States. Even at the end of the 20th century, aliens did not have all the same rights as citizens, though Justice Thurgood Marshall argued that they should.
Marshall was an interesting case: A typical liberal in viewing all men and women as rights-bearing individuals, regardless of the accidents of birth and citizenship, he was, in the more active phase of his career, a single-minded advocate of the rights of one group -
namely, his own - over all others. Marshall would, no doubt, have said that all he wanted was equality for Americans of African descent, but equality turned out to mean special privilege after special privilege, from the racially motivated redistricting of congressional districts to minority set-asides to affirmative action. Most of these privileges, it must be said, violated both the federal and state constitutions - a clear indication, to those who had eyes, that our political order was no longer based on the traditions of Anglo-American jurisprudence.
When the American majority acquiesced in a revolution that manifestly damaged their own children, they were making it clear that they, like much of the Roman imperial aristocracy, no longer cared about the people who represented the future of their families and their nation. In that sense, the old America was really dead, not merely doomed, by the time of the Kennedy-Johnson years.
In the short run, European-Americans have been the losers, and government - not blacks or women - has been the big winner. This will be true, even if the concept of reparations is accepted as the logical conclusion—which it is - of the civil-rights movement. There is, of course, no valid “legal” claim, in the sense of Anglo-American or Roman law. General Sherman, who actually wanted to own slaves after the Civil War, had no legal or constitutional right to promise ex-slaves either land or mules, and his illegal acts were overturned (as he knew they would be) after the war. He was no more competent to make a guarantee of reparations than I am.
The historical and legal claims against corporations that benefitted from slavery are no better, but it is a wonderful sign of the times that guiltless people can be held responsible for the presumed crimes of their ancestors and predecessors. “The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set on edge” (Jeremiah 31:29). As a moral and ethical principle, this saying was rejected by the prophets and by Christ. As a fact of life, it cannot be eliminated. Men and women who swap mates or take drugs have children who will pay the price for the parents' sins. And there was a time, even in America, when the children of robber barons and gangsters could not pay their way into decent society.
In modem America, this sounds absurd, precisely because we are incapable of any moral reasoning that does not reduce all ethical and political questions to individuals and the state. Neither Marxists nor Misesians can consider the moral significance of families and kin-groups. We have “liberated” married women from their husbands and children from their parents, and we wonder why the institution of the family is crumbling. We even liberate retired people from their children and grandchildren by sending them Social Security checks that enable them to move to dreary trailer parks where the sun shines bright, even in January, deep in the heart of Texas, Arizona, or Florida.
The only conservative response to the collapse of “family values” has been to propose tax remedies to strengthen the nuclear family. The proposals, which are good in themselves, do not address the problem. The nuclear family is an artificial * and hypothetical construct based on the very concept of the individual that has destroyed family life. A family, according to the conservative individualists, consists of the more or less permanent bond between man and wife, parents and children. Grandparents, aunts, and uncles are welcome additions to a family gathering, but they are not included in the essential definition. If the family of three-and-one-half individuals gets into trouble, either because the children run wild or because some government busybody disapproves of spanking or home schooling, the only
recourse is to hire a lawyer or call upon a pro-family organization to take up the case.
The nuclear family is a highly fragile social construction. Parents who wish to bring up Christian children in an anti-Christian world soon realize that the odds are against them. The anti-Christian American regime can mobilize all the vast forces of schooling (public and private), the media, and popular culture - to say nothing of the law and the police - in the service of its ideology. Once upon a time, parents, faced with a child running bad, might have sent him out to Granddaddy's farm to work off his energy, or locked him in his room at night, or, failing all else, stopped sparing the rod. Any of these strategies, if applied today, could land the parents in jail.
A husband and wife, even if they are heroic parents who have kicked in their television set and moved to the country, and even if they spend their available time teaching their children Latin at home and dragging them to church twice a week, begin to realize that, if they rely strictly on their own resources, they are going to lose a certain number of their kids, if only temporarily, to the mass culture. So they form home schooling groups or even start a school in conjunction with their church. These are excellent things to do, but I have watched with my own eyes as well brought-up teenage girls, deeply involved in wholesome and instructive activities, have begun painting their faces and hiking up their skirts to show off their legs. Before long, they are meeting 30-year-old men on the internet and, still worse, asserting their rights. A couple of dozen grandparents, uncles, aunts, and cousins might be able to surround such a child with the affection, ridicule, and discipline that would preserve her from harm until she reaches the age of reason - which, in America these days, is some time after 30.
From the ancient perspective, a husband and wife and their children represented only a link in the chain that connected ancestors with descendants. The Greeks and Romans had no word for “the family.” Instead, they had two sets of words, one (oikos, familia) that emphasized the household (which could include slaves, hired servants, and various dependent relations), and the other (genes, genus) that emphasized broader kinship or common ancestry.
Until recently, governments have left nuclear families alone, sensing that they present no threat to the power of the state. However, the builders of powerful states have always feared the strength of the extended family and the clan. Whether in Britain, the Balkans, or the South, clans have been a law unto themselves. This may not always be a good thing, as evidenced by the frequent blood feuds that erupted in Scotland, Montenegro, and Texas: In times of need, however, it is the clan that has the power and the will to stand up for its members when they are oppressed by government.
The Soviet leadership learned this lesson quickly. The first generation of Bolsheviks had learned from Marx that the family was an instrument of class oppression. Although their contempt for the family matched that of Hillary Clinton and other modem leftists, they quickly decided that, while the nuclear family was a useful tool for rearing the state's children, the extended kin networks in Russia and Ukraine were a threat to the total power of the state. Henceforth, Soviet law, while breaking up the extended family, gave protection to what shallow and historically ignorant sociologists like to call the “bourgeois family.”
Today, then, faced with the state's stepped-up efforts (though largely unconscious) to destroy the last remnants of Christian civilization, American families are being given very bad advice from evangelical pop psychologists who want
them to recreate the Ozzie and Harriet model of the 1950s family. Contrasting the self-fictionalized Ozzie and Harriet with the equally banal but all-too-real Ozzy Osbourne and his wife, conservatives hold up the Nelsons as the ideal suburban family: a dad who did not have to work, a mother who baked cookies all day, two inoffensive children - one of whom was successfully marketed as a rock star. The Nelsons were, in T.S. Eliot’s phrase, “decent, godless people.” No one believed anything, no one did anything, no one went to church.
Instead of mooning over the Nelsons and the Cleavers, American reactionaries could be looking at reruns of The Real McCoys, a series that depicted the tribulations of a displaced Appalachian family trying to run a farm in California. In coping with California and their child, Luke and Kate McCoy were not alone: They had Luke's sister Hassie and Grandpa McCoy to support them, and, after a while, they even incorporated the Mexican farmhand, Pepino, into the family.
Going beyond Walter Brennan and Richard Crenna, American families might take even more valuable lessons from the real McCoys of West Virginia, a brave and hardworking people who knew how to support their families and protect them from their enemies. (I mean no disrespect to the Hatfields, even if they were Unionists.) Like all clans, the McCoys prized their freedom and knew that it depended on the efforts and loyalty of the clan, not on government, not on movements, not on counselors.
There is not much left of the McCoys or of any other clan in the developed world, but, as the darkness gathers once again, Christian families had better understand that their freedom and independence will not come from a pro-family tax policy or a legal foundation or a militia group. Those who wish to be free will have to move back to their hometown (or find a new one), drag Grandpa out of the rest home or trailer park where he thinks he is happy, hunt up the cousins they have not seen in ten years, and begin to think of their friends and employees as potential candidates for adoption into the clan they are building. If nothing else, they will form a network of friends with whom they can exchange recipes and share grief. At best, they will found the village that it takes, so we are repeatedly told, to rear a child.
Reprinted with permission from the November 2002 issue of Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture, a publication of The Rockford Institute in Rockford, Illinois.
Now is the time for all good Santas to come to the rescue of their brainwashed children. Order four firsttime subscriptions before Christmas for the total price of $49, and each of them will receive two “Heart of Dixie** decals, twelve monthly issues of The First Freedom, and a card confirming your gift.
i The First Freedom P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, AL 36576
Olaf, here's my check for $49 to help you keep printing The First Freedom, and the following four to learn its truth:
FULL NAME MAIL ADDRESS
CITY *	STATE	ZIP
FULL NAME MAIL ADDRESS
CITY	STATE	ZIP
FULL NAME MAIL ADDRESS
city	State	zip"
FULL NAME MAIL ADDRESS
CITY	STATE	ZIP’
10 The First Freedom December 2002
— Setting the record straight —
/ CITIZEN ALERT!
EXPOSING THE REAL MORRIS DEES
and his
SOUTHERN POVERTY LAW CENTER
(SPLC)
The south-hating media elites use Moms Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPl^) as a source of lies and distortions of fact about all groups defending Southern heritage and culture. Their anti-Southern bias and hatred is well documented.
Together, the media elites and Mr. Dees spread lies and disinformation while pretending that it comes from a fair and balanced source. We will:
1. Clarify public understanding of Mr. Dees and his leftist organization and
Offer the truth to the public about Mr. Dees and his comrades; Mr. Dees* Clinton-style lack of character, Mr. Dees’ anti-Southern bias, his visceral hatred of Southerners and Southern culture.
3. Shine the light of truth on Mr. Dees* and the SPLC’s radical leftist agenda.
Full name: Moms Seligman Dees, Jr. Bora: December 16,1936 in Shorter, Macon County, Alabama; Graduated from Sidney Lanier High School in Montgomery, Alabama in I95S; Received B.A. Sl J.D. Law degree (I960) from University of Alabama
\L
WANTED
A
MORRIS DEES AND HIS MEDIA ELITE BUDDIES LIE ABOUT CHURCH BURNINGS
At a news conference in Washington in April 1996, Dees announced: “Those [black] churches that have been burned in the South were certainly burned by racists.** After subsequent investigation revealed there was no rash of black church burnings, many newspapers, including The Charlotte Observer, concluded that Dees “misinformed” the press.
- Charlotte Observer. October 10,1996
MORRIS DEES' SPLC CONS THE PUBLIC
The SPLC’s fundraising practices have provoked the disapproval of watchdog groups that monitor charities: In 1993, the American Institute of Philanthropy assigned the SPLC a “D” grade on a scale of A to F.
- American Institute of Philanthropy xxxx 1993 Charity Watchdog Report

i
SPLC collects millions from well-intentioned contributors under false pretenses
In a series of fund-raising letters the Law Center implied it forced the United Klans of America to pay $7 million to the mother of lynching victim Michael Donald in 1987. But Beulah Mae Donald actually received only $51,874.70 from the Klansmen. The l^aw Center collected millions as the result of fund-raising letters about the case.
The Montgomery Advertiser conducted a “random sampling of donors - people who receive a steady stream of fund-raising letters and newsletters - showed they had no idea the Law Center was so wealthy.**
Morris Dees
to confess his misdeeds as attributed here, and desist from further damaging the reputations of decent people with his slanderous lies.
A^A___________ _	"■_________5=L
MORRIS DEES’ ANTI-GUN PREJUDICE
Dees has actively campaigned for laws in which “associations of two or more persons” who train in the use of firearms for defensive purposes are declared “illegal militias.”
(Selected Speeches and Writings of Morris Dees.)
O	O
Morris Dees assaults lone honest Journalist who dares to ask the truth
Dees assaulted an elderly journalist at a symposium sponsored by the University of West Florida. Pensacola, on Jan. 12,2002. The journalist had asked Dees a “bad question.** Dees then had the journalist physically hauled out of the building by two policemen.
-The First Freedom, Feb. 2002
O	O
By frequently mailing out such persuasive appeals. Dees and his associates have drawn financial support from about half a million Americans [by 1988]. The number of contributors and the amount they have given are probably greater than any left-of-center group has recorded in a comparable period in the history of American philanthropy.
- The Progressive, July 1988
MORRIS DEES ACCUSED OF PAYING WITNESSES FOR TESTIMONY IN PORTLAND, OREGON
Dees is well known for putting “Hate on Trial” in the 1990 Portland, Oregon civil trial of extremist Tom Metzger. One of the witnesses in that trial, Greg Withrow, now accuses Dees of suborning perjury by paying witnesses (and then hush money for another five years) for their testimony. - San Diego Times Union. Aug. 25,2002.
MORRIS DEES’ “SPLC MORE LIKE A PLANTATION’’
Whites control the SPLC, which has crusaded for the rights of blacks for 23 years. It has hired only two black staff attorneys in its history, and both of them left unhappy. 12 of 13 former black employees interviewed by the Montgomery Advertiser complained they experienced or observed racial problems during their employment. Several said the SPLC was “more like a plantation.”
- Montgomery Advertiser. Feb. 13-14,1994
Morris Dees’ ex-wife cites his affairs with daughter-in-law and stepdaughter
Perhaps explaining the SPLC’s “Gay” rights activism. Dees was cited in 1979 by his ex-wife with a homosexual encounter during their marriage. She also cited numerous afTairs with women including his daughter-in-law and underage stepdaughter.
(Alabama Court of Civil Appeals CIV 2114, 1979)
MORRIS DEES ARRESTED IN NORTH CAROLINA ON FELONY CHARGES OF BRIBING A WITNESS

In 1994 the Montgomery Advertis won a journalism award for a series incisive and penetrating investigativ articles exposing the unethical practices of Dees and the Southern Law Center including: Since August 1984, the Law Center had taken in |
S62 million in contributions and yet onl spent about $21 million on actual program according to federal tax records.
To recap:
$62,000,000.00 total contributions $21.000.000.00 total spent on programs $41,000.000.00 total not spent on programs
Where did 41 million dollars In contributions go
Three years after the McGovern campaign, Dees was arrested and removed from court in 1975 for attempting to suborn peijury (bribing a witness) in the Joan Little murder trial in North Carolina. Little, a black convict, was accused of killing a prison guard with an ice pick. The felony charge against Dees was subsequently dropped, but the presiding judge, Hamilton Hobgood, refused to re-admit Dees to the case. The refusal was upheld on appeal after the Supreme Court of the United States refused to hear Dees appeal.
- San Diego Times Union. Aug. 25,2002 “The great untold story of the JoAnn Little trial was the role of the Communist Party, through its National Alliance Against Racist and Political Repression, in controlling the entire political movement
surrounding the case. Angela Davis, a leading figure in both organizations, became the most frequently quoted movement figure and constant companion of JoAnn Little... Party members were
visible and influential on the defense committee, and the party frequently set up rallies of support around the country.*9 - Columbia Journalism Review. Pirsky, Mark. March/April, 1976

Morris Dees’ SPLC refused to address poverty, homelessness
In 1986 the entire SPLC legal staff resigned in protest of Dees’ refusal to address issues such as poverty, homelessness, voter registration and other issues they considered more pertinent to poor minorities, rather than to get rich fighting a Klan chimera. - Harpers, Ken Silverstein, “The Church of Morris Dees ” November 2000.
O	O
Morris Dees founded the Southern Poverty Law Center In 1971 with Joseph Levin (who left the SPLC In 1976) and Julian Bond (resigned late 1970s).
(Articles of Incorporation.
Southern Poverty Law Center. Inc.)
O	O
Morris Dees’ shocking anti Southern bias and hatred
“Dees and the SPLC defame the entire Southern Heritage Community by labeling them “Neo-Confederates.**
- SPLC Intelligence Update, Summer 2000
Morris Dees manipulates well Intentloned people
As reported in 1996, with $68 million in assets. Decs’ Southern Poverty Law Center was the “nations richest civil rights organization.**- USA Today, Aug. 3,1996
Now it is approaching its stated goal of a SI00 million endowment.
In the above article, Stephen Bright, one of Dees' numerous former associates, told a reporter that Dees is “a fraud who has milked a lot of very wonderf intentioned people.”
O	O
Randall Williams, who formed Klanwatch in 1981 as part of the SPLC, said in 1988: “We were sharing information with the FBI, the police, undercover agents. Instead of defending clients and victims we were more of a super snoop outfit, an arm of law enforcement.” Randall and four staff attorneys resigned from the Center in 1986.	-The Progressive, July 1988
Dees’ goal: '...make a pile of money* Decs formed ■ lucrative partnership with Millard Fuller, who later founded Habitat for Humanity. (Fuller. Millard: Bokotola. New Century Press: 1977) Dees and Fuller formed the law firm of Decs & Fuller, Montgomery, Alabama in I960.
Mr. Fuller has this to say about his eight-year association with Decs: "Morris Dees and I, from the first day of our partnership, shared one overriding purpose: to make a pile of money."
"We were not particular about how we did it; we just wanted to be independently rich. During the eight years ■ we worked together we never wavered in that resolve. But everything has a price. And I paid for our success in several ways. One price I paid was estrangement from the church.**
Dees’ SPLC does not practice affirmative action
Christine Lee. a Harvard Law School alumna who interned at the Center in 1989: “I would definitely say that there was not a single black employee with whom I spoke who was happy to be working there.” “As I was told (at the SPLC). they don’t need black people telling them how to handle black issues,” Lee said.
Dees responded by saying, “We don’t have black slots and white slots. Probably the most discriminated people in American today are white men when it comes to jobs because there are more of those who had more education opportunities and who the test scores show arc scoring better and on paper look more qualified. That’s why you have so many reverse discrimination cases around.**
— Birmingham News. Feb. 17, 1994
December 2002 The First Freedom 11
NOT IN THE POT This country wasn’t meant to become a diverse cultural melting pot any more than Europe. I believe it was Pat Buchanan who said one reason Roosevelt wanted to enter WWII was to introduce third world nations to the continent and make it a melting pot. A people whether white, black or any other race unable to maintain its purity loses all identity; and then of course, what good are they to anyone except as little slaves. I never expected to see such compromise and ignorance among so-called honourable and unreconstructed Southerners, but they sure redefine both words. Being called a racist I never try to defend myself, but just ask what that means. No one can define this word correctly, and of course they give up after you show them its definition in the dictionary. Anyway...
MONIKA JUNGHANS-JONES
Jesup, GA
Having checked several dictionaries including a large two-volume set, I find no such word as racist. Of course, like me, they’re not of the New World Order.
PEECEE VIRUS While I have nothing to do with the KKK, don’t they too have the right to use a Confederate flag? Some of these folk are so paranoid and afraid of being linked to a “hate group,” they reacted sullenly to an email I sent out. Referring to “nationalist comrades” made them think I was a terrible “nazi” or something. The ADL must dance with glee at all this. I notice more than a few descendants of “Jewish Confederates” posting at Demastus, while my own and others are never given that courtesy. Such open-mindedness! Isn’t it understood that, no matter what, they get lumped into one bag by those 1 would call the Traditional Enemies of Truth and Liberty? Good luck with all the things you arc doing. Anyone wanting my newsletter, send a 60 cent S.A.S.E. to: Eagle Publications, POB 6303, Corpus Christi, TX 78466-6303.
DR. HARRELL RHOME Editor/Puhlishcr
UtUrt..,
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
MONEY MONSTER The last issue had a super article on The Creature from Jekyll Island! Congratulations! That is a super book and the gal who wrote the article did a magnificent job with it.
TOM SMITH Fairhope
EDUCATING OURSELVES I am not inclined to fight the War Between the States again. Your rhetoric might make you money with a publication but will not bring us back to following our U.S. Constitution, because atheists in our national media are the problem, not real Christians or Jews; and your words give them power with uneducated voters. Continue as you are if you want to make money, change into a constitutionalist if you want the country to recognize the danger of Islam, etc.
GEORGE C. JEFFREY georgecjeffrey@hotmail.com The First Freedom, now in its 4th year, operates at a loss with each issue; I mean, if success is Monopoly money. That isn’t how our writers see it. Not reenactors of a homeland defense that was inadequate against an industrial North outflanking us by ignoring the constitution you seem to think self-enforcing, we are soldiers of the continuing good fight Yes, atheists in our national media are the problem; so where do you find any disagreement?
ALABAMA MORATORIUM It seems to me that in light of Governor Siegelman’s record for returning tax refunds at such a snail’s pace, citizens ought to change their state withholding allowances so that they don’t have these refunds due. If everyone did that, it would put a severe strain on the state’s cash flow for next year.	DON	WALLACE
Northport
What if employers simply declined to be unpaid tax collectors?
FOR THE CAUSE Find enclosed my year's subscription, plus extra for handouts. Enjoying the education on the South, as I am a transplant myself. Yours in freedom, TOM HESS
Daphne
GUN CONTROL This one comes from Ed Chenel, a police officer in Australia.
Hi Yanks, I thought you all would like to see the real figures from Down Under. It has now been 12 months since gun owners in Australia were forced by a new law to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by our own government, a program costing Australian taxpayers more than $500 million dollars.
The first year’s results are now in: Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent, Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6 percent; Australia-wide, armed robberies are up 44 percent -yes, 44percent! In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with firearms are now up 300 percent. (Note that while the law-abiding citizens turned them in, the criminals did not and criminals still possess their guns!) While figures over the previous 25 years showed a steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms, this has changed drastically upward in the past 12 months since the criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed. There has also been a dramatic increase in break-ins and assaults of the elderly.
Australian politicians are at a loss to explain how public safety has decreased after such monumental effort and expense to “successfully rid Australian society of guns.” You won’t see this on the American evening news or hear your governor or members of the state assembly passing out this information.
The Australian experience proves it. Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and, yes, gun control laws affect only the law-abiding citizens. Take note Americans, before it's too late!
The magic pill
June Griffin
Since the federal system of redistribution of the wealth has proclaimed itself to be god and the people want something for nothing, medical jjelp is badly needed.
This appeal is especially to my own Senator, Dr. Frist (sounds like frisk), who is first in medicine, first in cure, first in the hearts of the leeches. What a saviour!
The medical help we need is a pill that causes folks to love manual labor. I personally hate hanging the sheets out to dry or cleaning the dishwasher. My husband dreads raking the leaves and loves reclining in the La-Z-Boy talking to me while I cook supper, which is really a chore.
This wonder drug could be administered to our Congressmen and their staffs, who would be transmogrified into cleaning the yard at the White House and painting the walls and cleaning the bathrooms, instead of passing stupid laws to get their good friends jobs.
This pill would also be mandatory for university professors, no longer playing in sandboxes while studying the wings of caterpillars with public money. In fact, this pill must cause one to revolt at the thought of living off public money.
We know with Congress all things are possible, and that it is hard to get someone to work at boring, menial tasks, but, since medicine has become the cure-all, I expect this pill to be a help “for the children ” □
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weoguflca, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
Cash Loans Pawn • Bay Sell • Trade
Guns • Tools Electronics Jewelry
Knives- Ammo -Samper Stickers-Beverages-Tobacc Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner — CapcCSAie aol.com Treasurer, Alabama League of the South
Dark-of-night endangered species land grab exposed and defeated
Senate Bill #990, a massive expansion of the Endangered Species Act, hundreds of millions in new land acquisition, was exposed to the light of day for the first time in November with thousands of grassroots activists across the country saying, no way! And the U.S. Senate heard you loud and clear. S. 990 could not stand up to public scrutiny and wasn't brought up for a vote. The Senate having concluded its session for the year, S. 990 is where it belongs, in the dustbin. Sometimes democracy works.
This dark-of-night land grab promoted in the back rooms of Washington, D.C. by powerful environmental organizations sought to greatly expand their favorite law, the Endangered Species Act, convert more lands from private property to government ownership, and line their pockets with more, more and more grant money from taxpayers. S. 990 and other ideas to change the Endangered Species Act may come up again next year. But it should be done in the open. Take a look at the legislative history of S. 990, first approved by the Senate just before Christmas in 2001 after the last roll call vote of the year. Near midnight, and with no debate, it was voted through “by unanimous consent” — with three Senators present, everyone else having gone home to their states!
S. 990 then languished in the House of Representatives Resources Committee for eleven months. Property rights activists, having been caught unprepared by the Senate’s sneak action, wanted an open discussion about the Endangered Species Act in the light of day. But there were no hearings during these eleven months. Then, late in November 2002, Resources Committee Chairman James V. Hansen of Utah, who is retiring from Congress, got into “Legacy Mode.” He decided to create a legacy for himself at taxpayer expense. He stuffed S. 990 with pork projects for
Utah. These included the James V. Hansen Shoshone Trail, which cost $2 million, and construction of a visitor center at the Bear River Bird Refuge for SI 1 million, which upon completion would be named after -you guessed it — James V. Hansen!
In the wee hours of Friday morning, November 15, 2002, the second sneak attack was lauhthed. Hansen brought
A New World orderly by another name would corrupt as foully.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
As many know, I often write about both the Confederacy and the New World Order. The N.W.O. is known by some as the International Trade Cartel, or I.T.C. Whatever these internationalists are called, their pursuit of world control could almost be described as a type of religion.
Just as the objective of Jews, Christians, Muslims and others is to hopefully make their particular religion into the dominant belief of the world, those who direct the trade cartels look forward to the day when only their group's ideas control all.
That objective is passed from one age to the next, by generations, as is religion. Loyalty to the international brotherhood’s aim of complete control supersedes every pledge to any one faith or country, though many operatives falsely claim religious belief and patriotism to a particular land in order to achieve public support for certain goals and step by step advancement toward that global ideology.
There have been many, many nations and cultures destroyed by the international cartel. The one close to my heart is the Southern Confederacy. The Southern Self Sufficient Farm System prevented North America from being incorporated into the
S. 990 to the House floor and gained approval “by unanimous consent” - after nearly every congressman had gone home, at 2:35 am!
However, because it was changed in the House, the revised version of S. 990 now had to receive final approval by the Senate. Property rights activists had been burned twice, and would not be caught again!
Cartel. The War Between the States was fought to destroy the Southern Nation. But whom else have they destroyed over the decades?
■	Covenant Scotland: This small nation was attacked by the English branch of the ITC century after century, its land burned and its people killed and persecuted. Plaid, pipes, and Presbyterianism were outlawed. Many Scots fled to the American South.
■	The French Huguenots: Rejecting the Cartel’s king, the Huguenots formed a presbytery of independent businessmen and farmers. The Cartel’s king and priest came with words of goodwill and tolerance. When their words were believed, they issued orders to kill every Huguenot in the land. Hundreds of thousands were exterminated while many fled to Germany, South Africa, England, America and other countries.
■	Boer Republics: The two South African Boer republics independent of the Cartel were destroyed.
■	Russia: The Cartel which financed the Communist Revolution killed the king and his nobles plus 20-30 million Russian land and business owners, taking the ownerless assets in the name of the people. And now, under so-called capitalism, these assets are being privatised into Cartel hands.
■	Germany: General hatred of the Cartel led to the rise of Adolf Hitler. Hitler used
The “Big Green” enviro machine had only three days to get S. 990 through the Senate, which was already packed with a full agenda of other legislation. They could not risk an open debate, which would expose S. 990's flaws. They needed one more dark-of-night “unanimous consent” sneak attack to slide S. 990 through.
But it was not to be.
Cartel support (as they wrongly believed they could control him) to gain power and rebuild Germany. Hitler then broke off his alliance with Stalin and attacked Russia. Had Hitler and Stalin remained allies, as was first planned, the world would have come under complete N.W.O. domination in the 1940s. The German socialists tried to create their own version of the New World Order, but failed.
■	China: Independent feuding warlords ruled a nation whose land rested firmly in the hands of families. The I.T.C. bankers financed Mao, who then destroyed both warlords and land owners. The state took the land and industry in the name of the people. As in Russia, this property is now being privatised into Cartel corporations as a so-called move toward capitalism.
■	Yugoslavia: This was another example of a country divided and destroyed to place it into Cartel hands.
Other nations that have fallen under Cartel control are Japan, Korea, and Vietnam. The Cartel is currently fighting for the control of Indonesia, Algeria and the oil of the Middle East.
Our concern is Alabama. Many of us use the same Southern symbols our ancestors fought under in today's battle! This land may be theirs by reason of occupation, but we are not! Until next time, take care. Dixie Forever! - CapeCSA@aol.com
It was always about money and power, nothing new
12 The First Freedom December 2002
Recovering what’s ours
Patriot “act”
(Continued from page 4)
USAPA, a terrorist is loosely defined as anyone being “a representative of a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the Secretary of State/* and domestically, anyone engaging in “activities that -involve acts dangerous to human life that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States or of any state; appear to be intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion [emphasis added]...**
The inclusion of the word “appear*' leaves interpretation of the law wide open to subjectivity and personal whim, as anyone can rightfully claim something “appears** to be intended for a particular purpose. Note that our First Amendment right to gather in protest against what we
Terminal Phase
Everybody relishes a good fight If not Saturday afternoon football, another game will do. Even the crossword puzzler pits himself against par for the course. Few are so ardent as Davy Crockett, who kilt a b’ar, but we esteem a sane mind in a sound body. Liberal mediacrats alone refuse to admit this dictum. They would gladly bulldoze the mountain in order to come out on top.
God's law is universal equilibrium, not individual “equality” which hides from the contest. Utopian statutes cannot bypass such reality; one is forever reminded that it’s a battle for limited resources. There might have been ten thousandfold loaves and as many trophies, were a wall-to-wall carpet of human preserves desirable. But the higher mind prompts life rather than prison sameness, with bounds and natural rules temporarily satisfying a disputant’s physical or intellectual hunger. And no mortal can rescind or deny that principle.
Victory falls to the daring imagination, though of cool judgment; others divide the lesser booty as such remnants suffice. Why do we have this thoroughly disqualified communist challenge by media munchkins yet? So that today’s heroes, climbing out of the quagmire to a short respite and our next engagement, can put it under their heels.
With nothing new under the sun, let’s consider the bare elements of democracy, technology, and the present contest We redemptors propose a challenge. Let every nation and individual state, clan or tribe chart its own exploration there on the information horizon. No worldwide plan, thank you — steady as she goes! By modes available, or forever evolving in answer of market prayers, the empirical evidence will discover which society self-govems a truer course on this electronic stream. What better proof than how well the vote of each taxpaying, enfranchised citizen is tallied, recorded, confirmed and obeyed by democratic government?
Hope for honest administration. Indeed, require public servants to follow the law. Let all balloting be checked out online via a touchplate at home, and certified by both petitioners and legislature so that every legitimate opinion counts. What’s of most interest? Is there excessive or insufficient regulation? Where? Come, let the remedy be discussed, which problems each of us must resolve free of uninvited doctoring by a less bungling regime after leftists have yielded control of our communications.
In reminding those officers they enjoy only the powers constitutionally delegated by ourselves, we should value and exercise such responsibilities as are yet retained. A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed. Do not neglect this duty. Always be prepared, alert and informed.
And since we’ve crossed another bridge on entering the realm of a new technology, much remains to be probed. Arrived here at a boundless frontier of sequential wonders to be revealed as our capacity for progress matures, may each society inform others
may see as unjust government policies could easily fall under the concept of “influencing” government policy by “intimidation or coercion.”
Anyone participating in activist groups such as Greenpeace, Earth Liberation Front, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, or in protests like the 1999 demonstration in Seattle against the WTO could find himself suddenly stripped of his rights by the simple fact of being declared a “terrorist” in keeping with the definition of this law. Under section 803 of said Act, merely innocently giving food or shelter to a friend who may have been involved in any of the aforementioned activities could, in turn, have you incriminated and branded a “terrorist” as well.
The USA Patriot Act absolutely shreds to bits the Fourth Amendment Section 213 permits so-called “sneak and peek” searches. Translated, that means the gov-
ernment has the right to go into your home while you are away, copy your hard drive, files or whatever, gather and take any information or items they please without ever serving you notice, since “the execution of a warrant may have adverse effect.” They can then delay serving you notice for up to 90 days after the fact. These newfangled warrants can now be issued for a flimsy “reasonable cause,” further undermining the much more difficult to achieve “probable cause” stipulation of the Fourth Amendment.
Sections 216, 217 and 218 allow for unrestricted wiretapping, the tracing and spying on email messages and internet activities of anyone anywhere in the USA without the need to obtain a court order as long as “the information likely to be obtained... is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation.” How nebulous can that get? A lawyer of any worth
would be able to argue the “relevance” of anything to an unspecified “ongoing criminal investigation.” Kiss your protection from “unreasonable searches” goodbye and say hello to Big Brother USA.
If you think this law applies only to foreign nationals, think again. Jose Padilla, although by no means a model U.S.-born citizen, had his civil rights stripped from him this past May just by Ashcroft’s uttering the magic words, “enemy combatant” and “suspected terrorist.” To this day, no solid evidence has been produced to substantiate Ashcroft’s claims - neither bomb parts, nor bomb assembly instructions, nor any plans or maps of intended strike areas.
A “suspected terrorist,” according to section 412, needs only to be “certified” by the Attorney General on “reasonable grounds” that he “believes” someone to be engaged in terrorist activities.
(To be continued)
By Olaf Childress
Alabama awake!


iaswTMnr ravtspcmesi
on its continuing odyssey by example only.
Thus we’ll see who’s wisest and best. But don’t bet your last fiat dollar it has to be a people more interested in Monopoly money and sex than preserving history and culture. Which is why we must stay armed, spreading the truth of a growing tyranny’s machinations at home, preparing for online democracy. It will happen. And, I have to keep reminding you, this is not advocacy but admonition, a call for citizens to secure their property against money monopolists from above and the clueless beggar clients they’ve cultivated at the bottom. Whoever retains charge of these home terminals will determine government’s boundaries, if any. Hitler having promised each family in his reich a “people’s car” and a “people’s radio,” i.e., a Volkswagen and Volksfunk, we, luckily the forewarned, must embrace no Volkscomputer or implanted chip. My choices are freedom or death.
So let’s take another look at the internet, a worldwide phenomenon understood by nobody, exploited by many, yet waiting for its most logical employment: our veto power against such misguided policies as “exporting democracy” to people totally unprepared for even the theory, much less any constitution, of self-government
Alabama awake! Or accept eclipse by your betters; in which case, no shame for learning from them the rudiments of online balloting so long as not falling far behind a throng of promising alternatives. Know the folly of empire and the misery of serfdom. Regard the wisdom at home before foreign example. Be flattered should others follow, chastised when they move apart. It’s not for a flagship to bring up the rear.
Emperors are preordained to vice. True also of colonized states. Reaffirm the faith of your fathers, that ordinary men praying elsewhere than unto Caesar receive better guidance in private. “No!” cry the warlord bankers, “None but the enlightened know what’s best for all.” And, having printed mountains of paper notes on which we pay the interest they've used in buying up the media, their propaganda would have us distrusting our own judgment though never “representative” democracy, nor daring come near the thing itself.
But the idea persists somewhere in one’s mind as recollected legend: nature’s little man whose love for freedom combats the titan of low passions. A permanent victory to neither part, self-government cannot be destroyed any more than its opposite, only bluffed out during some interim until the principle for which our President Jefferson Davis struggled reasserts itself. Without commitment we are nothing, and have naught worthwhile to lose. So don't bother me with fears of a coming darkness, help build the bonfire I
Say, if the “last best hope” is elsewhere than Dixie, well then, power to them! No lowest common denominator imposed by world bankers but some nethermost tribal sovereignty may sling the deadly stone that lays cold this leviathan which was once fledgling America, upstart among nations.
hodgepodge of purists, outcasts and slaves.
Today’s electronic communications make easy work of compiling such data as keep the despot’s war room informed how much patriot unrest at any moment, where to pilfer another bill from our rights, and which lawmaker is to be momentarily nudged with whatever bit of intelligence. Hanging by a glass fiber, however, that Damoclean sword has tfto edges as he well knows.
Having been ruled under laws, not men, the story has it - except when the South grew unruly for being judged by foreigners - let tyranny be reminded: the same blade may again defy merely judgmental wars seeking to make “right” by force. For those same armchair banker-warriors, whose coveted system depends on bringing us to accept Volkscomputer terminals, are also being tracked..
They would arrest, with misinformation and carrot and stick, one's sovereignty and freedom; escort by the elbows all who sit in awe of their daily so-called “news” into a prison called paradise where misapplied language beckons accusations among the inmates anytime liberty fails to distribute poverty equally. There, the only way “up” is down; a certain kind of status tempting democracy’s dropouts. The less scrupulous specimens, available in a trice, are sent out among the living as spies and provocateurs with swelling heads for The Big Plan.
When I hear that spiel, they are asked to show me a single instance of their tyrant having performed as advertised.
Antebellum Alabama, in your mix of humanity, the complexity of which those accusers hadn’t at that time the foggiest notion, you turned every challenge to best advantage. Where had another land ever promised, and more completely delivered, such part as each individual could carve, no more nor less, just his equal deserts? When the Yankee intruder came peddling Africans our people didn’t want by setting democracy’s dropouts up on a plantation called paradise. New York’s booksellers forgot to inform their readers the average Alabamian had bought none of this Boston shipowner’s slaves. Nor could a Northern dominated Congress resist heavily taxing all Southern exports as one, with corporate cotton perniciously underselling the same from freeholders. Thus the native citizen was indentured to foreign industrialization no less than that Yankee's hominid cattle, both kinds of husbandmen yielding up half their labors to Caesar then as now.
Since today’s propaganda ministers are paid to keep it so, with “neoconservatives” hawking Lincoln’s “history,” don’t expect them to welcome any new contest. But we who love truth must move on, protecting the freedom of even such ones among us as neglect the burdens and responsibilities of democracy. Child fears and susceptibilities are not lessened with promises. Bestowing the vote merely recognizes, but does not create. maturity. Education and reason must be there first before an unrestricted franchise.
Let us avoid the big lie; decline its offer of refuge from our struggles in such false comforts as the usurer’s spidery embrace. Thomas Jefferson’s eternal vigilance means keeping what’s ours, refusing to be exploited by those who confiscate one-half our product and lend it back at interest. The vehicle - weapon, if you will - is here, it’s now; take advantage of the internet, fellow minuteraen.^Do not concede to that Zionist behind the curtain spying on everyone’s moves further powers to recruit students into his harem of politicians and pundits already under surveillance. The inevitable online privilege can only serve whoever puts forth the protocols of its constitution.
An enfranchised citizen’s quality is to have opinions, his duty to express them. So come join in earnest debate. Since, here at the thousand-year turn of this wheel truth remains the essence that sets men free, it's time for discovering how much reality our people can handle: thus, who will gain by electronic democracy whether authentic or so-called - the electorate or directorate.
Outflanking the latter (whose prostitute mediacracy no longer excites those worthy of suffrage), nations, tribes and clans must renew their native consensus in a new age dawning. Forget ancient laurels, glories of blemished raids, wars, forfeited colonies where more was exploited than returned, nature consigning shame alike on invader without credentials and victim community lacking sufficient means, the willpower or accord for self-defense.
Alabama, may you rise undiscouraged by ravages of old, be equal in this present moment, ridicule the dishonest media into oblivion and remind others of a trait called virtue. For you’re here, it’s now; let this challenge and the millennium witness our hope and prayer that we can resolve and implement such rules of enfranchisement as will have those voting public policy also pay the taxes for its fulfillment free of debt We shall wear the victor’s crown when our government answers to the democratic will of the electoral majority which underwrites its operations, guards against evasion by public executives and constitutes a body of satisfied taxpayers.
Good luck, find sport in fair challenge! Evolving circumstances will not favor any one place in the undertaking. Information banks are everywhere, the computer’s dual character language of 1 and 0 being equally available to a terminal in Burma as here. A pair of factors weigh heavily, one for and the other against these “united” states. Our habits of free enterprise which pioneered a world toward its potential, mass-produced regal accoutrements at popular prices and gave self-government new impetus, that spirit is still alive though under attack by the mediacracy. Such is the good news. But the helplessness generated by OSH A, HUD, HEW, and PCTV among our losers is the bad.
Everything hangs by a prayer, the truth of received information and the will to act on that knowledge. If you care for living in freedom, know its price: vigilance.