SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: First-time readers of alternate news, especially boob tube babies, may experience severe loss of confidence in the Establishment press and tube.
mm
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.” But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe’s wars.

In
two

Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state oites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 4 Number 6
http://www.gulftel.com/homeftee/
June 2002
Rebels continue pasting Heart of Dixie over that peecee car tag slogan
The new Alabama auto license tag sports a 100% misspelled state motto. We need to elect some better educated urepresentatives. ”
By Olaf Childress
This stuff continues falling on Alabama and it’s not stars. Here’s a clue. It stinks.
Many are either too timid or politically correct (same thing) to come right out and say what’s on their minds. Not Pat Godwin of Selma:
“The 1951 legislature didn’t fathom someone wouldn't feel proud to be from the heart of Dixie - they failed to specify the size of that logo and its location on the tag. They didn’t realize that, just 25 years later, the white legislators would be mollycoddling to a 25% black caucus... What they have done to the tag now is sleazy, even though it slid through on a technicality: that lack of defining, descriptive language in the act”
Since this story broke in our April issue, thousands of Alabamians have acquired the new retro-fit decals and covered up the “stars fell on” peeceeism, emotion child of a heartless “representative” “offended” by Heart of Dixie. Others wait for someone to assure them it’s permissible to be bold.
Before we consider the pertinent law, let us note that thousands of license plates already have the state motto, “Heart of Dixie,” and even the state name “Alabama” covered by license plate frames, e.g., the ones with chains around the edges. If those frames are legal, it’s hard to see how the sticker would not be. Additionally, these stickers have been purchased by policemen and at least one probate judge.
Pat Godwin didn’t wait for an excuse but went to the Heart of the matter, telling her friends: “John Reynolds of the Thomas Goode Jones SCV camp sent me a sticker today. It has a blue background with white heart on the left-hand side and reads in all caps: HEART OF DIXIE. He explains regarding the sticker’s legality, ‘The Motor Vehicle Division of the Revenue Department says all that is needed for the tag to be legal is that it display two stickers: month and year, current of course, and the numbers or letters; and that, by a 1951 Alabama Code, have Heart of Dixie (size not specified) on it I asked, if I did not like the stars fell on Alabama could I cover it with blue tape? and was assured. Of course! I then asked if I could cover it with blue tape reading Heart of Dixie, and was told. That
might be better. ”|
The same John Reynolds later added: “Retired Montgomery County Tax Assessor Marvin Driver, with over 25 years dealing with the county tax and probate offices, has purchased these stickers for his cars. Last night, [Ala.Rep.] Bob McKee asked about getting more, after I sent him one.”
Now, for all of us who are still worried whether it’s “all right” to explain the law to “representative” Alvin Holmes, let’s read it ourselves.
Alabama State Law on License Plates Section 32-6-54: “Tag to show heart and words ‘Heart of Dixie.’ Every license tag
or license plate issued by the State of Alabama for use on motor vehicles, in addition to any letters and figures prescribed by the Commissioner of Revenue, shall also have imprinted thereon a conventionalized representation of a heart and the words ‘Heart of Dixie.* The design of license tags or license plates shall be approved by the Commissioner of Revenue.”
Section 32-6-54.1: “Removal of‘Heart of Dixie' language. Notwithstanding the provision of Section 32-6-54, any organization that purchases a personalized, distinctive, or vanity license plate may request the Department of Revenue to not
place the language ‘Heart of Dixie* on his or her license plate.”
There, Heartless Holmes! Get a vanity tag to suit your personality and leave the rest of us alone. Everybody else, see bottom of page 6 to order your decals.
SPECIAL ELECTION EDITION See page 6 for bulk rate ordering this June 4 Primary flash advisory. Which conservative candidates should your precinct vote for? (Find out now, not after the “neo”conservatives sneak in and start raising your taxes again.
Riley responds to James with more dishonesty
MONTGOMERY, May 23 - Republican candidate for Governor Tim James has drawn attention to an outright falsehood in a campaign brochure mailed to Alabama
voters by Congressman Bob Riley.
When given an opportunity to come clean about his lie, Riley responded with further dishonesty.
TIM JAMES
FOR
GOVERNOR
CONSTITUTION
CHANGE THE GOVERNOR
SIGNS AVAILABLE AT KEEPOURRIGHTS ORG Em til ftyp@tltweb.com if you htve frontage on t highway for putting up t large Tim James sign. We ctn't stop Vincent Fox from becoming co-president, but let's determine who governs our sovereign state.
Due to the popularity of the Survivor shows, the Lone Star State is planning to do its own, entitled Survivor, Texas Style. The contestants will start in Dallas, travel to Waco, Austin, San Antonio, over to Houston, and down to Brownsville. They will then proceed up to Del Rio, on to El Paso; then to Midland, Odessa, Lubbock, and Amarillo. From there, they’ll proceed to Abilene, Ft. Worth and finally back to Dallas. Each will be driving a pink Volvo with a bumper sticker that reads, “I’m gay. I’m a vegetarian, I voted for A1 Gore, and I’m here to confiscate your guns!” The first one to make it back to Dallas alive wins. □
Amendment process illiterates to rewrite our laws?
The Eint Freedom
PO Box 385, Silverhill. AL 36S76 Email: homefree@gulftel.com Editor: Olaf Childress Correspondents: William J. Atkinson IV, Lloyd Caperton, Jane Doughty, Terri Fulton, Nick Jongebloed, Tim Meadows, Elwin Rozyskie, Linda Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Taylor, Nelson Waller, Ellen Williams, Tony Wilson.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Send $15.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S. (Bulk rates at bottom of page 6.)
Self-government begins at home. Citizens are free to guide the State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let your ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with web address is given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No responsibility assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show address and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
By Linda Sewell
Friends of the Flag 1 urge all Alabamians to support candidates, | who oppose rewriting our constitution. It is a fact that outside special interest groups and lobbyists would control the wording and the laws of our state. The whole reason for wanting a rewrite is in order for the politicians to be able to raise our taxes at the drop of a hat, without the vote of the good citizens of Alabama.
What has our current constitution done to hurt you or to violate any of your rights? Nothing. Exactly the point. It is not too old, not too cumbersome and not ill defined. The U. S. Constitution is older than that of Alabama yet there is no cry to rewrite it, simply because there’s nothing wrong with it. If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it!
And Alabama's grand constitution is not broke.
The U. S. Bill of Rights is a part of our Alabama Constitution. To rewrite it would mean placing these rights on the table for discussion. Which rights are you willing to give up for a “new” constitution? Freedom of speech? The right to bear arms? The right to a speedy trial?
A rewrite would possibly “omit” some of these rights, which we hold so dear.
I will oppose any candidate with an agenda to rewrite our constitution. The rewriting of the laws of Alabama will only benefit the few, and will do no more than increase taxes and legalize gambling.
Keep the constitution, gel rid of the
governor
As reported in the May 23 Decatur Daily, Bob Riley’s official spokesman explained the false brochure by saying: “What we’re saying in the flier is that Congressman Riley joined with others in an effort to pass the bill. It had a majority of votes but it didn’t have the required two-third votes.”
But the text of the brochure says: “In Congress, Bob Riley joined with James Dobson, Pat Robertson and other religious leaders to pass the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act.”
First of all, the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act failed to pass. Further, the brochure does not say Riley “joined with others in an effort,” or anything about the votes that were taken, as Riley now contends.
“First Riley mails out a campaign brochure to Alabama voters with a blatant lie in it,” James said today. “Now he is lying about what the flier itself says.
“A pattern is being established in the Riley campaign. On one hand they publicly thump the Bible, throw around well-known Christian leaders' names, and tout their Christianity. On the other hand, they are being blatantly dishonest The people of Alabama deserve to be told the truth.
“The truth is as follows: Riley says he opposes the expansion of gambling. The record shows otherwise.
“Riley voted to amend the internet gambling bill to carve out an exemption for the horse and dog racing industry.
“For any gambler, be thankful; Riley has defended your right to go to dog tracks like VictoryLand in Alabama and electronically bet on races from New York to California. In fact, the most recent bill that he sponsored would expand the off-track betting jurisdiction from the U.S. to anywhere in the world.
“The U.S. Department of Justice is officially on record as stating that the amendment that Riley voted for, and the subsequent bill that he sponsored, would lead to an increase, not a decrease, in internet gambling.
“To cap it all off, as a reward for defending gambling interests, Riley accepted two separate campaign contributions from the horse gaming lobby. This is the truth and the people deserve to know it.”
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP
□
A new League of the South chapter is having its organizational meeting June 8 at 6:00 pm in the Wynn Bldg., Ashland. AL. Open to the public. Please attend.
Weogufka, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
Cub Loans	1.251b.
Pawn • Buy	Farm Raised
Sell • Trade	“You Caleb
Cafflab
Guns • Toob	Confederate
Electronics	Skirls. Caps
Jewelry	Bek Buckles
All 6 flags
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Stickers • Beverages • Tobacco Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner — CapcCSA@aol.com Treasurer. Alabama League of the South
— A different slant on the news —
QKMISREPORTEP ELSEWHFRF
d the fine print before signing
EARTH CHARTER UNDONE. the first U.S. cities to endorse the “earth charter” a year ago, Sanibel, Florida, was among the first to retract its endorsement Forty-two citizens and five former mayors having signed an open letter published in a local newspaper demanding its recission, the chamber was packed when three of the five council members voted to rescind the endorsement admitting they had not read the document before voting to endorse it. Promoted by former Soviet dictator Mikhail Gorbachev, the document says it's necessary to guarantee the right to potable water, clean air, food, uncontaminated soil, shelter and safe sanitation, all reallocated by an ICC-empowered “united nations.**
A PINK TRIANGLE was to be worn for the day by students at Lakeland College, Ohio to symbolize “gay pride.** But this class project in criminal justice turned sour for one college senior. Told to wear the pink triangle around school for one day and then write about the experience, he confronted his teacher. “I asked,A What if a student were to feel uncomfortable with this; would there be an alternate assignment?*** She said no. He got an F and faced expulsion. So why wasn't the student offered a backup assignment? Lakeland administrators said that's part of classroom policy, they broke no rules. But, once NewsChannel5 intervened, the student's teacher gave this college senior a written apology and the requirement was waived.
JESSE JACKSON’S effort to strike the lawsuit alleging he and others committed assault and battery against Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson following a Toyota diversity meeting sponsored by Jackson four months earlier has failed. In hearings on April 17 and April 23, Los Angeles Superior Court ruled the lawsuit will move forward, which alleges Jackson and several co-defendants surrounded and assaulted Rev. Peterson while “calling him nigger** as they taunted and harmed him. Discovery in the case is expected to begin in June. James Marshall of Judicial Watch’s Western Regional Headquarters in San Marino, CA presented the argument on behalf of Rev. Peterson.
“NICK NEWS'* HAS ODD VIEWS. Cable channel Nickelodeon plans to air a show promoting homosexuality to kids. This Sunday evening “news magazine,** geared to children ages 8-13, will talk of “homosexual families,’’ middle school children and “anti-discrimination’’ laws. Nick News is also shown in classrooms across the country as a part of “Gable in the Classroom.** Traditional Values Coalition has posted a petition for you at www.conservativepetitions.com/peti-tion.htmtfname^top^ickelodeon to Nickelodeon President Herb ScannelL But don't bet the mediacracy cares what you think. Disconnect these desperate “gays’* and home school your children!
NOT GOVERNMENT’S BUSINESS. 15,000 have signed a Public Proclamation for the Separation of School and State. It calls for ending government involvement in education. Scores of religious leaders have endorsed the proclamation, ranging from Dr. D. James Kennedy and Dr. Tim LaHaye to Fr. John A. Hardon, S J., and Rabbi Daniel Lapin. Others can be seen at: www.sepschool.oig/vipList html#protestant www.sepschool.org/vipList html#catholic www.sepsch00l.0rg/vipListhtmJ#LDS and www.sepschool.org/vipList.htmi#jewish.
CAN’T CENSOR DIXIE. The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has told the Commonwealth of Virginia they cannot deny the Sons of Confederate Veterans their SCV license plates logo. The unanimous ruling was, according to Virginia Division SCV Commander Heniy E. Kidd, “a great victory for all
| enters and Americans ... No one knew at that time that the legislators would strike our logo from the bill, but when they did, they violated our constitutional rights. 1 want to also thank Past Commander Red Barbour for suing the state on behalf of the Virginia Division. It has been a long road, but we have cleared every obstacle thrown in our path. The South has risen again! God save the South!”
NO, NO, MEXICO. In a stunning defeat for supporters of open borders and non-enforcement of laws against illegal immigration, the House Appropriations Committee has defeated an effort to make Section 245(i) permanent. The effort was made as the full Appropriations Committee was marking up the fiscal year 2002 Supplemental Appropriation.
DIDN’T GET IT. His lottery bill “for the children” having been resoundingly defeated in a 1999 voter referendum, Gov. Don Siegelman wants to give us yet another chance to fund education with hocus-pocus. Siegelman campaigned on such a platform in 1998. Although he won the election and helped push through the Legislature his proposed constitutional amendment to authorize gaming, its rejection by the people seems to have been lost on him.
RAPS PRO-SEMITISM. A petition now circulating would expose the “Kosher Nostra” certification racket. Calling for legislation that would have food companies clearly print on labels the meanings of (U), (K) and other “kosher” symbols and require the total amounts of monies being paid to the rabbis for protection made public, it asks the Food and Drug Administration to cease covering for this scam and do its job of protecting the American consumer. See www.petitiononline.com/kashruth/peti-tjonJitml to sign the petition.
TENNESSEANS ARE FIGHTING a proposed state income tax again. A Nashville radio talk show host helped to organize a protest in that city. Citizens carried signs and cars circled the capitol and continuously honked their horns. They did the same thing two years ago and defeated the tax. Will they be able to do it again? No more taxes!
NOTHING LIKE A GOOD TAX REVOLT. Three tax proposals that would have increased local funding for Elmore County public schools were defeated in a special election Tuesday, May 14. Athens residents on the same day voted down a 12-mill ad valorem tax proposed to raise SI.3 million annually for Athens City Schools. The tax would have increased the millage rate to 17 mills within the Athens city limits. It failed, with 2,833 against and 670 voting in favor. As long as legislators such as Sen. Hank Sanders and Rep. John Hilliard use Alabama tax funds as their personal ATMs to fund their families, there should be a tax revolt at every opportunity.
’TWAS BUT DAYS BEFORE XMAS as, round the State Tree, no Bama flag wanted by His Majesty; when, out on the lawn, there arrived that banner -Siegelman's Gestapo jailed the whole matter. End of story? No, Wyatt Willis of Prattville, having suffered bodily harm while being arrested for waving an Alabama flag where only U.S. flags were wanted, on May IS filed suit against Gov. Siegelman, state Finance Director Henry Mabry, Capitol Police Sgt P.C. Callahan and Lt John McClenney. The suit demands S100,000 from each of these defendants.
SPURNED BY ANGELS. An unsought endorsement of Gov. Don Siegelman on May 19 by the state's black powerhouse.
the Alabama Democratic Conference, had a frenetic Rep. Alvin Holmes shouting as he resigned from the ADC’s executive board, that he “wouldn’t support Don Siegelman for governor if Martin Luther King, Jr. came down from heaven and landed on Mount Zion and told me to.” Holmes blames Chairman Joe Reed for nominating Siegelman, though “The Don” missed a committee interview normally required to deserve that endorsement.
IT’S THE ACCOUNTING, STUPID. Alabama ranks 8th in the nation in state dollars spent on education per student. In fact, the Education Trust Fund (ETF) has grown by SI billion since 1987. But, last year alone, the legislature took more than $200 million out of the ETF and spent it on non-education items “We do not need a lottery, a re-write of the constitution, more taxes or the Lt. Governor’s new accounting gimmick,” said Republican gubernatorial candidate Tim James. “I will veto any bill from the legislature that takes money from the Education Trust Fund and spends it on non-education items. What we need is a Governor who will say the most seldom used word in Montgomery: ‘No.’

BOMBER BUSH is busy elsewhere. Will the bankers and arms manufacturers honor El Dubya with a new title, maybe Asianus? That would be fitting, since we have only local police to defend America’s borders in place of the missing federal military - whose one legitimate purpose is defending America’s borders. As Mexico’s multitudes set up their own government on American soil, communist states openly occupy our American-built Panama Canal and the subversive media celebrate traitor Jane Fonda as “Woman of the Year,” on May 23rd a contingent of Chinese swam ashore after having been dropped off boats that had smuggled them here from China. They were captured by Los Angeles and Newport Beach Police,"1 as Washington'* megalomaniacs continued carving up the foreign world on their electronic sitmaps. Unlike previous landings by Chicoms with AK-47 assault weapons to be distributed to pre-9-11 terrorists, these had towed ashore waterproof bags containing suits and ties. Who knows what their plans? The real world is disintegrating right under our feet. O tempora, O imperium novumI
DRYBACKS WANT WATER. A pair of Yuma attorneys have filed a claim against two federal agencies calling for S41 million to compensate the families of 11 illegal immigrants who died of thirst while crossing from Mexico to Arizona. The U.S. government, it’s said, should’ve provided water out in the desert - they had rights. Will “El Dubya” now declare a “War on Aridity”? Probably not; just continue the one against us taxpayers.
WETS BED WITH TEARS. Chairman Parks Helms of the Mecklenburg County, NC Commission changed his mind last month on honoring Confederate heritage. Having said he would call for declarations of May as Confederate History Month and May 10 as Confederate Memorial Day, after Democrat Helms heard from the peecees, “This is a perfect example of good intentions that are misunderstood,” he was quoted by the Charlotte Observer. “1 saw absolutely no harm in it when I saw it. It was an innocuous resolution of the kind we typically do at every meeting. I just did it without giving it adequate thought. In hindsight, I probably should have circulated it among some of the board members ... I made this bed, and I’ll have to sleep in it.”
CALLING “EL DUBYA.” Terrorists here! When you gonna start bombing Mexico “back to the stone age”? The Denver Post says that on the night of May 17 a Mexican army “military incursion”
PHOTO BY OLAF CHILDRESS
Alabama SCV 2nd Lt. Commander Joseph Wyatt Willis underwent surgery on May 17 for his wrist Having suffered injury when he was arrested for carrying an Alabama State Flag on the Capitol steps in Montgomery, Alabama, Wyatt has been under a lot of pain since that false arrest and is presently suing for considerable damages. Our prayers go with you. Brother Wyatt, and we pray for a quick recovery. Your spot on the front lines is vacant but we are holding it for you.
into a remote area of southern Arizona was spotted near Ajo by a U.S. agent As he attempted to leave the area, the rear window of his vehicle was apparently shattered by gunfire, said Lori Haley, an Immigration and Naturalization spokeswoman confirming the incident The agent was leaving the area “in order to avoid a confrontation” with three Mexican soldiers in a Mexican Humvee, she said. Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-Colo., says U.S. officials believe the incursions are related to drug trafficking.
IF DUBYA BOMBS PANAMA, he and former President Jimmy Carter should lead the mission. Back in 1977, when Carter was pushing the U.S. Senate to adopt his Panam^ QmgJ Treaty handing our strategic waterway to tffe~~ Pzmarmmiaro,-KOmkna Thomas Moorer warned that the Russians and other communist powers would fill the vacuum. Already the Hong Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa, a company with close ties to the Chinese government, has ports at both ends of the canal. Now we hear that Russian and Chinese companies are bidding to take control of Howard Air Force Base, a former U.S. military outpost situated near the canal. Howard Phillips, head of the Conservative Caucus, having just returned from a fact-finding tour there says Panamanian officials told him that two Russian companies and two Chinese companies are bidding for control of Howard Air Force Base. God help us
SEVERAL WEEKS after the Sept 11 attacks, groups of foreign nationals from Arab countries that sponsor and harbor terrorists were allowed to waltz into a major international airport on visas to attend flight schools. The FBI, despite concerns expressed by INS agents, chose not to detain them even for questioning. They were allowed to enter, “business as usual, as if Sept. 11 never happened,” one INS agent said. They then enrolled in a flight school run by a wealthy Middle Eastern man who lives in Arlington, Texas. In fact, half the flight schools at Fort Worth Meacham International Airport are run by Middle Easterners, according to airport records reviewed by WorldNetDaily. In October, 14 Syrian men entered the U.S. through Dallas-Fort Worth to attend flight schools in Fort Worth. Syria is on the State Department’s terrorist blacklist. Planes from the Syrian national airline are banned from entering the U.S. The men further alarmed INS because they arrived in two groups, clean-shaven and in their mid-20s, as were most of the 19 hijackers. Are our “leaders” insane? L
Greetings Please join us Saturday June 1,2002 10:00 am Alabama State Capital Building Montgomery, Alabama
A Historical Reenactment The Inauguration of Jefferson Davis
As President of the Provisional Government of the
Confederate States of America
“Hanoi Jane” Fonda poses in a North Vietnamese anti-aircraft battery, Hanoi, 1968
Honoring a traitor
This is for all the kids born in the 70s that do not remember, didn 7 have to bear the burden that our fathers, mothers, older brothers
and sisters suffered.
Jane Fonda is being honored as one of the “100 Women of the Century.”
Unfortunately, many have forgotten and countless others have never known how Ms. Fonda betrayed not only the idea of our country but specific men who served and sacrificed during Vietnam.
The first part of this is from an F-4E pilot The pilot's name is Jerry Driscoll, a River Rat In 1968, the former Commandant of the USAF Survival School was a POW in Ho Lo Prison - the “Hanoi Hilton.” Dragged from a stinking cesspit of a cell, cleaned, fed, and dressed in clean PJs, he was ordered to describe for a visiting American “Peace Activist" the “lenient and humane treatment" he'd received. He spat at Ms. Fonda, was clubbed and dragged away.
During the subsequent beating, he fell forward upon the camp commandant's feet which sent that officer berserk. In *78, the AF colonel still suffered from double vision (which permanently ended his flying days) from the Vietnamese colonel's frenzied application of a wooden baton. From 1963-65, Col. Larry Carrigan was in the 47FW/DO (F-4Es). He spent six years in the “Hilton" - the first three of which he was “missing in action." His wife lived on faith that he was still alive. His group, too,
got the cleaned, fed, clothed routine in preparation for a “peace delegation" visit
They, however, had time and devised a plan to get word to the world that they still survived. Each man secreted a tiny piece of paper, with his SSN on it in the palm of his hand. When paraded before Ms. Fonda and a cameraman, she walked the line, shaking each man's hand and asking little encouraging snippets like: “Aren't you sorry you bombed babies?" and “Are you grateful for the humane treatment from your benevolent captors?" Believing this had to be an act, they each palmed her their sliver of paper.
She took them all without missing a beat. At the end of the line and once the camera stopped rolling, to the shocked disbelief of the POWs, she turned to the officer in charge and handed him the little pile of papers. Three men died from the subsequent beatings. Col. Carrigan was almost number four but he survived, which is the only reason we know about her actions that day.
Here's another 7b whom it may concern:
“I was a civilian economic development advisor in Vietnam, and was captured by the North Vietnamese communists in South Vietnam in 1968 and held for over five years. I spent 27 months in solitary confinement, one year in a cage in Cambodia, and one year in a 'black box' in Hanoi. My North Vietnamese captors deliberately poisoned and murdered a female missionary, a nurse in a leprosarium in Ban me Thuot, South Vietnam, whom I buried in the jungle near the Cambodian border.
Sign NRA petition at www.PetitionOnIine.com/freega
Flaggin’ King Roy
KMAvrif
As stbte legislators who voted to replace Georgia *s flag temporarily with the JeSSe JackSon rag opt out of their races, patriots hosting those "flaggin9 demos99 trumpet weekly: "Another turncoat bites the dust!99
By Bradford Isbell
Stale Chairman, Southern Party of Georgia www.spofga.org
The National Rifle Association will make no endorsement until October, but it's quite true the King- Georgia Governor Roy Barnes - has an A+ rating with them. And even though they are a single-issue group, their endorsement carries a lot of weight with voters. But just because the endorsement won't come until October doesn't mean you can't do something now. How many of you arc members of the NRA? You should start contacting, with passion and perseverance, the NRA
coordinators: the state leadership, the NRA-ILA and the national organisation. This is what they need to hear:
■	Georgia Senate Bill 385 as introduced on behalf of the governor would allow him to limit or suspend sales of firearms during a declared public health emergency.
■	If Mr. Barnes is reelected he will be a lame duck (two term limit), unconcerned about running again, and could use those powers as governor to pay back his very liberal, anti-gun constituency in Atlanta.
■	Governor Barnes may be a candidate for the 2004 Democratic Presidential race. There is a real danger he could use the next two years, if reelected, to engage ina move further left on many issues including gun rights to appease the liberals. Voters in Democratic primaries don't respond to NRA-endorsed candidates. For political expediency, he could abandon the NRA.
■	Governor Barnes' greatest disservice to the NRA was his extreme partisanship in
or m momh
“King Roy" Barnes
the General Assembly's redistricting. The Georgia delegation currently has an 8-3 Republican majority, its eight Republicans having consistently demonstrated support for the NRA and the Second Amendment. Democrat Sanford Bishop has shown tepid support for the NRA. Democrats John Lewis and Cynthia McKinney are vehemently anti-gun. Through Barnes' interference, the new districts include two new ones drawn to favour the Democrats. The new delegation will be 7-6 in favour of the Democrats. His actions will cost the NRA
June 2002 The First Freedom 3
two reliable votes in the House. Sax by Chambliss will run for Senate because of the Roy Barnes map. Bob Barr and John Linder are forced to run against each other in the new 7th district Either way, one of these gentlemen will lose, which is a loss for the NRA. The four new congressmen from the new Democratic-leaning districts could be all over the spectrum on Second Amendment issues, certainly not as strong as the current eight Republicans. With the House hinging on six seats, Roy Barnes has provided the Democrats a tremendous boost toward that goal. A Democratic House will have as Speaker ultra-liberal Dick Gephardt. Its Judiciary Committee will fall to ultra-liberal and anti-gun John Conyers. The last Democratic House gave us the Brady Bill and Assault Weapons Ban. Although Mr. Barnes is allegedly “pro-gun,” his redistricting actions go far beyond the borders of Georgia.
Ladies and gentlemen, contact the NRA at www.nra.org or their lobbying part at ila-contact@nrahq.org and explain why it makes little sense to support King Roy. You do not need to mention the flag issue specifically; the NRA cares nothing about that, only facts that impact directly on the 2nd Amendment By your acting on this, you can wage a major preemptive strike at King Roy's campaign. The NRA endorsed him in 1998, but if they refuse to do so this year it will be a major blow.
Sponsored by: Sophie Bibb Chapter No. 6S U.D.C. & Gen. Edmund Pettus Camp No. S74 S.C.V.
“At one time, I was weighing approximately 90 pounds. (My normal weight is 170.) We were Jane Fonda’s 'war criminals.*
“When Jane Fonda was in Hanoi, I was asked by the camp communist political officer if 1 would be willing to meet with Jane Fonda. I said yes, for I would like to tell her about the real treatment we POWs received - different from the treatment purported by the North Vietnamese, and parroted by Jane Fonda, as 'humane and lenient.' Because of this, 1 spent three days on a rocky floor on my knees with outstretched arms holding a large amount of steel placed on my hands, and was beaten with a bamboo cane till my arms dipped.
“I had the opportunity to meet with Jane Fonda for a couple of hours after I was released. I asked her if she would be willing to debate me on TV. She did not answer me.
“This does not exemplify someone who should be honored as part of' 100 Years of Great Women.' Lest we forget... ‘ 100 years
of great women' should never include a traitor whose hands are covered with the blood of so many patriots. There are few things I have strong visceral reactions to, but Hanoi Jane's participation in blatant treason is one of them."
Please pass this on to as many as you can. She needs to know that we will never forget. Jane Fonda contrived to get more Americans killed than did Hitler or any other person of their standing.
PO+44 iJtWltiil
The First Freedom
P+44 m4 ccf*ii la yam	4+ IUy
UjwU*4 fatfrj •». fr« +*t+lltf+t	f+tSU+l+W.
homefree@guNtel.com
fat'* tri MMX itllcU**
hot, X hotter’n 4* hottest One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce
+ $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-9634397
PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555
The real consensus
Mike Dow and Fidel Castro see dire results without their wisdom
Can the producers secede from the slurpers* Mayor DowT Oh yes* and institute new government.
By Nick Jongebloed
In many of today fc mast successful communities. the voters and elected leadership have ensured that their cities are well managed, financially strong, and prepared to meet the challenges of the future, by adopting the council-manager form of government and establishing the position of a professional city manager.
The above is a quote from a recent Op-ed piece published in the Mobile Register and written by Mr. Bill Hansell, Executive Director, International City/County Management Association (www.kma.ora). One may ask what is the basis for such a statement There are many, but the latest proof was recently published in Forbes magazine's list of the 200 best metropolitan areas to do business. Mobile was rated 146, rather pathetic for a city that has outstanding natural assets: ocean port, interstate highways, air and rail services plus several excellent colleges and universities.
The Mobile Register republished that Forbes list For many years, March Against Crime has been a strong advocate for the initiative and referendum process and the council-manager form of municipal/ county government We are members of ICMA. the professional and educational organization for administrators and assistant administrators serving 3700 cities and 370 counties. Professional management is an option in the 1985 law that authorized establishment of the Mobile mayor- council form. The law specifies that, if a petition signed by I OH of the number of voters in the last city election request a referendum, then one must be called. If the citizens then vote for a three-commissioners-by-district form, that commission shall no later than thirty days following its searing appoint a city administrator who will be the chief administrative officer of the city overseeing the financial, budget, purchasing, planning, public works and safety functions of city government No citizens* group has been able to gather the necessary petitions primarily because entrenched politicians and high-powered city business leaders, using city tax dollars contributed to the Chamber of Commerce, have challenged, using taxpayer dollars, every move to permit the citizens an opportunity to vote.
There is another Alabama law, titled the Council Manager Act of 1982, which permits a referendum on council-manager with the same 10H petition (Act 82-517).
It mandates a five-member council, one of them being the mayor elected at large, a second council member elected at large, and three elected by district The council would then hire a city manager with the same duties as above.
For proof that the council-manager form is the superior municipal government model, one has only to examine the Forbes list Nine of the first ten cities/counties in the Forbes report have a council-manager form of government As for as the four Southern states in those top 100 listed, Florida boasts ten, eight of which have the council-manager form, Alabama just one (Huntsville, not a council-manager form). Mississippi shows zero in the top 100, and Georgia one (Atlanta, there the council-manager form). In further checks of the best business-area cities and those with council-manager, data from the ICMA Directory reveal the following: Of the top thirty cities in that Forbes list of 200, only five do not have the council-manager form: Boise City, Idaho #6, Reno, Nevada # 22,Fayettevilic, Arkansas I 23, Tampa, Florida #25 and Washington, D.C. #26.
One activity having certainly gotten the attention of the powers-that-be in Mobile is the effort to establish a new city with the council-manager form of government, the proposed city of West Mobile -www.citvofwestmobile.com. This move
has attracted the wrath of the mayor as well as key members of his executive staff, who attack the concept and predict dire results for those citizens opting for a new city. Unfortunately, much of the rhetoric put forth by these special interests is at best misleading, and pure scaremongering at worst
There are many flourishing towns on the outskirts of major cities. One of hundreds is Golden Vslley, MN, population 21,000, located five miles west of downtown
This city has a council-manager form of government with a professional manager to carry out the policies of the elected governing body, same as proposed for West Mobile. And Golden Valley’s overall budget is several million dollars less than the expected revenues for the new city of West Mobile.
Efforts by paid employees on Mobile Mayor Mike Dow's staff and others on a taxpayer-furnished salary to denigrate and scare citizens wishing simply to vote on this question of a new city is similar to what former President Carter encountered during his recent trip to Cuba. He wanted Castro to let his people vote, since in the
Cuban Constitution there is a provision called the Varela Protect where if 10,000 people sign a petition, a national election must be called to vote on said petition. Castro has ignored the petition up to this time. Sounds like what has happened in Mobile these recent months, regarding such moves as petitioning for change. Perhaps this “Sister City** infliction has spread from Havana to Mobile; certainly our officials have been exposed to it often enough there.
It's obvious the form of government plays a critical role over time in attracting business growth. Successful CEOs know that managing the complex administration of a modem city requires the same level of experience and diverse skills as necessary to a major commercial enterprise. But few residents understand this connection, and career/entrenchcd politicians are not going to educate them on this reality.
It's this last point that I would like to make clear to my readers living in Mobile County. For a city that runs smoothly and within budget, where essential services are provided efficiently and effectively, and infrastructure improvements are made as needed, there's a vital connection between
how a city is operated and its attraction of business and careers. You citizens have an opportunity under current Alabama law to demand a vote on the council-manager form: that being the Council Manager Act of 1982. One might hope local civic group leaders throughout Mobile will come forth and organize a petition drive under this law allowing citizens to vote for a form of government indicated by the Forbes survey far superior to what Mobile has today: a divisiveness that’s in constant turmoil. What business CEO would bring his organization into such chaos? Ranking 146th among America's 200 largest cities as Best Places for Business and Careers will not cut it.
Initiative is the right of citizens to propose lows, or constitutional amendments, for approval (or rejection) by the voters.
“I believe in the Initiative ands Referendum, which should be used not to destroy representative government, but to correct it whenever it becomes misrepresentative.**
— Teddy Roosevelt
“There it no safer depository of the ultimate power of society but the people themselves.**	-	Thomas	Jefferson
Is Alabama to become “all dolled up”?
Con the people of A Utboma send this Disneyland History Designer back to Wisconsin? We think so.
By Jane Doughty
Aurora, NY, is a small town (population 720) on the east shore of the forty-mile long Cayuga Lake. Stately old homes overlook the lake and most of the buildings of the village are on the National Register of Historic Places. Described as a “charming** town, the residents are devoted to doing their jobs. The village is home to Wells College, a liberal arts school for women. At present the village is not overrun with tourists and most town folks want to keep it that way.
But a group has prepared a long-term Master Plan for the renovation and sprucing up of many of the treasured properties. The plan has become controversial. The driving force behind the project is Pleasant Rowland, resident of Madison, Wisconsin and alumna of Wells College. She is also the wealthy founder and former CEO of the Wisconsin-based Pleasant Company, which produces the American Girt series of historical books, dolls, clothing and toys - products which reprocess historical facts.
Ms. Rowland has also formed, with some leaders of the college, a limited-liability corporation which they call the Aurora Foundation - for the purpose of buying, renovating and redecorating treasured town properties. The foundation members are interested in a competitive situation for the college, and they envision this as new dollars for the town.
Another group, consisting of Aurora residents and Wells alumnae, has formed a coalition to guard the interpretation of their town’s history and enable citizens lo have control of the future of their town. Named the Aurora Coalition, this group plans on filing suit to prevent the Aurora Foundation endeavors. The National Trust for Historic Preservation, along with the Preservation League of New York State, has joined the local coalition in this lawsuit because they see Aurora as a place to take a stand on a national preservation problem. A spokesman for the Preservation League explains: “Local governments do not always follow state laws where historic districts are concerned — we have difficulty getting local officials to pay attention to this when they’re busy chasing dollars. And, when someone challenges a local ruling, the courts often tell them that they don't have —tiding to file a lawsuit**
The Aurora Foundation had, under the direction of Ms. Rowland, purchased a focal pottery/home-furnishings factory at
bankruptcy court Now the factory grounds have been transformed into a fantasy farm. Quite a few Aurora residents fear theirs will become a “fantasy** village.
Many Wells College faculty, students and alumna are very displeased with a Master Plan endorsed in the fall of 2000 which radically changes the historic buildings and settings of the college. More than 800 signed a petition opposing the plan, calling it “so ill-conceived as to endanger the figure viability of the college.**
Unfortunately, in Alabama this story sounds much more than vaguely familiar. Right in Alabama's own yard, several of these very same aspects are currently at work! Here’s the Alabama story.
In 1999, Alabama's state Historical Commission received a new executive director who, curiously enough, was educated in Pleasant Rowland’s resident state of Wisconsin. After some reshuffling of the Alabama Historical Commission’s (AHC) staff employees and the exit of a few others, the total number of staff employees increased dramatically. An international economics research firm, from an office in Washington, D.C. was retained to study the 17 Alabama state properties under AHC’s jurisdiction. The report produced by this firm is supposed to instruct Alabama on methods for turning the state’s historical and archaeological treasures into glitzy meccas of the tourist trade, making them more competitive for that profitable traffic and in turn increasing revenues for the AHC. In the process, this firm is suggesting “branching out** and discovering additional history for the properties, in many cases to create a focus “different** from traditional state history.
Another interesting correlation is that of Ms. Rowland’s Aurora Foundation with the recently incorporated (November I, 2001) Alabama Historical Commission Foundation. This AHC Foundation has been labeled by such terms as “non-profit corporation,** “side-by-side corporation,** “Citizen Support Organization,** and “transparent corporation.** It is the result of an idea which has been vigorously pursued since his arrival by this current AHC executive director with the help of a few of the Historical Commissioners. The main function of the foundation appears to be collecting substantial sums as “gifts'* from donors who may legally choose lo remain anonymous. These funds will be collected and controlled by a few of the current AHC commissioners: those who are the “directors’* of the foundation. The funds will presumably be used for state historical
properties, other expenses deemed desirable by AHC “directors,” etc., with no citizen or
legislative oversight. Most disturbingly, these funds are to be utilized for Alabama historical properties exempt from slate laws. That is, the AHC will not be requited to observe normal bid rules, etc. Haven't the citizens of Alabama had enough of out-of-control, government-related nonprofit corporations and their seemingly endless misappropriations of funds? Must we now hand over our state historical treasures to such as this?
Many Alabamians are becoming alarmed - as have the citizens of Aurora, the “Pleasant Rowland village” - that our historical properties arc being set up to become a fantasy-land, “All Dolled Up," “historical reinterpretation” compliments of Wisconsin's and Washington, D.C.'s new concepts. (Remember those plans for a Budweiser light show for Ft. Morgan?) The complete “Aurora story” is found in an article entitled “All Dolled Up” in the May/June 2002 issue of Preservation, the magazine of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. You will be fascinated (or, more likely, infuriated) reading this article if you substitute for the appropriate Aurora entities the state of Alabama, the AHC and its management, the Alabama Historical Commission Foundation; or any and all of those 17 Alabama Historical Properties for the various village properties mentioned in the Aurora article.
By county, current Alabama Historical Properties under AHC jurisdiction art: Greyhound Bus Station (Montgomery); Belle Mont (Colbert); Bottle Creek (Baldwin); Old Cahawba (Dallas); The Capitol (Montgomery); Confederate Memorial Park (Chilton); Dr. Francis Office (Calhoun); FendaJI Hall (Barbour); Ft Mims (Baldwin); Ft. Morgan (Baldwin); Ft, Toulouse/Jackson (Elmore); Gaineswood (Marengo); Magnolia Grove (Hale); Middle Bay Lighthouse (Mobile Bay); Teague House/Rice-Semple-Haardt House Complex (Montgomery); and Wheeler Plantation (Lawrence).
When heading to the polb on June 4, take this issue of The First Freedom right along with you. Whom can you trust? This genuine conservative newspaper!
CONSERVATIVE
CANDIDATES
FIND THEM AT
■CCofALogg
and www.al-ra.oro
am seen
ALsazea
— Alabama —
June 2002 The Pint Freedom 5
A little background on Thomas Goode Jones
More discussion of the Thomas Goode Jones SCV Camp and the Montgomery City SeaL
By Nelson Waller The following web page gives a most interesting window on Alabama history and the true legacy of Gov. Thomas Goode Jones: www.bu.edu/historic/abstracts/Ab-stract-AucoifLhtm Here a major New England university looks at Gov. Jones and the post-War period through 1914. It seems clear Gov. Jones was a down-to-earth reformer who took the needs of both blacks and whites quite seriously after the War and into the early part of the 20th century. His approach disappointed both “Radical Republicans** and “Yellow Dog Democrats** of the day, but he certainly would not have approved the concept of “civil rights** which prevails at this time and drives propaganda offensives such as the one before us.
The Governor's son. Judge Walter B. Jones, was my grandfather’s second cousin. He compiled a collection of “Confederate War Poems’* which is still sold in our circles. He fought the NAACP from the bench during the “civil rights’* era itself and in effect decreed that no matter what was happening in the streets of Montgomery or any other city there would be no
“civil rights** revolution in his courtroom -meaning of course radical black militant tenor tactics, the real-world definition of “civil rights’* as we have come to know it in the age of Black Panthers, Jesse Jackson and “Affirmative Action.** Judge Jones's heroic story is partly told in the liberally-slanted book. Fifty-eight Lonely Men.
Judge Jones has been widely regarded as the true heir to the T.G. Jones tradition of Americanism. Among his other accomplishments he wrote a regular column in The Montgomery Advertiser Following is a sample from 40 years ago which shows another angle of what the “civil rights’* revolution (today's war on the Montgomery City Seal) is really all about 1 would like to challenge anyone in favor of redefining the City of Montgomery in “civil rights'* terms to demonstrate that the judge, the governor or any other of their illustrious line would likely have agreed with it (including TAJ’s father, Samuel Goode Jones, a pioneer railroad builder of the South)....
“Off the Bench**
(column by Judge Jones, ca. 1960)
The killing in a Montgomery cemetery near Troy on May 23, last, of a 43-year-old man who walked into an Ozark bank and murdered in cold blood two bank officials and who later on murdered a policeman, brought death to a man who richly
deserved it.
As we read in the newspaper accounts of his attempt to rob the bank and of his three murders, we are reminded that at the Common Law, and Alabama is largely a Common Law state, there was a thing called “hue and cry.” This was a loud outcry with which robbers and murderers were anciently pursued, and which all who heard it were bound to take up and join in the pursuit until the criminal was taken. If the murderer cannot otherwise be taken, he may be killed. And so this pursuit of the Ozark murderer and bank robber was something like the old “hue and cry** of the Common Law. The officers of the law, and those who aided them, and who risked their lives to capture the murderer deserve the commendation and praise of all law-abiding citizens. There is another thought which comes to me in this connection and it is that the killing of this murderer will save Alabama many, many thousands of dollars in prosecuting him had he lived and will save the people of the state all the hysterics and sobbing which go with the trial of a murderer under our present system of Alabama law.
If the Ozark murderer had lived and been put on trial for his crimes, it would have been several years, even if then, before he could have been executed.
TIM JAMES
Republican for Governor
Strong Christian Faith
Pro-Life
Endorsed by:
Judeo-Christian Values PAC Alabama Republican Assembly Conservative Christians of Alabama
Keep the Alabama Constitution - NO re-write!
Schools that perform for our children
Protect the right to keep and bear arms
No Tax Increases
Tim James Is not a professional politician. He Is a successful businessman who has spent 15 years creating Jobs for Alabama.
He will bring his common-sense approach to Montgomery, end the cronyism and no bid contracts, and restore faith in the office of Governor.
To learn more, please call 334-383-9944 or visit www.tlmlamesforoovemor.com
TIM JAMES FOR GOVERNOR
Every technicality known to the law — and there are thousands of them — would have been invoked in favor of the murderer.
First of all, he would have to be indicted by a grand jury and this might take two or three months. Then if he were indicted and arraigned for his crimes, the grand jury which indicted him would be under attack and the indictment itself would have been carefully scanned to be certain that every T was crossed and every “i** was dotted.
If these hurdles were overcome, then there would be the selection of a trial jury and this would be a long, drawn-out affair.
The state would pay lawyers to defend the murderer and it would get all the witnesses for him. Then, at the trial, the defendant would not have to take the stand. If he did not, the lawyers for the state could not comment on the fact that the defendant was afraid to take the stand. The chances are, the defendant would avail himself of the worst abused plea in the criminal law -insanity. Days would be spent tracing the life of the murderer from his earliest days and all sorts of evidence would be introduced to prove that he was of unsound mind. If the case got to the jury, then every one of the jurors, all 12, would have to agree on a verdict of guilty.
If the jury found the defendant guilty and fixed his punishment of death, then there would be all kinds of motions for a new trial, and claims would be made of newly discovered evidence and the trial judge would be charged with scores of mistakes of law in the conduct of the trial.
If the motion for a new trial were denied then there would be one appeal after another and by this time maybe 18 months would have dragged by.
As a matter of fact, even though the defendant did not take the stand in his behalf, even though all he made was a formal plea of not guilty, the law would take an appeal for him, this under an Alabama statute passed in 1943 which provides that in any case where the death penalty sentence is imposed, h shell be the duty of the trial judge immediately after the imposition of sentence to enter in the record an order, with or without the election of the defendant, that the defendant appeals from the judgment of conviction. Thereupon, the sentence shall be automatically suspended; and then if the defendant is without means the state will pay all the costs of his appeal and the lawyers appointed to prosecute his appeal will be paid by the State of Alabama the sum not in excess of S250.
If the State Supreme Court upholds the conviction, then will come a motion for rehearing and additional time will be killed.
If the court finally denies the rehearing, then the murderer will go into the federal courts and set up all sorts of claims that in the state court he was denied the equal protection of the laws and due process of law. There is no telling how many appeals would be made to the federal courts. The Rosenberg traitors had 17 appeals and Carol Chessman, the California murderer, had 16 appeals. All the while the months dragged slowly by. Finally, if all court proceedings are completed and the matter finally gets into the governor's hands there are all sorts of appeals for clemency, and maybe one reprieve after another will be given the condemned; and, finally, maybe, after three or four years, the murderer will be executed.
In all of these legal proceedings practically every question will be discussed except the guilt of the defendant The state would spend thousands of dollars helping the defendant escape justice. It would do nothing on earth for the murderer’s victims. There would be no appropriations to help families bury their dead and there would be no state funds given to take the place of the dead breadwinners. All the state’s money would go to defend the murderer, one who killed in cold blood, one who deliberately planned all his actions and who had never really denied his crime. Alabama criminal laws all favor the defendant A criminal gets all the breaks and no wonder crime continues to increase.
HONEST - INNOVATIVE - CONSERVATIVE
— JUNE 4th PRIMARY ELECTION —
Candidates on the spot: 14 questions — yes, no, or business as usual?
The questionnaire (next page) asks where they stand on 14 issues. It went to all statewide candidates, seeking answers by April 20th. The fact that quite a few didn V respond is also a reply of sorts. Those who survive the June Primary may get a chance to state their positions in a second edition between now and the November General Election.
By Ellen Williams
President, The Alabama Coalition
Alabama Coalition is an organization which serves as a networking mechanism among various groups and individuals across the state. AC’s thirteen-member leadership team represents each of the state’s congressional districts; and the
organization was formed to forge a political alliance among the many conservative groups and individuals sharing common
aims, ideals and interests. The long range goal is to create a political unit which will change “business as usual" in Montgomery.
Last fall the governing body of AC voted to pursue three main issues:
■	monitoring, to its fruition, the Alabama State Flag Display Law (HB 21-2001),
■	opposing the destructive Capitol Grounds Project by Lee Warner and the Alabama Historical Commission, and
■	working to keep our present Alabama
State Constitution.
AC’s people are networking with other groups sharing our common vision to stop the rewrite of Alabama’s Constitution as orchestrated by the liberal media and special interest groups who would strip Alabama citizens of basic rights presently guaranteed in that document, dissolve the state boundaries and eat away at second amendment rights.
The major reason behind all this hype to rewrite the 1901 Constitution of Alabama is to raise taxes.
As it is now written, the citizens must vote any increase in their taxes. However, if the tax-and-spend crowd has its way with rewriting our constitution — the county commissions, city councils and numerous other bodies will be allowed to raise taxes with no public referendum.
See page 7 for the results of one of our
major projects, the 2002 Primary Election Questionnaire. This form went to every person running for statewide office, including all Alabama House and Senate candidates. Because of possible ethics conflict, judicial candidates were not asked to comply.
Alabama Coalition is proud of this effort to inform voters on where the candidates stand on issues about which the average person is concerned.
If you would like to join a networking of citizens who feel we already pay enough taxes, and you believe that Alabamians should keep all their sovereign rights now guaranteed them by the 1901 Constitution, contact the Alabama Coalition today and get behind this effort.
Ellen Williams may be reached by email at rebellen@mindspring.com or by phone at 251-246-9850.
Please consider voting for these well-recommended candidates
Best known for its battle against the lottery, distributing some 45,000 “NO LOTTERY99 yard signs. Conservative Christians of Alabama (CCA) is a Pro-Family organization. The chairman of CCA, John Killian, encourages you to take the time and vote.
Tha Conservative Christians of Alabama recommend the following candidates for the June 4th Primary:
Governor: Endorse Tim James. Co-endorse: Steve Windom, Bob Riley Lieutenant Governor: Bill Armistead Supreme Court Justice: Harold See Court of Criminal Appeals Judge: H.W. “Bucky" McMillan
Secretary of State: Troy King, Dave
Thomas, Dean Young
State Treasurer. Lisa Wallace
State Auditor: Jim W. Zeigler
Commissioner of Agriculture: J. Lee Alley
Public Service Commissioner: Allen
Sanderson
MADISON COUNTY, HUNTSVILLE State Board of Education: Matthew Boenker or Don Stout House District 10: Co-endorse Ken Arnold or Mike Ball (Madison)
Sheriff: Mickey Brantley, Blake Doming or David King
MADISON COUNTY REPUBLICAN EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE At Large, Place 3: Bill Meiers At Large, PL 5: John Wolfsberger At Large, PL 6: Leigh Moore At Large, PL 7: Charlie Cox or Robert Dowling
At Large, PL 8: Bob Wilkie District 2, PL 2: John Noel or Matt Boenker District 2, PL 3: Zyg Jastrebski District 5 PL 2: Ken Williamson District II, PL 2: Guy Page District 19, PL 2: Carl Bradford ALABAMA REPUBLICAN STATE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE District 2, PL 1: Tom Brown District 3, PL 1: Dean Johnson Huntsville City Council, District 2: Mark
Got that ugly, peecoe, scalawag-designed "stars fell on* __________car	tag?	Here's	the	solution:__
V HEART OF DIXIE
IT LOOKS BETTER • Them's no question ITS EASY - Goes right over tha "stars fed on’
ITS INEXPENSIVE - Only a Yankee dollar
ITS LEGAL - As verified by the State Revenue Dept
»Tii:wa»1
"I don’t think that tha Heart of Dbde should be on no tag in the state of Alabama. I can say It to all these little Confederate people that art around here, that think that tha South going to rise again, as long as I’m in the state legtelsture, r m going to do everything known to human ingenuity to taka that Heart of Dbde off the Alabama tag." - Rap. AMr Holmes, February 2002 In a WSFA-TV
MV.
WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK?
Simply sand a self-addressed stamped envelope and II for each sticker (to cover printing and distribution SMtsjto:
Sporuond by the Montgomery Chapter c/tCM)Wl£Y	League af the South
114 Wiliam Court	Yaur *****	Jr/emt du*
Prattvillo. AL 36066
Anderson
District 3: Charles Urban
MORGAN COUNTY County Commission District 1: Brian Tharp
District 2: John Glascock Sheriff: Scott Strickland or James Hudson Board of Education: Kevin Murphy House District 4: Micky Hammon (Morgan, Limestone)
House 11: Darrell Hicks (Morgan, Cullman)
MONTGOMERY COUNTY Senate 25: Co-endorse Larry Dixon or Suzelle Josey (Montgomery, Elmore)
Senate 26: Rick Sellers (DeKalb, Marshall) House 67: Mark Story (Selma)
House 73: David Grimes (Montgomery) House 74: Bob McKee (Montgomery) House 88: Tony Moore (Prattville)
Circuit Court: Randy James
NORTH ALABAMA State Board of Education 8: Matthew Boenker or Don Stout (Limestone, Madison, Jackson, Dekalb, Etowah)
Senate 4: Darrel Haynes or Guy Hunt (Cullman)
Senate 6: Betty Frazier or Wayne Hardy Colbert (Franklin, Marion, Winston, Fayette, Lamar)
House 11: Darrell Hicks (Cullman)
House 36: Donnie Calhoun (Anniston) House 40: Pete Brooks (Jacksonville) CENTRAL ALABAMA, B’HAM Sheriff: Jim Woodward Tax Assessor Robert Thomason Committee Endorsements:
State Committee Dist 15 A 34 Place 2:| J.C. Earnest
State Committee Dist. 43 & 48 Place 1: Betty Bostwick Place 2: Jeff Caddell
State Committee Dist. 52 & 57 Place 2: Don Whaley
State Cmte. Disk 51: Ann Hodges Goolsby
Return of the Ten
By John W. Giles
President, Christian Coalition of Alabama Roy Moore was elected in 2000 as Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, and since then, it has been amazing to watch the unusual alliances attacking this fine Alabama Statesman. The Chief Justice has been attacked by some members of the House and Senate Black Caucus, the gambling interest, gay and lesbian activist groups, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and now Governor Siegelman. What an interesting alliance. Who could forget the scene on the steps of the State Judicial Building led by Representative Alvin Holmes and Representative John Knight over their objection to the Ten Commandments Monument? During the 2001 session of the Alabama Legislature the Chief Justice, along with four other Justices, issued an Advisoiy Opinion citing video gambling as unconstitutional, and illegal games of chance. This drew great criticism from the gambling interest and
State Committee Dist. 58: Jim McLendon Senate 14: Henry E. “Hank" Erwin (Tuscaloosa, Walker, Winston)
House 41: William McKinzie (Shelby) House 45: Keith Hall (Jefferson)
House 46: Mark Gaines (Shelby, Jefferson) House 48: Jim Cams (Jefferson, Hoover) House 49: Cam Ward (Shelby)
House 50: Laura C. Hays or Jim McLendon (St. Clair, Shelby)
Shelby County Coroner: James Wagner (Shelby)
Property Tax Commissioner: Ted Crockett (Shelby)
BLOUNT COUNTY Sheriff: Danny Morton or Terry Osborn Revenue Commissioner: Ann Self TUSCALOOSA Senate 21: Jeny Tingle (Tuscaloosa, Hale, Pickens)
State Republican Executive Committee Place 1: Starkey Armstead State Republican Executive Committee Place 3: Don Wallace State Republican Executive Committee Place 6: Gerald Allen Bibb County Sheriff: Del Deason Fayette County Sheriff: Bill McCollum Pickens Co. Commission: Harold Davis SOUTH EAST ALABAMA State Board of Education 2: Betty Peters House 92: Roger Broxton (Andalusia, Covington County)
MOBILE COUNTY House 96: Jeanette Greene (Mobile)
House 101: Bess Rich (Mobile)
House 105: Jack Spencer Collier (Mobile)
Sheriff of Mobile County: Kyle Calaghan
Revenue Commissioner. Doug Sanders
State Republican Executive Committee
Place 3: Dennis Hebert
Place 5: Owen “Mickey" McDonnell
Place 7: Dante “Jake" Piccini
Place 8: J. D. Kuffskie
Place 12: Kelly A. McGinley
Commandments
verbal assaults from those legislators carrying water on behalf of the gambling lobby. Gay and lesbian activist groups blasted the judge, demanded that he be removed from office, and even filed a formal complaint with the Judicial Inquiry Commission (JIC). Recently the JIC vindicated Chief Justice Moore and ruled that the judge did not violate any Cannons of Judicial Ethics. Put in lay terminology, he ruled according to the law and did not inject personal views, as accused by his adversaries. The ACLU has filed a lawsuit against the Chief Justice in Federal Court seeking the removal of the Ten Commandments Monument from the State Judicial Building. And now it is apparent that Governor Siegelman has joined in the parade to lambaste the Chief Justice. The Governor, in my view, penetrated the sacred veil of the Separation of Powers Doctrine and acted as the Chief Justice by having a conference call with several judges around the state, excluding Chief Justice Moore. □
Place 13: Charles Lammore Place 16: Richard Vining Mobile County Republican Executive Committee Place 15 Murphy HS Library: Jesse Ortmann
Place 45 St Johns United Methodist: John Raggett
Place 48 Our Savior Catholic Church: Jeb Shell
Place 52E.R. Dickson School: Pat Holder Place 66: Tanner Williams School: Freeman Jockish
Place 78: Tillman’s Corner Comm. CL: Jesse Rogers
Place 2 At Large: Reggie Phillips Place 4: at Large: Mickey McDonnell Place 6: at Large: James Van Antwerp. Jr. Place 7 At Large: Amelda McClellan Place 9 At Large: Margaret Crow Place 10 At Large: Betty Raggett Place 17 at Large: J. D. Kuffskie District 02 Place 2: Carol Quail District 03 Place 1: Richard Vining BALDWIN COUNTY Senate 32: Randy McKinney (Baldwin) House 95: Steve McMillan (Baldwin)
State Republican Executive Committee, Place 2: Don McGriff (Baldwin)
Sheriff: Jimmie Johnson
SOUTH WEST ALABAMA Senate 22 Sheldon Day or Joey Woodyard Candidates endorsed by Conservative Christians of Klehami net contested In the Republican Primary:
House 14: Ed Fraizer (Walker, Winston. Tuscaloosa)
House 35: Larry Sims (Calhoun. Talladega)
House 91: Wess Howell (Coffee)
Senate 3: Terry Smith (Morgan)
Senate 5: Curt Lee (Walker, Winston, Jefferson, Shelby, Tuscaloosa)
Senate 9: Doris Edmonds (Marshall, Madison)
Senate 31: Greg White (Covington, Coffee, Dale, Houston)
BEFORE YOU VOTE
•	Check www.CCofAL.org for post-press updates.
•	Be sure to mark up the handy guides shown here and take them with you into the voting booth.
The Alabama Coalition questionnaire (next page) and the Christian Coalition endorsements (above) are the results of dedicated teamwork and expense. The First Freedom accords with these findings.
!Heart of Dixie|
Get two “Heart of Dixie" decals with a one-year subscription to The First Freedom while supply lasts. This is a limited time offer. Be sure to ask for them, i----7-------------------------------
| The First Freedom
JP.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 36576* fug
FULL NAMF		
MAIL ADDRESS		
CITY	STATE	ZIP
j □ Here's $15 for a one-year subscription.! ID $25 for 200 extra copies of current issue.; i □ $25 for 200 extra copies of the next one.)
| □ $____________  as	a	patron.	Keep	it	up!
! □ Send me 2 free "Heart of Dixie” decals | Email, tel.nr. or comment:
i	&
— JUNE 4th PRIMARY ELECTION
Alabama Coalition Questionnaire
June 2002 The First Freeoei
1	Do yom finer the Alabama Flag display law (HB 9 Do you finer togbbtion requiring volar itfcntiflca-21-2001) and will yom support whatever roeam boo ia polling places'*
■ansstary id acoowpliih compliance?
2	Do you oppose alteration of the Ctapfcal grounds as
proposed by the Alabama Historical Commission ----------------------
and attendant waste of millions of taxpayer dollart? II Do you support the sovereignty and laws of the
^-■----------------------------------------— - -----  1 n. .A f| ffrrfa-if I,fll-n nftnrm	.ni
10 Do you frvor legiilatioa rsiabliihing an Alahanm law for a citizen ballot inifiativs on asanas of citizens* interests?
3	Will you oppose the removal or alteration of any ensfing maker, monument or statue relating to the history of Alabama or any atiaen dwroof?
4	Do you fovor retain iag the 1901 co®Jtit»itioo7[
State of Alabama and the United Stales over that of any international organization?
12 Do yon fovor said immignlion laws and die sealing of fa borders against illegal immigrants?
^ wjwi ana rennf mmm •	mih. .	mi . - —w i ij
5 Win you Oppose any in crease in tax rates now estab-	13 Do yon support die efforts of foe State Board of]
liahad by stats law?	Education to insure a balanced presentation of
6	Do you oppose Isgalbnd abortion encept in cases of evohuion and creationarni?
incest, rape, or life of mother?	IdDoyou support foe constitutional right of citizens to I
7	Do yon support Alabama's laws apsiasi legalized keep and bear arms and w« yon oppose any
gasshAing?	Irgislatina rrstrirting pan ..osrship?
t Do yon support the right to open. Christian prayer in blank- no rasponae public schools?	j
Candidate for Governor		3
Charles Bishop		
Tim James	Y I Y	Y
^ Mr. Rikyttaaad pacific. Bob Riley dmm in number 4	HE	Y
Don Siegelman		
John Sophoclcus Sieve Windom Candidate for Li. Governor Lyn C. Adams Bill Armistead Cheryl A. Bahakel Lucy Baxley
Candidate for U& Homc Jo Bonner 41 Rusty Glover #1 James Gordon #1 Albert Lipscomb #1_
Chris Pringle #1 David Whetstooe #1 Tom Young 41 Teny Everett 42
Charles Woods 42 Jeff Fink #3 Mike Rogers 43 Joe Tumham 43 Gerald Willis 43 45
Bachus 46 Terry Reagin 46 Artur Davis 47 Earl Hilliard 47 ripAiAmt* for State Senate Terry Smith 43 Betty Frazier 46 J. Elbert Peters 47 David Hammonds 48 Doris Edmonds 49 * Hank Erwin 414 Steve Flowers 414 ! Michael Morton 414
-
i Jack Biddle 417 | Fred Horn 418 Jerry Tingle #21 Larry Jones 422 Joe Woodyard, Jr. 422 Hobson Cox 4 25 ! Suzelle Josey 425 ; Richard Sellers 426 ! Keith Ward 427 Paul Reynolds 430 , David Lawrenz #32 Candidate for State House
| i ‘nipT ii «. ■ , n
William McNan #1 |N.R. Starkey #1
Y : Y
Y Y Y
Y Y Y
Y Y
4 | 5	6	7	— 8	9	10			13	14
									
y|y	lI	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y*
ii	V	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y*	Y
									
—i < <	Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y
									
						71			
Y Y	Y	N	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	Y	Y I
Tom Shelton #40 Allen Caton #42
Y
Y
Y
Y
N N Y Y
Y
Y
Y
Candidate for State Home	1	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	10	11	12	13	14
Lyn Greer 42	Y Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Kenneth Johns 42 Steven Barnes 43		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y
Willie Burnett #3				N	Y	N	Y	N	N	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Tom Little 44			Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Richie Sparkman 44	Y	x_			Y	Y		Y	Y j	— Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Ronnie Coffman 45	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Shwan Fargerson 46	Y	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Roy Coley 49	Y	Y	Y		Y		Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	N	Y
Ken Arnold 410	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	N	Y
Wendell Mitchell #10	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y*	Y
Dermis Maze 411	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Tommy Combs 413	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Tommy Sherer 413	Y			N	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y
Mike Miilican 417	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Allen Driggers 425	Y	V	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	N	Y
Ray Gamer 425	Y	Y_	V	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y		Y
Craig Ford #28 _ Y		Y	V		Y	Y	Y	“ Y	Y	|y	1	Y		Y
Blaine GaUiher #30 Iy		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y.	|Y	r — Y	— Iy	W	Y	Iy
| Wayne Creed #37 Iy		Y — .	Y	N	Y	Y	y	Y	F	— Y	Y	] Y	N	|y
! Richard Laird 437	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	! Y	Y	1	’N	;y A— -		[v	rY
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y	I
— H
Y	| ' 1
Y
! Jim Caras 4 48	Y - _ .	y	Y	Y	Y	vl	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	v p		Y j
! Laura Hays 450	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	y r	Y j	Y j
Gene Goodwin 451	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y1		Y	v1	Y.	Y	Y|	y	
Jarred Sims #51	Y	Y	Y	N	N	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	y	Y 1	Y |
Fred Randell # SS	Y	N	Y	N	Y	Y	Y	Y	i	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Aldridge Willis 455	Y	Y	Y		N	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	\N	'N
Lawrence McAdory 456		Y	N	N	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	Y	lY
John Merrill 4 62	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
James Warren #64	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Wayne Lathan 465			Y	N	Y*	Y	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	N	Y
Nick Williams #65	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y*	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Steve Cameron 4 67		Y		Y	Y	N	Y	N	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y
James Martin 467	Y		Y	N		Y	Y	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	N	Y
Bryant Melton 470		N	N	N	N	Y	Y	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	Y	Y
Bob McKee #74	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Dick Biewbaker 4 75	Y	Y	Y	pL	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Benjie Patterson 481		Y	Y	Y	Y	N	Y	Y	Y	lY	Y	Y	Y	Y
Gary Smith #85	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	£	Y	Y	Y	Y
Fred Hamk #87	Y	Y	Y		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
Tony Moore #88	Y	Y	Y	Y |Y		Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	I 1Y	Y	r- - Y
Steve McMillan 495	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	y	Y	Y
^Jeanette Greene 496	Y	N	Y			Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	|Y	' Y	Y	Y
J.E. Turner *102 Mike Burdine #105 Jack Collier #105 Candidate for Secy, of State Dave Thomas Candidate for State TYeaa. Kay Ivey Lisa Wallace
Candidate for State Auditor Earl Mack Gavin Jim Zeigler
Cand. for Public Svc.Com. Matthew Benjamin Cand. for St. Bd. of Educ. Ronnie Reed #2 Don Stout #8
I
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y N
Y
Y
Y

Y IY !Y Y Y Y Y
Y	Y !Y_[Y
Y	Y Y Y
Y	Y Y Y
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y ! Y I Y Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y_
Y
Y ; Y
Y ,Y iY |Y
Y	lY	[Y	N
N	] Y	Y	Y
Y : Y 1Y
Y ;Y lY Y Y
— The South —
a!.-	A 4-1 _	A GROWING SOUTHERN CONSENSUS;
CofCC meets this month in Atlanta L0g lp agree it’s time to act
By Sam G. Dickson
This is your invitation to attend a really fabulous conference for free-right and majority activists in Atlanta June 21 and 22. ft is the annual convention of the Council of Conservative Citizens and is open to all sympathisers.
Here are some of the speakers you won't want to miss:
a Attorney Edgar J. Steele of California who defended Lonnie Rue. the Idaho man indicted for felony “hate crimes** for using the “N” word on an African-American who had choked his wife with her camera cord. Mr. Steele is being given the Malesherbes Award and a donation of $1,000.00. This award is given to exceptionally courageous attorneys who defend the rights of American citizens. It commemorates the lawyer who was guillotined for defending Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette in their “trial” by the French Jacobins.
■ Arthur Kemp: young South African author and activist. Author of The March of the Titans, a comprehensive “triumphal ist” summary of White European achievement, a Dr. Samuel Francis: former Editorial Page Editor of The Washington Times and nationally syndicated columnist a Dr. Virginia Abernathy: Professor
Emeritus of Vhnderbilt MedicaJ School and
expert in demographics and immigration, a Jim Dean: creator, host and producer of “Heritage TVv” perhaps the best utilization of local access TV by our side in the entire country.
a Paal Fromm: Canadian activist and martyr, fired and blacklisted as a teacher for attending the funeral of Dr. Revilo P. Oliver. Head of Canada First Immigration Committee.
■ Dr. Wayne Lutton: Editor of The Social Contract and leading figure in the movement to shut down immigration.
The Conference differs from many other such events in that it is focused on practical ideas which European Americans who care about the survival of their race can use in the struggle as well as in their personal lives to make themselves of greater use to their people.
Registration is only $35.00 per person or $50.00 per couple.
The conference starts with a meeting of the board of directors at 9:00 AM Friday, June 21st The program starts at 1:00 pm Friday and concludes at 5:00 pm Saturday.
Friday evening will see entertainment by a famous and popular bluegrass band with a special Southern theme.
The meeting is open not merely to members of the Council of Conservative Citizens but to all like-minded people, including members and activists from other organizations, who are only asked to refrain from publicly promoting and proselytizing for your group in courtesy to the Council which has convened this event at great effort and expense. You are free to say what you wish in private discussion with other attendees.
You may download the registration
form below or call Sam O. Dickson at 404-378-8869 to request a faxed or mailed copy. The registration form will also be emailed to you by separate email momentarily.
Venue: The Ramada Inn Atlanta Airport South, 1551 Phoenix Blvd., College Park, Ga. 30349.
Tel.: 1-800-241-3092 toll free or 770-996-4321. A special rate of only $65.00 plus tax is offered for those attending the conference. Mention that you are anending the Council of Conservative Citizens to obtain the rate, but register early.
REGISTRATION FORM (PImm print!)
Name:
Address:__________________
CONFERENCE: June 21 - June 22,2002. □ I plan to attend the Conference ($35.00 per person / $50.00 per couple / $10.00 students).
Enclosed is my check for $_______for
______persons.
Please mail as soon as possible to:
Council of Conservative Citizens, Inc. P.O. Box 221683 St Louis, Mo. 63122
Why we celebrate
By Bob Kline
Every April we honor our ancestors who fought and died defending their land and homes in that War of Northern Aggression against the Confederate States. In this day of supposed “cultural diversity,” why is there no place for Southern heritage and history?
It is time for all to begin accepting that the people of the South have every right to their faith, symbols, heroes, monuments and beautiful cultural heritage. Tolerance is not a one-way street These policies of divisiveness and Southern ethnic cleansing must end.
There are hundreds of groups promoting Southern heritage and culture; 1 am a proud member of several of them. We must all band together and join these groups that preserve and promote Southern tradition: its music, manners, customs and faith. We must create a voting bloc and support politicians who work toward our interests, like the Chesterfield Board of Supervisors which wasn’t afraid of being politically incorrect We need more good people like that in office.
Ours is an honourable heritage and culture worth protecting and preserving. We as Southerners emulate our great heroes Washington, Jefferson, Henry, Davis, Lee, Jackson and Forrest among many others. As Winston Churchill said, “The country that ceases to embrace its heritage and tradition loses its identity.”
Don’t spit on the graves of our ancestors. Let’s join together and save our heritage, history and culture. Deo grotios.
By Stephen Woodfin Bauer
Occupied Alabama, CSA Another point on the most important issue facing the South today, and where the Libertarian Party and the League of the South stand on secession:
■	National Platform of the Libertarian Party Adopted in Convention, July 2000, Anaheim. CA. - IV. FOREION AFFAIRS, Diplomatic Policy on Secession:
“We recognize the right to political secession. This includes the right to secession by political entities, private groups, or individuals. Exercise of this right, like the exercise of all other rights, does not remove legal and moral obligations not to violate the rights of others.” and...
■	A League of the South Position Paper [League of the South Logo]:
“ 'Secession belongs to a different class of remedies. It is Co be justified upon the basis that the States are sovereign. There was a time when none denied it. I hope the time may come again, when a better comprehension of the theory of our Government, and inalienable rights of the people of the States, will prevent any one from denying that each State is a sovereign, and thus may reclaim the grants which it has made to any agent whomsoever.*
- Jefferson Davis Farewell Address to U.S. Senate, 21 Jan. 1861 “The League of the South’s goal is good government for the Southern people. Wc believe secession is the best way to restore good government to the South. Since 1861 the republican system of government established by the Founders has been steadily eroded. Today that government has become the cruel master rather than the obedient servant of the citizens of the several states. We see no way of reforming the corruption within the present system; therefore, the League of the South shall seek to spread acceptance of the idea of secession among the people of the South.
“We believe in the Jeffersonian principle that free people may change their government if over a long period of time it refuses to protect their lives, liberty, and property. As the present government of the United States has violated the original compact of 1789 and no longer offers its citizens such protection, we believe that the time has come for the Southern states to consider the merits of secession. The League of the South does not advocate the overthrow of the government of the United States; rather, we wish to leave peaceably and form our own nation or nations, as the people of the South shall freely decide.
“Secession is neither premature, impractical, nor illegal. The time is right for separation and the establishment of local self-rule. Secession is already being seriously debated in several western states and in Canada. The recent break-up of the Soviet Empire has hastened such movements all across Eastern Europe. There is even a serious national separatist
movement in Scotland.
“The South is clearly lagging behind in the drive for self-determination, undoubtedly because many Southerners believe secession is illegal because the Southern States were forced to renounce and repeal their secession ordinances under the duress of military occupation during the Reconstruction era. However, the right of secession is nothing more than the right of sovereign states to recall the powers they delegated to the federal government when they ratified the constitution. This right cannot be renounced, because the right to liberty and self-determination is an inalienable right given by God. Therefore, secession is not illegal or unconstitutional. Secession is still a practical alternative to the further dissolution and chaos of a virtually ungovernable union. We must act boldly and take advantage of a Providential cultural and political climate. If we hesitate, we lose.
“If the thirteen states of the old Confederacy were a nation, its GNP would place it among the top five or six nations of the world. Its laws would better reflect the natural conservatism and Christian roots of the Southern people. Our laws on gun control, abortion, school prayer, and immigration would without question be different. We could establish a confederation of states and make the provisions of the Tenth Amendment a reality. We could follow George Washington’s sage advice about “entangling alliances.” We could leave the United Nations and oppose the Bush-Clinton New World Order.
“We could stop foreign aid. We could once again reward merit We could get government out of our children's education. In a word, we could again seize control of our own destiny.
“In order to make secession work, we must be tough-minded and willing to stand up to the forces of tyranny that are loose in the land. We must not cast ourselves as victims, for victims are perceived as helpless and thus dependent for their salvation on the goodwill of others. Rather, we must build a strong organization that is able to give form to our vision: the establishment of a Southern Nation or nations grounded firmly in the hallowed traditions and virtuous principles of our forebears. If you agree with our general position, we invite you to join us.”
As I’ve disclaimed previously, I am an Independent. But, here in Alabama, we have no southern parties to offer another choice though I wish them well. It’s just not the political reality down here. As far as legislating morality, it never has worked very well, certainly Prohibition was no rousing success. The war on drugs seems to be worse than the dope itself: and, don’t cops have worse crimes to worry about than what goes on inside the no-tell motel? The purpose of government is to protect life, liberty and property - nothing more and nothing less!
fellow Publius Meridianus
Stephen Woodfin Bauer answers a
Waymarkl@juno.com - What would be the purpose of secession today? Rebel_commando@knology.net - Our problems in this world stem from the increasingly authoritarian empire that rules us from D.C., and it’s getting worse as we move to the New World Order. Way mark: The same gang of slimy politicians rules the South as rules the North. Southern politics is as, if not more, corrupt as Northern.
Rebel: But at the national level Southern politicians are consistently outvoted by sheer numbers from the northeast and far left coast.
Waymark: Do you think the federal government of a new confederation would be any less oppressi ve than the present federal government of the United State Empire? Rebel: It needs to be a confederation. Power should devolve to tuo States,
perhaps like in the original Articles of Confederation. State sovereignty will keep much of the mischief out, at least at the confed level.
Waymark: Would a new C.S.A. be any less an international bully than the U.S.E? Rebel: Yes, non-interventionist foreign policy! Like the Republic of old: MFriends of liberty everywhere, defender only of onr own.”
Waymark: Would there be no C.S.A. I.R.S? Rebel: No and NO! The income tax is an abomination, and was strictly forbidden in the 1787 Constitution.
Waymark: Half the people of the U.S. depend on the federal government for their daily bread. Would it be any different in a newC.SA?
Rebel: End welfare now, including corporate welfare. Personal and religious charity is better for both the giver and
receiver, not when wealth is redistributed as now at gunpoint Waymark: The 1860s C.S.A. had widespread suppression of freedom of speech, particularly in regards to slavery.
Rebel: Ahem, slavery to now illegaL In the u.S. freedom of speech to now illegal since the campaign finance bill passed. Waymark: The 1860s C.S.A. had military conscription, which was recognized in the U.S. as unauthorized by the constitution. The Writ of Habeas Corpus was suspended in order to have conscription, among other reasons.
Rebel: Habeas Corpus was not suspended in the South and the era of the levy en masse of armed forces to past Conscription isn’t a military necessity in the 21st century.
Waymark: In a modem day C.S.A. the people would have to support two federal
governments.
Rebel: - ? -
Waymark: Would a modem day C.S.A. not have a huge standing army, rather relying on a navy and state militias? (A navy would include an air force - they are similar, in being very heavily mechanized rather than biased toward troops.)
Rebel: No need for a huge standing army. Avoid foreign entanglement and occupation forces overseas. The u.S. has taught the world a great lesson: If you have nukes, you don’t get bombed by nation states. Nukes are much cheaper than huge standing armies. Have a small, professional force with reserves for the Confederate defense and State/Volunteer Militias as a counterweight to them to protect liberty. Do aircraft and ships cost? Yes, that’s one of the few legitimate functions of national government
June 2002 The First Freedom 9
Morris Dees has
This concludes a two-part article by our newest staff member* who resides in Theodore.
. Atkinson IV
■ 6. The American educational system, like those Nazi schools of old, instills hatred for certain groups of people.
When Adolf Hitler and his Nazi | parties took control of the German schools, the first thing they began to teach was hatred of the Jews. Anti-Semitism was one of the main planks in the National Socialist Party’s platform, so to ensure that their Utopia could come to pass, all of the German children had to be taught that Jews were the enemy of the state. As a result of their teaching, thousands of children in Germany were raised with the concept that the reason a perfect state did not exist was because of the Jews. The hatred instilled in the hearts of the children, through the brainwashing of the German schools, resulted in the Holocaust that killed hundreds of Jews.
In today’s modem society, tolerance is the most acclaimed virtue that anyone can have. Hate is a word almost worse than murder in our culture of “love” for all religions, culture, beliefs and races. Tolerance exists for everyone except those viewed as “intolerant.*’ In these American public schools today young children are taught that the greatest crime you can commit is intolerance. Personally talking to several public school children I meet at social events, I ask them what is the worst kind of person in America today. Sometimes murderers or terrorists are named first, but invariably intolerant people are mentioned as some of the worst kinds of people in the country. Undoubtedly those branded intolerant will be the Jew of the American socialist government that-is coming upon our country. Evangelical Christians who preach the Gospel and stand against abortion and sodomy will be branded as intolerant and thus persecuted. Yes, the public schools do teach tolerance for sodomites, abortionists, socialists and other groups, but at the same time hatred for those who are intolerant of evil, e.g., fundamental, Bible believing Christians.
■ 7. The theory of evolution, here as in Germany, is the core of the American public school curriculum.
The theory of Darwin is undoubtedly one of the cornerstones of modem totalitarian regimes. That’s because the teaching of evolution has man as not the created being of God, but rather the result of evolution from animals. This teaching destroys the value of human life and promotes the idea that some races have “evolved” more than others; therefore, certain classes of people are not as valuable as the more “evolved.” Since man is nothing but a highly evolved animal according to evolution, human life is of no more value than that of an animal. Evolution was already becoming accepted theory when Hitler came to power, but, when the Nazi party took over German education, evolution was immediately instituted as the basic teaching of science in all schools. That childhood training in evolution allowed German soldiers to justify slaughtering civilians who were “subhuman” according to evolution and Nazi ideology. According to evolution, the mass killing of other races was “justified” because they were not evolved as highly as the German race.
The teaching of evolution is perhaps a defining characteristic of American public schools today. No matter how much they differ around the country, all schools in the public education system instill that same ungodly and atheistic theory of evolution into their pupils K-12. The result of this teaching is the acceptance of abortion.
By William J
— Rethinking the revolution —
met the right-wing extremist, and it is himself
because the baby in the womb is “evolving” and therefore isn’t human. It leads to the acceptance of sodomy, because some have just “evolved” differently than others. The theory of evolution is perhaps the greatest teaching tool of modem tyrants because it destroys children’s belief in Christianity, God and morality. Since we are animals, they are taught, we can do as we please; there is no God and there are no moral absolutes. Thus, what worked so well for Hitler and Nazi Germany will work again for modem socialists seeking to destroy the only belief and law that can stop them, Christianity and the Bible.
■ 8. The German schools system, like American education, was compulsory: no tolerance for those who chose not to attend.
It is the nature of all tyrannical regimes to consider children wards of the state. To insure that this most valuable asset isn’t threatened, compulsory attendance laws require every child to be educated in the state’s ideology. In 1934 the Nazi regime shut down all schools run by Protestants. Two years later, in 1936, all Catholic and private schools were shut down, German children being required to attend state schools only. A parent who didn’t comply with the compulsory attendance law was arrested by the G.E.S.T.A.P.O. and sent to a concentration camp. Albert Marrin, in his monumental work, Adolf Hitler, says that any child who did not attend the German schools was taken from his parents and put in a state orphanage.
Compulsory attendance laws were enacted in the United States right after the establishment of the federal public education system in the latter part of the nineteenth century, but strict enforcement of the law started late in the twentieth century. Recently in our history, the Child Protective Services Bureau was set up to supervise a wide range of issues relating to children, including neglect - which is now defined as not sending your children to state schools. Parents who home school are accused in many states of abusing their children mentally; so Child Protective Services agents search those homes, abduct the children and take their parents to jail. In most cases the children are sent to foster homes and enrolled in public schools against the parents’ wishes, the latter not being able to have their children back until signing a paper saying they will keep them in public schools. Many Christian schools around the country are also facing run-ins with the government because attracting children from the state education system.
and one day they too will be shut down as in Germany.
■	9. The German educational structure stressed, as do American schools, “nonreligious” training.
The Nazis who took control of a mostly Christian country - to avoid enraging that constituency - announced that teaching in the schools would be “non-religious,” favoring no one religion over another. In reality however, those state schools instilled a Nazi religion in the children’s minds.
From the very beginning of the United States education system, proponents have stressed that the training would be of a “non-religious” nature. Horace Mann, Abram Combe and Robert Dale Owen all maintained religion had no place in the school house, that public education would not teach any form of religion. Yet, as Dr. Robert L. Dabney, a well-recognized theologian and minister in the nineteenth century, noted, “Non-religious training is really anti-religious training.” The absence of faith and Christianity in education is a statement against Christianity and faith because it promotes the philosophy that there is knowledge and morality outside and above the laws of God and his Word.
■	10. The American education system, like the Nazi schools, seeks to destroy not only the minds of children but their souls.
This is perhaps the most striking similarity between the American education system and the Nazi schools. All education is by nature religious. Christianity teaches that all morals, principles, and beliefs should be based on the Bible, and that there are no laws or beliefs outside scripture that are acceptable. Secular education teaches the religion of humanism: all beliefs and ideas are equally valuable and the ultimate goal of education is the advancement of man. The conflict between these two world views is the reason for public education in America and Germany. Because the Christian world view is so diametrically opposed to the socialist and humanist world view, the latter must institute a mandatory educational system to direct the minds of children, especially Christian children, into their world view. The Nazi officials in Germany saw that, in order to create subservient citizens, all vestiges of morality must be trained out of the German children. Human bondage always begins with bondage to sin, so the National Socialist Party made sure that the children in their schools were enslaved to sin at an early age. Brenda Lewis in her work Hitler Jugend says that all manner of immorality
existed in the German schools, including sodomy, and immoral behavior between girls and boys was encouraged by the Nazi teachers.
Likewise, some of the most immoral and pornographic material in the United States can be found in the Public Schools being taught to children under the guise of “Sex Education.” Eagle Forum published a book titled. Child Abuse in Public Schools. which outlines some of the content in the sexual education courses in schools. Child Abuse demonstrated that sodomy and other sexually deviant material, including child pornography, was rampant throughout the sexual education courses. As a result of this training, unprecedented immorality between children — many at extremely young ages - is raging in the public schools.
It was estimated recently by government surveys that seventy-five percent of the children graduating from public schools have been involved in immorality. Thus, the struggle is not just for their minds but for their souls. Public Education in the United States today, as in Nazi Germany bock then, seeks to involve children in immorality, destroy allegiance to their parents, and instill in them absolute loyalty to the state.
Truly, this is the characteristic that joins the Nazi educators and the U.S. educators at the hip. It is not just their belief in evolution, anti-Christian views, or socialist roots, but their ultimate goal - a subservient citizenry - that makes them ideologically identical. Through systematic destruction of the child’s mind and soul, Christianity and die Christian world view, this socialist state insures absolute allegiance to itselfby the next generation. Undoubtedly public schools have been the Trojan horse of Christianity by seizing the children of Christians and indoctrinating them into die ways of Hedonism and Statism. Sadly, many Christians today do not investigate what their children are being taught, and send them to public schools K-12. Later, when their children grow up and become steeped in immorality, they wonder what happened. They do not realize that the innocent and tender mind of their child was violated upon entering that classroom. It is because of this institution. Public Schools, that our American Republic lies in ruins, an all-powerful federal system rising from those ruins unchallenged by Christians. The ashes of Christendom lie on the altar of education, along with the remains of morality and Biblical law. Truly, public education and Christian apostasy have given us our future: an amoral culture, a destiny without God.
The American warlords are more savage by far
When Bilderberg luminaries seal themselves off behind armed guards at the Westfields hotel in Chantilly, Va., May 30-June 2, one major topic will be a new war.
By James P. Tucker Jr.
Sources within Bilderberg and its junior varsity, the Trilateral Commission, confirmed the war part of the agenda when the Trilaterals met in Washington April 5-7. The two groups have an interlocking leadership and a common agenda.
They believe that public outrage over the 9-11 attacks and the new “war on terrorism” make a new war on Iraq, with the intent of destroying the regime of Saddam Hussein and seizing Iraqi oil, politically palatable to Americans. If Americans back a new war, they reason, a reluctant Europe will be dragged along.
Bilderberg's hand was first tipped March 24 when Jim Hoagland, a Bilderberg regular, called for and predicted all-out war on Iraq in a commentary in The Washington Post.
Every Post publisher - now it is Donald Graham - has attended these secret meetings since the elite first called itself Bilderberg in 1954. Hoagland is also a
Bilderberg regular.
President Bush has decided to “remove you from power,” Hoagland wrote, addressing his words to Hussein. “The Pentagon can now go ahead and draw up war plans very quietly for the right time, as it did in 1990.”
Just how casually the Bilderberg-Trilateral troopers spill the blood of young men is demonstrated by Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser under President Jimmy Carter and long-time Trilateralist.
Brzezinski, in a 1998 interview with the French newspaper Le Nouvel Observateur, said that, contrary to the official version of events, CIA aid to the mujahedeen guerrillas began six months before the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. It was intended to provoke the invasion, he said. Brzezinski boasted of “drawing the Russians into the Afghan trap.”
Asked about the wisdom of supporting Islamic fundamentalism, Brzezinski offered this chilling dismissal: “What is more important in world history? The Taliban or the collapse of the Soviet Empire?”
Henry Kissinger, a power in both Bilderberg and the Trilaterals, started the war drumbeat Jan. 13, also writing in the Bilderberg-controlled Post:
“There is no possibility of a negotiation between Washington and Baghdad and no basis for trusting Iraq's promises to the international community ...
“But if the overthrow of Saddam Hussein is to be seriously considered, three prerequisites must be met: (a) development of a military plan that is quick and decisive, (b) some prior agreement on what kind of structure is to replace Hussein and (c) the support or acquiescence of key countries needed for the military plan,” Kissinger wrote.
The Bush administration already appears bent on war, according to Rep. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who is running for the Senate seat being vacated by Strom Thurmond (R).
“Before the end of summer or fall we'U be in a major engagement with Iraq,” Graham was quoted by The Columbia Stale. “We’re looking at going after Saddam Hussein - not to contain him but to replace him.”
Graham said he based his predictions on “intelligence briefings, contact with the Bush administration and his attendance at a recent international conference in Germany,” The State said.
From American Free Press, 1433 Pennsylvania Av SE Washington, DC 20003. Subscriptions: S39 per year.
— Educating the educators —
How Big Brother plans your career
More and more gestapo tactics by the left move us closer to a state of Nazi Germany! It's time to say, uNot with my kids,you don't!"and lock and load at the same time.
By Wes Vernon
NewtMmx.com
WASHINGTON - The School to Work program which is written into U.S. law aims to decide for your children what line of work they should be trained and educated for, according to the needs of the state collaborating with big business. It has all the appearances ofa back-door approach to the police state.
William L. Shirer, in his book The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich, cites this phenomenon in Nazi Germany:
“[The workbook was introduced] and eventually no worker could be hired unless he possessed one. In it was kept a record of his skills and employment The workbook not only provided the State and the employer with up-to-date data on every
single employee in the nation, but was used to tie a worker to the bench. If he desired to leave for other employment, his employer could retain his workbook, which meant that he could not be legally employed elsewhere.”
Robert Holland, author of Not With My Child, You Don t, says the similarities of Hitler's “full employment” system and the School to Work Law ''snapping into place” right here in the United States are "quite eerie and disturbing.”
The system won't develop overnight, of course. For such a program to be imposed on a freedom-loving public, there must be stealth and gradualism. But the machinery for it has been written into law.
As Holland points out in a study prepared for Free Republic, School to Work legislation repeatedly makes it clear its provisions are for "all students” and "all schools.”
Many of us grew up with dreams and aspirations as to what career path we wished to follow. We may even have changed our minds or careers along the
Revisiting the Abe Lincoln legend
By Ellen Williams
Defending Our Honor By David Allen Banner Press, $6.00
This just-off-the-press book by Alabama Commander David Allen of the Sons of Confederate Veterans is here reviewed for the first time.
The author begins by methodically building the history of self-determination from tyranny (secession). He does this with documentation to establish the fact that the American colonies were independent states. He introduces quotes by multiple Founders, the Declaration of Independence, the Articles of Confederation, the Treaty of Paris, several state conventions and the U.S. Constitution.
Interestingly, he shows that each of the original states "seceded” from the Articles of Confederation to join the new Union. However, when George Washington was inaugurated, there were only 11 states which had ratified the new constitution. Rhode Island and North Carolina were still foreign countries. Over and over he quotes such "Unionists” as Daniel Webster "The states are nations.”
James Wilson of Pennsylvania: "The thirteen stales are thirteen sovereignties.” And many more.
Through well-researched documentation, Commander Allen proves—proves — that Lincoln’s invasion of the Southern
Confederacy was not to free slaves.
Part 2 of this work is entitled "Quotes.” In it you will learn much of true history from the mouths of those who lived it. The quotes run the gamut from ancients such as William Wallace down through history’s pages to modem-day historians. AH sides of political thought are included, such as:
"The war between the North and the South is a tariff war. The war is further, not for any principle, does not touch the question of slavery, and in fact turns on the Northern lust for sovereignty.”
- Karl Marx
Anyone who considers himself a defender of the CSA should be (he owner of this well documented, very readable and highly usable volume.
Its collection of invaluable quotes is well worth the book’s cost alone.
Defending Our Honor may be ordered directly from the author at:
P.O. Box 1105 Tuscaloosa, Ala. 35403 S6.
Multiple copies for passing out to your local politicians and school officials or for fund raising, S3 each plus postage.
You may also order or pick up the book from:	The	Confederate	Shoppe
928 Delcris Dr., Birmingham AL 3S226 Toll Free: 866-244-0869 205-942-7881 (fax)
bttp*//www.poiiit9outh .com/c-shoppe Jitm
League to publish call to action
TUSCALOOSA - At its recent officer summit the League of the South rededicated itself to the cause of Southern Independence. The League has spent its first eight years putting in place a cadre of scholars and activists from across the South.
Moreover, it has begun organizing on the county and parish level, and now has over 200 such local groups in the Southern states. The League reaffirms its original statement of purpose from 25 June 1994: It seeks "to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.”
At present. The League is engaged in producing a comprehensive plan for reaching its goals. The finished product will be The Grey Book It will contain the League’s worldview, its objectives, its strategy, its positions on various issues and its plans for implementation. The League leadership believes this document will be of great interest to, and provide hope for, the Southern middle class and Dixie's hard-pressed blue-collar workers.
The League answers its critics, who accuse the organization of dark and secret motives, by proclaiming that it does its
work in the light of day for all to see. From the beginning, the League has made it dear that it seeks to start a movement among the general public in the South that will lead, in God’s good providence, to a grounds well of support for free and independent Southern States. The Grey Book will set forth the League’s honourable, moral, and lawful plan of action for the Southern people. As a working document, it will be subject to periodic revision to reflect developments in the League’s program.
Once the first draff is completed and approved, it will be posted on the League’s website and published in soffcover for further distribution. - www.dixienct.org
Recent LoS state chapter, Montgomery
way. We followed our ambitions, often taking hard knocks and learning life's lessons along the way.
School to Work (STW) will have none of that. Some power elites will determine your children's careers, and see that they are trained to follow predetermined paths. School to Work is not about educating boys and girls so they can make their own career decisions. It is about training your children to fit into whatever narrow scheme the elites have decided.
The usual suspects
This plan can be traced to "the usual suspects,” i.c., wealthy, powerful establishment foundations and left-wing politicians with a statist complex. State-directed skills training would fit the "national good,” as determined by the elites.
In the mid-1980s, there was a raging debate as to whether the U.S. should embark on a "national industrial policy” program. The Reagan administration had rejected the idea, much to the chagrin of left-wing politicians who felt that because many of our trading partners were making such top-down decisions for their people, obviously we couldn’t compete in a global economy unless we did likewise.
So planners did what planners always do. If the bumpkins elected by the people don’t follow the wisdom of their betters, well, the planners will simply have to work around them.
A Carnegie Corp. forum on education and the economy resulted in a Carnegie spinoff. National Center for Education and the Economy (NCEE). This entity was led by educrat Marc Tucker, who designed the
grandiose Human Resource Development Plan. In 1990, NCEE unveiled the first national report boosting the “necessity” of School to Work.
Hillary, of course In the forefront of those boosting the plan were Aricansas lawyer Hillary Clinton and industrial consultant Ira Magaziner. This duo would later push for a national health system that went down in flames when exposed to the light of day. Those pesky voters again!
This was followed by a series of reports from the U.S. Department of Labor in the first Bush administration. One can speculate that if Ronald Reagan had been around for another term, he would have given this meddling short shrift Electronic resume - for kindergartners These reports declared that, quoting Holland, "all schools must bend single-mindedly to the task of socializing a skilled workforce.” The plan "even offered a model electronic resume to be kept for all students, K through 12, wherein their 'workforce competencies’ would be rated and recorded for the benefit of their future employers. It had a line identifying each child according to social security number.” When the Clintons came to Washington and took the reins of power, the agenda was front and center. What followed were the 1994 School-to-Work Opportunities Act and the reauthorized Elementary and Secondary Education Act.
From all of this emerged a National Skill Standards Board, which has divided the economy into fifteen sectors. The machinery for the state determining your child's future was in place.
This is my response letter to Dees, Levin & Marx. I want it known that I am decided to blow a Kosher Shofar as the SCV Camp #1710 Chaplain at various ceremonies and functions. A Christian Cross and a seven-candle Menorah would look nice on my portable podium. I am not a genetic or cultural Jew, but, as the Bible says, a Gentile (Goyim) Believer grafted into the vine which is the Eternal Christ Upon the Almighty Authority of the Semitic Lord Jesus Christ, I can claim Abraham as a spiritual father. Like it or not, I am grafted in and the Shofar symbolizes my inherent spiritual authority that Dees, Levin and Marx cannot affect or deny. They refuse to practice what they preach. As for us Christian Confederates - let your big light shine! Deus nosier refugium. Sincerely, SILAS GRIFFIN
The Griffin / Roberts Archive & Family History Research Project Douglas, AZ
UWF President Morris Marx	May	15,2002
Dear Sir
I am compelled by a sense of outrage to respond to this one, i.e. your cold and indifferent response to my friend, the Honorable Olaf Childress. I have tracked the SPLC for a few years now and it appears that this lawyer’s guild is simply a mega-business with the proverbial false front of post-modern morality. I'm very uncomfortable with a cheap lawyer’s organization attacking legitimate Christian and patriotic organizations and people. In spite of Dees, Levin & Co. whipping any individuals and organizations they deem worthy of their attacks, I and many of my contemporaries have great confidence in Christians such as Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell. At the same time, we have no confidence whatsoever in radical left-wing. anti-American, race-baiters such as the non-Reverend Jesse Jackson and A1 Sharpton who, by virtue of their public actions, meet the qualifications of shakedown artists. I also am a Minister of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ and none of them preach or practice what I consistently get from the Holy Bible. Mr. Levin and Mr. Dees have no ground, high or.low, to condemn anyone at any time for any reason or motive.
The outright intolerance and physical violence manifested by Mr. Morris Dees toward my friend, the Honorable Olaf Childress on the evening of January 12,2002 at your academic institution is despicable, deplorable, hypocritical and worthy of public condemnation. A public apology by Mr. Dees would be in keeping with the stated philosophy of his not so secret oiganization, the SPLC. I have seen far too many neo-liberals and Politically Correct Left-wingers (PCL) teach and preach "tolerance” to the masses but I have yet to see one of them practice what they preach. Many of my paternal and maternal ancestors participated in the building of the integral states in this sovereign nation and I am forever proud and honored by their service of duty and sacrifice to keep the Republic intact as Mr. Franklin challenged. Many of my treasured ancestors were Southern Confederate Americans, and manifestly intolerant hypocrites will not succeed in destroying their intrinsic historicity, validated polity and federally recognized veteran status in American society. My Southern ancestors are a vital link in my family history and greedy PCL podsnaps grubbing for lucre and fame will not stain their honorable place at the table of American heritage.
One of my Southern ancestors was Gen. Henry Martyn Robert of Robertville, SC. Billy Sherman’s Union Bummers razed the entire town, cutting down huge oak trees, destroying schools, churches and farms alike, and the barbarians even desecrated the graveyard. H. M. Robert wrote Robert's Rules of Order for a disorderly world. 1 strongly suggest that you sir, as well as Dees and Levin read it slowly, several times through. Something may have been overlooked.
Deus noster refugium. Most Sincerely,
Robert Silas Griffin
June 2002 The First Freedom 11
Ittfa*..
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief ■ and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page I.)
LAURELS Congratulations on your 3rd Anniversary Issue. It'sagood one. I am gratified, for it’s rare even among observers who are dead-on in other areas, to see someone pointing up the dominant role U.S. Jews play in what comes through the media and the unhealthy and unique relationship between Israel and the U.S. as evidenced by treatment given in this country of recent events in Palestine (e.g., the story you offered from the London Independent); this in addition to coverage of Alabama and Southern issues which we’d look hard to find elsewhere.
TYRONE CROWLEY Prattville
GOOD LETTER WRITER Enclosed is a copy of my letter to, and the excuse I received from, the Mobile paper. Also a clipping from the same source about a mob in Gulf Shores. The G.S. police arrest people for jaywalking, but not for attempted murder!.,.
The Editor Having read the Mobile paper for the last 34 years. I have seen that since being acquired by an out-of-state corporation owned and controlled by a nonChristian family, its editorial tone and news content are drastically changed. I wish to make a suggestion. The ink quality has improved, it no longer rubs off; the newsprint isn’t deteriorated much. However, in order to make recycling more convenient, you should use a scroll (as in Dead Sea Scrolls) format for the editorial section and much of the front page. The scroll should be 4-5/8” wide and wound on a cardboard tube 154" in diameter.	NATHAN	GAMBLE
Bon Secour
Dear Mr. Gamble:
Thank you for taking the time to share your opinion with our readers. Our editorial , pages remain vibrant largely because of good letter-writers like you. Unfortunately, because of the great volume of letters we receive, we are unable to publish your submission at this time. We hope to hear from you soon, and thanks for writing.
MICHAEL MARSHALL
ALVIN HOLMES “/ don t think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag in the state of Alabama .." Then it is agreed, “Heart of Dixie" will be on the tags! This gentleman, being so thoroughly educated, certainly understands the meaning of double negatives in a sentence. So, where can 1 get my honorary Alabama tag with “Heart of Dixie” proudly engraved, and maybe it could be “autographed” by Alvin himself? God bless.	ROBERT	LLOYD
Ft Myers, FL
You do “Representative" Holmes a grievous disservice. I propose we present him the Scalawag Lifetime Achievement Award. He certainly deserves no less, and I can think of several who are also deserving of such an honor. Not to be a name dropper, but how about considering the husband and wife duo - Hank and Rose Sanders? Now, there fs a pair of “unmentionables" for you.
BELINDA HOLLOWAY
Selma University may have a total student body of 25 and probably not an unbroken window pane in the whole edifice. It has been consistently bailed out by the state in order to be able to keep operating. It is as a two-year institution, yet gives honorary doctorates. Yes, Alvin’s credentials are to be admired.
ELLEN WILLIAMS Leroy
Thanks to Sen. Hank Sanders, Rep. John Knight and you the taxpayers, things are looking up at Selma University. Less than five years ago, the school filed for bank* niptcy in Mobile Federal Court Attorneys for Selma U were the local firm Chestnut Sanders and Sanders. Guess what? In the Educational Trust Fund in recent years, budgeted for Alabama State University has been hundreds of thousands of dollars for
Community Outreach. The first year. Hank and Knight funneled $400,000 from the ETF through Bama State to Selma U, and the next year an additional $200,000 the same way. Suddenly Selma U is no longer bankrupt. Where is the ACLU-tax money going to a private, church related school? Now Hank’s son-in-law is working full time at Selma U... It doesn’t get any better than this here in Zimbabwe on the Alabama.
CECIL WILLIAMSON Selma
Sony to hear about your flag. 1 know just how you feel!
STEVEN ALEXANDER Pickens County, SC
Better than that, do what I did. Buy SC V tags in protest of Holmes, the ignorant bigot.	CHARLES HILL
Spruce Pine
The U.S. is more like the hybrid Soviet union/Nazi Germany every day. Good is on the run and the media into submission. “We don't want to not be zombies now!" These people think they are the good ones and we the evil. 1 love the way blacks have been promoted by guilt-ridden liberal whites above the rest of us. Then we have the Muslims, soon the Mexicans, to save all from the awful descendants of Europeans. God bless the South, and please wake up the Yankee liberals! BOB PAINTER
Kansas
GETTING WITH “IT"
Mr. Mayor: Before changing your city's beautiful motto. Cradle of the Confederacy, into something you believe is more peecee, please remember that this birthplace of the Confederacy belongs not just to the City of Montgomery but to all citizens of our beloved homeland, the South. The change is “needed" because the word Confederacy “offends" those who are totally uneducated as to the reasons for the Northern Invasion and arc content to perpetuate the lies of the North for political gain. Insulting one group to appease another will only further divide your city along racial lines. The right to not be offended isn't guaranteed by the laws of our land. Nor is there dishonor in Alabama's motto: “We dare defend our rights!”
LINDA SEWELL Mobile
THINKING FREEDOM It looks like you’re doing a great job in Alabama. Slowly but surely Southerners like ourselves are taking control of our government; we will in time turn the South into a limited republic again! It’s amazing how the general population is brainwashed into thinking secession is “unAmerican." On the contrary, isn’t that how America began? Let tyranny end and justice begin! (Thanks, Thomas Jefferson.) For a free Southern nation and a free South Carolina,
JAY SALLEY Clemson, SC
PRIVACY IS NO NUMBER The Alabama Senate is working on a Privacy and Identity Theft Prevention Act of2001 (S-1014). However, this Act docs not go far enough. They seem to ignore the fact that no one is required to have a social security number in the first place. This is the issue we need to bring to their attention and, if necessary, hit them right between the eyes so they can understand.
HAROLD SORENSEN Rutledge
WHAT CAN ONE DO?
|Your action might make a difference for all of us, so join the resistance. My small part in editing this newspaper is to confront bigots like Morris Dees and his friend, UWF Pres. Morris Marx. -Ed.) Dear Mr. Childress:
Thank you for your recent letter dated April 29, 2002. The University of West Florida stands by its actions on the evening
of January 12,2002 when Morris Decs was an invited speaker at the University of West Florida. While I understand that you disagree with our removal of you from the reception, we believe our actions were necessary to protect Mr. Dees and other university guests. This matter is closed at this time. If you feel further action is necessary, please feel free to pursue this in another forum.	MORRIS	L.	MARX
President
May 14,2002
Office of the President - 850/474-2200 University of West Florida 11000 University Parkway Pensacola, FL 32514-5750 Dear Dr. Marx:
Your curt dismissal would seem the expediency of an unassailable new order, “closed” indeed. Surely a gentleman of your rank feels safe enough, even obliged, to say whether the campus police and Mr. Dees assaulting and ejecting me, thereby avoiding the necessity to answer my interview question, was out of “fear” that I might harm someone, or fear that he couldn't answer my question: “Why does the SPLC repeatedly publish propaganda associating our Southern heritage movement with hate? We tell eveiyone who will listen, it has nothing to do with hate. Why do you hate us teaching true history?" Dr. Marx, your attitude is that of a barroom bouncer, not a university president Had there been justifiable cause for this barbarity, charges would’ve been filed against me. My behavior isn’t the issue.
OLAF CHILDRESS Silverhill
I think it not a coincidence that this dictatorial jackass bears the surname of Marx! The statement at the bottom of his return address has UWF as an “equal opportunity" institution ... clearly another example of some being “more equal than others.” God bless Dixie!	JOE	GRESHAM
Mayfield, KY
The University of West Florida violated your constitutional rights to “freedom of assembly" and “freedom of speech" when you attempted to question their “paid lecturer" informally. I think you’d have widespread support for your case throughout the South, as most people have learned Dees and his “front organization" are nothing but scoundrels and liars. Good luck to you sir, my hat's off to you.
MICHAEL SAMMONS Hartford, AL
(You’re the jury, so let’s just try him right here in the press, media style. —Ed.)
People like that man are afraid of folks like you and me because our stand on morality puts a moral onus on them, and they don’t like to look at themselves. Same reason they have tried to get God out of our schools - and now, our lives altogether! They seem to think that if they can put God aside. He won’t see or know what they do. I hate to be the one to tell them, but they all will have to face the music over what they do sometime. Keep up your good work for the South and what is right Deo vindice. and best Texas wishes. (Just look for the Confederate flag). PR1S SQUIRES
Devine, TX
(Some wrongly pout that we haven’t the means to stop Dees. These attacks against hb own race are because he’s unable to meet its principles, and not because fellow suckers send him money. www.gulfteLcom/homcfree - The Sleaze Chronicles: This war of the words costs us pennies, the internet b a Godsend! Keep fighting, we’re winning, the ossifying mediacrncy b over the hilL -Ed.)
HEART OF DIXIE
[People keep asking if they have a right to paste Heart of Dixie stickers over the top of “stars fell on," so we’ll do a continuing article each month about one’s right to keep and bear Heart -Ed.)
www.wsfa.com/global/story Jtsp?9E=683033 is where WSFA states they checked with the State Revenue Department and that there was nothing wrong with the stickers.
For a tag to be legal you must have the name of the state, renewal month sticker, the tax sticker. Heart of Dixie with a heart and the identifying numbers. Mr. Bob Camp of the Revenue Department, the same gentleman that 1 was referred to by the motor vehicle registration people, is who I’m sure they checked with, as that is whom I referred them to. Best I can tell there have been over 5,000 stickers sold. We’re seeing them here with regularity and have heard of no one getting stopped for having them on their tag. They seem to have gone fairly well with state workers. I guess we either have more reasonable law enforcement, or more drivers with guts.
JOHN REYNOLDS Montgomery
This “People keep asking if it’s ’all right’ to apply these official ’Heart of Dixie’ motto decals over their new (politically correct) ’stars fell on* Alabama car tags" in your message indicated to me that, for some reason, “stars fell on Alabama" was a nasty, “politically correct" thing. I was wondering what gave them that idea.
TOM STRIDER Bonita Springs, FL [Tom, you need to go back and reread the whole article. Rep. Holmes declared on TV, “I don’t think that the Heart of Dixie should be on no tag in the state of Alabama. I can say it to all these little Confederate people that are around here, that think that the South going to rise again, as long as I’m in the state legblature. I’m going to do everything known to human ingenuity to take that Heart of Dixie off the Alabama tag." -Rep. Alvin Holmes, February 2002 in a WSFA-TV interview. Obviously, “stars fell on" isn’t offensive. It’s the arrogant way he’s determined to remove the word Dixie that offends. Let “stars fell on" be Holmes* personal motto. Our official tag motto b Heart of Dixie. -Ed.)
Thanks for that update on the Heart of Dixie conflict in Alabama. The black professor in Montgomery whose “conscience” drove her to tape over the word “Dixie” on her license plate had her case dismissed after she was arrested for her actions. I'm delighted that the court realized she had tbaitjghf to do this because it gives a green light to our	**—>	brethren who are
fighting to preserve Alabama's nghv6,j title as the “Heart of Dixie.” Regards.
LINDA THOMPSON Marietta. GA
Our forebears sailed small wooden vessels across raging seas; landed on an unknown shore; settled colonies; defeated the mightiest monarch in the world; wrote a federal constitution; established states; tamed a vast wilderness; and pushed the frontier all the way to the Pacific Ocean, while educating their young, supporting their families, worshiping their God and enduring unspeakable hardships. And we fret about getting a traffic ticket for placing a Heart of Dixie sticker on our vehicle tags? “When the enemy makes a loud noise in the east, we must immediately look to the west, from whence the next attack is sure to come." (-Unknown.) God save us from our own cowardice, and from myopia. For, as painful as the current situation is to endure, we must not allow these cultural affronts to avert our gaze from an even larger peril; that is, a quest for world domination in which the subversives use cultural genocide as a diversionary tactic.
ANTHONY FREEMAN ADAMS
Mobile
“The principle for which we contend b bound to reassert itself, though it may be at soother time and in another form."
- President Jefferson Davis
— Let there be light —
Tennessee enlightens its legislature	This	story	was	censored	by	the	mediacracy	elsewhere
Said Tim Chavez of The Tennessean, the people of Tennessee were not supposed to win on May 23: working people like those who drove by the state capitol in their big rigs honking horns, stay-at-home moms who stood at Legislative Plaza with signs in one hand and children on the other, men in suits and women in dresses who kept looking at their watches as they took long lunch hours from their white-collar jobs.
The news media said that House Speaker Jimmy Naifeh had 53 votes to pass his income tax and protesters fatigued from continual appearances outside the state capitol wouldn’t muster more than 200.
During the prolonged vote, 24 troopers in riot helmets were dispatched to back down protesters carrying five American
Terminal Phase
Jews having been in charge of the medial for over a century, and now collaborating on intensified public brainwashing in this electronic data processing millennium, guilt-propaganda had become an art form, j If Southern patriots couldn’t be made to | feel shame, then at least helpless: reluctant to call the Zionist illegitimacy by its name. Let this treatise witness that it didn’t work.
Moms Dees, their goy at Montgomery’s
Southern Poverty Law Center, a Southern
hatemonger if ever there was one, beat the
“poverty level” by over 100 million bucks
by knowing the la w of which center to kiss.
Ai Gore, along with most of the goyim
practicing politics and mediacracy, was in
their pockets, too. Plans to gain full control
of our computer terminals depended on
such New World orderlies staying in place
- the big if. We see these megalomaniacs
forever experiencing anew that certain j
“slip ’twixt the cup and the lip” which even
President Lincoln might’ve avoided by
heeding his own sporadic wisdom (“You
can't fool all the people all the time.”)
And just what were the political uses of
this increasingly omnipresent computer?
We pioneers began focusing on its myriad
dangers and options, not least of which the
charges brought against us by phonies like
Morris Dees - a character intercepting our
email posts and concocting whatever his
keepers needed, to assist their “ejukashun”
of disciples seated before that PCTV box
awaiting the day’s realities.
Now with the Communist Internationale
no longer a threat and televised garbage
boycotted, our social guilt started
up.	-~t*«iiaiing further drift
nihilism, the ultimate “ism” and final gloom in central planning’s pantheon, we | self-redeeming citizens everywhere began drawing toward the alluring horizon of a brightening information age. Esteeming life’s continual motion as chartered by the Founders, such patriots might only pity j those left behind in Hollywood’s cesspool; for freedom’s glory in any age results from responsible living. We merely wanted to j get on with its endless exploration.
Science now seen as just mathematical representation for a magnificence beyond understanding, the supreme order of it all, where some coveted a New Babylon and pierced their bodies with chaos, we who recognized the miracle thanked God. Upon this stage to which man had stumbled after errantly wandering throughout many ages, j in an exciting historical moment for those who believed, this technology was on time.
When one could do without its opposite and sacrifice the TV habit four whole days each week, an activist champion of self-government had emerged; and the big Jewish magazine’s alarmed editors began calling for - reaction! Thus, Time s cover story featuring populist talkshow host Rush Limbaugh found the leftist flagship at last deployed in a defensive maneuver, asking its declining readership: “What is happening to representative democracy?” Direct policy initiatives by the people could only lead to discord, whimpered this media giant. Time's global advocates thought it quite sufficient that we peons
flags and the Tennessee banner.
It all didn’t matter. The people still won.
Even as they dispersed amid cheers, many protesters acknowledged that they would need to meet again. They know they can win 12 times and lose only once, and their cause will be vanquished. But, from their comments upon departing, Naifeh can be assured that protesters will be back in great numbers every time needed.
That was invigorating. Protesters have something the lawmakers and most of the media can’t comprehend - the thrill of regularly standing up for what they believe.
They know the state constitution says an income tax is illegal, that the flags they cany are on their side. Ours are supposed to be representative governments. Most
By Olaf Childress
voted, once every couple of years or so, our “representative” to their Establishment. Its desiderata later made clear, those goading such reelection-minded surrogates by way of daily press stimulants might luxuriate in sufficient leisure to plan the new order.
Time having seen better times, by the 2002 primaries a few politicians had begun sensing this sea change and no longer took for granted the liberal fleet's assuring their survival. For, although that 1994 midterm Republican tidal wave which overswept the bow as President Clinton and the media embraced in a love trance proved a wash, it warned of seething unrest out there in a still resourceful populace.
While those big guns of propaganda kept firing liberal myths at simpletons, the more savvy citizens (the taxpaying voters) began declaring this War on Honesty at an end. It was urgent for their input by way of the Jewish media bypass: a bombardment of elected officials with letters, regular sit-ins at committee meetings, phone calls, email posts and demonstrations — bringing ever more lawmakers and administrators to see the light. Smarmy form replies by staff, especially the moles, cost other “public servants” their jobs before the uncensored mandate became clear.
A survivalist candidate thus grew more interested in two-way “talk radio” publicity than costly TV ads and interviews meant to isolate the maverick and promote the team player. But he had to remain alert for the communist plant’s baited question. “Do I consider myself a ‘racist’? Sir, there’s no such word. Would knowing the difference between a Chevrolet and a Ford make me an ‘automobilist’?”
Isolation didn’t seem that bad an idea, however, for those couch potatoes needing to be emancipated from their robber-baron “protectors” pilfering the commonwealth, and put upon their own feet But turning off that stupid “entertainment” box, devourer of one’s time and individuality, would’ve counted for little if, rather than submitting to PCTV’s sitcom brainwashing, the same hours became wasted on computer games. For, fascinating though their “tic-tics” and “beep-beeps,” every educational or reflex coordinating claim touted by the vendors of such electronic toys was much more than offset by infused hyper activism.
The information highway was fraught with distractions of every sort. This didn’t imply the monitor screen needed to be shunned, far from it. But, to safely detour around the game-playing trap and into the realm of new awareness, investing some of their recovered time in profitably studying computer basic language was incumbent upon these redeemers - not for writing complex programs, but just so they could create macro instructions and audit internal files. While learning to manage electronic data, gathering and processing intelligence and sharing it with others, the resulting consensus must surely lead in time to a more satisfactory republic. With this new tool increasing their capacities for ^(/-government, it had to become good for the whole society. Even as its powerful search engines enabled one to investigate
Tennesseans oppose an income tax.
About 1,000 people protested outside the state capitol and War Memorial Plaza. Another 40-plus vehicles circled the block of the Plaza continuously for hours.
The ironic moment came when troopers overreacted, donning riot gear and striking the pose. The mostly conservative crowd started chanting, “The whole world is watching! The whole world is watching!” Holy Abbie Hoffman, it’s Chicago ’68! Several in the crowd smiled at each other over the rich irony of conservatives co-opting a chant liberals hold dear.
Naifeh and the media will blame such protesters for ignoring what they call the inevitability of an income tax. Their anger is like that of a druggie learning he won’t
For whom tl
and evaluate the logic of his own ideas as never before, the computer proved handy at building memory banks of useful facts pertaining exclusively to each individual’s interests. It gave freedom for examining one’s preferences and comparing them with the opinions of others, discovering thereby what works best while relishing greater fulfillment through understanding. With that appreciation of the new road map opening before them, they approached this endless frontier with awe.
Discovering and teaching truth did not appeal, as stated, to egomaniacs bent upon ruling the world. And having, as prelude to that ambition, taken possession of the now censored and ossifying mediacracy. Their complex portended nothing if not disaster, such an absurd fixation ignoring the fact that life is motion.
Nor had the redeemers of a sane culture, upon entering this new millennium, looked past salvation from those divisive media so far as to consider where its challenges were promising to dispatch otherwise self-ruled individuals.
The first democracy at ancient Athens provided every enfranchised citizen equal participation in direct government, having presaged a Roman senate in turn obliged to hear plebeians (which proxies for common townsmen finally augured a representative form). But that republic lasted only so long as the proud Romans pleased themselves, in their shining city on seven hills, to lord it over the proximate peninsula. Dispatching slaves across a New World Order to build roads and aqueducts under universal law, they were headed for the dark ages already when Augustus had himself written up as a god; such vanity foretelling nothing, if not the total collapse of his subjects’ pride. For rigid Utopia discounts the quintessential of life: Progress isn’t decreed from above, it’s intuited by self-motivated individuals.
When eighteenth-century American federalism recalled those antique political guarantees of freedom, Europe appreciated that lead and exploded from its medieval stagnancy, but raced beyond the goalposts toward another dictated “enlightenment.” The Atlantic Ocean was thankfully wider then, and so our polemics on delegating enumerated powers to Congress proceeded with little Old World interference. But it would merely be a matter of time until the fledgling news media, here as there, were preempted by centralizers having in mind to instruct obedient senators and plebes just how happy their prospects under the brain stormed first five-year “enlightened society” plan. Dejd vu? No, teleview.
That mediacracy, in finally becoming totalitarian, could broadcast its vision as the highest reality: a “New Age” banquet, another round of celebrated decline. But, for over two hundred years, the American people same as their Roman counterparts before them had lived blissfully ignorant of where all this central planning was headed.
Just when salvation seemed hopeless, the opposite intuition of a miracle beyond expectation suggested a different outcome. For it was quite late when all too few of us noted, and mustered the temerity to resist.
have any more financial support for his habit. The media dislike protesters because “interference” by the people in their own government breaks up their elitist game of helping crown kings and divvy up the spoils.
Luther Hill, Jr. of Nashville said he took a half-day off work from his construction and engineering employer to stand three hours in the hot sun on the capitol steps. He brought his son, Joshua.
“Yes, sir, it’s worth being out here, every time,” he said. “I don’t want Uncle Sam or the governor going into my pocket without my permission. I want my son to see that this is the way to protest, without getting violent” And share in an invigorating win for the people.
fs miracle?
this oligarchy which had taken over our government. Steadily distancing itself from the people as its size increased, a bloated ancient world order now received parades of special interests having studied the media game. Around the public trough, as contracts and awards were toasted and devoured at great feasts, reclining thievery proclaimed itself “representative” of those forced to pay escalating taxes for shrinking freedoms.
Where the Attic “Gang of Thirty” had sold their democratic birthright to foreign Spartans, uncountable conspirators were hellbent on surrendering this new franchise to the “united nations.” With promises of insurance and retirement policies for those “democratically-elected representatives” pursuing the mediacracy's agenda, did they not respect the people’s will as bound by oath? Yes! said the concocted polls.
To counter that ruse, it was time to play -the new electronic card, which could only happen when a majority of voters worked together online availing themselves of the technological wonder at hand. But how long until enough taxpayers understood they might privatize the entire bureaucracy by employing sentinel proxies to monitor and instruct their representatives, reporting back results? In cybemetically accounting the puhlic will and plotting its execution in actual motion, the theory of democracy should finally be realized.
All of which was archaic, but radically new. We had been educated to doubt the undeliberated will of common people. Yet please note that those same educators were always hot for an unlimited franchise, so long as themselves remained between the plebes and their senators. Please reread this passage, and see the irony I’m driving at. Athens suffered no slaves or foreigners to vote. The rash, democratic decision that condemned Socrates could never match the notoriety of NAFTA.
I was listening in the rain one Saturday at Jackson prior to the Mississippi flag vote when John Cripps urged our participation as candidates. “You believe yourselves not qualified for public office?” he asked. Indicating left and right the two legislative chambers on whose steps he was standing: “Do you think these people qualified?” In changing the statutes, we mustn’t rush to judgment, of course; but neither could we afford to let freeloaders and illiterates continue voting themselves handouts and jury awards.
Online democracy had to reaffirm the constitution in its entirety, after removing only the unratified amendments. And why wait for a scheduled election to terminate that unfaithful proxy? How could your elected official deny his obvious mandate as under the outmoded Jewish regime? Legislators would be asked to ignore the media polls and vote the stated will of their constituents according to precisely tracked data on every issue. Naturally, this didn't call for immediate gratification, though that’s what the boob tube was advocating; nor mob mentality “reforms” after the style of many a sitting judge reading media cue cards while steering us into dire straits. Cl