8UROEON 0BNRML1 WARNING; Flrit-time reader* of itlemate news, especially boob lube babies, may experience severe loss Of Confidence in (he Beiabllf hmeni preei and lube.
Speech and religion were Already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms.**
But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
\ The First
_i Freedom irr^T
self-government begins at home
Volume 4 Number 2
http://www.gu1 Bel .com/homefrce/
what only Individuals can chew. It's time we recovered those powers not delegated.
February 2002
Alabama Capitol grounds project,
By Jane G. Doughty What do ERA, PL 104-333. TEA-71, AI.DOT, AHC, and Governor Siegelman have in common? Answer: All are included in the project on the Alabama Capitol Grounds, and are. after more than a year, still parts of the $5.8 million puzzle for the citizens of Alabama. The title of the puzzle project is: "landscaping at the Trail End of the Historic Selma to Montgomery
Trail (Capitol Building)."
Architects at Giattina Fisher Aycock in Birmingham have apparently been at work conceiving a plan for the grounds of the Alabama Capitol to the tune of about $700,000 of Alabama tax dollars. Alabama Historical Commission (AHC) material states that their agency was directed by Governor Siegelman to oversee this project. The architects were then chosen to

___'byipniani
TlMMS Sttsadtia tht January II, Ut2 caramony at ttaa capitol la Montgomery for our I4lal anniversary off Alabama's wuiIm from tbs United States Included these keepers of the faith In period costumes. The Farewell Add ram of President Jefferson Davis to the U.S. Senate was read by hla lineal descendant, Mr. fhlllp Davis, top raw right Dr. Cscil Williamson, top row left, recited the Ordinance ef Secession (below).
« A%tt Orf/Jtitnier (o r/hlAo/ttc tfir tttdott /xdtttmtt (/te (ftftaic of ^//a/xtnta attf/(Ae ot/ter	aHttor/ttttf/er t/te rotpxnd A(u/er/	</Bo/tA(((tt((0ti
c/tAe ^/fitter/ 0taM </- SSntertea *
f HAeeenA, fhee/rotton of3fl6raAam HA nerd a and SUanniAtd d/am/Jn to tAe efteai ef frHtdent amt etee feattdent ef tAe fatted (pAntai ef jffmeetea, Ay a Aeettemdfaety. aeneertty Aatfifeto tAedenmttte tnAtttuttenA a a ftfn tAefeaee an ftieeuetty tf tAefrefde tftAe (pAate ff. Xtatn ma, frecer(ed<Ay mm ay martdaayeeoaA trfimcttonA eftAe cent/t/Mt/rn ef/Ae f'//nttrd (pAatei Ay am ay eftAe (pAotni a a dfeefdr eftAe PA/eetAeen Aeetten, M afrdittca(tree ay rfto taAn(ttny amtamaaetay a eAaeaetee at tefeUify tArfrrfJe eftAe (p/fate ef '/Pffahama in tAe adtftten rffee aft amt decider/ meaAaeaife tAete fttaerfeaee amtArcaetfy. tAerefoee:
fAe tt fteetaeertmattordainedAy tAeferftr eftAe (pftate ef vjOtnAama, /a Wnnrentton fbUrmA/nt, Pfflaf tAe (pftate tfvPPtahama ante to/Mdeatni. mart At AeeeAy nd/Adeatenfeem tAe ( //nion A note a at “Me I /fatter/ (pAaiat tffpfmeeiea, “amtAeaeefetA eeatat te Ae eae rftattt ^//atted (pAatat, and tA. amtef etyAt oayAt te Ae a (pfoeeeetya aa/t\Pndrfendent (pAate.
(p/ee (/. (Ae i/fit ether fteetaeert amt eedained Ay tAefnf/e tf tAe (pAate tfKp/tahanw ta ^jnaerattea aUemAtert, PjKat ahffnseeei rare tAe tyreettoey eftaitt (pAate, a arteeee tAe ferftr tAefeef herrttforc de/eyaled te tAe (\yneeenment eftAe fr/nited (pAatat tf• P/meeiea. Ae a art tAey a ee AeeeAy tet/Ademenfirm tabtfflrrrrnmrnt, matt tree AeeeAy rata mod and ratted In tAe feefte eftAe (pAnteef\ Phthnma. », x/ttdftA tf ft tAe dnVre nndfntfoAe tftAeferfte tf*(Plata ma te meet tAe AAteeAtdtd ny (pAatal eftae (pfettiA, teAo may iff rare Arndtfnefaie, ta eettre fefame af reeMiraataA toe//aAfrrmanent (Qoorenmrnt tfon tAefetnefdat eftAe Pdo restitution tftAe ( //nitert (pftatai.
fAett eakdoed Ay tArfetf/eof/PlaAnma ta 'ffionoent/on aMemh/ed, Pfflat /Aeferftr tftAe (Aa/at ef QAdmeaee, PAfary/nnd. (ileytn/a, $ Worth fftnrrdtna, (pfoatA Wrr eettan, PSHoettta, (yeory/a, • AAutUfft, iP/patitana, S/ZasaA. 3SfdtanittA, 3/rn natter, iJ/enfutdty amt iJtAuraei. AraaetaeeAreeAy tnetted te meet tAeferfte ef tAe (pftate ofPP/aAa am, Ay tAete \ QArtryafak. ta einaeenttea, an tAe dtA day ef Pf/Amaey. /P/jQ/IZ, (tit) t, at tAe rtty tf SfAatyomeey. in tAe (pAate rfSS/aAn am,fe tAefpa fate efeeaAtdNny lettA racA other tU te tAe\ matt fffrtmd mode ef Area etay concerted and An emo at oat action In toAateeee mraAaent may Ae deemed matt detieoAte/Ae eae commonfeme andXcaetty,
ZP/ad Ae it fit etAer eaudoed, 37/Zat tAe (jfeattdent oftAiA	eneeatten. Ae and iA AeeeAy
taAteweted te teanAmit fietArettA a eefy ef tAe firry at ay fjfrenmAte, Ordinance, and ffiakdattenA te tAe (fieeeenent eftAe Amend (pArrtat namrrt/n Aa/d eatoArttenA.
CZrneAy tAefnfde tftAe (pAate tf* Ptahama, in '/ftonrmttrn aAiendted, at PWontyamery, en iAti, tAe etmea/A day rf^panuacy, ZPffijfi), (tV() /,
an Alabama puzzle
begin a conceptual plan.
AHC malcrial also states that plans will incorporate the following:
■	Add fill dirt in order to slope Goat Hill to make a "more gentle approach."
■	Eliminate parking on and narrow Bain-bridge Street, in effect moving the grounds out from capitol and into Bainbridge.
■	Eliminate parking on and narrow Dexter Avenue, planting trees in that area.
■	Shift statues for design purposes.
■	Create outdoor assembly space for exercise of freedom of speech.
Many of these ideas seem to have surfaced from the "Phase I Final Report: Opportunities Analysis for AHC Properties; Analysis of Programs In Other Stales," which was prepared for AHC by Economics Research Associates (ERA) in conjunction with Thomas Gallaher, and Giattina Fisher Aycock Architects. The report was presented to AHC in April, 2001.
Chosen by AHC to prepare this study, ERA is a California corporation which maintains offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington D.C., Chicago, New York City, San Diego, and London, England. This report was prepared for AHC by the Washington, D.C. office. The ERA corporation provides economic and planning analysis in the fields of entertainment and recreation, resorts and hotels, golf advisoiy services, real estate, economic planning and policy, plus public assembly facilities. Listed among the many clients of ERA arc Disney World, Warner Brothers.
MSvie wortat tegoLand. Mail or
America, Universal Studios Japan, the National Aquarium in Baltimore, Ycrba Buena Gardens and Casino America.
In this "Phase I Final Report" to the Alabama Historical Commission, ERA ranked the 17 Alabama state properties supervised by AHC as to their business potential plus the interpretive potential, included in these 17 properties are the Alabama State Capitol alongside the currently undeveloped historic properties listed as the "Montgomery Greyhound and Collateral Sites." The Alabama State Capitol and the Greyhound sites are given the highest rating for AHC "history interpretations." ERA recommendations in the report for opportunities to be carried out by AHC at the Alabama State Capitol include the following statements:
"There are differing political views on what happened here and why, yet AHC must help bridge the stories."
"AHC must prepare to interpret the State Capitol as a prime interpretive site in nationally and internationally significant events from the 1860s to the 1960s. This could involve interpretive story telling techniques and living history interpretations."
"AHC might consider developing a major welcome center at the State Capitol to introduce visitors to the Capitol and the events that happened there."
‘The center would contain orientation and interpretation spaces, food and beverage services, comfort facilities and merchandising areas.**
"AHC might consider developing an aggressive for-profit plan to provide (hospitality) services and facilities in-house."
That's it, fellow citizens: all of the above - in the Alabama State Capitol!
Funding for the $5.8 million "Landscaping" is also part of the puzzle for Alabama citizens. The project is to be ftinded with Transportation Enhancement Funds (TEA-21). These Federal Enhancement Funds go to Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT), and are allotted by the Director of ALDOT (who is, by the way, appointed by the governor) for a variety of projects. There are definite federal rules that must be met by the project before becoming approved for these funds. That application for federal ftinding must state how the project qualifies under its requirements, including a cost estimate of the specific work planned.
ALDOT and AHC have stated that no application for this project was made.
•Therefore, they have not divulged Wow this project meets the federally required "Relationship to Transportation," since the money is collected as Transportation taxes. Alabama Transportation Enhancement Projects are awarded these federal funds at
of the estimated coat form peojoct. Tim
sponsoring group (in this case, AHC) it required to match that amount with the other 20%. This Capitol Project has been awarded not 80% but 100% of its cost The average amount given by ALDOT for projects with this Enhancement Funding is $200,000. But ALDOT has assigned the Project an amount more than 20 times that average - $5,695,251.96.
Public Law 104-333 adds yet another dimension to the massive puzzle. This law contains the statement upon which Project Sponsor AHC stakes claim to $5.8 million of our tax dollars for "Landscaping."
On November 12, 1996, Public Law 104-333 amended Title V - Historic Areas and Civil Rights. Section 501, 5(a), by adding a new paragraph which states: "The Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail, consisting of 54 miles of city streets and United States Highway 80 from Brown Chapel A.M.E. Church in Selma to the State Capitol Building in Montgomery, Alabama..." The use of that term. "Stale Capitol Building," in this public law is in error. The voting rights march did not (See "Interpretive story telling," page 2)
The bugle calls for February 2002
Sure and it's lough9 patriots; but, depending on your circumstances, try to be at a couple of these events.
Feb. 2 Martii Gras Parade, Monroe, LA. Confederates to old Lowe's bldg., 4:00 pm.
Feb. 5 - 11:00 AM. Government Plaza in Mobile, protest the arrest of Tim Meadows.
Feb. 5 - 1:00 PM. Mobile Municipal Court 202 Government Street, Tim Meadows and we will justify his carrying a Confederate battle flag in the 2001 Veterans Day parade.
Feb. 9 - See www.gulftel.com/homefree for time and location of Lawrence County School Board meeting (details unknown at press time), where students were forbidden to wear symbols of their Southern heritage.
Feb. 6 - 10:00 AM, Alabama Historical Commission meets in Old I louse Chamber.
Feb. 8 - Alabama Coalition public meeting 7:00 PM in Prattville at the City Caft.
Feb. 16 - 9:00 AM. Alabama Div. SCV Exc. Board meets at the Hampton Inn, Cullman.
Feb. 16 - Inauguration of Jcflcrson Davis as President of the Confederate States of America. Please observe at your camp, chapter, community and newspaper. We must continue educating the masses on our history, and celebrate its pertinent days.
Feb. 25 -12:30 PM. District Courtroom 2c, Wyatt Willis answers for having Alabama flag by the Capitol Christmas tree on which Gov. Siegelman wanted only U.S. Flags.
— Rethinking the revolution —
Defenders of Southern heritage rally for their rights
Tired of these media assaults on
everything they stand for, decent citizens are starting to fight back. By Ellen Williams
Fraldcat, TW Alabama GanlMao
Mobile (SNS) — Tuesday,
February 5. 2002, at 11:00 am an assembly of the people at 202 Government Street in the Government Plaza Courtyard will peaceably protest the illegal acres! of Tim Meadows for carrying a Confederate battle flag in the Veterans Day parade and also vent their displeasure with this city's violating the constitutional rights of others who had likewise gathered
to march as an orderly unit in that same parade.
As we come together on this day, let us show the city leaders of Mobile that Southern culture, the constitution and our beloved battle flag will be defended. Nor will we allow the rights of those who display pride in their Southern heritage to be trampled upon.
We are assembling to make them understand: concerned citizens of Alabama, as well as other states, stand behind this struggle for Southern civil rights. Let us demand a fair and unbiased trial for Tim Meadows — while reminding the mayor that Southern heritage issues are
not settled in Mobile.
The time has come for proud Southerners to demonstrate together against those who wish to suppress our culture, violate our constitutional rights, take away our liberties and deny us our God-given freedoms.
Many have already made it known that they will be attending this historic protest We are asking all Southerners to join with us in making this stand for freedom in Mobile, Alabama - the Heart of Dixie.
Advertise your business in The First Freedom Somebody had to put out this newspaper, and it's our pleasure, but we could use a little help. Won't you place an ad with us?
Tim James: Need new governor, not constitution; but amend it with right of initiative and referendum
By Olaf Childress Greenville (SNS) - “Tin tired of being lied to by politicians,** said Bill Cox of Pike Rood, standing to address Republican gubernatorial candidate Tim James following supper at the Greenville Country club Friday^ Jan. 25. “We directors of the Alabama Coalition are here tonight looking for straight answers. How will you stop all this government corruption?**
The eldest son of former Governor Fob James, having just finished giving his position on what he believes will prove decisive in this year's battle for the governor's chair, that big issue being constitutional reform, didn't blink. Whereas Tim James trusts the amendment process to cure whatever ails our 1901 Alabama Constitution, his three major^ opponents are uniformly behind the liberal media's call for rewriting the whole thing— which is what had brought Mr. Cox to the slicking point: “Who's going to determine the makeup of that rewrite panel?**
Director Phi! Beverly of Birmingham elaborated the group's point further: “That's what this race is about — truth. We are disgusted with lying politicians. Don't tell us what we wish to hear, but what you truly believe.**
Director Patricia Godwin of Selma summarized this Alabama Coalition's sharp line of interrogation with, “Mr. James, the people you see crowded into this room are leaders representing a cross-section of typical Alabama voters
who've determined the outcome of several recent governor elections. Don Siegelman is totally vulnerable at this time, so the candidate we back will surely win. Forget the special-interest fringes; go for the best interests of us all. We are looking for someone who will stand up for our Southern heritage, preserve the traditions of this state, its freedom, gun ownership and property rights, and make clear he trusts the people with the right of initiative and referendum which 26 other states now enjoy. Tell us where you stand. Look people in the eye when promising. Are you that man?** “Lady,** replied Mr. James returning her intent gaze, “If everybody looked each other in the eye as hard as you do, there would be no lying politicians left. But I don't need to remember what I've said at one gathering when addressing another. My positions are firm and well reasoned. Yes, I do make promises while becoming better informed on what actually needs fixing that is within a governor's power, but what I stand for will not change.** Here, then, are the tasks Tim James says he will undertake right away, and, if elected governor, further perform to the best of his ability:
■ Call, immediately, for all state lawmakers and candidates between now and November to openly declare where they stand on an initiative and referendum bill, letting it be known whether they would trust the people with this power, or stick with the euphemistic excuse that such an amendment to the
Alabama Constitution might be misused.
■	In his inaugural address, ask the legislature for an initiative and referendum bill similar to the one proposed in several legislative sessions already by Rep. Phil Crigler (for text, go to www.gulftel.com/homefree/HB407.htm.
■	As governor, stop Alabama Historical Commission President Lee Warner's project which has accepted a $6 million bribe from Washington for changing the Alabama Capitol into a shrine commemorating the 1965 Selma-to-Montgomevy civil rights march.
■	Resist any such additional usurpations by unelected bureaucrats of power vested in the governor.
■	Strictly defend the Alabama Constitution, the U.S. Constitution, the Bill of Rights, freedom to peaceably carry the Alabama flag in front of the capitol without harassment and Confederate symbols in such public events as Veterans Day parades.
Judging by the number of bumper stickers and yard signs called for by those in attendance, it appears Tim James may have gained a head start in the governor's race with this crowd. □
CORRECTION Our January issue stated March Against Crime had “joined" the Alabama Coalition. Both organizations maintain liaison and exchange information as separate entities.
The Alabama League of the South State Conference will be held Saturday, March 9, at the Ramada Inn Statehouse, 924 Madison Avenue in Montgomery. Sign-in from 9:30 AM; event 10:00-3:30. SI5.00 per person, meal included. AO Southern patriots welcome. Alabama League members to receive invitations by mail. Others should contact Steven Fitts at 334-874-6027 or by email at fitzford@juno.com as reservations must be made in advance. Those who care about the future of the South should attend this important meeting.
Interpretive story telling
(Continued from page 1) reach the state capitol building. It ended in the middle of Bainbridge Street where speakers stood on a flatbed trailer speaking to the small crowd of marchers gathered Public Law 104-333, as amended, is in error and should be corrected for historical accuracy; yet AHC Director Lee Warner, a Wisconsin native, says this project -which proposes to spend $5.8 million of our taxes reconfiguring Alabama's capitol grounds - has chosen that law for its basis. The AHC, unconcerned whether Law 104-333 is accurate or not is more interested in developing tourist facilities and merchandising areas in and around the state capitol and providing itself with the opportunity for “interpretive story telling and history interpretations."
In considering all these puzzle pieces, keep in mind that Alabama Code Section 41-9-261 states the Alabama Historical Commission is authorized “...to promote and preserve the historic character and architectural purity of the Capitol building and grounds...** Changing the terrain of Alabama's National Historic Landmark on Goat Hill into a mass venue for^entcram-ment, merchandising, and interpretive story telling" is not the way to “preserve the historic character" of the Alabama Capitol.
An article entitled Southern Discasfrt in the NovJDec. 2001 issue of Presemm magazine by a Birmingham attorney concerning the capitol grounds project states: “A plan should be finalized by February." Therefore. Alabama citizens are encouraged to attend the next AHC regular quarterly meeting in Montgomery at the capitol on February 6.2002 and find out more about this project
Jane G. Doughty, co-chairman of SOCC1 (SaveOr Capitol Citizens' Initiative), believes in historicil accuracy and proper tax use.
University of West Florida demonstrates leftist “tolerance”
Campus gestapo manhandles retiree upon signal from Morris Dees
By Connie Ward
Pensacola (SNS) — Two University of West Florida policemen Saturday, Jan. 12 physically removed a Southern heritage advocate from a reception that followed a speech by Morris Dees, attorney and
The First Freedom
PO Box 3tS. Saverhlll, AL 36576 Email: homrfrnr@giilflcl mm Editor daf Childress Correspondents: Lloyd Capciton, Jane Doughty. Nick Jongebloud, Tim Meadows, Elwin Rozyskic, l.inde Sewell, Tom Smith, Bob Ihylor, Nelson Walks. EUcn Williams. Tony Wilson.
TO SUBSCRIBE: Sand $12.00 for a one-year subscription by mail anywhere in U.S. (Bulk rales at bottom of page I.)
Seff gums watar begins ar horns. Citizens are free to guide tbc State of Alabama in a sensible direction. Why not let /nr ideas be heard? Join the actions brought to light each month by this nonprofit newspaper. Except for copyrighted pieces, permission is hereby granted to reprint or quote The First Freedom in whole or part provided full credit with address b given.
Submissions will be carefully edited for space and style sheet as necessary, but without changing writer's meaning. No raponsibilify assumed for unsolicited manuscripts; email preferred. Please show addrear and phone number for verification. Only name and locality will be printed.
co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center. Dees was in Pensacola as part of the university's John C. Pace Symposium Series.
An estimated 300 people, most of them baby-boomer-age UWF alumni, along with a dozen or two current students, attended the speech in the Center for Fine and Performing Arts. A handful of Southern heritage activists was also on hand to monitor any misrepresentation of their movement by Dees and to distribute the current issue of The First Freedom, an alternative newspaper published in Baldwin County, Alabama.
At the reception afterward, held in the Fine Arts building lobby, Olaf Childress, editor of The First Freedom, approached Dees for an interview. Childress said he had asked only one question when Dees poked him in the chest with a finger and the policemen, instantly and in tandem as if they had been signaled, grabbed Childress and removed him from the building.
Tommie Lyn Blackburn, a Southern heritage advocate, was an eyewitness to part of the incident and reported that the two campus policemen had Childress by the arms and were shoving him backwards.
“They shoved him backwards through the lobby and pushed him into the door to open it, and continued to shove him out to the sidewalk in front of the building. I
couldn't believe those two young, strapping campus cops would physically manhandle an older gentleman like that," Blackburn said.
Outside, Childress attempted to ascertain why he had been removed. One campus policeman said Childress had “caused a disturbance." but refused to elaborate or say anything further whatever.
“I said something about getting the cops' names off their badges,*9 said Blackburn, “and this guy crossed his arms and kept hunching them up higher and higher so you couldn't see his nameplate.**
The two policemen who had manhandled Childress out of the lobby, a third which arrived on the scene after the removal incident, and a probable plain-clothes security officer of unknown affiliation who appeared to be monitoring the situation, refiised to answer any further questions from Childress or any of his compatriots who had gathered in front of the building.
A Southern heritage advocate who asked not to be identified reported that she pointedly asked each security person in turn to relate what had taken place inside, and to identify Childress's transgression.
“They would just look all around, like they hadn't seen or heard me — like they didn't even know I was there. I said, 'My gosh, has everybody suddenly gone deaf?' and one campus cop finally looked at me.
shrugged and said. “I just got here. I wasn't in there when it happened, so 1 don't knot* what happened."
Childress repeated his conversation with Dees for his compatriots. “I said to Morris Dees, 'Sir, I was in Montgomery Alabama yesterday with a heritage group, celebrating the secession of Alabama from the Union in 1861, across the street from your huge palace where you've made a lot of money in this tolerance game.'* Childress said. “I told him, 4I love the people in his hall is much as you do. Therefore, my question is, why do you continually attack us Southern heritage groups and try to make it out that we are racists, when we are not racists?"
The unidentified compatriot said. 1 wanted to ask the campus cops about that Is asking a question now the same thing as causing a disturbance? But while Mr. Childress was relating his encounter with Dees, the campus cops quietly slipped away"
That signaled an end to the incident
“There weren't any injuries or arrests and only two casualties," said the anonymous Southron. “The truth and the First Amendment.**
Connie Ward, publisher and editor of 190 Degrm True South and The Southern News Service - «i http://hammer.prohosting.com/'Cward index.html -is also a former staff writer for The Florida Sun and a member of The League of the South
February 2002 The First Freedom 3
I	JCAlAwAG
The search for Morris Dees	mOMH
Since this darling of the Anti-Defamation League defames, at every opportunity, OUR heritage, we decided to visit HIS “tolerance” lecture at the U. of West Florida.
By Olaf Childress
Mr. Dees, you need me more than I need you. Without a few “hate-filled conspiracy theorists,** where would your racket be?
The-o-ry <LL. Theoria, a hypothesis assumed for the sake of argument or investigation, an unproved assumption.
Well, now. Today, as your immoral “New World Order” is preached openly, it’s not theory but fact that a conspiracy is arrayed in attack against my Southern heritage.
You “love-filled. New Age” theorists, Mr. Dees, bewitched with beds, banks and bureaus, put faith in apparitions, don’t you? But - remember Macbeth?
Maybe not. Yet please recall my attempt to ask you a couple of questions following your “tolerance” lecture on Jan. 12,2002:
“Mr. Dees, I was in front of the capitol in Montgomery yesterday,” I began, “along with a heritage group commemorating our
January II, 1861 Alabama Secession Proclamation. Down the street from there stands your organization’s multimillion dollar palace. I realize you’ve made a bundle in this toleration racket, but...” Your face suddenly changed. “Do you have a question I’m supposed to answer? I'm not listening to this belligerence!” “Yes,” I replied calmly. “What I want to know is, why does the SPLC repeatedly publish propaganda associating our Southern heritage movement with hate? We tell eveiyone who will listen, it has nothing to do with hate. Why do you hate us teaching true history?”
“Look, I don’t answer that kind of talk!” Your visage suddenly appeared savage enough to kill (were it safe and opportune). You glanced at the guard and knocked me off balance, punching me in the chest with that finger apparently being his signal; for, “Come on,” growled the burly guard, two uniformed men then grabbing my arms and dragging me toward the door. “You’re out of here!” An apology by the University of West Florida is expected; but, Mr. Dees, from one incapable of admitting error, no mea culpa is likely - not even in theory.
Photo by OmnieWvd
Readers, for more on this creep, look at www.zianet.com/wblase/eadtiiiies/dee3l.htiii — Morris Dees: Child Molester, Pervert, and Liar. If that doesn’t convince you, go to www.chronklesmagazine.org/1197Francis. htm for what columnist Dr. Samuel Francis says about The Strange Career of Morris Dees. Finally, www.freerepublic.com/fo-rum/a3a3e5cb925c4.htm gives the lowdown on The Church of Morris Dees. And now you know why he takes no questions. 0
Reinventing a town, a culture, a state constitution
The Independent, aRobertsdale weekly that was truly independent when founded by Glen Marti, now as part of Gulf Coast Newspapers declined to print this letter.
By Olaf Childress
Whom do we kid? With ever more confused judgment. as a populace, surrounded by material comforts aren’t we just a wee bit too-o cozily wrapped up in all this do-good/sm to notice we’ve marched way past our goals and best interests?
The individual has little faith in “representatives” who act without restraint (much as himself), but nobody names that coin we’re chasing. No, its two faces are called, instead, progress and tolerance. Why, we wouldn’t dream of promoting the public weal for personal gain, or doing charity work out of reasons other than love, now would we?
Whether your “representatives” are clerical or secular it’s often quite similar, be they corporate lobbyists gathering political contributions to buy open borders and cheap labor for their patrons, or chapels offering pop religion in Spanish while helping those illegal immigrants find food and shelter; as church and state fight over clients, they produce this obese underclass we see waddling about.
With one minority group contentedly fat albeit insolent, another lean but (momentarily) working for peanuts, we taxpayers are too busy kidding ourselves to step off the carousel. “Who would otherwise fill those jobs at that price?” Get this country back to self-sufficiency, stop exporting all jobs except the menial, and living wages will return! Does not endlessly forcing our over regulated domestic goods to compete with foreign slave labor suggest a nation’s imminent debt collapse? Shades of 9-11, do we need this? Turn off that stupid TV, start praying! The zapped-out may reply: for what? To begin with, better judgment
Rep. Walter Penry might’ve been right shooting down Rep. Phil Crigler’s Initiative and Referendum bill in committee with: “People sign anything you shove in front of them!” Nonetheless, and dangerous as it may seem from his vantage point for ordinary citizens to have more control than a quadrennial pageant whereat our “representatives” notice us. I’m for an I&R Amendment to the Alabama Constitution.
Instead, Rep. Penry is drafting a bill to enlarge the town of Silverhill by more than ten times its present size as a favor to our new mayor, Mr. Allen Green. The latter, having moved to Silverhill and opened the
town's only bank, may be hoping for a tenfold jump in progress and tolerance to send sewer and water construction borrowing his way. The Independent quotes Mr. Green saying when fire plugs are installed a homeowner’s fire insurance may come down by $400 or $500 per year, easily offsetting higher property taxes. Remember, fellow citizens in these targeted areas: if Mayor Green is here hinting the amount of increased taxes we must expect to pay, government cost estimates invariably miss the mark; it’s the only time one can call those big spenders conservative. Progress and tolerance? A banker ought to know how many homeowners can’t afford fire insurance after taxes in the first place.
If Rep. Penry hadn't killed the Initiative and Referendum bill supported by Mobile’s March Against Crime, Citizens for Freedom in Baldwin County, former Baldwin
Is it global warming or global cooling? Depends on which way the liberal winds blow at any given millennium. They obviously can V help themselves. It-s in their genes.
By Lloyd A. Caperton
Recently scientists claim to have made breakthroughs in deciphering the human genome, or genetic code. They say there is very little difference between individuals, groups or races, even among humans and animals little difference. For example, a frog is said to have many of the same genes, a cat 90% and a chimpanzee almost 99% of the same genes as a human. They also say there is little genetic difference between the various races of humans. The liberals and socialists who support Karl Marx’s ideas of egalitarianism seize upon this new genetic discovery to further promote their agenda which asserts no one group, culture or set of morals is any better than another. They claim that the genome discovery proves this, since it says we are all just about alike.
In the case of genes, however, a very small amount of difference can mean a lot
If there is no genetic difference among us, then explain why a hair found at a crime scene can determine the race, eye colour, etc., of its owner to a 99% or better degree of certainty simply from having the DNA analysed? That fact pretty much blows out of the water the liberal propaganda that we are “all the same.” Such ideas stem from Marxism, which maintains all differences between us are the result of social injustice.
County Commissioner Hilo Middleton, myself and many others, households in these presently targeted areas could decide how much they’re willing to pay for water, sewer or city garbage services. If enough to attract qualified contractors, fine; otherwise, forget it. But, no. What we get is this up or down vote that would give the banker a blank check.
How many lobbyists understand the word conservative? None. Thank God, with one drive now underway they’ll have to convince a majority of voters, not just the “representati ves” railing for a new Alabama Constitution. Trust those in office to reinvent the whole of state laws? Never! They’re too much like ourselves. Let's hang onto what’s left of public morality a while longer, tolerate common sense and make progress slowly. All could change. With prayer, we may see a happier new year. □
with historical accidents and oppression being responsible for variations among human groups.
It is necessary for the population to believe this before those in charge can rearrange society and right the wrongs that supposedly make us unequal; so, in order to institute their ideology, the media and education system must teach children and adults this false science. The scientists themselves, who know better, are advised to keep quiet or lose their positions for being politically incorrect.
The simple fact is, we are different and unequal; no amount of redistributed wealth, forced busing, or social engineering can ever change that. There are those with agile bodies who lack mental strength. Some are good-looking, others ugly. A few may be strong, handsome and smart, but still fail to make good use of those qualities; while, among the weak, dumb and ugly, some will “get lucky.”
That’s just the way things arc. The environment we grow up in means a lot, but so do our genes determine what we’ll become. For example, I am mostly of Celtic ancestry. The Scottish Celts fought against first the Romans and then the English who wanted centralised government. Still later, they came to America and fought Yankees who favoured the same. I spend a lot of time fighting the idea. At least one reason I feel compelled to do so is that it’s in my genes, same as with my ancestors. If so, then much of what I do, and what I am, is predetermined. Which possibly explains why I’m inclined to be “a rebel.” Until next time, take care. Dixie forever!	□
Genetic engineering for idiots
a different slant on the news
Htra'i what was Ignored or mbraportaf elsewhere
HERE A LYNX, THERE A LYNX. Lost on most mainstream media was this story by the Washington Times about a group of federal and state wildlife workers planting false evidence of a threatened species in three national forests. According to the delayed Forest Service investigation report (supposedly because of a private personnel matter), seven government employees (three from the Forest Service, two from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and two from the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife) planted at least five separate samples of Canadian lynx hair on rubbing posts in Gifford Pinchot National Forest, Wenatchee National Forest and Mount Baker/Snoqualmie National Forest in Washington state, then arranged to have the hair samples sent to a lab as evidence of the rare wildcats inhabiting those areas.
“SLICK” ASKED FOR IT. Terrorist pilot Mohammed Atta blew up a bus In Israel In 1986. The Israelis captured, tried and imprisoned him. As part of the Oslo agreement with the Palestinians in 1993, Israel had to agree to release so-called “political prisoners.” However, the Israelis would not release any with “blood on their hands.” The American President at that time. Bill Clinton, and Secretary of State Warren Christopher “insisted” that all prisoners be released. Thus Mr. Atta was freed and eventually “thanked the U.S.” by flying an airplane into Tower One of the World Trade Center, as reported by TV at the time the terrorists were first identified. This fact was censored from all later reports.
THREE FLAG-RAISING FIREMEN, just hours after the World Trade Center was leveled, as depicted in a widely publicized photograph taken by New Jersey’s Bergen Record, were white. But when a statue commemorating the event was unveiled at the FDNY’s Brooklyn headquarters, the three white firefighters had been replaced by a racially diverse trio of unidentified fire department staffers. All flags being equal, shouldn’t it have been a white cloth?
STOP WORK ORDER. On Monday, January 14, Roger Broxton of Andalusia filed in the Montgomery Circuit Court a suit for a preliminary and permanent injunction that would stop Governor Don Siegelman and the Alabama Historical Commission from extending the Alabama Capitol Grounds into Bainbridge Street and forbid changing the boundary of the capitol grounds or altering their slopes.
FLIP-FLOP. “[The] abandonment of the gold standard made it possible for the welfare statists to use the banking system as a means to an unlimited expansion of credit... In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its holdings illegal, as was done in the case of gold... The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves... [This] is the shabby secret of the welfare statist’s tirades against gold. Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the 'hidden* confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights.” Thus wrote [now Fed Chairman] Alan Greenspan in 1966.
FOOD STAMPS TO IMMIGRANTS. President Bush wants to restore them. Haven’t we been bombarded recently with assurances that the Mexicans are here only to work, and that the U.S. economy would quickly fail without them? Now Bush wants to add 363,000 of these to the welfare rolls. Which is it?
SEN. HILLARY CLINTON wants us to compensate, as survivors of the 9-11 attack, the domestic partners of homosexuals who died in that World Trade Center collapse.
4 The First Freedom February 2002	 Mobile
How much do we need initiative & referendum? Let me count the ways
It might’ve been liberal business as usual had the public not come to visit Mobile United’s public forum.
By Nick Jongebloed
Mobile (SNS) - Efforts to shout down, with charges of “racism," anyone wishing to use the initiative and referendum features in Alabama Act 85-229 - the so-called “Zoghby bill" - have been relentless. That option allows citizens to collect signatures on a petition to change this city's present form of government If successful, the move will require the city council to call a special referendum election to vote on whether the city will change from mayor-council into a district commission with appointed city manager.
Now comes a petition from Mobile voters who have collected signatures demanding a ballot only for changing the present mayor-council form which requires five of seven votes, a “super majority," to pass every council motion except the final budget into a simple majority for all action. This has resulted in charges of racism by black leaders, both political and religious, toward those in the city who support such efforts to gather signatures for the petition.
At a “public forum" called by Mobile United on Jan. 10 to discuss this issue of “super majority," nothing was “united." Our usual definition of a forum being the gathering where open discussion consists of audience participation, that “forum" sponsored by Mobile United in no way qualified. Two speakers had been invited to address the audience, one of them a black American professor of law known for his work on affirmative action, the other Mary Zoghby, co-author of the law which created this mayor-council form voted on by the electorate in 1985.
Professor Bryan Fair addressed the 70 or so citizens for about an hour very much as he would lecture his class of first-year law students at the University of Alabama, no questions being asked. The Mobile United monitor had informed the group that questions would be written out on cards and submitted later to the speakers.
Professor Fair stated his opinion of the Constitution of the United States as a series of compromises among white male property holders: Southern planters and Northern merchants. He did not believe the phrase “all men are created equal” in the Declaration of Independence indicated the true intent of the founding fathers because they themselves owned slaves. Professor Fair is not the first Mack lawyer to take on the Constitution as a perfect document. Like the first Mack appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court, Thurgood Marshall, Fair seemed to believe that the Constitution was a flawed document. Not only did it not apply to blacks, it didn't apply to women.
However, Jefferson wrote about slavery in his first draff of the Declaration:
“He (the king of Britain) has waged war against human nature itself, violating its most sacred rights of life and liberty in the person of a distant people who never offended him, captivating and carrying them into slavery in another hemisphere... Determined to keep open a market where MEN could be bought and sold, he has prostituted his negative for suppressing every legislative attempt to prohibit or to restrain this execrable commerce." Thus it is clear that Jefferson did believe that blacks were human beings, were men, contrary to what Professor Fair seemed to be telling the group. Furthermore, Jefferson submitted bills to the legislature as early as 1779 to emancipate the slaves in Virginia, and when he was President, in 1807, he strongly supported the abolition of the slave trade.
The professor's general position held that the supermajority proviso in Mobile's municipal government was necessary to ensure black representation. Examining his personal history, one may understand such passion about “reaching out."
This black male has now reached the prestigious position of Professor of Law at the University of Alabama. As the eighth of ten children bom to a single mother on public assistance in an Ohio ghetto, he appears to justify affirmative action on the grounds it would have been impossible for him to reach such heights without an affirmative ladder. He lectured that this support was required because hundreds of years of racial apartheid, during which whites were granted 100 percent quotas to almost all professions, meant it would take more than a generation or two of remedial affirmative action to level the playing field.
Professor Fair failed to mention how many other children of “single mothers” out there have little or no chance. He does not address the cause of pathologies which Professor Thomas Sowell describes as the “precipitous moral decline of behavioral standards in the black community." Such cultural disregard has resulted in 70 to 80 percent out-of-wedlock births, epidemic black-on-black violence and the absence of any moral expectation, all of which surely has more to do with the failure of black advancement than institutional obstacles.
It is ironic that Fair thinks there is a dearth of black political leadership in the country, or, more to the point, in the South. Here the city has been gerrymandered so that three of seven council members are black; for county government, it's one of three. In a recently published report by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, a rapid increase in black political leadership is documented by the facts. In 2001, Alabama and Mississippi together
were all publicly humiliated and myself injured and taken to jail. Why? For carrying a Confederate flag in a parade to honor my veterans.
This cannot go unchallenged, nor can we allow the City of Mobile to take the
By Linda Sewell
Mr. Marshall:
I congratulate you for your timely Mobile Register article regarding the issue of “race." I still, however, disagree with your trumpet calls of racism regarding our Confederate battle flag. We Southerners, bom of Confederate ancestry, believe (with a straight face) that our ancestors were right in their secession from the union. We believe (once again, with a straight face) that they fought to preserve their rights, their freedoms; to protect their families, their property, their honor and their pride. They did not, however, fight to preserve the abominable slavery, as you are well aware. This is all available history and I'm sure you are aware of the details.
As for the supermajority referendum, I can only comment that the issue is one of
had 1,628 elected black officials, or more than the entire body of such officeholders in the United States only thirty years ago. This includes hundreds of high-ranking state and local officials, from mayors to district attorneys to county executives; at the Federal level 38 members of the U.S. Congress, up from seven just 30 years ago.
For the past twenty years some citizens of the Mobile area have constellated under the expansive canvas of the March Against Crime tent and expressed their interest in initiative and referendum as a means of enabling all with more say in the laws that govern them. Since this mechanism was first adopted by South Dakota in 1898, or over a century ago, and during the early 1900s by eighteen other states plus seven in recent years, in all of these including even the District of Columbia, voters have had the power to enact laws by placing initiatives on the ballot.
Unfortunately, Alabama is not among those 32 states enjoying this right. Citizens with such power could propose laws and amendments to the constitution and adopt or reject any law or section of a state law. Initiative is the only process by which voters may propose a law, constitutional amendment or ordinance compelling a vote by the electorate on whether it shall be adopted. Referendum permits a designated percentage of the voters to place a law or ordinance enacted by a legislative body on the ballot for determination by the people as to whether it should go into effect or be repealed. We need I&R because it has been the basis for achieving many rights. We need I&R to increase
voter participation. Making government more responsive to its citizens by stimulating public involvement in state and local issues, I&R moderates the influence of powerful special interests.
Finally, I&R permits citizens to focus in on, and understand, proposed laws. At that “public forum” where former state representative Mary Zoghby attempted to field this writer's question about the basis for the supermajority proviso in Alabama law 85-229, she confirmed what many of us suspected: that a little sentence buried in the middle of this 30-page law consisting of 96 sections could have been slipped in during the hectic race to get it enacted, very much like what goes on today with tax and spending bills that flood the legislature during the last hours of each session. That single sentence reads: “The affirmative* vote of at least five members of the council shall be sufficient for the passage of any resolution, by-law, ordinance, or the transaction of any business of any sort by the said council or the exercise of any of the powers conferred upon it by the terms of this Act or by-law, or which may hereafter be conferred upon it.”
In an effort to comply with the Act, citizens have attempted to collect petitions to have the form of government changed. For this they are called every racist name in the book. So much for the Bill of Rights as taught by Professor Fair in his Constitution law classes to students at the University of Alabama. So much for the declaration by former Rep. Mary Zoghby that this supermajority rule will force the council and its constituents to “all get along.” □
Confederate flag. And when they decide to march one day in a parade in honor of your Confederate veteran ancestors and theirs, they too may be arrested; which will be our fault, if we do not face them head on and fight to the end without compromise. 0
“Wrong Day” Holan
By Olaf Childress
And if you still don't get it, consider this: Mark Holan and the Mobile Register have published erroneous dales for the Meadows trial not once, but twice. We don't call Mayor Mike Dow and Editor Mike Marshall MaM for nothing, they're tighter than chocolate kisses in a box!
At a preliminary hearing on Dec. 17th. Judge Wanda Rahman told Mr. Meadows to be back on Jan. 30. Next day, the Mobile Register gave that trial date as Jan. 29. Then the case got rescheduled (as is usual when they're trying to shake resistance against The Big Plan) to Feb. 5, and reporter Holan promptly announced Feb. 4. We need an explanation, Mark “Wrong Day” Holan!
Let's keep reminding M&M that the Tun Meadows trial is Feb. 5, 2002, 1:00 pm at 205 Government Street in Mobile. Check online at www.gulffel.com/homefrce each day for further changes.
Tricentennial, meet mother of all civil rights lawsuits
There comes a time when “just following orders” puts those New World Orderlies to twisting the wrong arms.
By Tim Meadows
Through a correspondence the other day titled, “Deals have been cut with the devil in Mobile," some thought 1 might have been referring to the veterans' parade where I was arrested and others illegally confined. 1 assure you the post was in no way connected to that pending case.
I would also like to make very clear my position on that case.
Our rights were violated, we

they have done not only to us and the judge but the public as well. 1 understand the city is now trying to increase the charges to include assaulting a police officer. 1 say to this, hogwash! Accuse me of murder if you like, just give me my day in court.
Through an advisor 1 have been told we have a very strong case. Southern Legal Resources Center chief counsel Kirk Lyons also says this is “the mother of all civil rights lawsuits." God bless Kirk, it’s in his hands and 1 feel confident he will follow up on his promise.
I've had two other attorneys, one from Mobile and a second from Florida wanting a piece of the lawsuit; which tells me we have a strong case and cannot afford to let it get away.
If we do, every child can be removed from school for wearing a shirt depicting a
No name calling, just the facts
easy and quiet way out, dismissing the case.
Having challenged the city to put me on trial for these drummed-up charges, I do not want this case dismissed!
We must make them answer for what
democracy, not race. To pull the race card in order to secure votes is an unfair tactic used by those with no other merits, no other excuses but race to prove a point. As you are well aware, the city of Mobile is the only city in this country using such archaic, undemocratic form of government.
Before you associate my support of the supermajority referendum with “the battle flag,” please understand, as I have even told Mark Holan, that I am also affiliated with many other organizations in this area: March Against Crime, the Libertarians, the Republicans, the Alabama Coalition, etc. 1 do not consider the issue of race to be prevalent in any of these organizations. I also believe in and support the constitution of this country and the state of Alabama (keep the constitution, get rid of the governor!), am anti-abortion and anti-gun control, none of which are racist issues. To label someone a racist because one has Confederate ancestors and chooses to honor these ancestors with the flag they carried into battle, is like saying all Muslims/Arabs are terrorists. Have a dixie day!	O
THE ALABAMA HISTORICAL COMMISSION’S JOB:	~	Alabama	—
Destroying the Cradle of the Confederacy
An Interview with Lee Wormer; AHC Director
180 Degrees True South
180dts@bdlsouth.net
MONTGOMERY (SNS) — Id been hearing many disturbing rumors for several weeks that the Alabama Historical Commission was planning a renovation of the capitol grounds that would all but ruin the historic uCradle of the Confederacy." Indeed, that was the purpose of the renovation - to remove from the capitol its Confederate "stigma " and make it into a much more politically correct site - a shrine to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the civil rights movement in general, and a monument to the Selma-to-Montgomery March in particular.
Although representatives of the AHC, including Director Lee Wormer, had met with stiff opposition to their plans at public meetings around the state, last month I got word that the so-called “renovation ” would take place as the AHC, not the people of Alabama, wanted.
Disturbed, I phoned the AHC and bugged them like crazy, even threatened to fall down and have seizures, until Wormer agreed to an interview. Over the holiday season, we met halfway between Montgomery and Pensacola, at a rest area on Interstate 65, where Wormer filled me in on plans for the ruination of the capitol.
brance is what goes around the Obelisk of Equality. Here, there’s a computer artist’s rendering in my satchel somewhere...
(At this point, Wormer pawed around in a beat-up old briefcase and retrieved a sheaf of papers. He rifled through them a moment and then handed me one of them. One look at the illustration made me gasp.)
ISO DTS (stunned): My gosh! MY GOSH! It - It looks just like St. Peter's Square in Rome!
Wormer (grinning, pleased with my shocked recognition): An exact replica!
180 DTS (even more stunned): Exact replica? You mean size? Dimensions? Materials? Everything?
Wormer: Well, not materials. We couldn’t even begin to estimate how much it would cost to have all those columns
being transplanted around the capitol aren’t the kind you’d find in the Talladega National Forest. We’re bringing in 3,762 tree and plant species from every continent on earth for our “Global Forest” landscape plan. You could call it multicultural landscaping (chortling).
ISO DTS: You mean like date palms from Egypt and rubber trees from the equatorial rain forest and tamarack trees from the frozen tundra?
Wormer: Yeah, like that.
ISO DTS (murmuring): I guess nobody thought about the lessons learned after importing kudzu. And of the foreign blight that killed off the American chestnut tree...
Proposed new landscaping plan for Alabama Capitol showing the Selma March Memorial
ISO DTS: Thanks for agreeing to see me. Now, without wasting any more of my time or yours, what’s the dope on this capitol renovation?
Wormer: Look, it’s not that big a deal, honest. We’ve already told people that the statue of the racist Confederate president and slave owner Jefferson Davis will not be removed from its present location. And we aren’t going to pull up his tacky bronze star on the steps, either.
ISO DTS (acidly): Really? Well, that’s a relief. And it’s nice to know this project is in the hands of somebody so unbiased and objective. Now, I’ve heard that the whole capitol complex - except for maybe those two elements you mentioned - is supposed to become a shrine to the civil rights movement in general, and the Selma-to-Montgomery March in particular. Is that so?
Wormer: Who told you that? It’s a lie! We’re just doing a little landscaping, adding some trees and shrubs, and yes, there will be a small monument to acknowledge the capitol as the terminus of the Selma March. A smallish, very stately obelisk, very much in keeping with the concept of public buildings and commemorative monuments in this state.
ISO DTS: So all that stuff about flattening Goat Hill and digging it out for an amphitheater and all that was just rumors? And narrowing Dexter Avenue and planting lots of trees so that visitors will be bowled over by the civil rights elements while the antebellum capitol itself will practically be hidden? I mean, that is what folks are alleging.
Wormer: No. No, the amphitheater has been scrapped-
ISO DTS: Good.
Wormer: ...in favor of the Circle of Remembrance. There will be some excavation necessary for that, but not much.
ISO DTS: Circle of Remembrance? What’s that? I haven’t heard anything about that before.
Wormer: That’s because we’ve been keeping it under wraps. Those Confederate throwbacks that read websites like yours are gonna pitch an absolutely hissy when they find out about it, so we kept it a carefully guarded secret until it became a sure thing.
ISO DTS: And it’s a sure thing now?
Wormer (smiling broadly): Yep.
ISO DTS: So what is it?
Wormer: It’s the other part of the civil rights memorial. The Circle of Remem-
fashioned from Italian marble - or even Sylacauga marble. No, our replica will be done in fiberglass.
ISO DTS: Fiberglass? A civil rights monument done up in fiberglass? Isn’t that a little tacky? A little too much like an amusement park?
Wormer: Well, why not? It is 2002, you know. Times change. Our ideas of commemoration? dignity and building materials change, too. Besides, there’s a company in Canada that does really j excellent work - from four feet away, you’d swear on a stack of Bibles it was real marble. And on orders of a million dollars or more - and this one will be considerably more than that - they throw in a 40-foot statue of Paul Bunyan and his blue oxj Babe, absolutely free.
ISO DTS (incredulous):
Oh, joy. And where are they gonna go?
Wormer: Well, they’re going to be a surprise gift for the people of Selma itself. We’re going to put Paul and Babe at the entrance to the Edmund Pettus Bridge - kind of a show of solidarity with our Cannuck brothers and sisters.
ISO DTS: You’re joking.
Wormer: Now, why would I do that? Canada is an ally and the folks up there were willing to take in runaway slaves, so they’re friends of African-Americans and civil rights, too. The statue of Paul and Babe honors those Canadians who took part in the 1963 March, and it gives an international element to memorializing the bridge and that whole Selma thing.
ISO DTS (faking head): I didn’t know there were Canadians in the March.
Wormer: Of course there were. At least, I think there were. Surely there were. I mean, there was bound to have been. People came from all over, you know.
ISO DTS: Okay, whatever you say.... Why are you getting rid of the north and south wings and lawns at the capitol? Is that the only way you could think of to get rid of the Confederate Memorial, which is one of the most beautiful anywhere?
Wormer. They’re all still there. You just can’t see them in that picture for all the -
ISO DTS: - trees, yes. It looks like a big hand picked up the capitol and set it down in the middle of the Talladega National Forest.
Wormer: Yes, except that the new trees
Wormer (head tilted): What?
ISO DTS: Nothing. A Global Forest, huh? I’d sure like to know what that has to do with Alabama history. And a fiberglass St. Peter’s Square Selma-to-Montgomery Civil Rights Memorial. I’m speechless.
Wormer (self-satisfied): Yeah, it has that effect on a lot of people. Same thing happened when we told John Lewis about it ..iSs
ISO DTS: And he hasn’t introduced any legislation in Congress to rescind the federal portion of your funding for this project yet?
Wormer (frowning, confused): “Excuse me?”
ISO DTS: Never mind. Final question. Have you given any consideration at all to handing over these highway funds to the highway people and let them pave some roads with them? The one I drove on coming up here could really use it.
Wormer: You mean, spend highway funding on .... highways? I don’t know if that’s... done... in Alabama.
180 DTS: I’m sure it is. Or it could be. There’s bound to be a loophole in the law somewhere that allows it Ask somebody in the legislature.
Wormer: Okay, I’ll ask around, but I think it’s a waste of time. That’s just not how things are done in Alabama... Well, I guess that just about does it. Gotta get on back to the “City-Where-the-Selma-to-Montgomery-March-Ended." (More chortling.) You have a safe drive back to New Orleans.
ISO DTS: Pensacola.
Wormer: Whatever.
— Eiut of Interview —
EDITOR’S NOTE: Folks, this snippet of nonsense is offered as a comic illustration of the hostile, indifferent or ignorant attitudes toward our history and heritage frequently exhibited by politically correct elected officials and bureaucrats. But the issue itself is of solemn significance.
There are a few intrepid heritage warriors who have taken on the bureaucratic army in Don Siegelman’s Alabama over this issue, and they deserve our gratitude. But even more than that, they deserve our help, or all vestiges of Alabama's, and the South’s, true history will disappear in a Stalin-style purge.
Edmond Pettus Bridge Selma, Alabama
February 2002 The First Freedom 5
And please do not let our critics continue the lie that Southern heritage advocates want no civil rights memorials and that we refuse to acknowledge the contributions of blacks to American culture. The only disapproval I’ve heard is about the removal or alteration of existing monuments, historic buildings, memorials, streets, etc., in order to replace them with civil rights commemorations.
Put a plaque, historical marker, monument or whatever in Montgomery to acknowledge the end of the march, but don’t change, alter or remove what’s already there to do it. And anti-Southem-heritage folks need to show some tolerance, themselves - as, for example, in putting General Nathan Bedford Forrest’s statue back in front of the city’s museum in Selma.	—nr
Deo vindice!
Ms. Ward, your faith shows in how hard you work defending our Southern cultural heritage against false charges by the liars marketing “diversity.” Such dedication merits a token of gratitude You have proven what a weapon the Internet can be for “encouraging” those mediacrats’ Big Lie back to the closet.
Emancipating the incarcerated truths
In our continuing effort to bring Morris Dees and the NAACP up to speed on the facts of history, this from an LSU “civil war99 website.
Virginia, Guide to The Old Dominion WPA Writers’ Program, Oxford University Press, NY, 1940, p. 378
“In 1650 there were only 300 negroes in Virginia, about one percent of the population. They weren’t slaves any more than the approximately 4,000 white indentured servants working out their loans for passage money to Virginia, and who were granted 50 acres each when freed from their indentures, so they could raise their own tobacco. Slavery was established in 1654 when Anthony Johnson, Northampton County, convinced the court that he was entitled to the lifetime services of John Casor, a negro. This was the first judicial approval of life servitude, except as punishment for a crime. But who was Anthony Johnson, winner of this epoch-making decision? Anthony Johnson was a negro himself, one of the original 20 brought to Jamestown (1619) and ‘sold’ to the colonists. By 1623 he had earned his freedom and by 1651, was prosperous enough to import five ‘servants’ of his own, for which he received a grant of 250 acres as ‘headlights.’ Anthony Johnson ought to be in a ’Book of Firsts.’ As the most ambitious of the first 20, he could have been the first negro to set foot on Virginia soil. He was Virginia's first free negro and first to establish a negro community, first negro landowner, first negro slave owner and as the first, white or black, to secure slave status for a servant, he was actually the founder of slavery in Virginia. A remarkable man.
“We didn’t go into the war to put down slavery, but to put the flag back; and to act differently at this moment would, 1 have no doubt, not only weaken our cause, but smack of bad faith.”
- Abraham Lincoln 16th U.S. President
— Line in the sand
How to end racial discrimination everywhere
Eliminating these evils would be simple. Isolate Whites from the Global Community,;
By Steven M. Barry
Because inherently evil Whites are the cause of all Negro, Mestizo - ad nauseam -miseries, they shouldn’t be permitted to participate in the joys of “rich diversity.” Whites are obviously not ready for the miraculous Utopia of “multiculturalism.” Their bad attitude “creates a climate of hate."
The wicked White race must be isolated if multiculturalism is to realize its full potential. I know that sounds harsh, but the future of diversity, the only hope for mankind, is at stake here.
Despite decades of “teaching tolerance” in schools and churches, subversive elements of the sinister White race insist on remaining intractable about their deracination. This situation is intolerable; they must be isolated, or they’ll wreck everything. “Inclusiveness” isn’t for them.
Again, I know that sounds harsh. But what else is there to do? We’ve tried and tried to educate that poisonous race. Still, Whites discriminate. So now it is time for the hard decision;
Away with them! And, soon, before they ruin what we’ve accomplished.
Here is my solution to White racism:
Inasmuch as America was created by maliciously racist Whites, every institution here inherently racist and discriminatory, leave this evil to them. Let Whites wallow in the misery they created; they deserve it!
Everybody who loves diversity and tolerance should move to South Africa, Mexico, Central and South America, the Middle East, India, Asia - and, yes, above all, to Israel.
In fact, I think Israel, the very model of diversity and tolerance, could be the new, bright diversity beacon for this world. In
fact, we should take the Statue of Liberty with us to Tel Aviv. Whites don’t deserve it.
All races, colors, creeds and sexual orientations, ad infinitum, should migrate to Israel and show everybody just what diversity and tolerance means.
But not Whites. They are destroyers. Their inbred malignancy breeds hate wherever they go. And we, as lovers of mankind and brotherhood, must allow none who hate among us.
In fact, my fellow brother lovers, in order for our plan to be successful; in order to punish Whites as much as possible, let us deport whites from wherever we settle. Send them all to racist AmericaI
For example, South Africa can deport all those malignant White Boers, exploiters of the poor Negro, here to live among other
Whites. That will teach them!
How dare Whites inflict their Western Civilization upon us. The very model of intolerance! We’ll have none of that. Fie! A pox on them! Let Whites wallow in their “civilization” alone and apart. We want diversity. We demand diversity.
So, to Africa! To Asia! Deport sinister Whites from those places to America. On to Israel! Motherland of diversity and tolerance for all mankind.
Brotherhood lovers are trapped in this racist. White-created hell called America. Our salvation lies in the multicultural paradise of the Southern hemisphere. We demand the right of return!
Either that, or we’ll riot.
SFC Sieved M. Barry. USA (Ret.) welcomes your comments at PO Box 70SS6 Fort Bragg. NC 28307.
The invaders then, the resisters now
What9 me worry about those who lack sense enough to turn off that stupid TV and come in out of the propaganda rain ? Indeed I do.
By Olaf Childress
And to the unborn I apologize that we have not, with more force, counterattacked today’s immoral media assault on what’s left of this last best hope of mankind. Some of us know the resistance is alive and well, whether you and yours choose to stand with the Alabama Coalition, or prefer sitting in wait for tonight’s Hollywood bowl-over.
The mainstream media aren’t going to tell you there’s a massive movement afoot right now to recover our besieged heritage. If you find that hard to believe, check out the Internet, begin to/ioo'-searching for your birthright And here are a couple of key words to help you get started: first try “Southern, independence." Or others from the four tablet sides of our Alabama Capitol’s huge Confederate Monument..
"THE SEAMEN OF CONFEDERATE FAME STARTLED THE WONDERING WORLD FOR BRAVER FIGHT WAS NEVER FOUGHT AND FAIRER FLAG WAS NEVER FURLED."
ANON
"WHEN THIS HISTORIC SHAFT SHALL CRUMBLING L IE IN AGES HENCE, IN WOMAN'S HEART WILL BE.
A FOLDED FLAG, A THRILLING PAGE UNROLLED.
A DEATHLESS SONG OF SOUTHERN CHIVALRY."
L.M.PO.
"FAME’S TEMPLE BOASTS NO HIGHER NAME.
NO KING IS GRANDER ON HIS THRONE NO GLORY SHINES WITH BRIGHTER GLEAM,
THE NAME OF “PATRIOT" STANDS ALONE"
C.T.R.
"THE KNIOHTLIEST OF THE KNIGHTLY RACE WHO. SINCE THE DAYS OF OLD.
HAVE KEPT THE LAMP OF CHIVALRY
AUGHT IN HEARTS OF GOLD."	F.O.T.
“The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.”
- President Jefferson Davis
But what can I do?
Do y’all ever think, "We're losing, everything's against us? We’re so few. They’re so many." Do you get discouraged? Read on. By Ellen Williams
HATCHER’S RUN (near Appomattox) -Gen. John B. Gordon stopped his prancing bay in front of a pitiful Confederate soldier. Both of his arms had been almost shot away, and they dangled helplessly at his sides. “Get to the aid station, sir,” the general ordered. “You cannot get into combat in your condition.”
“I know I can’t fight, sir," the soldier replied, “but I can still yell!”
“I can still yell!"
Can we still yell? Do we?
Two of our number have been arrested. We’ve been denied electric power for our program today [Jan. 11 ], the Cradle is still in danger of being eclipsed by a communist, they’ve forbidden our children to wear Confederate clothing to the schools we support with tax dollars, our Forrest Monument was removed from public property, SCV logos removed from NASCAR and advertising in ball stadiums, and on and on.
When the world closes in, think of this pitiful, starving boy in homespun grey with the glint in his steel-blue eyes and a love that transcends all understanding in his heart.	□
RH
Your #1 venison meat cutters 7:00a.m. to 7:00p.m.
Cut Sl Wrap
Chili
Steaks
Sausage
Hamburger
Cubed Steaks
Rick Ritchey (2S6) 245-4522 5700 Hwy 21 Stewartville, Al. Coosh County
OLD SOUTH
GENERAL STORE AND PAWN SHOP Weogufka, AL CSA 35183 (256)249-9100
< ash Loans Pawn • Buy Sell • Trade
Guns • Tools Elect rooks Jewelry
US lb. Farm Rabed “Yoo Catch" Catfish Confederate Shirts, Caps Belt Buckles AH 6 flags
Knives • Ammo • Bumper Slickers • Beverages • Tu Building erected in 1853 LLOYD CAPERTON, Owner — < apcf SA a aol.com Alabama I emgue mi tb
30 Minute Documentary on the school that Efw	invented Political Correctness
W*	THE FRANKFURT SCHOOL
This is the group of Marxist Revolutionaries which turned America’s traditional beliefs up-side-down:
To induce mass delusions about what is really going on in America such as the highly visible social revolution.
To make feminists, Blacks and other groups the new heroes of America and White males the villains of history.	^	-
To terrorize politicians and the public with accusations of discrimination, racism, sexism and anti-Semitism.
To dissolve all traditional standards of thought and behavior to promote social disintegration.
To prepare America for joining the proletarian world of Marx-Mao-Marcuse.
B----------------------1----------------------------------------------  r--------------------i
You can obtain a copy of this eye-opening and informative documentary, at cost,/or only $7.00:
Please Print
I	Make checks or card payments out to the Conservative Citizens* Foundation
J Name____________________  Addrcss_________________________________
City
I State Zip Code
I Signature I Mail to I I I
L
Visa____MasteiCardCard #
Expiration Date:.
Telephone (	)
Conservative Citizens* Foundation
P.a Box 221683, St Louis, MO 63122
FF
February 2002 The First Freedom 7
THE SLEAZE
I don’t know if you intend to take any further action, but, if I were you. I’d file charges for battery. After all, the man hit you in front of witnesses and showed his true colors. Filing charges would not only do him justice, it would result in egg on the face of the SPLC and a grand opportunity to shame them publicly. I am quite familiar with the Gulf Coast area, went to college in Pensacola for four years and worked on the staff there an additional 3-1/2 years. I’ve been on the campus of UWF before and am reasonably acquainted with local politics.
ROBERT HAWES Lexington, SC
After attending Morris Dees' fund raiser in Pensacola Jan. 12 and seeing how truly tolerant he is, this man doesn't handle confrontation very well. I just hope a few of his supporters could see thru his lies and how much of a racist he is, asking folks to go Out and hug someone just because they are of a different color, ethnic background or religion and for no other reason. To me, that's the raciest. 1 say we keep following him to his fund raisers, handing out flyers like the Church of Morris Deei, asking him I few questions in front of his supporters ind letting them be the Judges.
TONY WILSON Magnolia Springs
I I thank God for men like you and Kirk Lyons. I wish I'd been able to be there, rhanks. and God bless and protect you. Deo Vindicet	DICK	CROCKETT
Alva, FL
Go get them. We have the incident on Dixie Daily News, which can be found at http://www.southemcaucus.org. Best,
RON HOLLAND Asheville NC
Like others have done on AlaReb, I encourage you to follow up on this if you hare witnamaoa- that •vrflf testify tty the physical contact. It would be wonderful to have him in court on an assault charge! Deo Vindice. We ain’t just whistlin' Dixie.
JOE ARNOLD Panama City, FL
I’ve had enough of the hatred, ignorance and intolerance that these people (SPLC, NAACP) spew forth. I’d love to see them exposed for the bigots and SS-chasing opportunists they really are - judged by the same measure in which they judge others.
CHARLES HILL Spruce Pine
I’m glad to stand behind a courageous gentleman like yourself. Please save me a bundle of your papers with this story so I can distribute them also. I have distributed the bundle that I first purchased, in doctors offices, barber shops, and at a gathering in Illinois. Hopefully it will bear some fruit. 1 will also try leaving some in laundry mats. Lots of people look for something to read there. Keep up the good work.
JIMMY D. JACOBSON Milwaukee, W1
You go get ’em and God bless you. I will ask God to put forth his hand and guide and protect you. Thank you for your courage, Confederate brother! DON JONES,
Darlington, SC
Good for you! I hope justice prevails.J_ also wish I could find Mr. Dees in a small men's room where I would be able to “talk" to him. Good luck and keep fighting.
I am selling my business (small store) and starting to calculate moving to South Carolina. I am a member of the League of the South and hope that when I can arrange to become a resident of South Carolina I will be able to be of service to the League and all those who share our viewpoint and feelings. A Northerner who loves the South and the Confederacy,
TONY BELARDO Trenton, NJ
UtttVt..,
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
Praise the Lord! This is exactly what we need, to pursue justice and equal protection of the law. Don't walk away "peacefully" not wanting to cause a "disturbance." We have to fight this war and beat them at their own game. We have to get smarter than they are. We have got to stop being the "battered wife" of the South! We did nothing wrong in 1861 and we are still right today! Keep the skeer on ’em. Confederate^ yours, PAT GODWIN
Selma
This is the only way to respond to the intolerant liberals who will never cease attacking our honorable heritage. Take them to court and give them a damn good drubbing. They asked for it. I support the Rutherford Institute, the SLRC and the SCV. As long as the constitution stands, we have some recourse in the legal arena. The constitution is perhaps the only thing standing between order and anarchy.
ROBERT SILAS GRIFFIN Douglas, AZ
"Mix wifem boys," and good luck!
STEVEN ALEXANDER Pickens County, SC
I’m of the mind that any apology from Dees would be insincere. He is a very venal human being, if not actually demon possessed. I wish you all the best if your lawsuit goes forward, and compliment your honorable determination to defend our common heritage and values against communists like Dees. Your servant, sir.
ERNIE EDD ROBERTS Amelia Courthouse, Virginia
You need a big, mean-looking fellow like me to attend with you your next confrontation with Dees and his gestapo.
LLOYD A. CAPERTON Weogufka
Unfortunately, free speech is no longer granted to those who disagree with the propaganda of the NWO. I am afraid I might have been arrested had I been there! Jim and I had intended to go, but forgot about it. Sure wish someone had called to remind us. Please send your remarks all over the Internet, to Sierra Times, Ron Holland, Charleston Voice, Georgia News, Newsmax, etc. Let me know if you don’t have the email addresses and I will certainly forward in your behalf.
LINDA SEWELL Mobile
I have been reading about y'all’s trouble in Mobile and just read about your trouble with Morris Dees. You should have broken his finger! I am not a very violent person, but some things I just can't take; one of them, putting your hands on me in a violent gesture! I would’ve already been mad at him because of what he stands for. I'm tired of having my heritage trampled on, and refuse to let it happen without fighting! Thank you for confronting this moron.
ROBERT RAMSEY Walterboro, SC
Sounds great to me. Hang in there. I can't imagine why this nut would let this happen. Hope you can really nail him.
EARL WILLEY Mobile
This is exactly the kind of confrontational politics we need to engage in more.
JOHN E. SALLEY Belton, SC
Do you really think the University of West Florida will investigate the incident fairly? 1 feel that you had better keep the cattle prod on to prevent the multicultural, antiAmerican liberals at that university from sweeping the whole thing under the politically correct carpet. We are all behind you in this, even though the miles separate us. Deo Vindice. sir, Deo Vindice!
RICHARD UHL1G Shallo water, TX
Say it isn’t so! Say you’re not going to be satisfied if he says he's sorry. To hell with the apology. Did my old pal Mo actually hit you? Kirk, why haven’t you filed suit yet? Can I help? Do not pass up this opportunity to take it to [him]. God, I wish this had happened here in the Northwest so that I could climb on top of this creep. And you get to sue SPLC, too!
EDGAR J. STEELE Attorney at Law Sandpoint, ID [As Morris Dees* punch brought me off balance, campus police chief John Warren and another security guard dragged me from the building and said
get lost After badgering me for about ten minutes as I stood there eyeballing them, realizing they had acted outside the law, they walked away. My first duty, not having time or resources to litigate, is to testify in The First Freedom. But if Mr. Dees comes lecturing down this way again, we’ll bring more numbers. -Ed.)
STICK WITH IT Please keep The First Freedom coming. Best paper in the deep South. Stand fast, do not give up your battle flag ever. I come to Alabama three or four times a year, every chance I get. I love the state and its people. Mobile better make room for the Alabama flag always. Wish I could vote down there, 1 would help get your present mayor (Gufus) out of City Hall. Wishing the best for the true Southerner.
BETTY DELL Beloit, WI
CHICKEN HAWK DOWN This [teaching grade-schoolers Islam, making them wear robes] ought to sicken you. Can you believe such things can go on in this country?	TOM	SMITH
Fairhope
(That’s California; *nuf said. Our fight is here in a state worth defending -Ed.)
THE CONFEDERATE SHOPPE
“One Has An Obligation to Seek The Truth*
FOUNDED BY THE LATE WILLIAM G. MORI 928 Detent Drive Birmingham. Alabama. C.SA, 35226
TEL (205) 942-8978 / FAX: (205) 942-7881 E-MAIL confederateQwwisp. com
INTERNET: www.polntsouth.com/04hoppe.htm
Get the whole truth via your Worldwide Web www.gulftel.com/homefree/ www.shucks.net/ www.southcmcaucus.org/
Gory, Gory Hallelujah!
America at War:
Here's more on what thinking Americans have to say about their budding empire.
By Nelson Waller
One thing for sure about "America at War." We never pick an enemy we don’t know we can beat. When you come right down to it we never fight for a real-world goal or objective our founding fathers would have respected; and, worst of all, never really win any war regardless of the final score.
Well, isn’t that about how it goes? Tell me the truth. What has America's warmongering actually accomplished for the good of the American people or the world since 1945? Or shall we say since 1812 perhaps?
I won’t pick another fight with you all about World War II just now, other than to say that - despite the best of intentions at the time -1 believe its real-world outcome vindicates the dire prewar warnings of the Lindberghs (Charles Junior and Senior) and the America First movement. But, please, someone, tally up a few good reasons we have at this time, if any, to expect plausible things to come out of the latest American war games, based on the experience of the past half century’s worth.
Somebody please give us a list of the times America has gone off to slay foreign
dragons and done anything but made things worse. Speak to us of Korea, Vietnam, Central America, Haiti, Somalia, Iraq and the carcass of Yugoslavia. How was the world better off for our having roughed up those places? Did we not merely add thereby to the list of nations that have permanent, long-term reasons to hate us - making the world yet safer for communism and other forms of tyranny?
Now, dear friend and fellow Federal Reserve Human Resource Unit, kindly offer us some kind of theory or rationale as to why every dictator we "go in" to "take out" lives out a normal lifespan in his accustomed surroundings afterward. We didn’t "take out" Castro when we "invaded" Cuba (Three Stooges style) under JFK. We didn't "take out" Gaddafi under Reagan, though we did damage his main residence and kill his infant daughter. We didn't "take out" Saddam Hussein, and, early in our Afghan adventure President W. told us loud and clear on national news that the government no longer expects to "take out" bin Laden, only to bludgeon the Taliban.
See, the "crazy right-wing extremists" have been saying it was our government that ultimately orchestrated the 9/11 attacks for the express purpose of hoodwinking America into giving up more of what remains to us in terms of freedom and
prosperity and a normal life. And there goes W., making it painfully obvious that the fedgov has no intention of winning this conflict any more than they've done the others.
What’s wrong with this picture? Did we really hear that the government was dropping bombs and food on Afghanistan at the same time, or did we dream it between when the alarm went off and we got up that morning? Crazy!
I don't say that I agree with our policy of saber-rattling and would-be assassinations of heads of state who oppose Zionism, but if we’re going to throw war after war in this fashion, wouldn't you say that either we're incompetent or not right in the head?
You tell me this is all normal, healthy politics? I’m trying to point out to you that what our own politicians do to us every working day, war crisis or no, is not only inefficient and crazy but that it rivals what Caligula, Nero, and the Pharaoh of the book of Exodus did to their own countries in terms of total, senseless destruction and waste.
You tell me we have to ran off and kill Arabs because they’ve killed so many of us? I say let’s first at least count how many Arabs America has killed or banned for no good reason over the past 50 years, and more importantly the numerous ways our own leaders are killing and dispossessing us right now.	□
Nelson Waller can be reached care of this paper or POB 2368, Anderson, SC 29622 (Tel 864-225-0882)
If we’re going to throw war after war in this fashion, wouldn’t you say that either we’re incompetent or not right in the head?
8 The First Freedom February 2002	— Let there be light	—
Amend the Constitution, Don’t End It
By Tim James
There is a small but disturbing — and potentially dangerous - movement growing in Alabama and it is not at all what it appears on the surface.
The movement I speak of is referred to as constitutional “reform," which is a nice way of saying “completely scrap the entire Alabama Constitution and write a new one from scratch." It is the most celebrated cause of our state's editorial pages and politicians, including Roger Bedford, Don Siegelman, Bob Riley and Steve Windom.
Many of you may have read about this and reasonably thought that the idea sounded OK. But please take a minute and ask yourself: Why are these people suggesting that we scrap the constitution instead of analyzing it piece by piece and amending it only where necessary?
They will tell you it is because the constitution is “too long," or that it is “outdated," or that it is “racist." Well, that is simply not true. The real reason is money, and the latest excuse to bring it up is proration.
The length of the constitution can easily be fixed through reorganization without scrapping the entire document. Eleven other states have constitutions older than
Terminal Phase
A slick bunch: Frank Roosevelt and his “Brain Trust" prevailed for the most part because the dictator's hand in desperate times isn't easily resisted. However, the short-sighted benefits of government jobs and contracts, whether funded with printed lire, marks or dollars, here as in Europe, were then papering together an eclipse of private choice: that freedom which accepts responsibility, penalties and rewards.
Had the shockingly extended economic crisis run its pathfinding course, the effect would've been better all around. But with prudence lacking outside Wall Street and commerce there overheated by first-time investors, here was a challenge destined to persist long and vexing - one well-earned depression that spared nobody, the greatest reversal ever in a normally self-regulating market Yet still: a lesson not responsibly taken though having come, by the season's auguries, predictably on time.
“Recovery!" flashed their password for nationalizing everything instantly. What a beautiful emergency! smiled an excited gathering of crisis managers, as the media left-wingers slanted Roosevelt into a hero. And should superman on his white horse (nothing new to historians) tumble in due course, certainly before any spontaneous renewal could take place, here was in the meantime glory!
FDR's soon-to-be mobilized cavalry would mount panzers! and a distant future police state evolve out of that manipulated extremity, its own mediacrat foot soldiers eventually becoming so omnipotent as to justify deploying tanks against American men, women and children, mopping up all resistance, nor feeling any guilt about the incendiary destruction of that whole Branch Davidian sect at Waco.
\|/ Must Alabama obey each —Bilderberg diktat from the internationalist bankers?
W Self-government begins at home!
Join the action, stay informed. For a one
year subscription by mail, send $12.00 to
[The First Freedom
I P.O. Box 385, Silverhill, Alabama 365761
i	i
ri • ttjyfyv ~(•
I______________________________________ l
I RJU NAME	" 1 1	*
1	I
I	I
j MAIL ADDRESS	j
I
,	IB®	V!
10 Here's $12 for a one-year subscription.! j □ $20 for 200 extra copies of current issue.' j □ $20 for 200 extra copies of the next one.j
J □ $__________as	a	patron.	Keep	it up! |
j Email, tolar, or comment:
i !,!•' ‘"te*	i
!________ »	^	v	aj
ours. And the United States Constitution still contains language regarding the three-fifths compromise, which is dead language in a living document.
Only an extreme radical would suggest that we rewrite the entire U.S. Constitution over that issue. Furthermore, the last thing we should do as a state or a nation is to rewrite and ignore the bad parts of our history.
They will also tell you the only way to end proration is to rewrite the constitution so that we can “restructure” our tax system. Translation: The only way to raise taxes on the working men and women of this state and get away with it is to rewrite the entire constitution.
The fact is we have gone years without suffering through proration under this constitution. We don't need a new constitution, we need a new governor.
And what will we end up with after this “rewrite?’’
The Alabama Constitution ostensibly contains the U.S. Bill of Rights. Why on earth would we want to put that on the table for a rewrite? Which of the cherished freedoms we enjoy in Alabama are they suggesting that we “reform?” The right to keep and bear arms? How about freedom
By Olaf Childress
Having converted the public-funded schools into indoctrination mills, violating students and their sometimes equally naive instructors with the Utopia myth wouldn 1 be hard at all! Incrementally conditioning the young to gape in wonder at each year's model Marx Steamer and see therein the latest social engineering, more than likely the previously loved old prototype would sell even without new seat covers.
But, let me say to all those who consider themselves vigilant and deserving of the Founders' legacy: it's yours to discern with keen perception, we are both restricted and liberated by life's preexisting law. While the seasons return each year, other cycles require a particular triggering mechanism before setting about their purposes. Buy a clunker on credit, its terms must be met Wily salesmen like FDR and Morris Dees are not in the habit of calling attention to nature's symmetry. How do you think they got that lien against our Southern heritage?
The winner decides what he will invest in at each instance, and the hard currencies of truth and integrity prevent any abrupt debt’s disturbing him except momentarily.
Those pressing borrowed luck too far on an ever-expanding altar should’ve known, seeing the market refuse to take a breathing spell, that reason was being sacrificed. The real money stepped back, partly for having intelligence The New Deal was being cut, otherwise guided by prudence and instinct for self-preservation. As that implosion drew near, discretion simply waited out the investment game.
Honest academicians were beginning to wonder if ever a currency which escaped emergency’s ransom at every lock along the underground river of gold, immune to such central govemment/bank penalties, might evolve. Certainly not in the 1930s.
That conspiracy moved into action on schedule. It was d6f& vu in Europe; wise men withdrew. As compromisers jousted for whatever piece of the redistribution pie they might claim, knowing nothing more of “salvation" than the newspapers were speculating about daily, any scrap of food or honor that came his way was salvaged by the totally disenfranchised man in the street.
Just as freedom and crusading ideology remain mutually exclusive, our fledgling Utopia's demise, no less than Russia’s, at some point in the future would have to be declared - with never a possibility, in the meantime, of recovering full constitutional protections. Little did most people guess how long the right of private contract was being mortgaged for expediency.
Alive and well, the timber of society
of religion?
What compounds the danger is the prospect of this rewrite taking place in a “convention," or some kind of “committee" - another idea endorsed by Mr. Siegelman. Mr. Riley and Mr. Windom.
Not only would this bypass the accountability of an elected legislature, it would open up the constitution to the enormous influence of special interests. Just imagine how groups such as the gaming industry or the ACLU would approach a convention. They would pour in from around the country to ensure that the only delegates chosen were ones that helped their cause.
The likely result of the fiasco that would become our state government would be an embarrassing display of fighting that would drive businesses from our state and completely ignore the real problems like educating our children.
Another devastating consequence would be the loss of 100 years of case law underpinning our constitution. This would mean that every new word, every new clause would have to be re-litigated in our courts, one by one.
While re-writing the entire Constitution would be very dangerous, there are aspects of it that need to be changed, particularly
stands apparently inactive; but irresistibly tempting, as we've noted, to parasites when that same tree is wounded, for then they gorge on its weakened parts, creating space for healthy new tissue. Completing a cycle, theirs is nothing more or less than obedience to natural law. Should the roots persuade a second growth, still it takes time; failing which renewal, out of some chance seed must spring new life - whose divine source can do naught but prevail.
Adam Smith's investor came, saw and filled a need. Here was an individual for calculated risk, not an opportunist looking to conjure up a feeding frenzy. However, the latter would become more destructive of American jobs than the former had been productive once The Big Plan reached, in the age of NAFTA, its terminal phase.
Roosevelt's long shadow, into which the media allowed none but themselves to see, extended to that distant future. Otherwise Slick Willy Clinton and Newt Gingrich could never have, by daylight, slinked past public resistance to haul off a staggering sum of tax dollars - putatively energizing Mexico’s sinking peso, actually to enrich New York bankers having made unsecured loans at exorbitant interest rates in full awareness they might not be repaid by an insolvent dictatorship. International loan sharks had supposedly “risked" throwing good money after bad, knowing all the while that their political hacks would come through as instructed: robbing American citizens the amounts of loans, interest, fees and handling charges due from a foreign government even less representative of its people, "tyranny, over a subject populace that has been conditioned to pay up, shut up and sit in the dark, requires no wartime blackout before committing such a crime.
How clever, the way GATT and NAFTA came to be! During the last week of a lame duck Congress still in session but already voted out precisely because maneuvering toward those boondoggles - digging up FDR’s bones and pasting back together the father of lettered, unholy bureaus (FLUB) just as their patrons desired! Audacity, did someone whisper? You want audacity? 1 give you the media There was nothing to investigate!
Although that money didn't go south of the border to those debtors, merely across town, no hint in our “news’* of the fact; or that the stratagem had worsened, rather than improved, the average citizen's lot not just here but in Mexico as well, where peasants became oppressed even harder by the same regime which had got no relief from this Newest Deal, having divvied up the original proceeds long beforehand
home rule.
It is an outrage that our counties must wait for the legislature to pass a bill before they can act. Provided that home rule was limited to protect the people against unlimited taxation and debt at the local level, home rule is the right thing to do.
But this problem, and any other problems in our constitution, can be resolved using the mechanism that already exists within it - called “amendments."
Particularly during troubled times of uncertainty, the sensible approach to fixing problems with our constitution is to look at each isSiie on its own merits, have a public debate and, if necessary, amend it after the people of the state have their say in an up or down vote. Amend the constitution, yes. End it, clearly no.	□
Tim James, a businessman from Greenville, is a Republican candidate for Governor. 334-383-9944
among cronies.
Gingrich's 1994 Republican “Contract with America” might have been declared for what it was: phony as the mediacracy itself. Nothing could hide the fact that this country had been taken for a fifty billion dollar hijacking by those two political wackos in order to pay off their “campaign contributors" in the Big and Rotting Apple. But, for most of us, the Internet was just then aborning.
That megacrime should be prosecuted. The excuses FDR offered for all those taxes no longer obtain. There are more earners than central bankers by far, so let's get organized.
Cautious about accumulating “excess profits," the industrial sector is kept from pursuing its most efficient path. What does the term mean? As excessive penalties are automatically heaped upon any privately successful enterprise retaining liquid assets, it appears the liberal has come to equate mean-spiritedness with prosperity. Yet, he’s for progress?
Poor utopian! “thinking" till his brain hurts. Dreaming it's his to solve all the world's problems once and for all time!
This isn’t 1900. There's no sweatshop child labor in our country needing rescue from big money interests. But slaves do cringe in China, where most of the jobs have gone. Nor do I see disparity between prices and wages - at least not before taxes that double the former and halve the latter. It's those sticky fingers in between. That s the problem. The internal free market is not. What we “consumers" should invest in today is protection from, not by, regulators who’ve run way past their goalposts.
We must stop Roosevelt's temporary taxes and final solutions! Many a benign conundrum will explain itself Just do the right thing, its elements will then converge and coalesce in the proper season. Seeing a cripple on a white horse, remember your constitution: stand together. Be vigilant, and never blame gentle nature.
Anytime two equally powerful factions deprive the populace of choice by offering Tweedledee and Tweedledum, when both represent New York bankers, it makes no difference whether the disenfranchised voter dislikes Democrat Slick Bill Clinton or Republican Dull Bob Dole more; we've allowed the condition to ripen, we get the fruit
Up until 1932, most money decisions were none of government’s business. The term private enterprise had meaning. So tell me, good citizens: how did Franklin Tweedledee Roosevelt cast this darkness across our heritage?	□
The eclipsing of responsible choices
tat /l+A*ct uLu&ot*
hot, % hotter’n	hottest
One bottle barbecue sauce Two bottles hot sauce + $3.00 shipping. Tel. 251-965-6397 PO Box 817 Magnolia Springs, CSA 36555