April is Confederate History Month
Speech and religion were already ours back when FDR named “four freedoms." But he would whip hunger, fear and oppression, abstaining forever from Europe's wars.
uij
irst
reenom
Self-government begins at home
When politicians lie, the state bites off what only individuals can chew.
It’s time we recovered those powers not delegated.
Volume 3 Number 4
http://www.gulRel.com/homefree/
April 2001
IS YOUR HERITAGE WORTH ONE DAY OF YOUR TIME?
WHAT. Mass demonstration to save our Cradle of the Confederacy, the Capitol building. Confederate statues, and trees transplanted from Confederate battlefields; the very sacred soil upon which Jefferson Davis himself trod.
Gov. Don Siegelman and the Alabama Historical Commission have received $$.9 million from the government in Washington D.C. to assign dual status to the Capitol grounds in Montgomery where President Jefferson Davis took the oath of office to the CSA, and where brilliant men from eleven states hammered out a Constitution and formed a government for a separate nation.
April is Confederate History Month
Public Happenings
Dixiefest - Like the Grand Ole Opry which came in parts, one praising Brewton Snuff and another Purina Feeds, this picnic goes native the whole month of April, way down South! Bring your own lunch or eat and drink with local compatriots, hear Dixie music and speakers. South AL CotCC has the first big event all day Saturday April 7 at Escatawpa Hollow Campground. Take Mobile 1-65 Exit 5B to 15551 Moffat Rd, all the way out Highway 98 to Mississippi line.
March Against Crime - Apr. 12,6:30 PM at Mobile's Springhill Library, 4 South McGregor Ave. Info 334-957-22 J 8.
Rally for the Mississippi Flag - Apr 14, 10:00 AM until 12:00 noon at the new state capitol, Jackson, MS. Info 334-649-2236. A flag rally more important than those in South Carolina and Georgia, where spineless politicians didn't put it to a vote. In Mississippi, the people have their say on April 17th. Speakers, music. Plus surprises from FreeMississippi.org and League of the South.-It’s the Saturday before that statewide referendum on the flag, so we need to encourage Mississippi to keep it flying. To travel with the South AL CofCC caravan, be on the motel parking lot beside I-6S Exit 13 (Saraland) around 5 am.
Alabama Capitol Rally. See story at top. April 18 -10 AM -1 PM. Info 334-246-9850 or email rebellen@mindspring.com
League of the South. Everyone is welcome to this latest chapter opening April 19,7 PM at Shoney’s in Tillmans Comer. See page 3.
Dixiefest on Dauphin Island. Begins at foot of the bridge with good music and wholesome festivity. See historic Ft. Gaines. All day April 21. Bring your own picnic lunch if you like. Meet Dr. Ben George and his Friends of the Flag at foot of the bridge, celebrate Southern heritage. Details http://www.gulflel.com/homefree/ or 334-662-0374. And in Mobile next day:
Battle Flag Parade - Sons of Confederate Veterans Camp 11 (meets each last Mon., 7:00 pm Adm.Semmes Hotel) is mustering at Washington Square, Mobile, Apr. 22 1:00 pm for 23rd Memorial Day Parade in whichyow can march wearing coat and tie to
Confederate Memorial Cemetery - SCV Camp 11, services for Lee-Jackson and all veterans. 2:30 PM Sunday, Apr. 22.
League of the South - Apr. 29 and the last Sunday of each month, 12:30 PM at Ginger’s Country Cook'n, 14984 Hwy 98, Magnolia Springs. Info 334-965-6397.
Jefferson Davis Birthday - June 2,10:00 am. Join the Sons of Confederate Veterans, League of the South and others at Saturday Memorial Ceremony on the State Capital Building steps in Montgomery, Alabama.
If Siegelman and Lee Warner (transplanted chairman of the AHC) do what they have plans drawn up to do, our Cradle of the Confederacy will no longer be recognizable. It will no longer be unique, and will be replete with statues and artifacts to Malcolm X. Rosa Parks, Jesse Jackson. MLK, ct al. It will be modernized with an underground parking garage. It will become a civil rights shrine. It will be destroyed. WHEN: April 18, from 10 AM till 1 PM. WHERE: State Capitol in Montgomery We call on all Alabamians and indeed all who consider themselves citizens of Dixie to join us in Montgomery for this important
protest. If we lose this most important icon of our Confederate history and heritage, the other battles for street names, school mascots and proclamations will become rearguard actions of our last retreat.
Some of you have never missed one day’s work to attend a protest. This is the one you should attend This one is vital. This one is our crucible. This one is worth saving “at all hazards."
We are asking that you gather with follow Alabamians and citizens of other stales in Dixie on April 18. God willing, we will have enough patriots on hand to form a human chain around the Capitol in a
symbolic gesture saying. “You go through or over us to destroy this sacred place."
This stand is strictly grassroots. It is not sponsored, endorsed or sanctioned by any one group, though we hope all heritage organizations will support such a “people's effort." The peasants are charging up the hill with pitchforks.
Is your heritage and culture worth losing a day's work and driving lo Montgomery?
Make attractive (correctly-spelled) placards and signs with appropriate slogans. Use standard lettering or stick-on letters. Flags are welcome, of course; and, please. include the Alabama State Flag.	□
City of Mobile’s latest website censors itself. Again.
The city commission 9s electronic guestbook was shut down on Jan. 3 after two weeks of blistering words condemning removal of the battle flag from Mobile's seal. In March, they opened it again; this trial for just one week. They still don 9tget it
By Olaf Childress
Those of you who missed the last couple of issues can still find that stream of posts at http://www.gulflel.com/homefree/p8.htm and discover what the junta is hiding.
Mayor Michael Dow, following Mobile Register Editor Michael Marshall's lead ftfthflilfj? “'cannot understand ‘ why people don't clap to their trendy dance. Political correctness has to be the answer, says so right there in the paper: that we’ll forget the old battle flag, and love reconstruction.
The First Freedom on the other hand, having devoted 425 column inches in its last two editions to those email messages M&M didn’t specially want loosed from the inner sanctum, would have brought you all the news unfit for the Establishment to print - including these latest guestbook posts - had Dogwood Productions, Inc., not again cut their own communications lines abruptly. Is it a racial thing? Doesn't Dogwood want to know about Blondie?
At any rate, a few days after opening, mobi le.org/htm 1/ g ue s t boo k/G uest boo k. pi replied to anyone seeking entry, “The file that you have requested is not available on this server."
Maybe M&M by now recognize their racial card is no longer trumps, for almost 100% of those censored messages from the local area and elsewhere appealed to reason alone; typical this one from Ashley Pollette of Sneads, Florida: “Please do not shame us by removing a part of our Southern heritage. Do not give in to misguided political pressure."
If the mediacracy admits that Caucasian Southerners also have rights - and actually hears our grievances - what might that do to M&M's credentials to stay aboard the contraption lumbering toward their New World Order, while paving over solidly the Alabama and U.S. Constitutions?
The Monday before that latest guestbook
CALL THE GOVERNOR. Tell also your Alabama legislative delegates: We don’t want dual status recognition for the Confederate Capitol in Montgomery. We oppose accepting that six million federal bribe to commemorate federal destruction of states* rights in the name of civil rights on Goat Hill. There is no comparison between the birth of a nation and a protest march. We do not want a single Confederate monument, tree, plaque, etc. moved or shifted, nor will we have any civil rights memorabilia blurring this site which is a landmark to the CSA.
Tell them the money-hustling left is paid off, moot, exposed, naked - plus, 1) we now keep score, 2) we remember, 3) we are organized and... 4) we vote.
shutdown, a gathering of some 200 patriots from here and across the state descended upon the Alabama Historical Commission's hearing in Montgomery and protested its plans for moving the Jefferson Davis star and statue from the Capitol in order to make way for commemorating the big 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery media event. What’s that got to do with Mobile’s guestbook? Consider this: Repeated calls to the Mobile Register persuaded them to print the story five days later, on Saturday, though their Capital Bureau liaison had been sitting on it all week.'I posted the following in Mobile's guestbook just before it shut down on Friday. Draw your
own conclusions:
ii'Wh3t ibe Cwiwwwftst Resnster-doesr^t report on that left-wing conspiracy to remove Jeff Davis from our Capitol’s steps. http://www.guIftel.com/homefree/ will cover. You’ll also find there a synopsis of key bills attempting to create regional government (i.e., communism) in this current state legislative session, and on which The First Freedom will base its initial annual report card for Alabama lawmakers. The report cards go out to all news media and voters statewide for their consideration."
On Saturday, the Register did correctly quote League of the South President Dr. Michael Hill as saying that “under no circumstances will his group recognize the grounds on which Davis took the oath of office 'as any sort of civil rights memorial.'
“In a written statement, he also expressed (Sec "Pornography linked," page 5)
Georgians Outraged Over State Flag Swindle
At a burger joint parking lot in Gainesville, a man selling the Confederate-style Georgia flag is swamped as he exits his car. Half a dozen flags sell before the man can have lunch, and his supply runs way short of demand.
Soren Dresch, owner of Ruffin Flag Company, has taken over ten thousand paid orders for the retired state flag, whereas purchases of the new flag are virtually nil.
The overwhelming surge to buy the classic 1956 flag is more than a sentimental reflex. The popularity of the old banner measures the blood pressure of Georgia residents who feel cheated by a flag change stampeded through the legislature behind a smokescreen of political intrigue.
A storm of resentment is brewing in Georgia over the sneak attack that changed the state flag and left the public in the lurch.
The flag subterfuge was led by Gov. Roy Barnes, who conspired with Rep. Calvin Smyre and other black Democrats for a year before springing a new flag design on bewildered lawmakers. Barnes admits he shoved the legislation through the state-
house to avoid a public outcry.
The devious tactics used by Barnes to coerce and intimidate legislators has cast the governor as a ruthless and dangerous schemer who has gone power mad since taking office.
According to reliable sources, Barnes actually blackmailed some legislators with vague threats of criminal prosecution if they voted against the flag change.
Because his support rests on urban Negroes, Barnes has been dubbed Governor of Atlanta. Such a title does little to endear him to rural folk around the state.
Even more galling to native white Georgians is the haughty attitude shown by Rep. Calvin Smyre. who proudly boasts about denying Georgians the right to vote for a state flag. “If we had not moved,” Smyre said, “the referendum forces (in Georgia) would have gotten the momentum."
Smyre also accuses Mississippi of “ducking the issue" by sending the state flag to the ballot box. As a protegee of Jesse Jackson, Smyre obviously believes that white voters have no right to overcome
black chauvinism at the polls.
A February Zogby survey indicates that 55% of all Mississippi voters want to keep the current state flag. Seventy percent of whites will vote for the Confederate design adopted in 1894. [www.CofCC.org]
Join the action
With good information in short supply, and freedom something no man can buy (once it's gone, don't even try) — it's now we must stand against the big lie, or farewell forever, there’s no alibi. Don’t let The First Freedom die!
The First Freedom
P.O. Box 385, Silverhill AL 36576
FOTTRAME------------------------
MaTTABDRESS

~3T
TTF
□	Here's $12.00 for a 1-year subscription.!
□	For $____________,	consider	me	a	patron.;
E-mail, tel.nr. or comment: .
4 The Flnl Freedom April 2001
Trilateralists promise to secede from Southern union
A reply to Mark Strauss' “Let's lounges of our major universities (yet secession, which appears in the here, sir. still hold fast to the manly virtues. I
current issue of Foreign Affairs By Dr. Michael Hill
PImMcm, The League of the South
The League of (he South, an organization tha(» according co Mark Strauss, “fondly remembers the Confederacy as a golden age,** gives a hearty second to his motion for Yankee secession. After all, we were in Virginia (1607) before you were In Massachusetts (1620), io you Yanks should be the ones who havtf to leave.
Mr. Strauss, what do you Yankees have that we Southerners really need? For starters, you have no musical or literary traditions. All the genuine musical genres native to these shores have their roots in the South - bfuegnus, country (the real stuff), rockabilly, jazz, soul, RAD, blues, and rock and roll (y'all can have rap and heavy metal). Moreover, your northern literature is only a bad imitation of the worst that Europe has produced, while ours is truly world class (e.g. Faulkner, Percy, Poe, Welty, Twain, etc.).
Southerners were in the majority among the Founding Fathers (whom you have demonized by your own brand of Stalinism known as “political correctness**). Among those'out-of-fashion Dead, White, European Males (DWEMs) are Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Henry, and Mason, among many others. Where would America have been had these Southern gentlemen decided to remain loyal to the British Empire, Mr. Strauss?
The north (I will not capitalize the word because it is merely a direction and not a real place), Mr. Strauss, has always tried to claim as “American** all the good things that Southerners have created or •ccovnpttihcd. But what should we expect from a people who have no culture of their own? Heck, you people at the north don't even know how to cook, and you're so uptight that you don't know how to relax and enjby the blessings God bestows. Ever heard of “northern cooking" or "northern hospitality?" !s lalssez bon temps routet a Yankee expression?
We Southerners have a sense of place that is part of our inherited tradition. We even write songs about our places, Mr. Strauss. Ever heard Lynyrd Skynyrd sing about "Sweet Home Alabama," or Ray Charles' soulful rendition of "Georgia On My Mind?" Sure you have. But why are there no heartfelt songs about Massachusetts or Minnesota? Hmmm, Mr. Strauss?
If you haven't noticed, Mr. Strauss, our Southern women are world-famous for their beauty and charm; and feminism, thank the Lord, has not taken root here. Yes, we do have a few hairy-legged Amazons, but they are usually confined to the faculty
Even our sports (football and NASCAR) demand toughness and steely nerves, and carry with them the risk of serious bodily injury and death. But, no guts, no glory, Mr. Strauss. Those Southern men who cannot measure up to the gridiron or the racetrack still enjoyed the thrill of shooting guns. Why. I remember in the days of my own misspent youth (playing in a Southern rock band in the late 1960s) a girl of northern persuasions telling me that she liked Southern males because they were "still real men," unlike the emasculated flower children of the north and west coast. Mr. Strauss, tell us the truth. I think one reason you’d like to see us go is because our men scare the panties off you and our vivacious women evoke within you feelings of great inadequacy.
I will agree with you. Mr. Strauss, on your main point, and that is your contention that "North and South can no longer claim to be one nation." I hope you're not just joshing us here. But the trouble is that we've known this for about 140 years now and you're just coming around to seeing the light. So who's the "dumber" here, my man?
And as for that "gangrenous limb that should have been lopped off decades ago," don't forget that as a result of your departure you'll lose access to all of our oil, natural gas, and coal (and your winters are long and cold), our fertile and extensive farmlands, and all those wonderful vacation spots that attract the ill-mannered "black socks and sandals" crowd from Ohio that descends on us every year (Whew! Those accents).
You must also ask yourself, Mr. Strauss, who'll fight your wars for you when we're gone? We Southrons have served the Yankee military in numbers far out of proportion to our population. Perhaps your Yankee Empire won't be so trigger-happy if you Ivy League brats - the best and brightest (just ask them) - actually have to brave the prospects of blood and death on the battlefield.
Yes, Mr. Strauss, we have our problems here in Dixie. But our material poverty since Appomattox pales beside the poverty of the soul that prevails in your cold and haughty clime. Be honest now, sir, and admit we’ve never really bothered you people up north. All we've ever wanted from you and yours was to be left alone. But you people could not oblige us because God has fitted you by nature to be busy bodies. And on top of that, you're envious busy-bodies. Having no real cultural inheritance of your own, you have sought to destroy what we have out of sheer spite. You are not the sort to make good neighbors.
You have all but destroyed your own region by advancing a liberal "culture of
British utopian gun ban bombs
Damn the facts say gun-grabbers, full spleen ahead I
By Elwin Rozyskic
Vice Chairman, March Against Crime
The Clinton-Gore administration and their loyal band of Hollywood celebrities and liberal media applauded Britain's draconian |_ control and ensuing confiscation of citizens* handguns. They predicted this action would reduce crime and eliminate gun deaths. After several years, it's time now for a reality check.
According to the October 22 edition of the London Sunday Times, gun crime in England has risen ten percent in just one year. Crime increased in spite of an official change in reporting that now calls multiple felonies at one address such as an apartment or office building a single incident. With the advent of that national handgun ban, British felons have started toting handguns to protect themselves during the course of
their crimes from disarmed citizens forced to use clubs and knives for defense.
Things arc so bad in England, reports the Sunday Times, that "Officers wearing Walther 990 pistols on their hips are conducting regular patrols... [This] represents a significant shift in British policing, which -has prided itself on the tradition of the unarmed Bobby on the beat."
What happened? In the aftermath of the Columbine High School debacle, we were lectured by the President and his liberal Democrat cohort that federal gun control would bring a reduction in crime and eventually produce - Utopia.
The naive have been trapped; no matter how bad conditions get, the English government will never permit its citizens to rearm. In view of the British experiment in 'Big Brother' gun control, aren't you happy that the United States presidency is term-limited?
death," and, Mr. Strauss, you can hardly deny that forty million aborted babies is a lot of death. Surely our Southern Solons did not countenance this enormity. So you go ahead and have your "liberal majority" up there, but don't call us when your part of the house now divided fall* in on you. We'll be down here with our majority of traditionalists restoring a true civilization. God willing, after our divorce we Southerners will be busy enjoying the sweet fruits of a free and prosperous republic founded on private properly, free association, fair trade, sound money, low taxes, limited regulation of business, equal justice before the law, secure borders, gun rights, protection of the unborn, and an absence of entangling foreign alliances. In other words, Mr. Strauss, we'll have a civilization and you will not
And about those nuclear warheads. Mr. Strauss? You won't have to worry about us harming you. For. without the South's restraining influence, you people will soon enough destroy yourselves through your own stupidity and licentiousness.
Judge not bowed
In Chatom, Alabama, Judge of Probate John H. Armstrong at 1:15 PM Wednesday, March 21 signed before reporters from three newspapers a proclamation declaring April Confederate History and Heritage Month.
This resulted from the effort of Thomas E. Fuller, commander of the Captain Leroy Bowling SCV Camp # 1606. Present were Cmdr. Fuller, camp member Edward Turner, Mr. Theodore Pearson (aged 95 and the great grandson of Capt. Leroy Bowling), plus author of the Proclamation Ellen Williams.
We congratulate Cmdr. Fuller and offer our appreciation to Judge Armstrong, one modem day politico who has not bowed to political correctness.
Visions of evil
By M.G. “Dan” Daniels
Envision Mobile can be a vehicle for good, but you need to know the following: The persons and powers that initiated Envision Mobile-Baldwin, Goals 2000, outcome-based education, school-to-work, etc., are national and global, and intend evil for our localities, our state and country.
The technique used is termed Delphi Employing "facilitators," the consensus is directed toward predetermined goals.
These atheistic, socialist, globalist initiators have cleverly used the national and local Chambers of Commerce to cut their own throats as well as ours and our children's.
A lot of the good things accomplished in the 2000 Annual Report was not by Envision Mobile, no direct connection.
Don't let any good distract you from the national and world initiators* goal, i.e., the destruction of the American governmental and economic systems, concentration of power regionally and nationally, merging of capitalism and socialism (nazism) and world government. Envision participants should thwart the evil goals, but support and advance the good ones.
For ftirther information, contact:
Dean Gotten (on Delphi -Technique and Dialectic View)
Institution for Authority Research 5147 South Harvard #221 Tulsa, OK 74135 (626) 859-4073 Eagle Forum (on Delphi and actual use in school-to-work. Goals 2000, outcome-based education)
4200 Stone River Circle Birmingham. AL 35213 (205) 879-7096 |And ask Dan Daniels questions on his talk show each Saturday at I - 2 PM over Radio 1360am WMOB. —Ed.I
Mama’s
Plant
By Ben r. George, Jr.
Chairman, Mends of the rt*|
My mother died four years ago «t Providence Hospital in Mobile Membcn of the immediate family spent five weeks there doing shifts to stay by her side, ft w* difficult saying goodbye. I'm sure most of you have lost loved ones and dealt witb the regrets and "what iff." Those fee weeks gave my family time to deal with some of them. After Mama's funeral ay father divided the live plants between ha seven children. Being the gardener in Ok family, I think Dad entrusted the best of the lot to me. It was a bird of paradise in full bloom. That plant turned out to be one of the most difficult I have ever tried to cat for. I repotted it, divided it, and even moving it to different locations; in tfc house, outside, in the greenhouse you name it. Many times I was sure it would not survive.
Eventually, the plant and I reached tone kind of mutual understanding. It actually grew, nearly thrived, and even bloomed on the second anniversary of Mama's doth Lost June it bloomed again, much mm spectacularly than before. I think my father was proud that I kept it going. Last August the city council of Mobile, with the silent blessings of Mayor Mike Dow. voted to remove the Confederate battle flag fma city seals, judging it offensive and hateful. You must be wondering what that has tod) with Mama's plant. Well, my mother’s gna grandfather fought in the War Betwees the States in the same outfit with three of his brothers. He was present from stanto finish, in victory and disaster. Towards the end. he was severely wounded over a Mississippi. He lived until 1916. mi Mama heard the stories of his expaiaoa
Since the flag was voted dona Mobile I have spent many hours werfayo reverse the situation. The clear mg*d Mobilians felt it should be left alone. Via good people have spent time and efla dealing with public officials, the boycc*. petitions, and anti-annexation drives i west Mobile County. Today we are il struggling to find a way for our city 8 acknowledge that there were good things about the flag, and the southern history and heritage it represents.
But back to Mama's plant. I moved iuo the greenhouse in September after it bloomed. With all the distractions and exn work on the flag a hectic week went by and I discovered that the warm temperatures had nearly finished it off. I tried my version of intensive care to no avail. Mama's died in October, four years after her. I still have not told Dad.
For a time I was confronted with guilt about my mother, years after her passing Keeping the plant alive meant keeping a part of her alive. But I realized she was with great grandpa, and they would hopefully accept my apology one day. If I ever get it composed, it will contain the lines I read off the monument to Confederate Soldier* in Columbia, South Carolina. Next to the monument stands the flag that was removed from the capitol dome only to remain the focus of division. It reads, "This monument perpetuates the memory of those who, true to the instincts of their bath, faithful to the teachings of their fathers, constant in their love for the state, died in the performance of their duty ... who have glorified a fallen cause by the simple manhood of their lives, the patient endurance of suffering, and the heroism of their death... and who in the dark hours of imprisonment, in the hopelessness of the hospital, in the short sharp agony of the field, found support and consolation in the belief that at home they would not be forgotten “
So to you Mama, and your family, know that I will never quit the fight to see that you are not forgotten! And you'll be glad to know that, unlike buck then, wc outnumber them this time. Rest in peace in Dixie's land.
April 2001 The First Freedom 5
Pornography linked to Mobile Register?
(Continued from page 1) concern that project funding is coming from a federal grant. ‘We believe that where federal money goes, federal mischief soon follows,’ Hill said. He advised the commission to ‘send the money back to Washington and tell the federal government to keep its nose out of Alabama’s business.* “His and other groups insist that it would be ‘historically inaccurate* to place a memorial to the 1965 march on the Capitol grounds, since marchers reached only the street out front. .**
We give the Register another two cheers for belatedly reporting also the following: Anything touching the Capitol grounds is our objection. That*s hallowed ground,* said Paul Dykes, vice chairman of south Alabama's chapter of the Council of Conservative Citizens, which Dykes described as a political group working ‘to save Southern heritage.*
“‘We don’t want them to flatten Goat Hill,’ he continued, using a popular nickname for the Capitol complex in downtown Montgomery. ‘The civil rights movement doesn’t have anything to do with this Capitol, and we don’t want any part of it’” Marshall, and the editors of other daily newspapers around the state, are beginning to realize they must hear from a no longer silent majority. But even with a growing number of tabloids like this one snapping at their heels while yelping the missing truths, it might still take them time to get it, that A!abama*s first freedom won’t be denied by censorship, innuendo or Washington’s bombs. This isn’t Yugoslavia.
One had to thumb through 26 pages of the usual pap before the Mobile Register found room on July 23,2000, way down at the bottom, for a story titled, “Confederate Battle Flag supporters gather for rally downtown.” Even then they gave only 2‘A column inches to the 200 flag supporters present, allowing exactly as much space for six black protesters standing across the street, while ignoring the largest battle flag ever assembled. Unfurled as that day’s centerpiece, fifty by eighty feet across and stretched horizontally to fill Mobile’s downtown Government Plaza by patriots hanging onto its edges with undulating arms, here was a “wave” unlike any stadium gathering had ever beheld. But the Register didn’t see it, the cares of those locals being no more important than earlier pleas by South Carolina’s textile workers who had stitched that big flag together after losing their jobs to NAFTA. So whitey again was made out a relic from the past, the revised symbols for a “new age” yet untouched.
Today it remains to be seen how much longer such selective reporting can satisfy these peecee dailies’ advertisers and readers once they learn the truth has come to town on a different news rack. Sponsoring the event, a recently-formed South Alabama Chapter of the Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) that same day signed up many new members, still others joining their cry for restoring the battle flag to Mobile's seal. Friends of the Flag (FoF) even called for a boycott of downtown until it was done. Such unrelenting media assaults on flags, symbols, and Southern heritage in general finds the otherwise nonpolitical Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV) organization for Alabama urging Mississippi voters to go and vote April 17th for keeping their rebel flag flying. And now two new League of the South chapters (LS) in Magnolia Springs and Tillmans Corner are pushing a bill in Montgomery to require all public facilities, including jails, trooper offices, police stations, schools, colleges and whatever else is supported by public funds to fly the Alabama state flag.
With this newspaper wrapped by CofCC flyers being passed out to motorists at flag rallies just outside Mobile’s city limits on most Saturdays leading up to November’s election, scalawags started taking notice.
Brightly-colored rebel flags on photo paper were distributed by the thousands, sporting a reminder that “Gary Tanner of District 3 and Sam Jones of District 1 voted behind closed doors to remove the Confederate Battle Flag from county properties — Now it’s time to remove Gary Tanner. ” This had the desired effect. “Those ’flag people’ did it,” conceded ex-commissioner Tanner.
When Register reporter Mark Holan finally got around to noticing and did an extensive article on much of the above, old prejudices got in the way - drawing this retort from the CofCC:
“Mr. Holan, my name is William Rolen and I am the editor of the Council of Conservative Citizens website. Your recent column... cannot go unchallenged.
“First, you state:
Yet just a few mouse clicks from the Web page story about Tanner’s defeat, the Council of Conservative Citizens was selling a variety of Nazi flags as well as Confederate banners. “This statement is simply false. CofCC does not sell Nazi flags. The only flags sold directly through our organization are the small battle flags displayed on the Shop-Right page. Patriotic Flags, which advertises on our website, stocks over 200 flags which include some “historic” German Militaria flags from WW II. Patriotic Flags also sells the old Soviet Union flag, the UN flag, and the European Union flag. Somehow, you failed to mention these details in your obvious attempt to smear our organization.
“Also, you quote Mark Potok from the SPLC. We have occasion to debate Mr. Potok on various radio and television programs. Mr. Potok has been forced on these occasions to back away from the statement that the CofCC is a “hate” group. The fact is that the SPLC is not a neutral source for comments on the CofCC. The SPLC has a liberal agenda which is adversarial to the views of the CofCC. We note you did not mention the Montgomery Advertiser report on the SPLC from a few years ago, which indicated that Morris Dees was just a shakedown artist who capitalized on white liberal guilt.”
Did Mr. Holan then come forth and admit his boo-boo? Let’s put it this way. Is a “neo-conservative** something other than a communist without a cause? Of course not. Receiving an unsatisfactory reply, the CofCC web editor shot back: “Since you appear to want to play games on this issue of a retraction or a response, let me try again to explain the difference.
“You admit that you contacted Mark Potok to get his opinion of the CofCC. You knew what Potok would say before he gave you his views. You presented Potok as a neutral authority on the CofCC even though the SPLC has attacked the CofCC relentlessly over the years. What we asked for is a response to Potok and the SPLC. I made it clear that the SPLC is not an unbiased source of information on our group, therefore you mislead your readers by quoting Potok without allowing us a response. It seems to me that a professional journalist would have attempted to contact us for a response to what Potok said.
Regarding your concerns about my description of the flag sales procedure, and pondering a possible correction, I had two questions:
1)	Is there a business relationship between the Council of Conservative Citizens and Patriotic Flags?
2)	Does the CCC get a percentage of the sales?
“As for Patriotic Flags, your logic regarding our association is a lame ’guilt by association’ ploy, and one which follows a very crooked logic. I made it clear to you that Patriotic Flags advertises on our website. We do not receive any share of Patriotic Flags profits nor any other subsidy besides an advertising fee.
“By your own logic, if the Press Register carries an ad for a bookstore that sells pornography, then the Press Register
is a partner in the porno business. ‘Notwithstanding’ the other books sold at a bookstore, the pornography is ‘linked’ to the Press Register.
Also - PF’s sale of other ‘historic* flag’s not withstanding - what is CCC's philosophy for allowing a link to a company that sells material associated with the Nazi government?
“In case no one informed you, Mr. Holan, there is no ‘Nazi government' and therefore all flags pertaining to that regime are by definition historic. You might have also considered our philosophy for linking to a company that sells the Soviet flag, also a ‘historic’ emblem but one which has not vanished entirely from world politics. Obviously, you have no problem ‘philosophically' with the Soviet flag.
“Mr. Holan, why don’t you stop trying to squirm out of a problem you created? We have asked only for a response adequate to false statements made by you and Mr. Potok. Don’t you think we have a right to respond to accusations that we are a ‘hate group?’”
In a separate attempt to communicate with the M&M forces, Linda Sewell of Mobile pleads this case for tolerance with City Councilman Fred Richardson: “Please take the time to read this and try to understand that we, as Southerners, have a point of view just as you do. You do not ask us to compromise, but to surrender. Been there, done that, won’t do it again. By attempting to destroy all things Confederate, you are only creating more racial divisiveness. The harder you try to destroy our heritage, the more flags we fly, the more monuments we erect. We have never ask that you remove anything that you honor. By the same token, we ask that same respect.”
From: Fred Richardson To: Linda
Sent: Thurs^ February 22,2001 4:27 PM Subject: Re: Adopt-a-flag The city of Mobile has nothing to do with your personal belief. However, any true Southern Southern Heritage must include the history my ancestors aswell as yours. Anything other than that will constitute Southern Lies. From: Linda [bamagal2@bellsouth.net] Sent: Thursday, February 22,2001 4:56 PM To: richardson@ci.mobile.al.us Subject: Re: Adopt-a-flag “I agree that your ancestors should be honored and not forgotten. I abhore slavery and wish to God that it had never happened. But I am not responsible for slavery and neither are my ancestors. We didn’t own any slaves. But my great-great-grandfather fought in the War to protect his family from the Northern Invasion. He spent two years in deadly northern prison camps. I can assure you, sir, that he was not fighting to preserve slavery. I will never stop my efforts to honor his memory and the memory of those others like him who fought, died and were imprisoned, defending their rights of sovereignty. You have been highly miseducated, misled, and misinformed, if you believe that the War was fought T0 preserve slaveiy. If you would only take the time to educate yourself to the truth, the entire Mobile community could better be served.
“The City of Mobile has everything to do with my personal belief. You see, it is not only my belief, but the belief of the majority of Mobilians. And by trying to destroy our heritage, you are guilty of the same thing for which you wish to accuse me.
“But you must agree that my heritage is just as important to me as yours is to you. Anything less is unacceptable. I would never ask you to rename MLK Blvd., Hank Aaron Stadium or remove any symbol of your heritage. It is your right to protect and honor your heritage, just as it is my right to protect and honor mine.
“I repeat, you are not asking for a compromise, but for a total surrender. This will never happen. You are simply
Joe’s Upholstery
1011 N US Hwy 31 - Bay Minette In business 24 yrs. can reupholster furniture or cars also church pews Call 937-2263 or 937-3397
creating more racial divisiveness by insisting on the removal of all Confederal symbols. As a result of your insistence, we will fly more flags and erect more monuments just to prove that we are not going to ever surrender againU From: Fred Richardson To: Linda
Sent: Sunday, March 11,2001 10:29 pm Subject: RE: Adopt-a-flag You need to read the conststution of the Confederate States of America. The right to own,trfansport, and sell slaves became the corner stone of the confederate. That is what your ancestors were fighting for and slavery ended only when the south lost Having said that, life goes on. If I can get pass slavery, you must get pass your ancestors loosing.
From: Linda [bamagal2@bellsouth.net] Sent: Monday, March 12,2001 8:35 am To: richardson@ci.mobile.al.us Subject: Re: Adopt-a-flag
“I sincerely hope that you are not suggesting to me that my great-great-grandfather. who owned no slaves, was fighting a war, only for the preservation of slavery. I would be extremely offended and insulted that you would assume the worst about my g-g-greatfather, without ever knowing him. I have already told you that he fought to defend his land, his home, his family and his honor. He did not fight to preserve slavery.
“Did you know that the Confederate constitution was modeled exactly after the US Constitution?? Do you feel this entire country is still pro-slavery since we all live under this Constitution??
“The Emancipation Proclamation was issued two years before the end or the war and only freed the slaves in the border states, freeing none of the slaves of the north nor of the northern Confederacy.
“If the war was about slavery, why didn’t it end when Dishonest Abe signed the Proclamation?? The war was only made to be about slavery after it started. As I have said to you before, you have been highly misinformed if you believe the Northern Invasion was fought over slavery. You really need to do some research before you assume those facts to be true, simply because someone may have suggested them to you. Regardless of your beliefs, I shall never surrender to the demands being made to destroy all remnants of my heritage. The Confederate flag shall always be a part of my home and my life and I will continue to honor my ancestors by flying it until it is pried from my cold dead heads. Why can’t you see that this is about tolerance???? Why can't you tolerate our heritage as we tolerate yours??? We dare defend our rights.	Linda	Sewell
This newspaper will print intelligible responses to these heated charges by two ordinary citizens should any be received, but we’re not holding our breath waiting. The M&M crowd makes a big splash out of communicating with the people, then dodges questions they feel grownups ought not be asking. Forever miscalculating, no leftist agenda anywhere, that we know of. has been able to sustain a genuine public dialog.
So, when the “String of Pearls” regime at Mobile City Hall cut its communications bridge again, that was the end of it, right? Not quite. There are other Internet paths besides what they closed in retreat. Go to PetitionOnline.com/865823bb/petitioD.html for the one initiated by this newspaper, or to Confederate.50megs.com for the new South Alabama Council of Conservative Citizens site, and enter your plea for tolerance.
Petitions will also be available at several gatherings during this Confederate History Month of April. For more on these events, see page 1, Public Happenings.
8 The First Freedom April 2001
TO SEN. CALLAHAN Sonny. I’m annoyed these thieves. Rich and Pincus Green, went free. For cheating on my income tax I would go to prison. And how about the four pardoned Hasidic Jews who stole millions from the U.S.? They can go to Israel and escape scot-free! Do you realize 95% of U.S. Jews are Democrat and voted for Gore? Why give Israel any foreign aid? They shot up the USS Liberty, killing and wounding many Americans! Are you going to keep helping them with more foreign aid? I am awaiting your reply.
NATHAN W. GAMBLE Bon Secour
TURNCOAT Please take tigs small check to help save the flag. It is too bad you have to fight for your history. Keep up the good work. I'm an old Northern lady wishing I was Southern.
BETTY DELL Beloit, WI
Terminal Phase
Ever again comes the tireless liberal -his eminence, along with another invoice for such acuity. “Encouraged” to appreciate the benefits of still higher taxes, when we Southern bigots start getting that creepy, helpless feeling, isn't it time for a second look at those doomsday forecasts which brought us all of this government meddling, just to see how they turned out?
For the most part, of course, his flops are down the memory hole. But, scouting old papers and archives independently, you youngsters can investigate what I'm saying here, prove me right or wrong. Surely it's understood the visionaries themselves have in mind never to enlighten us, in their controlled media, why those wild guesses failed to materialize. What I’m getting at, one shouldn't believe a pack of lies simply because conditioned to do so. You're about to face the irrefutable reality of America’s catalepsy by design! Which intelligence is more than a duty to prod her reawakening, freedom to fight back is a divine privilege.
Only when exposed as tricks to advance their socialist agenda does it become clear the conspiracy's bankrollers had but little regard for facts to prop up any moment's scare tactic, most issues being propaganda. Back when the liberal media first started feeling that ecstatic rush of power, the news we now review became all the rage. For them, it was a foregone conclusion: they were gaining the upper hand over a reactionary government The mediacrat meant to rule. Clout!
Here, then, his prognoses against what actually happened.
1.	) In 1978 the entire east coast would become deforested from acid rain no later than the mid-eighties. Never happened.
2.	) First there was to be global cooling. No dice. Later, global warming. A joke. Long-term weather fluctuations are known to have existed always, but they couldn't even scare up one of these.
3.	) To them, that newly-discovered hole in the ozone layer grew disturbing. It could only have resulted from human activity! The phenomenon was later determined as not of recent development, exposing an awesome vacuum in the “thinking” of such hollow intellectuals: exemplified best at the apogee of liberal infection by peecee “scientist” Carl Sagan and his leftist, light-radiating media darlings. The latter wanted, and got, costly new refrigerants obediently mandated by government, but then proved unnecessary as a “temporary” sky-patch. Yep, the shackles on American industry are still in place, along with those worrisome openings above the polar caps.
4.	) Cities would eventually suffocate in a smog blanket, sans “u.n.” regulation. But competing emission-control technologies between the Japanese and American auto manufacturers, all by themselves, rendered that threat obsolete. Present air pollution is less that a tenth what it was when they made their prophesy. The “united nations,” weaned of our “contributions,” couldn't tie its shoes.
5.	) Owners and stockholders of timber.
utUn...
Your signed letter with phone number and address is welcome, but will be edited as necessary to fit available space. Keep it brief and to the point, for this is a small paper. (See masthead on page 2.)
PAGING GOAT HILL Thanks for your update on these bills. I certainly agree with you on each of these bills. I wish more folks did what you did and held legislators responsible for their actions.
SEN. BILL ARMISTEAD Columbiana
ORIGINAL BILLS OKAY This is a friendly reminder that all voting records are watched very closely by someone. I agree with your requests, unless they become amended so I cannot support them.
SEN. GERALD DIAL Lineville
(See “Our Opinions,*9 page 7. - Ed.)
LIKES WEB PAGE The FF site is a beautiful sight So glad the CofCC is (in effect) behind the founding of a new, vibrant paper and that you honor other groups* efforts. Everybody talks about the need for inter-group unity and cooperation, you all seem to be doing something about it. An linguistically interesting collection of Anglo-Ceitic names on your masthead. Give the systemites no quarter!
NELSON WALLER Anderson, SC (This independent paper belongs to all who value responsible freedom. And if patriot groups don’t always agree on how to get we are going, allowing ourselves to be divided, apologizing to the NWO, then let’s have more newspapers telling the peecees, “This far and no further!”—Ed.|
out of sheer cupidity according to elite seers in the 1970's, would exterminate by the millennium many species of flora and fauna. Looking afier their best interests however, those “greedy” capitalists had. before 1985, completely reforested all strip-harvested lands in keeping with profit-oriented aims of long standing, even spending huge sums increasing wildlife. More trees were standing in America than at the turn of the previous century. The country was most definitely not in need of increased deer or armadillo populations, though we might have exported to South Africa one domestic variety of creep, homullus dejectus. that he might “equally” participate in that “natural” environment he was just then telescoping into existence from a safe remove.
6.) “Our” news media gave legislators opposing their North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), “a treaty designed to bring jobs and profits while spreading democracy and goodwill,” bad press for saying it could only export]obs. However, after all restrictions on foreign goods had vanished, but none from our manufactures, any well-informed schoolchild, if that’s not an oxymoron these days, might have extrapolated from that deadly equation the plant closings to come. Except that truth, first casualty always in this sinister New World Order crusade being waged against us, was once again missing in action.
According to Liberty Lobby's Spotlight, U.S. Corporate profits (unlike wages) rose substantially. That money came from “the sweat of child labor around the world. At least 120 million children between the ages of 5 and 12 are made to work a full day in the poor countries of die world to produce goods for rich nations, often at wages amounting to a dollar a day or even less, Professor Benno Morici of the University of Maryland revealed in a recent study [by the Economic Strategy Institute]...
“[T]he report suggests that unpaid prison labor, bonded labor and semi-slave labor exploited in huge prison-like camps under club-wielding armed guards have become 'prevalent* from China to Brazil. Wherever large international corporations operating under the new covenants of 'free trade' such as the WTO and NAFTA have managed to destroy labor standards and workers' rights, they have made an average yearly extra profit of at least $6,000 per exploited laborer..
Sharp-witted citizens started realizing when the week's agendum simultaneously broke on all three networks, that the media were working in tandem. The king makers reacted: it would not do for even the grunts to figure this out; so, preventing their scam from becoming too obvious gave urgency to advancing the schedule, outflanking such resistance in a consolidated power grab.
Redirecting the attentions of young, hardworking taxpayer-parents portended the hardest part; kidnaping their offspring for egalitarian experiments might then become possible. Thus little children, final
objective of world control, were targeted for isolation from the strictures of parental guidance. Winning and spoiling them, with that interference out of the way, could be pure enjoyment for such unscrupulous, practiced manipulators. The mediae racy poked one provocative, and hopefully unejectible, foot in the door.
7.) Modest homes first receiving news of sex education in the proposed agenda were understandably shocked, while the liberal hive buzzed with excitement. Quickly and audibly, an enraged populace reminded those elite planners that such curricular decisions rested with themselves and their local school boards. So the media retreated to their fallback position; sodomizing the kids would momentarily have to wait But how could they have known without trying? Dropping Libertine Arts 101, a substitute teach-in of parallel aims fortified with socially-redeeming medical urgency was found in the Herpes scare. Unless “broad-minded” education came to the rescue, a raging epidemic would cut across the U.S. within ten years! Protective measures were recommended in that sex, no longer a natural and private matter, had to be taught even in the lowest grades. Again the response came back of one accord: You leave our kids out of this! Herpes down the memory hole.
But suddenly, right behind that false alarm, a real sexual disease epidemic struck with magnum force. And this time even the doomsayers were worried: They hadn't just invented the aids scare. Queer sympathies throughout the liberal media, chagrined by such perverse tidings, were disinclined to allow that it was primarily adult homosexuals, not children, standing imminently in danger.
Aside from the foreboding peril within their own circles, sex education redirected elsewhere to snare innocents under cover of protecting them would pose no concern for the shameless. Herpes upstaged, this was a genuine threat, and malleable to their bias. The emphasis just needed reorienting in the daily news a bit, that's all: teaching without condemning such behavior as had loosed so horrible a nightmare in the first place. For those not yet expecting speedy removal, the party was gening better!
With “civil rights” redistributions going to “minorities” for not rioting, “gays,” too, could capitalize on America's unfailing compassion according to desires of long standing; those promiscuous cheerleaders having roused the Negroes in an opening round, to soften their white targets. After many a season’s brainwashing, the masses had come to link individual preference (or, using the media term which proved more pliant, discrimination) with irrational backwardness. All these “gays” wanted was approval of their, uh, unique lifestyle, a license for introducing our children to sensitivity training, access to coach that neutering process unimpaired, and for the rest of us to feel guilty about what they had brought upon themselves.
Teaching children sex, even before the
age of puberty, would be required after all!
Upon deployment of this latest program, rumors flew rampant throughout all branches of the mediacracy. Accidents where nurses running blood tests became infected before the extreme danger was known, resulting in a small number of cases involving heterosexuals (fewer than one percent as it turned out, the exception that usually proves the rule), were cited as evidence that the entire populace stood much at risk, and would remain threatened until everybody received sexual tutoring: how to “safely” engage in deviate, excuse me, alternate copulation practices posing but minimal danger of acquiring the heroic sickness. With preposterous audacity, the propagandists simultaneously claimed that sex education was urgent for all age groups - including kindergarten! - to forestall an epidemic that would otherwise range from homosexuals out into every home: while, in rare cases of infected school children. these should remain among classmates so as not to feel isolated, there was no danger in that association.
Let’s face it The battle isn’t about who is right and who's wrong, no contest there. But such lowlifes have taken the strategic plateau, the media! Their goal is obvious, openly declared. “We're here, we're queer, but you may not use the word, ta da!”
Such is the problem: choice has to do with definitions. If the printed ballot asks only, “Have you stopped beating your wife (Y)(N)?” and you stand gaping while they do exit polls, the “news” will find everybody favoring arguments that make no sense, not from our point of view at any rate; so, recovering self-government can only begin with the media.
It's not just a fight to defend Alabama's heritage and the majority's wholesome world view; we seek quite a bit more than “equal” note with “gay,” lesbian, radical black and witchcraft studies. I'm talking about, at the very least, reestablishing in every area of this state a major newspaper dedicated to its local culture.
Their conspiracy, and its perverted bent, reminds us that the shining face of nature has a shadow side. If granted today's agenda, those phony elites would be back tomorrow, demanding further unearned powers; habitual aloofness separating them again from any genuine fellowship with conventional society.
Such are the proofs of recurrent trickery and arrogance, plainly begging indictment. Thus, coming up next, I will tell exactly how these veteran showbiz bosses have plotted and shaped the mediacracy. Also, why their ilk must ever continue, in any age, coveting (to dejend, as they will say) every bulwark of legitimacy. All authority usurped by them can only be fraudulent; they've no better purpose than taking down ethics - and natural forewarnings. We do not surrender! Chasing omnipotence, it's their desire to grasp the scepter now and forever, and put underfoot the masses they’ve treated so mercilessly. To those flunkies, it's just a word: democracy.