The Knights Party / Thomas Robb, director / PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601 / 870-427-3414 / Issue #151 / www.kkk.com
Bush - 4 More Years - What Will
it Mean for White Christian America?
You have heard the shouts of victory coming from the conservative camp and the wailing and moaning from the leftist crowd. President George W. Bush is in the White House for four more years.
The 2004 election was one of the nastiest in recent memory. Campaign offices of both the Republicans and Democrats were vandalized and burglarized in several cities. In Colorado more voters were registered to vote than there were even voters. A local leader of the NAACP in Indiana was caught buying votes with crack. Canadian born Mike Moore of Fahrenheit 911 fame allegedly put 1500 cameras in polling places across America - reportedly to keep an eye on those down and dirty Republicans.
Although Kerry lost, he pulled every rabbit out of every hat he could find. He or his associates spoke at Black churches nationwide (with no IRS in sight). In one Baptist church in Miami Kerry attempted to turn from politician to preacher.
“We are taught to walk by faith, not by sight," he told the group. He spoke of, “the great gap today in America". Kerry who supports abortion quoted from the Bible book of James ‘faith without works is dead" He continued on “these folks from Jeremiah who, we are reminded, they have eyes but they don 7 see and they have ears but they don 7 hear. “ When I look around me in this country, 1 see a whole bunch of people who talk about faith, I see a whole bunch of people who put it out there, but I see an awful lot of deeds undone, I see a lot of work to be done in this country" One newspaper even reported that black ministers were comparing Kerry to a modem day Moses.
According to the Associated Press John Kerry boasted of flying an Israeli jet and called out in Hebrew during
campaign stops in heavily populated Jewish areas. He boasts of climbing to the top of Masada Mountain in Israel and yelling out “The people of Israel live". Of course Kerry himself is Jewish. His grandfather was a Czeck Jew who changed his name from Kohn to the popular Irish name of Kerry. In 2000, Jews voted 4 -to - 1 for A1 Gore and Joe Lieberman. And in Miami, promising to do more to help the Haitian people he spoke to them in French (which he speaks fluently). Haiti was at one time a French colony.
White Christians in America overwhelmingly elected George Bush to another term as President of the most powerful nation in the world. In a race that looked like it could go to either Bush or Kerry - white Christians made the difference. While many white Christians felt they really had no alternative than Bush or Kerry, they went for what many viewed as the lesser of two evils. Not totally in the best interest of white Christians - Bush is firmly behind increased non-white immigration, big business, and a war that many view as being waged at the quiet yet influential bidding of Israel. Yet, it is quite evident that white Christians were trying to do what is right. They voted on moral issues such as Pro-life, Pro-^ Amendment, and Pro-Marriage - all of which Bush supports While
The Kerry camp thought they had it in the bag by gois after young people and women. However, it was only the minority vote and elitist white vote that really backed Kerry (and of course throw in some thoroughly confused white people in the working class who never really caught on to the homosexual/gun grabbing agenda of Kerry). White Christian women backed the moral issues promoted by Bush and the evangelical community went after the young vote also - bringing
Continued on Page 4
Letters to tfie ‘Editor
The Crusader Published b>
Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Harrison. AR 72601
Thomas Robb Editor Rachel Pendergraft Asst Editor
uuu.kvkk.eont
Watch This is the KJan Internet TV Show Each Week with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergratl The FIRST and (>Nl Y Weekb racialist News Broadcast — World W ide. This is the KJun — This is the Truth
Issue #151
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use. however there is no guarantee as to their use Subscription info:
12 issues $20.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
\ out mas wish to consider remembering The Knights in yoctr will or trust. You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics. \ ou can help support this Important cause after you're gone.
Dear Pastor Robb,
Please find enclosed a letter to the editor and the reporter who wrote the story about Senator Allen ( R ) Virginia who wishes to introduce a bill that calls for the senate to apologize for lynch ings of the past.
Enclosed also are letters that I mailed to various groups of hypocrites involved in a group called “Justice and Peace.” - Also included is a letter to Senator Allen. I defend you every chance I get. I appreciate what you do for me and my descendants. We need more leaders like you.
Sincerely,
Warren E. Bissell / Virginia Beach, VA
1“ Dear Senator Allen,
First, as a representative of the people, you speak for the people, all the people of Virginia. Therefore, you are out of line to apologize for those of us who don 7 feel guilt for something we didn 7 do. Neither I nor any of my ancestors ever lynched anyone. Also, you don 7 know your history very well. Lynching was a legitimate form of execution for rapists, child molesters, and murderers. It was no more illegal or wrong than it is today to use the electric chair or lethal injection. It was less expensive for the taxpayers, however.
If you feel guilty, please extend your personal apology, but leave your constituency out of it. I am sick to the point of vomiting for all these apologies -especially to blacks. Have you ever found a black who wishes slavery had never happened and which refugee camp would he like to be living in, in Africa?
Bantus who have never been slaves are now settling in America and receiving minority Affirmative action privileges. This gives them preference over the poor white boy from Appalachia whose family may have been in America for a dozen generations. This is a disgrace, an injustice, insanity. Where is your sense ofjustice?
Please don 7 apologize for me for something I or my children, nor my ancestors did not do - and those who did were within the law and had good reason. Keep your apology personal. Leave me and my family out of it!"
White Christian Heritage Festival 2004
Dear Pastor Robb and Mrs. Pendergraft,
Thank you so much for the invitation to the festival in Pulaski. 1 haven't been able to attend for a few years, but made a special effort to get there this year. I am really glad I did and my family and I had a great time. Everyone was so friendly. Even though I am just a subscriber to The Crusader I feel like I am a part of The Knights.
Everything was done very professionally. I learned some great facts about our people that I had never known before. The educational tables were a nice addition since I was there in 1999. The last time I saw Mrs. Pendergraft’s daughters they were just little girls and now they are in their teens, singing and performing music on stage. My wife and kids really liked that. It just shows how much our children can give to the cause if we teach them right.
Thanks again for a great time. We're hoping to make it to the meeting on Memorial Day weekend.
Sincerely, Russ and Iva - Florida
ATTENTION READERS - THROUGHOUT THIS ISSUE ARE NUMEROUS PHOTOS FROM THE FESTIVAL - ENJOY
May God Bless You and Your Loved Ones this Christmas!
Muriel
Pastor Robb
Charity
Nathan
Richard
Jason
Robert	Sara
Rachel P.
Not Pictured: Cynthia O* Grads and Paul Jefferson
Anna
Mark
From all of us here at the National Headquarters of The Knishts — Christmas 2004
Non Silba	jd
Bk. Sed Anthar .jM
out record numbers of young first time Christian voters. Feminists for Life - a large national pro-life organization was involved in grassroots organizing in college campuses across the nation (though ignored by the national media) going after the growing number of single pro-life women who otherwise aren't involved in Christian circles and may be considered liberal. This
I
helped diminish the abortion vote Kern had been counting on.
Overall, the election proved that most white people are trying to vote based on a Christian philosophy - though they often miss the mark in other areas such as integration, immigration, and support of the outlaw state of Israel. Unfortunately, as Pastor Thomas Robb points out, it’s these very things - immigration, integration, and Jewish influence that will be our undoing. As America becomes less white, our nation will become more Judaized and less Christian. Racial integrity and standing up for our birthright must be the deciding factor. Without that, we will lose everything else and that is why The Knights Party and our effort to get these issues before the people are so very important!
Parents Demand District Stop Barring Christmas from Classrooms
A group of parents is upset that little - if any -discussion of Christmas is allowed in their Maine school district's classrooms.
In 1994, the Scarborough (Maine) School district banned all Christmas celebrations. However, since the policy was adopted, talk about Hanukkah and other non-Christian holidays have been allowed in the district. And, according to area parent Lisa Lowry, even though the schools' policy was amended two years ago, the teachers are still afraid to discuss Christmas.
As a result of this situation, Lowry says Scarborough kids are coming home afraid to say "Merry Christmas." The Maine mom, who has three children in the district schools, is dismayed for a number of reasons. "/ grew up with Christmas
page ^	Continued	on	Page	8
The 2004 election might be remembered as “The Year of the Gun Owner.”
Presidential candidate John Kerry, a liberal anti-gun Senator from Massachusetts, tried to morph himself into The HunterRarely a day passed during the latter part of the campaign without Kerry posing with a firearm and speaking about his strong support of the Second Amendment, in complete contradiction to his 20-year anti-gun voting record.
Kerry was not alone. All across the country, anti-gun politicians tried to hide behind gun-friendly photo ops and empty rhetoric about how much they support gun rights.
Gun Owners of America, through its candidate rating program and political action committee, was able to expose much anti-gun duplicity this year, and the results were extremely heartening. Of course, the obstructionist anti-gun Senate Minority Leader, Tom Daschle, is finally deposed. Replacing him is former Representative John Thune, a strong pro-gun ally supported by Gun owners of America— Political Victory Fund (GOA-PVF).
But while ousting Daschle was certainly one of the most crucial races this year, there were six open senate seats that anti-gunners had their sights set on. GOA-PVF played an important role in thwarting that plan and helping to elect strong pro-gun advocates to five of the six open seats.
In Louisiana, pro-gun Rep. David Vitter shocked pundits by winning this senate race outright. In that state, all candidates, regardless of party, are placed on the November ballot. If no candidate were to break the 50% mark, the top two vote getters would head into a December runoff election. Both major candidates, Vitter and Rep. Chris John (D), claimed to be pro-gun. Rep. John, though, had voted against arming commercial airline pilots and for the unconstitutional campaign finance reform law, earning him a "C" grade by GOA as opposed to David Vitter’s solid "A" rating. Vitter got 51% of
the vote and is now the Senator-elect. He replaces retiring antigun "F" rated Senator John Breaux (D).
Oklahoma: Moderately Pro-gun to Very Pro-gun - One of the most exciting races of Election Day was the one to replace retiring Senator Don Nickles ®. Running were former Representative Dr. Tom Coburn and current Rep. Brad Carson. Guns were a blazing issue right up to the end. The Republican establishment did not support Coburn, who is known as a "Dr. No" who opposes their pork projects.
Pro-gun Candidates Win Open Senate Seats in the Southeast
*	The Senate seat in North Carolina was that of vice-presidential nominee John Edwards, a trial lawyer who earlier this year took a rare break from the campaign to come to Washington to help sink a bill designed to protect gun makers from frivolous lawsuits. Running to fill this seat were pro-gun U.S. House member Richard Burr and former Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton, Erskine Bowles.
*	In South Carolina, pro-gun House member Jim DeMint faced off against Inez Tenenbaum, State Superintendent of Education. Tenenbaum had the advantage of having won statewide office in 1998 and 2002, while Rep. DeMint was widely unknown outside of his congressional district. Rep. DeMint is a man of who clearly articulated his positions and stood by them. Tenenbaum, on the other hand, was advised by campaign managers not to make her Second Amendment positions known. Rep. DeMint, won with 54% of the vote.
Huge Victory in Colorado
All together, GOA-PVF helped 14 pro-gun challengers get elected in the House and Senate. GOA's general policy is to
Continued on Page 9
KKKC TOSS Flag $15.00
Large Rebel Flag Umbrella $16.00
Small window Flag with suction cup -$5.00
Heritage NOT Hate / Rebel Flag $15.00
REBEL FLAG TOTE BAG
Natural colored tote bag with large rebel flag on it and the word REBEL -sturdy and durable $9.00
FLAG of the ALAMO!
(Not shown)
Illegal aliens overrunning our borders say they want Texas back - but it was never theirs'. Fly the flag of the famous Alamo hattle that led to Texas Independence.
$15.00
REBEL
Vanity/License Plate
Lightweight Rebel ’‘car tag'*. Large Confederate Flag design.
$5.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Decal - $2.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Bumper Sticker - $4.00
Rebel Car Antenna Flag -$6.00
ORDER ANYTHING ON THESE TWO PAGES FROM
Christian Books and Things PO Box 111 /HARRISON, AR 72601
IF USING A CREDIT CARD YOU CAN ALSO CALL YOUR ORDER IN 870-427-1611 (hours are generally 10am -5pm Mon, Tues, Wed. Fri. Go to www.kkk.bz for a Link to our Web Site - Many More Items to See
Informational Leaflets for Distribution
$8.00 PER 50 OR $15.00 PER 100
Economic Tyranny over America - quotes oil $ from famous people, exposes corruption of international bankers and politicians.
Truth Tract on Gun Rights with quotes from founding fathers - dispels myths put out by anti-gun fanatics.
Martin Luther King Truth Sheet - lists examples of Kings Communist affiliation, sexual deviancy. violent rhetoric, etc. Win he should not have a holiday - lists sources
Be a Winner with The Knights - political tract about The Knights - simple and direct.
Gay “Marriage*’ Why Now? - discusses (he background behind thus unChnstian phenomenon
You Can Be a Hero - Asks the reader to consider the future of their children and join with others in becoming heroes for their families.
Introduction to The Knights Tells about The Knights with a short bio of Thomas Robb / includes application.
The Knights is Organizing in YOUR city - Have this leaflet personalized for y our city or county. Contains political message about white Christian rights.
The Public School Religion — Talks about the humanist/Judeo influence now in the public schools | its fruit are racemixing and homosexuality among the youth. Why are these groups targeting y our children? Protect your kids
T-shirts $17.00 each (S, M, L, X I- XXL or XXXL add$3.00) designs are over heart - full color order anything on this page from Christian Books and Things / PO Box 111 / Harrison, AR 72601
w Mr,*,..,,. Vv	T'-T.!"* <FJf
Ifs LOVE
not HATE
THE
titt
i*
►	vr	il	•*	'm	£■	►
They may take your flag
KagfcflffttKa Unite
<0>
Cbt24				
	But m m wimM f rty om mm*1			cbt23
		Cbt26		
				
				
%
Jf

w
M

Qf>oi», JR.atr ain't ^atbn
*H* Sul to GOD. RaCI IfWA’TRT
(Jvntra^cf
#
cbtIO

./j r
cbt25		cbt5		cbt3	
cbt2
Any of the above designs can be ordered in a hat Instead of CBT in front of the stock number use CBH. Hats are on a white can with either naw. black or red bill $16.00
You wear your x

and IH wear MWE!
cbt22
VHS or DVD $15.00
Why The Knights?
This is the Klan immigration Crisis/Historicai and Biblical View There is Hope!
Take Back America! Christianity /Destroyed in the courts
Who We are/Why We’re Here/Where we’re going Enemy at the Gates (Israel’s part in 9/11 attacks White Christian Foundation of America!
Ruby Ridge Massacre
Key Chains-$6.00
♦	Round “blood drop” gold metal key chain
♦	Traditional Horseman on rectangular black background
♦	Blood drop on rectangular black background with letters KKK
♦	Rebel flag keychain on black rectangular backing
♦	Rebel flag keychain in clear plastic casing.
HAT/LAPEL PINS
$3..00 each
♦	Blood Drop Pin
♦	Klansman on a horse Pin
♦	KKK shield Pin
♦	Confederate Flag Pin
♦	I Love Jesus Pin
♦	Blood Drop Pin with letters KKK below
♦	Irish Shamrock
Cross lighting Picture in frame - $15.00
National Office Picture in Frame-$15.00
N.B. Forrest Picture In Frame-$15.00
Large Confederate Flag Umbrella $16.00
KKK Pens - with P.O. box and web address on pen $1.00 each
Jewelry $5.00
Blood Drop earrings (fish hook) Blood Drop necklace Blood Drop Tie Clip with chain
KKK watch - Men’s or Women’s $40.00 each
FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*
$15.00
American Flag	Christian Flag
Confederate Flag	Blood Drop with KKK
Confederate Flag (I Aint Coming Down)	$20. *Knights9 Banner
Confederate Flag with Celtic Cross and KKK Bonnie Blue Don’t Tread On Me
Rebel Flag Decal $2.00
Continued from Page 4
celebrations in our school, and of course I have all the wonderful memories that go with that," she says, "and I really am saddened that my children haven't been able to experience the same thing. ”
And the deliberate excising of the Christian celebration from the children's lives is not only evidenced at school. "/ also work in a church where I'm the Christian education director," Lowry says, "and when we do a Christmas pageant, the kids don't even know Christmas carols anymore, because they are not... learning about Christmas carols [as my generation did] in school when we were growing up"
But of particular concern to the Scarborough parent is the fact that the schools go beyond merely suppressing the Christian holiday to expressly discriminate against it. "Right now in our school system Hanukkah festival [music] is being played in the school band, but nothing about Christmas," she says.
Lowry feels strongly that if talk about Hanukkah and other religious holidays are allowed -- as it should be — then Christmas should not be left out either. And as far as she is concerned, secular "holiday season" songs are no substitute.
"There's a snow medley about 'Winter Wonderland' and another song," the mother of three says, "and that's [the school officials'] idea of being equal, I guess, to represent Christmas. But I like to see Christmas being called Christmas, and Hanukkah being called Hanukkah, instead of a holiday party."
Bush Administration - Worse Record on Immigration Policy
An immigration reform organization thinks the Bush administration has had the worst record when it comes to holding employers accountable for hiring illegal aliens. The Center for Immigration Studies is a non-profit research organization that examines the impact of immigration on the United States.
Spokesman Steve Camarota says the group's research shows a real lack of effort by the Bush administration in enforcing immigration laws. "The only people he wants to enforce the law on are people from the Middle East — and even there, it's half-hearted," Camarota says. The CIS official describes Bush as "probably the weakest president we've ever had" on enforcement of U.S. immigration laws. He explains his charge. "In the last year, only one dozen employers have been fined for knowingly hiring illegal aliens, out of a pool of hundreds of thousands of employers who are likely doing it," he says.
Camarota says there is simply little political will to force more accountability on employers because the cost of illegal immigration is diffused among all American taxpayers. "In politics, typically a narrowly focused benefit trumps a diffused cost, even if the diffused cost is much larger than the narrowly focused benefit" That, he says, is why illegal immigration skyrockets and immigration laws are not enforced.
Page 8
Continued from Page 5
restrict support to challengers, since incumbents have obvious advantages in raising money and name ID.
This is why GOA's Executive Director put out a PERSONAL appeal for incumbent Rep. Marilyn Musgrave (R-CO), who was combating a million dollar TV campaign that attacked her incessantly. Happily, Musgrave was able to raise $3 million, and she won her race with 51% of the vote. Musgrave has been a leader on a whole host of conservative issues, including gun rights. She was the founder of the Second
Amendment Caucus in Congress and has sponsored and cosponsored numerous progun bills. People in Musgrave's district have certainly appreciated her willingness to fight the Republican establishment in the nation's capital, just as she fought it in Denver as a state legislator.
The Road Ahead There is no question that gun owners made significant gains in the 2004 elections. There is the question, however, of what will be done with these gains.
The ultimate objective is not merely to elect good people; we must also work to restore lost ground. Consider just a few examples of gun rights we have lost over the past few decades:
*	The 1968 Gun Control Act instituted, among other things, the blatantly unconstitutional "sporting purposes" test, which stipulates that imported firearms must be "particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes."
*	Since 1976, the District of Columbia has been under a near total gun ban. The House voted this year to repeal the ban, but it died in the Senate.
*	In 1986, the Congress banned the manufacture of machine guns for non-military and law enforcement. Anti-gunners use the argument the authors of the Constitution never envisioned full autos when they wrote the Second Amendment. Well, they probably never thought about radio, television and the Internet, either. Yet, no one would argue the First Amendment does not protect these.
*	In 1993, the Congress passed the Brady background registration check. Now, citizens must go to the FBI to get permission to buy a firearm. This is nothing less than turning our Second Amendment "right" into a mere "privilege" Supporters of the law try to make it more palatable by pointing out that it is "instant" and hardly an inconvenience, as if expediency makes losing liberty acceptable.
*	In 1996, the Congress passed the gun free zones law (prohibiting firearms within 1,000 feet of any school property) and the misdemeanor gun ban (lifetime gun ban for certain misdemeanor convictions).
These are just some of the unconstitutional laws that need to be overturned. Voting for pro-gun candidates is part of the battle. Getting the facts out about gun crimes and the
Above: Congresswoman Marilyn Musgrave wins a second term to represent the 4th District of Colorado in Washington: she is pro Guil Pro Lite. Pro-family and antiimmigration
benefits of guns to the public is a big factor in changing opinion. Writing and calling public officials with your concerns is vital. Everyone must continue to do their part.
Two organizations to contact for more information regarding gun rights (which includes links to others are:
Gun Owners of America
8001 Forbes PI Suite 102
Springfield VA 22151
PH: 703-321-8585
Armed Females of America
Afa@armedfemaleso famerica.com 2702 E. University Ste. 103 PMB 213 Mesa, AZ 85213
Congress Passes Anti-Semitism Bill
Both houses of Congress have unanimously passed legislation known as the Global Anti-Semitism Awareness Act. The new law requires that the State department compile an annual report and establish an office to address the issue.
The State Department at first rejected the proposal saying that it would '‘’’extend exclusive status to one religious or ethnic group”. But the bill gained momentum after Congressman Stephen Solarz organized more than 100 notable people to sign a letter of protest.
The letter was signed by prominent Americans from across the spectrum of the religious, political, academic and entertainment worlds. In addition to former Republican vice presidential nominee Jack Kemp and former ambassador to the United Nations Jeanne Kirkpatrick, the signatories included former National Security Advisor Anthony Lake, singers Janis Ian and Peter Himmelman, comedian David Brenner, former State Department Ozick and Thane Rosenbaum, and leaders of four top Christian religious seminaries: the Union Legal Advisor Abraham Sofaer, writers Cynthia n Theological Seminary, Yale Divinity School, Drew Theological Seminary and Pacific Lutheran Theological Seminary.
While anti-Semitism is viewed by many to include everything from actual violence to merely questioning the actions of the state of Israel or even the alleged historical link between modern Jews and the Biblical Israelites, we need not fear. The anti-Christ forces in these end times are making bold attempts to stop the inevitable - a Christ centered government (kingdom) on earth.
We must stay vigilant and hold high the banner of White Christian Revival. Our white brothers and sisters will come around when God is ready to open their eyes and ears. Our responsibility is to share the knowledge the Lord has seen fit to bestow upon us and not to give allegiance to the enemy by standing in awe of their supposed power. Count yourself worthy to be hated by those who Hate Jesus Christ
Page 9
Just for Kiefs
What are YOU Watching on TV?
By Shelby Pendergraft - Age 11
The Disney Channel has its good shows and its bad shows. Sadly, most of them promote race mixing and is brain washing the white Christian children of today.
Shows such as “That’s so Raven” is about a black girl who can see into the future. The “Proud Family” is about a proud black family. (What about a proud White family?) And there is also "Sister Sister" about two black sisters. All of the characters on these programs are proud blacks and the}' have plenty of white friends and sometimes white boyfriends.
Other shows that really promote race mixing is “Brace Face” and “Fillmore”. There are even shows about witchcraft.
The “Wonderful” World of Disney recently put out a movie called “Mean Girls”. It promotes homosexuality, race mixing, bad language, and unchristian behavior for girls (and boys). Of course, the mean girls in the show are the ones against the wonderful lesbians. And the star of the show’s first crush is a black boy. No doubt her parents encouraged it. (poor girl to have such un-thoughtful parents)
The children that watch these shows will grow up thinking that it is ok to race mix. Some of them will probably date or marry nonwhites.
Another channel that promotes lots of race mixing and queers is MTV. MTV isn’t supposed to be a kid’s channel. But kids still watch it. Girls kiss girls and boys kiss other boys on it. White girls dance with black boys and white boys dance with Mexican or Asian girls. There is too much grown up stuff on MTV - stuff that even grown ups shouldn’t watch.
The white children of America are our future (and
white kids in other countries). We need to teach them what to do and what not to do. Parents can’t ignore them and send them to their room to watch TV. That is where they learn about race mixing and queers. When they grow up they might even do it themselves and moms and dads will wish they had paid more attention to how they raise their kids.
You kids who read this should know that it’s not cool to race mix or to be gay. Just because the TV says everyone is doing it or just because the church or school you go to says we should all mix up, doesn’t mean its right. If God wanted us to be all one color or to be gay. He would have made it that way. Think about it next time you watch the lies on TV. You can be much smarter than that!
Mexico to Seek Immigration Changes During Bush II
Mexico is hoping a second Bush administration will be more open to revamping America's immigration laws, to make it easier for Mexican citizens and others from Latin America to emigrate, especially for work.
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge, and a number of other Cabinet members are set to begin a two-day visit to Mexico beginning Monday. Mexican officials hope to change what one senior Mexican Cabinet official has called "absurd" U.S. immigration policies.
During the talks, Mexico is likely to push for a long-awaited accord on migrant rights. Also, officials are trying to put Mexico back on the Bush administration's agenda.
"It's absurd that (the United States) is spending as much as it's spending to stop immigration flows that can't be stopped... instead of using that money on real threats that pose risks for both countries," Interior Secretary Santiago Creel said this week.
He said he sensed "an openness to talking about immigration issues" but warned against "raising expectations beyond what is politically viable and really possible," in reference to resistance among U.S. legislators.
Two migrant worker bills are currently before members of the U.S. Congress, where they have been languishing during the summer-long election campaigns.
The Knights Activity Report
Chiba, Japan,
Letter to ADL Harrison, AR Kemersville, NC Colfax, NC Greensboro, NC Detroit, Ml Memphis, TN Springfield, TN Springfield, MO Dedham. MA Norwood, MA Boston. MA Beaver Dam, KY Mountain Home, AR Yellville, AR Hot Springs, AR Little Rock. AR Green Forest, AR Dublin. Ireland Modesto, CA Central CA Almond, AR Wolf Bayou, AR Banner, AR Concord, AR Rochester, NY Irish Fest - NY Pulaski, TN Gates, NY Columbus, OH ♦Columbus Dispatch ♦Clothing donation to vi of an apartment fire - OH Morgantown, MS Hattiesburg, MS Columbia, MS Bradenton, FL Scranton, PA Silver City, NM Bayard. NM Hiloy, NM Taunton, MA Stoughton, MA Randolph, MA
Avon, MA Howell. MI Lansing, Ml Philadelphia. PA Wilkes-Barre, PA Louisville, KY St. Matthews, KY Pueblo, CA Red Springs, NC Chicago, 1L Ft. Lauderdale, FL Milton, MA Owensboro, KY Los Angeles, CA San Francisco, CA Oak Ridge, NC ♦donation to Viet Nam Thrift store - NY Jamestown, NC Winston-Salem, NC Raleigh, NC Charlotte, NC San Leandro, CA Oakland, CA Scituate, MA Cohasset, MA Newton, MA Hingham, MA Tulsa, OK Somerset, NJ Baltimore, MD Branson, MO Kansas City, MO St. Louis, MO Farmersville, TX Greenville, TX Dallas, TX Sharon, MA Holbrook, MA North Attleborough, MA Plainville, MA Kilgore, TX Troup, TX Lake Tyler, TX Hillsboro, TX
Central, NJ Middleton, OH Greenwood, MS Clarksdale, MS Richmond, WV Charlottesville,
WV
Martinsburg, WV Lynchburg, WV Junction City, KS Olathe Kansas Ottawa KS Salina KS El Dorado KS Dodge City, KS Bangor ME Vet Baton Rouge, LA Minden, LA Monroe, LA Crowley, LA Sulphur, LA Savannah, GA Statesboro, GA Valdosta, GA Macon, GA Leavenworth, KS Mankato, MN Owatonna, MN Maryville, MO Scottsbluff, NE Bismarck, ND El Reno, OK Enid, OK Stillwater, OK Athens, TN Beaumont, TX Conroe, TX Lufkin, TX Galveston, TX Denton, TX Vidor, TX Fredericksburg, VA Casper, WY Racine, WI Laramie, WY
Pictured above at the W hite Christian Heritage Festival - from left to right Is Nat l Membership Coord Rachel Pendergraft. - The Knights. Nat I Director Thomas Robb. - The Knights. Doug W alker - Grand W izard of the Mystic Knights and Barn Black - Grand W izard of the Keystone Knights - everyone had a great time at this \ ear's event
Above: John Kundrot made a visit in mid-November to HQ from Boston. He is a regular contributing writer for The Crusader. Pictured fr om left to right is Sara office stall. Nat l Director Thomas Robb. John, and Charity, office staff.
Brownwood, TX Boulder, CO Sterling, CO Durango, CO Fort Morgan, CO Pueblo, CO Dover, DE Gainsville, GA Tallahassee, FL Vero Beach, FL Daytona, FL Orlando, FL Panama City, FL Lancaster, PA Hudson, FL Jackson, MS Dunnellon, FL Beverly Hill, FL Lecanto, FL Inverness, FL Jacksonville, FL Spokane, WA Billings, MT Cheyenne, WY Lebanon, TN Jackson, TN Denmark TN Newport, TN Beford, PA Jerome, ID Mountain Home, ID Boise, ID Idaho Falls, ID Twin Falls, ID West Memphis, AR Galloway, AR Parkway, KY Pendleton, KY Denver, CO Burlington, CO Richmond, VA Casper, WY Goose Creek, SC James Island. SC New Site, Alabama Spanaway, WA York, PA San Clemente, CA Wilk Barre, PA
Guntown, MS Oklahoma City, OK Denver City, TX West Palm Beach, FL Stoughton, MA Cincinnati, OH Kingsport, TN Enid, OK Woodruff SC Hamilton, OH Suffolk, VA Princeton, FL Bloomington, IL Moberly, MO West Haven, CT McEwen, TN Inkster, Ml Rocklin, CA Rockford, IL Fordyce, AR Robertsville, MO Robersdale, AL Millvile, NJ Lancaster, PA Jackson, MS Myrtle Beach, SC Charleston, SC Summerville, SC Lake Geneva, WI Pulaski, TN Knoxville, TN Milan, IN Fort Wayne, IN Yucca Valley, CA Fresno, CA Glendale, CA Springfield. MO Joplin, MO Nebraska City. NE Creston, IA Paris, MO Shanendoah. LA Des Moines, IA Fort Collins, CO Luxembourg,, Europe Phoenix,, AZ Tucson,. AZ Las Vegas, NV Carson City, NV
Honoring the Past - Working for the Future
General Nathan Bedford Forrest Memorial -	,	TN
FEBRUARY 2005 MARCH
JANUARY
wk	M	T	W	T	F	5	5
53						1	2
1	3	4	5	6	7	8	9
2	10	11	12	13	14	15	16
3	17	18	19	20	21	22	23
4	24	25	26	27	28	29	30
5	31						
wk	M	T	IV	T	F	5	5
5		1	2	3	4	5	6
6	7	8	9	10	11	12	13
7	14	15	16	17	18	19	20
8	21	22	23	24	25	26	27
9	28.						
wk	M	T	W	T	F	5	5
9		1	2	3	4	5	6
10	7	8	9	10	11	12	13
11	14	15	16	17	18	19	20
12	21	22	23	24	25	26	27
M	28	29-	3Qr	~3T			
APRIL
wk	M	T	W	T	F	S	S
13					1	2	3
14	4	5	6	7	8	9	10
15	11	12	13	14	15	16	17
16	18	19	20	21	22	23	24
17	25	26	27	28	29	30	
MAY
wk	M	r	IV	T	F	5	S
17							1
18	2	3	4	5	6	7	8
19	9	10	11	12	13	14	15
20	16	17	18	19	20	21	22
21	23	24	25	26	27	28	29
22	30	31					
JUNE
wk	M	T	IV	T	F	5	S
22			1	2	3	4	5
23	6	7	8	9	10	11	12
24	13	14	15	16	17	18	19
25	20	21	22	23	24	25	26
26	27	28	29	30			
JULY
wk	M	T	IV	T	F	5	S
26					1	2	3
27	4	5	6	7	8	9	10
28	11	12	13	14	15	16	17
29	18	19	20	21	22	23	24
30	25	26	27	28	29	30	31
AUGUST
wk	M	T	IV	T	F	' S	5
31	1	2	3	4	5	6	1
32	8	9	10	11	12	13	14
33	15	16	17	18	19	20	21
34	22	23	24	25	26	[27	28
35	29	30	31				
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
wk	M	T	IV	T	F	5	S	wk	M	T	IV	T	F	5	S	wk	M	T	IV	r	F	S	5	wk	M	T	IV	T	F	5	S
35				1	2	3	4	39						1	2	44		1	2	3	4	5	6	48				1	2	3	4
36	5	6	7	8	9	10	11	40	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	45	7	8	9	10	11	12	13	49	5	6	7	8	9	10	11
37	12	13	14	15	16	17	18	41	10	11	12	13	14	15	16	46	14	15	16	17	18	19	20	50	12	13	14	15	16	17	18
38	19	20	21	22	23	24	25	42	17	18	19	20	21	22	23	47	21	22	23	24	25	26	27	51	19	20	21	22	23	24	25
39	26	27	28	29	30			43	24	25	26	27	28	29	30	48	28	29	30					52	26	27	28	29	30	31	
44	31
Success is Not the Destination, but the effect of the Journey Upon the Traveler...We are not expected to do it all ~ but to give our all ~ Wake each Day with the Committment
to follow in the footsteps of our Courageous Ancestors!
Remember their Dedication and the future Generations Counting on YOU! www.kkk.com / 870-427-3414 / PO Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601 / Thomas Robb, dir.