The Knights Party / Thomas Robb, director / PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601 / 870-427-3414 / Issue #146 / www.kkk.com
The Battle is on the Home Front
By Mrs. Rachel Pendergraft
How many times throughout the day do you complain about the problems in the nation or how often do you hear someone else complain? Probably, even if you don’t complain out loud, you do complain hundreds of times a day within the silent confines of your mind.
There is nothing wrong with complaining. But often times along with the complaining are thoughts like, “/ can’t do anything about it’ or “its useless - Oh well, what’s on TV tonight?”
Our people have had the wind taken out of their sails. Our people feel hopeless, so they drown their sorrows in fast food, movies, sports, hunting, fishing, shopping, and so on. No, I’m not talking about the general population, I mean people like us. We are often the worst offenders. We have all this knowledge, but we concentrate on the negative too much and the brain shuts down and we find ourselves with our head buried in the sand.
My four year old does something similar. When things aren’t going his way, he puts his hands over his eyes so that it is dark. He thinks that magically somehow when he removes his hands, he’s going to get that dish of ice cream, the new toy, or maybe he won’t be getting the spanking he deserves. But no, life goes on. It doesn’t do any good to put your hands over your eyes.
The Bible tells us that it is harder to control our own lives than it is to rule a city. Sure it’s easy to tell others what to do or how to live. But try to live righteously yourself and its much more difficult.
Sometimes someone will call or write to us and say, “Why don’t you do this or why don’t you do that? What’s the matter with you aren’t you going to fix anything?” Well,
I don’t know. What are YOU doing? You want people to be warned about the truth, but your 2 or 3 carton a week cigarette habit is more important. A vacation is so much more fun. Season tickets to the ball games are easier to swallow than helping get literature or a message out to someone you will never meet. I know its just human nature, but aren’t we supposed to continually be asking God for the strength to overcome our sinful nature. My Bible says yes.
But this isn’t a plea to “put your money where your mouth is”. The Bible gives us the story of the widow who gave a little, but still it was all she had - versus the rich man who gave more, but percentage wise, a miniscule amount. I think you’ll recall that God blessed the widow, but condemned the rich man for cheating God. In our heart we know what is right - so I don’t want to talk about that.
What I want to do is put some wind back in your sails, because our enemies have demoralized our people. You see my friends; there is an area of the world where you are the ruler. You didn’t know that? Its true.
Forget about trying to reclaim some piece of land somewhere to be the bastion of white people. We aren’t going to make the Northwest (some years ago a big idea for some in the movement) or Old Confederacy THE place for white people. I’m not even promoting the idea of shipping Negroes back to Africa, like Abe Lincoln wanted to. Ask our white brothers and sisters in South Africa if they want more Negroes and they will tell you,11 Heck A/o!”
As far as I’m concerned, and the Bible will back me up, God gave the entire earth to be the white man and woman’s domain. That is our purpose in being here; to subdue and rule. Under our Christian guidance, all races will lead a much happier existence. Law and order is what they need.
But at this point in time, we have to get our people to the point in which they are willing to take on the responsibility they have been given. And before we can convince the average man or woman of that, we must set our own house in order. God won’t use us until that time. It is absolutely pointless in expecting our movement to conquer anything, until the people of “the movement” set their own lives straight.
Throughout the New Testament there are references to “the church in their home”. Our home should be the first place of refuge from a world of sin. Because this is true, it also happens to be the first place under attack. Our home is under threat. But the good news is that we are the ruler of our home and we control what happens in it.
Unfortunately, many people, even fellow believers,
Continued on Pg. S
The Crusader
Published by Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601
Thomas Robb - Editor Rachel Pendergraft -Asst. Editor
www.kkk.com
Watch This is the Klan Internet TV Show Each Week with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft. The FIRST and ONLY Weekly racialist News Broadcast - World Wide.
This is the Klan This is the Truth
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $20.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
You ma\ wish to consider remembering The Knights in your will or trust. You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics. You can help support this important cause after you*re gone.
Jewish Groups Rally behind Homosexual Marriage
An umbrella group of 42 Jewish organizations, temples and citizens in the Boston area are speaking out in favor of same-sex marriage.
The overwhelming vote by the Jewish Community Relations Council comes as the state's Roman Catholic bishops are stepping up the rhetoric against same-sex marriage.
The bishops announced they will mail a flier to more than one million Catholic households in Massachusetts, urging the faithful to support a Constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.
In November the Massachusetts Supreme Court of Justice ruled that preventing gay and lesbian couples from marrying violates the Massachusetts constitution.
The issue has landed back in the lap of the high court as it examines a draft bill from the state Senate legalizing civil unions but not marriage. The Senate wants to know if it would suffice for the court's November ruling.
Meanwhile, pressure from the Catholic Church and other conservative religious groups is mounting for an amendment to the state constitution barring same-sex marriages altogether.
The bishops' flier calls on Catholics to lobby lawmakers to support a proposed amendment defining marriage as a union between one man and one woman. It gives three options for how to do this: by visiting Legislators personally; by calling them on the phone; and by writing them a letter or e-mail.
The Jewish Community Relations Council represents mainly a liberal element within.the Jewish community, but has a powerful voice and represents the largest segment of the Jewish community in the state.
Its support for same-sex unions sends a strong message to the legislature.
"The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Boston urges our elected officials to enact legislation providing for same-sex marriage, in accordance with the recent ruling of the Supreme Judicial Court in the urges our elected officials to enact legislation providing for same-sex marriage, in accordance with the recent ruling of the Supreme Judicial Court in the Goodridge case," the organization said in a statement.
The Council said it also "opposes any effort to amend the state Constitution to bar same-sex couples from marrying, or to deny legal benefits to same-sex couples and their families."
Reform and Reconstructionist Judaism have supported LGBT rights for a number of years, and permits gay and lesbian rabbis and allows temples to perform blessing ceremonies for same-sex couples. Some temples even conduct weddings, although they are not recognized by the state.
Earlier the Union for Reform Judaism, the largest Jewish denomination in the country, and the Northeast region of the Central Conference of American Rabbis, the association of Reform rabbis voted unanimously to support same-sex marriage. uThis is hugely important, and it reflects the broad base of support for civil marriage within the Jewish community," said Rabbi Devon A. Lerner,
Page 2
Harold von Braunhut, Dies at 77
Harold von Braunhut, Klansman and entrepreneur died at his home in late December at age 77.
Harold von Braunhut was the owner of 195 patents and was best known as the “inventor” of Sea Monkeys. He was born in Memphis on March 31, 1926 and grew up in New York City, where he lived until the mid-1980’s when he moved to Maryland and set up a wildlife conservation area.
Many will recall his “Sea Monkeys” and X-ray Spec advertisements in comic books. In 1957 he learned that brine shrimp were a quirk of nature, surviving for years in suspended animation. In this state, they are powder like and easily packaged. In 1960, he began advertising “Instant Life”. In 1964 the animals became Sea Monkeys, because of their long tails.
.	s*lr‘mP	liave	been sold, not to mention a
Sfo C^= Md Tth swimmin9 shrimp. There are web on If, H°key fans: CBS brief|y had a sea Monkey
ffa ll wrth jffnarl110rn'n9S; 400 million of them went 'nto
space with John Glenn in 1998; and, for the lazv a new Sea Monkey video game allows a player to “virtually” care
Pictured
Far right:
Attorney
Kurt
Lyons.
Middle:
Harold
von
Braunhut
Lett:
Thomas
Robb
Braunhut
was a
Klan
member.
inventor
and
minister.
for a shrimp colony, lest the animals “virtually” die.
He lived life on the edge, racing motorcycles as the Green Hornet and managing the career of a man who dived from 40 feet into a kiddie’s pool filled with 12 inches of water. He sold invisible goldfish by guaranteeing that owners would never see them.
He will be missed by those who knew him.
-NDAY. UECfcMBKR 31. |||
THE NEW YORK TIMES
Harold von Braunhut, Seller
Of Sea Monkeys, Dies at 77
By DOVGl AS MARTIN Harold von Braunhut. who cerate hook advertisements jn -eU
num'ical maiKu®, inventions tike
Amazing Sea Monkey*, tiny shrunp itui w to life when PSpi «ted on Nov. 2S at his home in Indian Hr.ui Md Hr was 77
His wttc. Yoianda. said that he died after a taU bui that the exact cause was not known
Mr von Braunhut was i»» quirkv loirfi’.KW what Barnum was to cir-^H cuset Hts X-Ray Specs, which advertisements saul allowed wearers to ihmutt: flesh and c	irt
stilt siting alter 50 years of guffaws Hvrmit crabs as a pet? Thank Mr von Braunhut lot Ciazy Crabs
Ana yes. perhaps only tuts vet Dally snappy holder of lSS^patems could have realized that what the world needed was Amazing Hair-Raising Monsters. which allow' a child to add
to a uttl usad a«uL liou un the previously bald pate uf the monster depicted there
Bui Mr von Braunhut** piece de resistance was Sea Mcdttyij —
wlmh vamc from d»u 3 up 1dti< bot
toms. not the sea. and axe nor mon keys tint tnoe shrimp, lbs extravagant t lawns for the crustaceans -lor example, that they come back Invn tK» aMut and <Aal tlwy can bn
iramed and hypnotized — are con-'1ku| because they arc son of true (TVr shtunp du follow light.)
kflwe U shrimp have been said, oar in nwnm a Sea Monkey anhreb dcwac and a wmi watch tilled with swimming shrimp There are Web siter. tear sea monkry tans. CBS bnri-• K had a Sra Monkevs senes on Sal nrdar mornings. 400 million ot them went uno space with John Glenn m is '**i and. tor the luy. a new Sea
Mookev video game allows a player to "virtually " care tor asnrimpcoto-nv. lest the animals "virtually" die Mr von Braunhut gravitated to-«uul We s crazier ugc lacuig motorcycles as the Green Hornet and nuuiae.irK she career ot a man whnH dived trom 40 feel ouo a kiddie pool lilted with 11 inches ul water He >uM inviMitlv HMhilish by guaranteeing that o* nets would never Ihem ^
In a radically dilt Ment stdiere. Mr 1 von Braisduit's hard right-wing lw-Uefs drew notice According to a 1996 ,\nti DrlamatHHi LcySK leputi. he belonged to the Ku lUux Klan and the Aryan Nations
The Washington .-•ost in 1988 published an article on him and his aftili-
uIimei. odduis that lua ictaI.e> sill)
he was Jewish. He himself repeatedly refused lo discuss his beliefs on rare or his own rcUgKxxs background with journalists, anl in an interview cm Thursday His .vie declined la
comment on the subject".
Harold Nathan Bt aimhut was horn m Memphis on Ma~ch 3U 1926. and grew up m New York City, where he
Irvvcl until ih* mid IHO’ft. when he
mnvvd iu Maryland and set up a wildlife conservation area.
He may have (u si noticed brine shrimp being sold m a pet store as
(Kh Ittgvl iv w I’fiatti m > fttlwn man' c
bucket nib w* ban li either case, the event occurred in 1957. by which time he had changed his name He leanw-d that brtnr shrimp were a QUirk ol nature otrvtvmg tot ywm. in suspended ammaiaon In this state, they arc powderhke and easily pack-;iy*ed In 1961. be began adverusmg 'Instant Ule' in comic hooks.
In 19M the animals became Sea Monkeys. Iwrause of lheir tong tads There were hreedm,* improvements.
Harold von Braunhut in his 60s.
and an ABC News commentator sug-kmicU ui iwn I'vai the target shrimp, now guaranteed to live two years, might he called sea apes.
The Los Angeles Times reported in 2000 that two distributor* had canceled iUcm licenses tor Sea Monkeys because of discomfort about Mr vor. Braunhut*s views. The license is currently owned by Educational Insights id Rancho Dominguez Ca\if Gcurgr O. Atiaiuiau. piesidtfUl uf the Sea Monkeys division of Lduca ttonal Insights, said the earlier companies dropped the Sea Monkey license for business reasons, ant the
l»a-.i being; that Mr. «in Draunhui
was "not easy to work with *' lie said that when his company bought the licensee in 1995. Mr von Braunhut promised to stop hts public political ariivii«vk. und that he bclivNva Mr von Braunhut did so.
Mr. von Braunhut was formerly married to Charlotte Braunhut uf New York He is survived by his vrdg Yolanda StgnoraUi-von Rrauahuu son. Jonathan. a daughter. Jj te l.aMolhe. and ahrother.
What About You!
By Brandon Williams
If God does not exist Then I’ve lost nothing But if He does Then vou’ve lost everything
♦	%	o
Because I believe in God I try to be a righteous man Because I want to go to Heaven I live my life the best I can
But you don’t w ant to believe You say there is no God And that Heaven does not exist. But w hat if you’re w rong?
If I am w rong Then I haven’t lost a thing But if you are wrong Then you’ve lost everything
But you don’t want to believe me And that is totally up to you But I can afford to be w rong What about you?
The New American Civil War
By Ray B.
There is a civil war happening in America. What do I mean by a civil war? It is not between the northern and southern states, it is a civil war of legal and illegal immigration and invasion.
Historians have told us that throughout history great nations have risen and fallen. An autopsy of history would show that all great nations commit national suicide.
I believe today that America is committing Immigration suicide and we are truly in the midst of an immigration war.
Our white European Christian heritage is being invaded and replaced by a third world alien culture. The white European immigrants of years before are now at a trickle compared to the mass of Mexicans, Asians, and Africans. The Mexican illegals and other non-whites from South America pour across our border - over 2,000 a day. With all immigrants - legal and illegal totals close to 37 million annually.
This third world immigration is an attack against Americans. They keep their own culture, language and symbols. Of course conservatives will say this is the reason they are against immigration because of the immigrants inability or even lack of desire to fit into white Western culture. However, while they shouldn’t be here in the first place, if they are here, it’s much better for them to stay as separate as possible. The more they try to fit in the more the chance for intermarriage. The non-white immigrants understand it’s about race and not the actual culture. They have a saying, “For La Razo Todo, Fuera De La Razo Nada (Everything for the race. Everything outside the race, nothing)
Who is fighting against White Christian Americans in this war? It’s the organized minority-voting block of Negroes, Mexicans, Jews and Orientals, fighting against us until the white majority becomes a minority.
These immigrants get support from the Leftist Liberals, Jews, apathetic whites, and politicians both liberal and conservative who have become greedy looking for the minority vote.
In 1972 there were 72 immigration lawyers and today there are over 8,000 making sure illegal aliens have every means possible to stop deportation. And the whole time they are here they get health care, free schooling, public services, and numerous other benefits.
I call it the New Civil War because many of our own white population are allowing this invasion to become a reality in mass numbers. I also believe God has chosen many of us today to be apostles in this fight against the great non-white invasion. With The Knights Party leading the way we White Christians will become one with God and educate other Americans in this non-white invasion and civil war.
News
Fireman Put in Coma over “Straight” Bashing
Anti-gay epithets were at the center of a firestorm that erupted in a Staten Island Fire House on New Year s Eve. Fire fighter Robert Walsh, 40, was left in critical condition after sustaining multiple facial fractures and being left on the floor of the firehouse for 30 minutes before being taken to the hospital. Michael Silvestri beat Walsh in the face with a metal chair on New Year’s Eve after he allegedly called Walsh a “faggot” Capt. Terrence Sweeney sat in the Fire House recreation room during the attack “as if nothing was happening,” reports Data Lounge. When Walsh was finally taken to the hospital, Sweeney told doctors Walsh had fallen down a flight of stairs. Sweeney also ordered firefighters to clean up evidence of Walsh’s skin and blood. Mayor Bloomberg’s office has taken over the investigation. Six men involved — a captain, three lieutenants and two firefighters — have been reassigned to desk jobs as the investigation mounts. Commentators on the show “Gay USA” laughed about the incident and said that showing a lack of respect to the Gay community may soon become “dangerous to one’s health"
America’s Largest Women’s group Pleased with Pickering Appointment
America’s largest women’s organization is elated over the appointment of Charles Pickering to the federal bench. Concerned Women for America, which is the largest women’s advocacy group in America reports they are pleased that the democrat imposed filibuster that would not give congressman a chance to vote, was finally bypassed. Concerned Women for America points out that Pickering is a champion for women and stands up for their right to enjoy the privileges that Christianity has bestowed upon women. Pickering opposed the Equal Rights Amendment, a radical proposed constitutional amendment that would have forced military draft on women, He stands against the exploitation of women by opposing the UN’s
I *	Continued	on	Pg.	5
Continued from Pg. 4
proposed treaty on women which would force millions of young girls into prostitution, fights for women yet unborn, and supports the traditional family, which statistics prove is the safest environment for girls and women.
Gay groups launch pro-marriage ads Aimed at Conservatives
Intrigued by divisions within conservative ranks, gay-rights strategists are trying to portray a proposed constitutional ban on same-sex marriage as a radical step that true conservatives should oppose. The Human Rights Campaign is targeting conservatives with a radio and print ad campaign in 10 areas, including Omaha, Nebraska; Indianapolis; Tampa, Fla.; Milwaukee; Las Vegas; and Philadelphia. “Be conservative with the Constitution,” the ads say. “Don’t amend it.” Disagreements among conservatives have emerged in recent months over the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment, which would stipulate that marriage is only between a man and woman. Some want the measure toughened so it would bar same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships as well as gay marriages. Other conservatives, including several prominent columnists and politicians, say the Constitution is the wrong place to address contentious social issues.
Atlanta panel rules that country club discriminates
Atlanta businesses that provide health insurance and other benefits to employees’ spouses could have to extend the same benefits to gay domestic partners, after a city panel ruled that a prestigious golf club couldn’t treat the two groups differently. Conducting the first hearing since its inception, the city’s Human Relations Commission ruled unanimously that the Druid Hills Golf Club discriminated against two gay members, Lee Kyser and Randy New, by not granting their domestic partners the same privileges enjoyed by members’ spouses. According to the commission, the club’s policy violates Atlanta’s nondiscrimination ordinance, which prohibits discrimination — including the denial of benefits — based on a person’s sexual orientation, gender identity, domestic relationship status and 10 other categories. ult felt really good," said Kyser, a physician. “/ feel so thankful to be a citizen of Atlanta with the protection of that ordinance"
San Diego settles lawsuit over Scouts’ lease at public parks
The city agreed to pay nearly $1 million to settle a lawsuit with the American Civil Liberties Union over land in two public parks the city leases to the Boy Scouts for free or a
nominal charge. San Diego will pay the group $950,000 in court costs and attorney’s fees and will ask a federal judge to void the lease the Scouts have held in Balboa Park for nearly a half-century. City officials said they were cutting their losses with the settlement, which leaves the Boy Scouts on their own in the lawsuit. The ACLU contends the Scouts should be evicted from the parks because the organization discriminates on the grounds of sexual orientation and religion. The Boy Scouts said they plan to continue to fight. The ACLU sued the city and the Boy Scouts local council in 2000 on behalf of two boys, one raised by a lesbian couple and the other by an agnostic pair.
Attorney defends Indiana’s ban on same-sex marriages
Attorney Thomas Fisher says the law was intended to protect children and represented the will of the public. The court heard arguments in a lawsuit filed by three same-sex couples that want the same legal protections in Indiana offered to married people. Thomas M. Fisher, a deputy state attorney general, said that marriage was intended historically to encourage men and women with children to stay together. “The idea is to encourage both parents to be present to raise the child,” Fisher said. Because same-sex couples have to plan to have children — by adoption or by medical procedures such as artificial insemination — they do not need such encouragement, he said. Marion Superior Court Judge S.K. Reid ruled in May that the Indiana law “promotes the state’s interest in encouraging procreation to occur in a context where both biological parents are present to raise the child.”
(Continued from page 1)
don’t take their authority in the home seriously. They don’t view the home as a sanctuary within a world of evil. Home just becomes a bunkhouse and a feeding station for strangers who are related.
Do you really know what happens in your home? Do you really know those who live in your home? One 10-year-old daughter of members of The Knights, people I really like, wants to be a witch. She knows the latest spells and incantations and says many of her friends are Wiccans. In case you don’t know, the Wiccan religion is being pushed upon young girls and spell books are sold in all the book stores (little towns too) and can be checked out in any school library. Barbie even has a “good witch” doll out on the market (NOTE: The Wiccan religion relies heavily on false history of the Celtic people, portraying the Druids and the ancient Scotts and Irish as being nature worshippers practicing human sacrifice. The fact is that the Druidic priesthood was of the same line as the Levitical priesthood and the people of the British Isles governed themselves under the Laws of God given to Moses. Christianity was established in Britain long before Rome and the
Continued on Pg. 6
Page 5
(Continued from Pg. 5)
Druids and people of the Isles who believed in the future coming of “Ysu” rejoiced at the coming of Jesus - this however, is not what young girts learn. Instead they are told that Christianity is hateful to women (it is not) and by practicing the arts of the Wiccan they can tune into their ancient Celtic ancestors. Its almost as if Satan has taken young girls’ desire to know more about their heritage and used it to turn them against Christianity. For More info on this subject check out “An Amazing Connection" on the Women's Page at www.kkk.com)
Another young boy of 12, I have learned, thinks the Klan and his parents are stupid and thinks blacks are “coof. And do I dare mention some children of “Klan families” who enjoy gangsta rap more than any other kind of music One such young person actually had the gall to make a Y ear comment to my two young daughters, I was within nearing distance, about the Christian music they had just sung at a meeting, “That music sucked! Why don’t you sing something cool?”
No, I’m not saying these young people mentioned are representative of all children of Klan members and even the few mentioned aren't bad kids, but their parents are not giving them guidance. I know that there are also respectful, Christ oriented kids out there. I have met many. But will it last?
You may have heard before that you can look at the children to see if the parents were good parents or not. That is not true. You can tell if parents did their job by looking at the grand kids. If your children (and you may not be of the age yet where this applies) are raising bratty children who have no reverence for God, parents, or authority, it’s your fault. You are supposed to teach your children how to be good parents. That is the way it works. Your failure is seen in the grand children.
If you have already said good-bye to your children and they are adults on their own. Hopefully you sent them into the world with the necessary mental tools to train up the next generation. If not, there is not much you personally can do about it anymore, but try to be a good example and do a lot of praying.
If your children are in their teens. You have already set the standard. They are most likely set in their ways. (Yes, it happens at a very young age - Isn’t that why they start the race mixing/homosexual agenda in pre-school and kindergarten - get em’ while they’re young) The time to start is with yourself before they’re even born. Especially, get into action when they’re little. Definitely start leading a good example when they’re teens.
Single? Do you think there is no one out there for you? It isn’t true. But just as God loves you, he loves the other person too, and he’s not about to put someone into your life until he knows that you are ready for the responsibility.
You control your life. God may direct circumstances, but he expects us to do our part. When you walk through your living room door. (If you are a young person living with unbelieving parents - you still have power over your thoughts and actions - the same applies to a woman
married to an unbelieving husband. You should still take great care in teaching your children what is right - You are in authority over your thoughts and godly or ungodly actions.)
In your home there are no “thought” police telling you or your family what to think. No one is holding the remote control and forcing you to watch a particular program. No one is telling your child that he has to listen to a particular CD or a certain video game. No one marches into your house and says that you absolutely have to read this or that magazine or that your children have to read the article about “hateful racists who can’t see the joy of interracial dating”. No one has you hooked up to an electrical current that zapps you when you talk about things of a Christian and racial nature. No one is stopping you from raising a race conscious, respectful, Christ loving, courageous, son or daughter. Don’t get me wrong. There are lots of obstacles being thrown in your way when they leave your home. Your children are definitely being targeted (and if you’re single you should be planning your parenting strategy now - read the Bible for the how-to’s), but you control what happens inside the four walls of your home.
Think of the possibilities. Think of what could happen if all the parents who believed would put in the time and effort and make it their mission to have their home become a kingdom where the Lord and His teachings reigned supreme. And by example of a happy well-ordered Kingdom, another family took responsibility for their Kingdom. And 20 years or so from birth (which isn’t really that long) all of your children began establishing their own Kingdoms. Maybe the world would be a den of evil, but in your Kingdom racial integrity, love, generosity, pure thoughts, bold Christianity, ect. would be the norm. Imagine what God would do with so many Kingdoms. He won’t set up His Kingdom on Earth until many well ordered Kingdoms of believers and obedient followers have been established.
It is wrong to always be thinking about what someone else should do, or when Christ will solve the problems. We may find ourselves wandering in the wilderness until we as a people begin setting up our own promised land in our own homes, a place of refuge and instruction for our children. The battle is being fought now. Lets take back our homes as God commands, and then we can be in a position to take back our nation!
Bible Verses to Remember:
“A child left to itself, disgraces his mother “ Prov. 29:15
“He who spares the rod hates his son” Prov. 29:15
“Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God, the Lord is one. Love the Lord our God with all you heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. These commandments that I give you today are to be upon your hearts. Impress them on your children. Talk about them when you sit at home and when you walk along the road, when you lie down and when you get up.” Deut. 6:4-7
Page 6
Why Can’t I
By Brandon Williams
You speak of unity You preach Black Pride I say the same things And that’s not right?
Why Can’t I be proud? Because I’m White If it’s OK for you Then why can’t I?
If you want equality to be treated the same Then get the chip off your shoulder
And stop playing these games
I have the right to be proud Just the same as you If that makes me prejudice Then what does it make you?
Come One Come All!
Patriot’s Day Picnic
May 28, 29, 30 Harrison, Arkansas
Soldiers of the Cross Bible Camp
Speeches, Music, Food, Entertainment, Fellowship Great Family Atmosphere!
White Christian Revival Center
Pictured left: volunteers work on cutting sheet rock for the kitchen in the Revival Center. The kitchen and showers are among the last projects to complete for the center. While the kitchen has been in use. we are hoping to finish it up with permanent counters and cabinets as soon as possible. If you would like to help tow ard this effort, contact us. 870-427-3414
U.S. Appeals Court Upholds Ban on Adoption by Homosexuals
Florida Governor Jeb Bush is praising a federal appeals court decision upholding a state law that bars homosexuals from adopting children. The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against four homosexual men who
have been foster parents but wanted to formally adopt their children.
The homosexual adoption ban in Florida, the only one of its type in the country, was brought back in 1977 as a result of a campaign by pro-family activist Anita Bryant.
Governor Bush says the ruling validates Florida's contention that "it is in the best interest of adoptive children, many of whom come from troubled and unstable backgrounds, to be placed in a home anchored both by a father and	a
mother."
In the 11th Circuit's ruling, Judge Stanley Birch said the State of Florida determined that "it is not in the best interests of its
"What these people really want, hidden behind obscure legal phrases, is the legal right to propose to our children that there is an acceptable alternate way of life," she said. "I will lead such a crusade to stop it as this country has not seen before." She did. It was called "Save Our Children," the start of an organized opposition to gay rights that spread across the nation, and the beginning of what came to be known as the religious right. The Rev. Jerry Falwell came to Miami to help her, but it was Anita Bryant who first led fundamentalist Christians into politics under the banner of a domestic social issue. She persuaded the voters in Dade County to overturn the ordinance that June, but her personal attack on homosexuals drew tens of thousands of new recruits into the movement and made her the object of acrimony and scorn. Excerpt from St. Petersburg Times
Page 8
displaced children to be adopted by individuals who ’engage in current, voluntary homosexual activity' -- and we have found nothing in the Constitution that forbids this policy judgment."
The court's opinion also made a strong statement against judicial activism. "The legislature is the proper forum for this debate," it said, "and we do not sit as a super legislature to award by judicial decree what was not achievable by political consensus."
Matt Coles, director of the ACLU’s Lesbian and Gay Rights Project, says there can be no justification for the state's ban on homosexual adoptions "other than impermissible prejudice and hostility toward gay people "
But Mat Staver of the Florida-based legal group Liberty Counsel praised Thursday's decision. "In this age of judicial activism, it is refreshing to see a court assume its proper role and allow the people to set family policy" the attorney says in a press release, adding that common sense and human history both emphasize that children need a mother and a father.
In its opinion, the court also noted that even though some have argued that alternative child-rearing arrangements are satisfactory, no alternative arrangement "has proven as enduring as the marital family structure, nor has the accumulated wisdom of several millennia of human experience discovered a superior model."
Anita Bryant - She Led the Fight to Save the Children of America!
....But Sadly, her predictions have come true
I The battle of parents to protect their children from homosexuality has just begun, for at this moment in the Congress of the United States, 25 misguided congressmen are pushing a bill which would impose on the entire nation the same dangers found in metro Miami’s law.” Anita Bryant, regarding the move by Miami in 1977 to allow homosexuals to adopt children.
Anita Bryant, a strict Baptist, said a national campaign must be launched “or people across the country will soon have the same problems in their backyards as Miami has now.”
"The gay adoption ban is her handiwork," said Eric Ferrero, a spokesman for the ACLU’s Lesbian and Gay Rights Project. "Most people still regard her work as really some of the worst homophobia the country has ever seen, and that endures"
Born in Oklahoma some 37 years ago, Bryant calls herself “a deeply religious person whose life revolves around her family and faith in the Lord.” She is the mother
Continued on Pg. 9
Anita Bryant pictured above with two of her children
(Continued from Pg. 8)
of four children. “Homosexuality is immoral and against God's wishes,” she says. “Miami’s law infringed upon my rights or rather discriminates against me as a citizen and
a mother to teach my children and set examples of God’s moral code as stated in the Holy Scriptures.'’'’
Religion had long been a part of Bryant’s life even before she began her	campaign.
“Ever since I first sang in the choir at my grandparents ’ church	in
Tishomingo, Okla.,	I	have wanted to sing and record
sacred music f	she once	said.
Bryant began her career on a talent show at the age of 8 and slowly worked her way into a recording career through her association with the Youth for Christ movement and singing appearances with evangelist Billy Graham. On the way she was crowned Miss Oklahoma and named a runner-up in the Miss America Pageant.
During the height of her career in the 1960s, Bryant
became a pop recording star and had three million-sellers— “Paper Roses,” “ ‘Til There Was You,” and “My Little Comer of the World.”	Two
religious albums were also bestsellers.
By that time Bryant’s image was established. She was the all-American girl. She stood for motherhood, liked apple pie, taught Sunday school, claimed hamburgers and soft drinks were her favorite foods, “proud to be an was freedom and
It may be difficult to make out the picture, but it happened in Des Moines, Iowa. A gay activist posing as a reporter hit Bryant in the face with a banana	cream	pie.
didn’t smoke or drink, and was American—a country where there peoples ’ rights were respected’ ”
Soon she owned a religious recording and publishing company. She went on tour seven times with Bob Hope’s Christmas Show. She sang the national anthem at political conventions, held religious concerts, and sang at charch conventions and rallies. There were also guest appearances on television shows. In time Bryant was bringing fame to her adopted state of Florida and city of Miami Beach. To show their love and appreciation, along came a $100,000-a-year contract as the spokeswoman for the orange-juice industry. She was voted “Most Admired Woman in America" by Good
Housekeeping magazine three years running. She also appeared in ads for Coca-Cola,
Kraft Foods,
Holiday Inn and
Tupperware.
She was signed to cohost the Florida Orange Bowl
Parade, a major bank hired her to star in its commercials, and other lucrative jobs and appearances followed.
A 1970 survey found that 75 percent of U.S. television viewers knew who she was and what she sold. Struck by her success, then-Gov. Reubin Askew remarked: "People connect orange juice, Florida and Anita Bryant so much that it becomes difficult to decide which to visit, which to listen to and which to squeeze."
Asked once if she considered herself a success, Bryant replied, “I’m still working at it, but I think an abiding love of God has gotten me this far.”
“Afy lifetime dream has been to have my own television series to entertain and present wholesome subjects to my fellow Americans,” Bryant told reporters after learning that a proposed show starring her had been canceled because of the controversial nature of her involvement against gay rights.
“/ am willing to sacrifice my career and do whatever is necessary to save our children from homosexuality, the recruitment of our children is absolutely necessary for the
Anita Bryant, pictured above in 1977 in front of a “Save our Children” campaign sign as she prays for God to give strength to the parents of America to protect the children and future generations.
Page 9
Continued on Pg. 10
(Continued from Pg. 9)
survival and growth of homosexuality. Since homosexuals cannot reproduce, they must recruit and freshen their ranks. Homosexual acts are not only illegal, they are immoral. Through the power of the ballot box, I believe the parents and the straight-thinking normal majority will soundly reject the attempt to legitimize homosexuals and their recruitment plans for our children. Miami's blundering ‘gay ’ ordinance is no more a civil rights issue than is the arrest of a drunk for disturbing the peace.”
In fact this woman did sacrifice everything to protect America’s children. She received death threats, but wouldn’t back down. She was told to stop speaking out against “gay rights” or else her million dollar spokeswoman contracts for several companies would be cancelled. She didn’t stop speaking out and her contracts were cancelled. Today, she is a grandmother who lives a quiet life. She is still vilified in the press and homosexual groups and their magazines and websites continually make fun of her. Even church groups and organizations around the country turned their back to her when the heat got too hot. However, she has had the Lord to rely on and he has seen her through. And when she meets her maker he will say, “Well done my child”.
Cleaning Up your Room
By John Kundrot
Where do I begin? I can remember as a child saying that to myself after I was told by my Mother one Saturday morning to "clean up" my bedroom. It was a warm sunny day and I wanted to go out and play with my friends, but that was not to be the case this day. This particular Saturday it would seem that I had my work cut out for me. As I looked around my room at the mess that was made of it, I thought to myself "how on earth did I ever let it get this bad"! Where do I begin? What am I gonna do with all this stuff? And so began the ever so disappointing, long and tough task of cleaning up the mess that was made.
As I sat there I have to admit that I was not overly enthusiastic about the monumental task ahead of me. When you’re 11 years old you would be surprised at all the great ideas you can come up with to speed things along! "If I could only get this done quickly, / could get out of here!" Funny how the brain works harder than the hands. Then the answer comes, if I just put this stuff where it can't be seen, that's the answer! So in the closet, and under the bed...!
And what do you know, finished! All in about 20 minutes. As I hurried down the stairs, I yelled out to my Mother that I was done and that I would be outside in the yard, I don't think I have to tell you that my stay outside only lasted about 5 minutes. That's right. Mom went up and inspected my work and my "bright idea" of hiding the mess instead of cleaning it up had been discovered. My Mother quickly put me back to work, and I
dared not try to take any chances with any more of my "bright ideas"!
I mention this childhood story because I think most of us can relate to it, and even though we are older now, we now find ourselves sitting in our homes looking at the mess that our nation is in - a mess created by our elected officials and national leaders because our people kept sweeping little bits and pieces under the bed and taking the easy way out all the while expecting our problems to be fixed by someone else. Now the problems piled high like a mountain of garbage. Secretly, we hope our mother or someone else will clean up the mess.
It's not a "mess" of toy 3 cluttering the floor, it's a mess of "illegal immigration." Its not unfolded clothes, it's "pornography". Instead of dirty laundry or dishes, it's a high divorce rate, corporate greed, abortion, financial exploitation, and eradication of Christian ideals, growing homosexuality, and racial genocide.
Who is going to clean up the mess our nation faces, our elected officials? Doubtful, they are masters at "hiding things in "the closet" or "under the bed." I'm afraid that task has been left up to you and I. So, Where do we begin? Well, there are some things that we can do.
(1)
A good place to start is prayer! We live in a nation that has seemingly turned it's back on God and his holy word. These "modern" day churches seem to only be preaching a message that will "tickle the ears" of their congregations and fill their collection baskets! So we must pray for our nation. Prayer should be first and foremost!
(2nd)
Our people are suffering from a feeling of hopelessness, so if we haven't already, we need to become as active as possible in reaching out to our people, and the best way to do that is through our Knights literature. There are many different fliers available at the National office with a good Christian message that our people need to hear. So if you haven't as of yet, contact the National office and order some or download some off the members’ page or the main site and make copies yourself.
(3rd)
As my mother held me accountable for the mess I had made of my room, we also need to hold accountable those elected officials who have allowed our nation to fall into the mess it's now in. We as citizens cannot, nor should we be expected to be satisfied with the "hide the mess under the bed" plan. If my mother had not held me accountable for the mess I had made, then ultimately the messy condition of the room becomes her fault, because she did not speak up or attempt to remedy the situation.
We need to tell our representatives to clean it up! Write letters to your local, state, and federal representatives and let your voice be heard, let them know that they will be held accountable for the mess that they have allowed this nation of ours to become, not by our strength, but by the strength of God who raises and tears down leaders at His will.
Yes, we do face the monumental task of cleaning up our nation and reaching our people. We must take the
Continued on Pg. 11
Page 10
(Continued from Pg. 10)
responsibility upon ourselves. Nobody is going to do it for us. It's not an easy task and will not be achieved overnight, but if we all work together with guidance of The Almighty, the job of cleaning up our nation can and will be done.
10,000 Citizens in Massachusetts Petition for Defiance of Court Ruling
A new revolution of sorts is gaining momentum in Massachusetts over the battle to allow "same sex" marriage. On Friday January 9th, a statewide organization representing 10,000 citizens of the Commonwealth, hand delivered a "citizen proclamation" to Massachusetts’s legislators demanding that they defy the recent ruling by the Massachusetts State Supreme Court that was in favor of "Gay marriage." They will also be requesting that the lawmakers begin proceedings for the removal of the four justices that voted in favor of the measure.
According to Brian Carmenker, president of Parents’ Rights Coalition, The decision of the court sent a poor message. "This was an illegitimate act by the court that threatens our very democracy, and must be treated as such by other branches of government A recent poll of Massachusetts voters found that 69% of them would vote for a Constitutional amendment to keep Massachusetts a traditional marriage State. We can only hope that Massachusetts lawmakers are men and women of Christian character and do the right thing by defying this illegitimate order.
Pastor Robb in New York
In late January Pastor Robb and Mrs Pendergraft traveled to New York to meet with with photographer Andre Serranos Serranos is a controversial photographer, but we felt that The Knights inclusion in his new exhibit and book would be beneficial to the organization The exhibit titled "America'’ is currently being shown in New York and will be shown in major U S cities and then Europe The Exhibit is of 100 notable Americans Others in the exhibit include rapper Snoop Dog, Yoko Ono, and film director Martin Scorcesea Pastor Rol never allowed photos of himse traditional robe, but did make an ex* tasteftil seated portrait
Below Far Left. Mis. Pendergraft in front of Frances Tavern. Francis Tavern was the first capitol building of the U.S.. was the site of meetings of the Committees of Correspondence, and location for George Washington's farewell address when leaving office Below Right: Pastor Robb in his ceremonial robe at the studio of Andres Serrenson in mid Manhattan.
iiiAI l.ttl ||N
Page 11
peOTp)
This is the Klan Internet" Video Broadcast Begins
The Knights has begun its 3rd season of the popular This is the Klan news program. The first program for the season was filmed on January 19lh. The 30-minute program with hosts Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergrafit is viewed worldwide via streaming Internet programming. Pastor Robb and Mrs. Pendergrafit report news stories that are not discussed by the major networks. Between seasons, The Knights updated the news set which is now located in the White Christian Revival Center. The set includes a professional backdrop of the U.S. capitol, new stage lighting, and sound equipment. It is important to always maintain a progressive and professional appearance. The Knights white Christian racialist movement. Slowly

"
i


Above: Pastor Robb and Rachel Pendergraft discuss the disciplinary action taken against four high school students for nominating a white student in Nebraska who is from South Africa for an African American Scholarship
is intent on portraying an accurate image of the the negative image the media has worked so hard
to send the American people is changing. While we can’t expect results overnight, it is vital that we continue to represent our people and our cause in the best possible light. The program is even a favorite topic of foreign news agencies. We appreciate the financial support of everyone who got behind this project.
Left: Bobby, on staff at HQ, helps work on the new news set.
Page 12