

he
Political Voice

Am
of
n
The Knights / P.O. Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601 / Thomas Robb, Nat’l Dir. / 870-427-3414 / www.kukluxklan.org / Issue # 133
Daughters of Confederacy Under Attack
Black legislators in Virginia are refusing to salute the state flag with the rest of their colleagues in the House of Delegates because the salute itself was written in the 1950’s by a member of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, reports The Virginia-Pilot.
The words themselves have no racial overtones, but the possible histoiy of the 30-word pledge has given some legislators pause. The state's black caucus decided as a group not to recite the pledge and have asked that it be retired "I'm not going to say something that offends someone," said Republican Winsome Sears of Norfolk. '7 am my brother's keeper. My first duty is to not do things that are offensive to others”
Straight, and Proud of It
A federal judge in Minnesota ruled that a high school student has a constitutional right to wear a sweatshirt with the words "Straight Pride" on it.
Woodbury High School officials violated that right last year when they ordered Elliott Chambers, currently a junior, not to wear the sweat shirt because it might make gay students at the school feel uncomfortable.
U.S. District Judge Donovan Frank ruled that the dress code was unconstitutional when applied to Chambers. He said there are circumstances when a school can prohibit student expression ordinarily protected by the U.S. Constitution, but this was not one of them.
Those Terrible Old Pasty Faced White Men
The new president of the New York City borough of Brooklyn says he is taking down a portrait of "old white man”
George Washington that's hung in the office for years so the walls will be more reflective of the city's diversity.
Marty Markowitz said he will probably hang a portrait of a black person in his office in place of the country's first president, moving the"Father of Our Country" elsewhere in Borough Hall. "7 respect history ... but there has to be a recognition that this is 2002” Markowitz said. "There's not one picture of a person of color, not one kid, not one Latin. Borough Hall should reflect the richness of our diversity”
**Destroy their heroes, vilify them, make them appear shameful and disgraced, and you will remove their heart andsouL A people without heroes is easily conquerable ** From a speech before the Communist Party USA 1999
Another New York City borough president, Helen Marshall of Queens, is yanking down yet another portrait, this one of British Queen Catherine of Braganza — the borough's namesake — because she profited from slavery in the 17th century.
"Helen is looking to replace what's in our hallways now with a new art exhibit that will really reflect the diversity of the population here” Marshall spokesman Dan Andrews said.
Angry Queens residents scuttled plans to erect a giant statue of the Portuguese-born monarch in 1998 after complaining that the borough would be hailing someone who supported the African slave trade.
Liberals to Compare Religious Right to Taliban
SUMMARY: The American "religious right" is no different than the Taliban. That outrageous assertion has already been written, and may well be made time and again in the coming election season. Judeo-Christians are going to find themselves on the same end of the stick as Biblical Christian racialists.
Reporter Howard Fineman recently wrote in Newsweek that Democrats plan to paint the religious right as the "American Taliban."
" The GOP is out of the mainstream, some Democrats will argue next year, because it's too dependent upon an intolerant
Continued on PAGE 2
The Crusader Published by Patriotic Suppliers P.O. Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601
Editor: Pastor Thomas Robb/National Director
Asst. Editor: Rachel Pendergraft Former Editors:
David Duke - Louisiana Don Black - Alabama
Copyright 2002
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use. Subscription info:
12 issues $15.00 Donation - U S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00 National Office: 870-427-3414 The Knights’ -First Racialist Site on the Web - Jan. 1995 The First and ONLY Racialist Internet TV
Web site www.kkk.com Issue #133
i	I °	wit- The ’Reili	LY
		f FACTOR |	1
reported b\ I ineman actuallv carried calling the idea ludicrous.
However, savs Pastor Robb with I h don 7 realize lhai taking any ty pe oj B The GOP is going to moan and groan about the comparison, but in the end they w necessary move to win voters to their party. We see it happen all the time M hot it mi g
Even the Conservative Talk Show Host Compared Fundamental Christians to Osama Bin Laden. While interviewing Jerry Fallwell. he said that born-again Christians who believed the only way to Heaven was through Jesus Christ were exclusionary and led toward intolerance, violence, and terrorism. Bill who claims to be Catholic, said that his faith taught that anyone could go, Buddhist Hindu, Jewish, etc. as long as they did good deeds. However, this is NOT a teaching of the Catholic Church. They likew ise teach that Jesus is the way.
from PACE I	----- ------------------------------------
'religious right.' " Fineman wrote in the Jan. 7 edition of Newsweek.
The strategy would suggest Christian morality is similar in extremism and intolerance to that of the group behind the Sept 11 terrorist attacks. Democrats reportedly would use the intolerance of the laliban to promote tolerance of liberal ideals concerning religion, sexual orientation and abortion.
Democratic Party Press Secretary Jennifer Palmieri expressed surprise at the report. Ken Connor, president of the W ashington. D C -based Family Research Council, is not so surprised " If hat this reflects is desperation on the part of the left, who fears that this president nni\ actually seek to advance the conservative agenda he championed during his campaignConnor said He recalled the rhetoric during the hearings for conservative Christian John Ashcroft when he was nominated for attorney general. "Many of the critics said the president hod reached down into the Taliban wing' of the party\n Connor said.
Paul Wes rich, with the conservative free Congress Foundation, hopes the plan
ut "It'll blow up in their faces,” said Weyrich,
knights, 'The conservatives in this nation just tance is going to get them in hot water. ■ nge their stance in what they view as a nough. is get ordinary citizens thinking.”
Dear Pastor Robb and The Knights'
My name is_________and I am a high school senior in Phoenix, Arizona. I have a distinguished academic history and over 1700
hours of recorded service to my community. I am a member of six school interscholastK organizations and hold leadership positions in three. I am a candidate for unconditional admission to the University of Arizona where I plan to obtain an undergraduate degree in Social Sciences and then attend Harvard Law School for a law degree. My family is hardworking and the financial burdens of college will be too much to assume without scholarships.
I began looking for scholarships in Kaplan's College Scholarship Book 3 months ago. As I read descriptions of college scholarships and the criteria for selection, I became infuriated. There was a definitive pattern that was consistently evident to me throughout my search. As a White student, I did not meet the criteria for many of the scholarships. There were many scholarships for Mexican women and slews of scholarship opportunities for blacks, but there was not a single scholarship for whites. As a white Christian in a country that was founded for Christian whites, being white counted against me. The fact is that being white in today’s society IS a strike against you.
I have never considered myself a racist, but I do have pride in my race and I find today’s racial reverse discrimination against whites reprehensible. If I was a black, a Jew, a Mexican, or any other “minoirty”, I would have one foot in the door for a scholarship. I think that white Americans should stand up and take pride in their race and demand an end to this catering to uminorites”. It would be logical that if there were 300 scholarships available to blacks, there should be equal scholarships for whites: but that could never happen. Why? Because minorities would cry 1foul’ and claim discrimination. This makes my blood boil and should outrage all white Americans of good conscience.
I have a dream that one day my white child will be able to attend college and not feel ashamed of his race and be judged not b> the color of his or her skin, but by the accomplishments that they have made. Maybe instead of concerning ourselves will’ increasing the protection of minorities, we should focus on making the playing fields equal. Thank you for your consideration with
this matter.	The	Crusader	/	Page 2
N.J. Students Test Scores Show 'Staggering' Gaps Between Races
For the first time, New Jersey has released school test results by race and the differences were staggering.
A huge racial gap in success rates exists for public school fourth-grade students in science, math and language arts. Similar disparities were found among eighth and 11th graders.
Math scores showed the greatest differences, in both urban and suburban districts.
Statewide, 78 percent of all white students were proficient or higher. The same category for blacks was 35 percent, 85 percent for Asians, and 48 percent for Hispanics.
Students not scoring at least proficient I in this case, 65 percent of black fourth graders in the state - fall below the state minimum and may be most in need of instructional support, according to the state. Pennsylvania released data last year that found similar gaps.
In Burlington County, 53 percent of black students were at least proficient in math, compared with 62 percent for Hispanics, 81 percent for whites, and 82 percent for Asians.
In Camden County, 44 percent of black students were at least proficient in math, 46 percent of Hispanics, 82 percent of whites, and 86 percent of Asians. In Gloucester County, 35 percent of blacks were at least proficient in math, 44 percent of Hispanics, 79 percent of whites, and 87 percent of Asians. The county scores exclude special education and limited English-speaking students. Statewide percentages include all students.
" Those test scores mean the system and the community have failed those kids," said Gloucester County NAACP Chairman Milton Hinton, who worked last year to bring more minority teachers to the county, (ed. Oh, that really helped)
The disparity in test scores between white and minority students reflects a national trend, but state education officials said the results raise concerns.
"It should not matter where a child goes to school," state Department of Education Commissioner Vito A. Gagliardi Sr. said in a statement. "He or she should have an equal opportunity to succeed." (ed. Of course, it must be said that there is equal opportunity, but that doesn’t guarantee equal outcome.”
Harvard University Professor Gary Olfield, an expert in education and social policy, attributes much of the racial gap to differences in parent education, income, and segregated schools.
"The basic problems aren't a big mystery," Olfield said. "It would just take a lot of money (Their answer to everything -more money) and a lot of courage to fix them. New Jersey has made some success in a generation's worth of court rulings, but there's a lot further to go" (ed. Dumbing down education)
The scores suggest that districts across the board are doing a poor job educating economically disadvantaged students. For example, only 40 percent of those students were proficient or advanced proficient in math, compared with 77 percent for non-economically disadvantaged students, (poor rural white areas still score in the nation’s top percentage)
Even when controlling for income levels, the gap still exists, the results found. In the state's more affluent suburban districts.
for example, 55 percent of black students were proficient in math, 70 percent of Hispanics, 87 percent of whites, and 91 percent of Asians.
The gap widened among eighth and 11th graders in the three subjects when compared with the difference among fourth graders. State officials say younger students benefited from the state's whole school reform and curriculum changes implemented when they entered school, (ed. Negroes simply have a shorter range of brain development and it begins slowing much sooner than white children)
For example, while the white-to-black comparison for math was 78 percent to 35 percent among fourth graders, it was wider at 74 percent against 29 percent in the eighth grade.
Educators from around the region reacted warily yesterday to the state's decision to release the scores according to race.
”/ applaud what the state is trying in making us more aware that we have a very diverse community," said Edgewater Park School Superintendent Scott Streckenbein. "But there are so many factors that contribute to children's abilities. The standardized test is the capture of a kid’s knowledge on a given day at a given time." (ed. Apparently Negroes across the entire land are having a bad day on test days)
Marilyn Allen, principal at Camden's Whittier School, said tests are not a true reflection of how well minorities perform academically. "Do they tell the truth as to what the children actually know? I don't think it does,” she said.
Said Willingboro superintendent Alonzo Kittrels: "I'm not going to accept that race is a contributing factor” Kittrels said "a child's environment has a lot to do with what's happening."
Hinton, of the NAACP, said he feared a backlash from the scores. People may conclude that ”African Americans are not serious about education, and won't focus on the reason this is happening," he said.
Carmen Mitcho, principal of the Thomas E. Bowe Elementary School in Glassboro, disagreed. He said most educators realize that analyzing test scores along racial lines gives them an opportunity to address what is really an economic problem.
"You find a wealthy kid, and that's a kid who's likely to do better on test scores,” Mitcho said. "How would I improve the schools in Glassboro? I'd give every parent a better job, and just watch the improvement in the school system."
EISENBERG ELECTION A SLAP IN THE FACE OF PRO-LIFE VOTERS
The growing division in the Republican Party between GOP blue bloods and the blue collar grassroots is highlighted by election of Lewis Eisenberg as the party's finance chairman, Family Research Council President Ken Connor said in a statement released today.
"Lew Eisenberg has made it his life's work to defeat pro-life candidates and drive the pro-life movement out of the Republican Party,” Connor said. "It is simply mind-boggling that GOP leaders would consider for the powerful position of
Continued on PAGE 5
The Crusader / Page 3
Patriotic Principal Not Afraid to Take a Stand
One principal at a northeast Mississippi elementary school has given even child in her school a button displaying the national motto "In God We Trust." For several months, the American Family Association has been involved in a nationwide campaign to get America’s national motto "In God We Trust" into every public school classroom in the country. Toward that end, the Tupelo, Mississippi-based group has distributed almost a quarter-million posters displaying the motto to schools, churches, and individuals from coast to coast.
While surfing the Internet, Alcorn County (Mississippi) elementary principal Stephanie Clausel came across the AFA website and noticed that the national motto posters were also now available as buttons. That motivated her to do something for her school and her students.
"/ saw the little poster that said ’In God We Trust' and underneath it said 'Buttons Now AvailableClausel says. "So .. I decided I’d get buttons for all the adults. I'm telling one of the teachers about it, and she said, 'Oh, why can't we get them for the kidsT "
So Monday morning, Clausel personally gave out buttons to every elementary school student - all 511 of them. Fourth-grader Jake Waldrop plans to wear his button every day, a button he says sends a strong message. "God's our Savior, and when we pray He helps us.” Nine-year-old Desire Hamm says she plans to wear her button "across my heart... because I want everybody to know I'm going to trust in God."
Clausel says the buttons, in addition to being a patriotic gesture, provide "opportunities for these children to grow not only academically, but also to become the good citizens the [nation's] Founders envisioned." And that, Clausel says, is much more important than the possibility of any legal action by any group that may be upset because of the distribution of the free buttons.
Significance of Motto: AFA founder and president Don
iWildmon concurs with Principal Clausel. "For \too long, groups like the \ACLU and People for the American Way have used \a mythical 'separation of church and state' argument to drive the knowledge of God out of our	classrooms,"
Wildmon says. "As far as I'm concerned, their misdirected efforts — and the failure of Godfearing persons to challenge them - are a major reason OUT schools, and our society, are in the fix they lore."
"It has been shown time and time again that faith in God was a major component in the founding of this countryhe says. "And our own Congress voted in IV56 to make 'In God	We
Trust' our national motto. It's a patriotic issue, not a religious
issue." "There's no reason in the world why the motto should not be taught to every child in our schools and posted in every classroom,"
Steve Crampton, chief counsel for AFA's Center for Law & Policy, says the national motto reflects the foundational belief of the American people in God. "In our nation's charter, the Declaration of Independence, the Founders placed 'a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence' and made their appeal to 'the Supreme Judge of the world'," Crampton says. "Such trust in God undergirded the Founders, and is needed now more than ever."
The Stella Awards Jan-2002
In 1994, a New Mexico jury awarded $ 2.9 million in damages to 81-year-old Stella Liebeck, who suffered third-degree bums to her legs after spilling a cup of McDonald's coffee on herself. This case inspired the annual Stella Awards for the most frivolous lawsuit in the U.S. This year's candidates are listed below.
January 2000: Kathleen Robertson of Austin, Texas was awarded $780,000 by a jury after breaking her ankle tripping over a toddler who was running around inside a furniture store.
Continued on PAGE 12
The Crusader / PAGE 4
The Knights’ Party
Thomas Robb, National Director / P.0. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601 / 870-427-3414
Economic Tyranny!
The Silent and Deadly Terrorist from With in
On June 4, 1963, a little known attempt was made to strip the Federal Reserve Bank of its power to loan money to the government at interest. On that day President John F. Kennedy signed Executive Order No. 11110 that returned to the U.S. government the power to issue currency, without going through the Federal Reserve. Mr. Kennedy’s order gave the Treasury the power “to issue silver certificates against any silver bullion, silver, or standard silver dollars in the Treasury.” This meant that for every ounce of silver in the U.S. Treasury’s vault, the government could introduce new money into circulation. The ramifications of this bill are enormous.
With the stroke of a pen, Mr. putting the Federal Reserve with stockholders) of New enough of these silver circulation they would have Federal Reserve notes. This certificates are backed by notes are not backed by Order 11110 could have from reaching its current level, government the ability to the Federal Reserve and to create the new money, interest on its OWN MONEY?
Kennedy, was on his way to Bank (a PRIVATE corporation York out of business. If certificates were to come into eliminated the demand for is because the silver silver and the Federal Reserve anything. This Executive prevented the national debt because it would have given repay its debt without going to being charged interest in order Why should the U.S. pay
Another U.S. President had power years before.	That
Lincoln.The U.S. government, such as Thomas Jefferson establishments are	more
The Federal Reserve Act was passed during an “emergency” session during the Christmas Holidays in 1913 when all but a few favorable Congressmen were out of town for the season.
stripped a private man	was
despite warnings who	said,
dangerous than
bank of its Abraham from men “Banking standing
armies. (Jan. 26,1779) began borrowing money from private banks owned by an elite international group of bankers. Lincoln created the Lincoln GreenBack. It was Constitutional money as the Constitution had decreed (uCongress shall have the power to coin money and regulate the value thereof” NOT Allen Greenspan). Months later an agent of the Rothchild banking system -John Wilkes Booth, assassinated him. Only 5 months after John Kennedy stripped the banks of their power, he was assassinated. This federal order has never been repealed, but the fear the U.S. politicians have of the international bankers is dominant in Washington D.C. and they will not make use of this powerful executive order.
THE
PEOPLE
One brave politician in the 1930’s was the Chairman of the House Banking Committee - Louis T. McFadden. He was continually pointing out that monetary issues shouldn’t be partisan, he criticized both Hoover and Roosevelt for their party in subjugating the U.S. to private money monopolies. In describing the Fed, he remarked in the Congressional Record, House pages 1295 and 1296 on June 10, 1932, that: “Mr. Chairman, we have in this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known. I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the federal reserve banks. The depredations and the iniquities of the Federal Reserve Board and the banks acting together have cost this country enough money to pay the debt several times over. This evil institution has impoverished and ruined the people of the United States.”
Some people think the federal reserve banks are United States Government institutions. They are NOT. They are private credit monopolies, which prey upon the people of the U.S. (and other countries) for the benefit of themselves.(The Communist Revolution was almost entirely financed by Jewish bankers from New York City) Foreign and domestic speculators and swindlers; and rich and predatory moneylenders. In that dark crew of financial pirates there are those who would cut a man’s throat to get a dollar out of his pocket; there are those who send money into States to buy votes to control our legislations; and there are those who maintain an international propaganda for the purpose of deceiving us and of steering us into the granting of new concessions which will permit them to cover up their
past misdeeds and set again in motion their gigantic train of crime. Private credit monopolies are deceitfully and disloyally foisted upon nations by banking institutions and their families who use their incredible wealth to control and dictate government policy, social experimentation such as integration, and domestic upheaval.
Senator Elmer Thomas stated before the Senate on Feb. 22, 1933, 72nd Congress, 2nd session pg. 4700: “Anytime Wall Street wants a bill passed they send a suggestion down to Washington, and we are kept here sometimes until midnight to pass the bill. But if Wall Street is opposed to legislation in Congress, it cannot be gotten out of Committee, and it cannot be gotten before the Senate for consideration, and it has no chance of passing”
Benjamin Franklin: The refusal of King George to allow the colonists to operate on an honest, colonial money system, which freed the ordinary man from the clutches of the manipulators, was probably the prime cause of the Revolution."
(j) The authority vested in the president by paragraph (b) of section 43 of the Act of May 12, 1933, as amended (31 U.S.C.821 (b), to issue silver certificates against any silver bullion, silver, or standard silver dollars in the treasury not then held for redemption of any outstanding silver certificates, to prescribe the denomination of such silver certificates, and to coin standard silver dollars and subsidiary silver currency for their redemption. John F. Kennedy The White House, June 4, 1963. This allowed Congress to issue currency — something that had been restricted by the Fed. Reserve Act. Kennedy brought $4J billion in U.S. Notes into circulation - with no interest owed to any private bank. He was shot and killed 5 months later.
Prior to the Civil War Benjamin Disraeli, Prime Minister of England, stated to the Rothchild families gathered for the wedding of Lenora Rothchild to her cousin, Alfonso, in 1857; "Under this roof are the heads of the family of Rothchild, a name famous in every capital in Europe and every division of the globe. If you like we shall divide the United States into two parts, one for you James, and one for you Lionel. “ Many of our people still remain divided over this century old conflict that was begun by pitting Northern families against Southern families, both who had good points and bad points in an attempt to destroy both-fighting old battles takes our mind off of the current battle. Our enemies must be pleased.
International financiers have incredible influence over who finds out about their manipulation of social causes. We know that not every journalist or reporter is Mout to lie”, They are, for the most part, men and women who have been deceived by Marxist style universities and colleges (universities owing a great debt to the banks) They are victims also. But the owner of newspapers is another matter. Today, the media, whether it is radio, television, or print is just one peg in a mighty conglomerate of corporate wheels. They owe their “ownership” to the banks. Why is it so difficult to have truthful reporting on matters such as race, homosexuality, abortion, free trade, etc.7 In addition, petty issues continually bombard us. One reporter, a member of The Knights, tried to do a sympathetic story on the hate crime issue pointing out the fact that whites are more often the victims. It was sublime to say the least, yet, she was told by her editor flat out NO! “ The publisher will not tolerate a piece like this."
John Swinton, editor of the New York Times, stated at the annual dinner of the American Press association, as far back as 1914 that; “ There is no such thing as an independent press in America. You know this and I know it. Not a man among you dares to utter his honest opinion. Were you to utter it, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. We are marionettes to the , elitists behind the scenes. These men pull the strings and we dance. Our time, our talents, our lives, our capacities are all the property of these men —we are intellectual prostitutes.”
This is just a summary of the hold that international financiers have over our nation. Their actions are contrary to everything that is Christian - their enormous profits are enabling them to even Judaize Christianity through their control of the publishing houses that print the books up and coming preachers learn from. A member of The Knights attended the largest Christian Book Sellers Association convention in America in Jan. 2002. He reports that over 80% were Jews -many straight from Jerusalem. We are reminded of Jesus going into the synagogue and thrashing the tables of the moneychangers. The Bible contains many passages warning us of the attempt to subvert Christians by unethical uses of money. However, it is not money that is evil, it is the LOVE of money that is evil. Today, we must use our credit wisely. We must not be consumed by using our resources for continual acquirement of luxury or entertainment, but use it to support the causes of which will better our people and will awaken them to the yoke they are under. The Bible commands 10% of our income to be used for the care of the people whether it be for community improvements, for the sick, the elderly, the orphan, or the widow. Thus, income lax is not unBiblical. However, the politicians owned by the unlawful banking system, have subverted our hard-earned money to support thousands of programs aimed at destroying White Christian America. This we can not change immediately, but we can and should as Christians financially support the Christian opposition to tyranny. God promises to bless your cheerful financial sacrifices with financial increase. Share this leaflet with your friends and family and let them know the bondage they are under and their responsibility to warn others. Even those liberals among the colleges, media outlets, and churches have a right to know that they are being used as pawns to destroy their own future. Together lets help put an end to tyranny over America!
For More Information Contact The Knights / www.kkk.com / And Watch THIS IS THE KLAN Weekly Internet TV Show with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft
Continued from PAGE 3
finance chairman someone who contributed to Walter Mondale and not Ronald Reagan." Connor cited the former Wall Street financier's long record of contributions to liberal Democrats and pro-abortion candidates in questioning his fitness to be the GOP's finance chairman.
" Why would an administration that says it wants to promote a 'Culture of Life' change course and promote into a position of enormous political power a man who stands in direct opposition to President Bush's and the party's pro-life platform?" Connor asked. " Too many of the party elite hold what they see as the 'great unwashed' in poorly concealed contempt," Connor said. "The party's money class looks down its nose on the folks who invest sweat equity and shoe leather to elect pro-life Republicans. The Eisenberg election is a shocking example of this contempt. Mr. Eisenberg has made a career out of financing and working for candidates - including many liberal pro-abortion Democrats - who actively oppose the Republican Party's pro-life majority.”
"/ know that some favor the big tent approach to the Republican Party," Connor said, "but is the tent so large as to include those who are functionally liberal Democrats? I doubt that the Democratic Party is likely to reach out and name as its finance chairman someone with a record of financial support for conservative pro-life Republicans.”
"For years, Americans have watched the great Republican divide grow from a fissure to an ideological canyon," Connor said. "Undoubtedly, President Bush's election was owed primarily to the grassroots voters who pinned their hopes on his pro-life promises. The Eisenberg election is a slap in the face of these voters. How can the President reconcile such disdain for pro-life conservatives with his own stated political aimsT\ed. cater to more non-whites)
Military Composition Raises Concerns for the Future
Elaine Donnelly, with the Center for Military Readiness, has high praise for the troops, but is concerned the face of the military has changed. "There is no question that our military today is not so much made up of young, single men who are readily deployable, but made up of families."
Hundreds of thousands of those families are either single parents, or both parents are subject to deployment. Gina, for example, is a reservist with two children. She admitted it would be hard to leave them for a long time.
"/ don't think that I would be able to perform my functions as normal," she said. "I would do them, but just knowing my children are back at home — that would definitely be in the back of my mind"
Donnelly said we should learn from the Gulf War. "What we saw was a separation anxiety on the part of the child missing the parent," she said. "Also, the parent quite often being deployedfor six months or more had to kind of steel themselves or desensitize themselves to the feelings of loss."
Donnelly says we're sacrificing our children's emotional health for national security.
In addition, says Rachel Pendergraft, Knights’ spokeswoman, there are serious moves to begin a tiered draft for women. Mrs. Pendergraft, who at the young age of 12 lobbied Congressman to table the Equal Rights Amendment during its
big push for ratification, points out that the real issue is removing women from the homes.
“One of the greatest economic advantages the U.S. ever had over communist regimes was its millions of stay at home moms. A prudent and thrifty homemaker ends up meaning nearly an extra salary and half. It also counts toward a stable and well-adjusted society. ”
Alexis De Tocqueville, the great social and political commentator and author of Democracy in America, wrote in 1821: “In no country has such constant care been taken as in America to trace two clearly distinct lines of action for the two sexes and yet to make them keep pace with one another. Yet, the women of America, who often exhibit a masculine strength of understanding and a manly energy, generally preserve great delicacy of personal appearance and always retain the manners of women although they often show they have the hearts and minds of men. Thus the Americans do not think that man and woman have the duty to perform the same offices, but they show an equal regard for both their respective parts; and though their lot is different, they consider both of them as beings of equal value. They do not give to the courage of woman the same form or the same direction as to that of man, but they never doubt her courage; and if they hold that man and his partner ought not always to exercise their intellect and understanding in the same manner, they at least believe the understanding of the one to be as sound as that of the other, and her intellect to be as clear. Thus, then, while they have allowed the social inferiority of woman to continue, they have done all to raise her morally and intellectually to the level of man. “ / do not hesitate to avow that although the women of the United States are confined within the circle of domestic life, and their situation is in some respects one of extreme dependence, I have nowhere seen woman occupying a loftier position; and if I were asked, now that I am drawing to the close of this work, in which I have spoken of so many important things done by the Americans, aside from its Christian basis, to what the singular prosperity and growing strength of that people ought mainly to be attributed, I should reply: To the superiority of their women.
“So, says Mrs. Pendergraft, “ we see now, in the year 2002, it isn't even a question of women working outside the home, the enemies of our people want their influence removed altogether -what a better way then offering them up as war-time fodder. If you say women do not belong in the draft, radical feminists accuse you of implying that women are not courageous or patriotic. That is total nonsense. ”
The military is considering a tiered plan to introduce the draft for women. It would first include medical workers, followed by clerical workers, and hospitality type personnel. They would be forced to go through regular basic training and then be shipped abroad. Combat positions will follow close behind.
The Knights’ does not oppose the draft because women are incapable of being of value to the military, but rather women are of immense value to homeland security. The home and the hearth are the true targets. In fact some who may put their nose up at the ideas of a nation of “domestic” women, might be interested to know that the word “domestic”, instead of referring to a meek and quiet doormat, actually means home despot - the home’s front line of defense. Says Mrs. Pendergraft, “what a noble and extremely valuable calling. Our nation needs us now more than ever.”
The Crusader / Page 5
racemixing and the modern church
THE DOWNFALL OF OUR WHITE RACE
Part 1 of a 2 Part Series Martin Luther King Day is over until next year and we are now in the midst of a celebration of Negro culture. White children across the land will be forced to under go hour after hour of non-sense about the great Black race. They will be taught that the powerful Greek military leader Hannibal was black, that Cleopatra was black, and most likely many will be taught that Jesus Christ him self was a man of color - all the while ignoring historical evidence to the contrary. The many inventions of the Negro will be held in high esteem; yes, inventions, such as the table or boot. One resource guide for Black History Month lists these two inventions of the Black race having been patented in late 1800. Gee, what did our people do for thousands of years without tables or boots? 1 shudder to think of it. Charles Drew will be heralded as the savior of millions with his studies in blood plasma. Yet, was it the 90% white part of him or the 10% Negro part of him that possessed such genius. We could go on, but I think you get the point.
But let’s get back to Martin Luther King. Is it within the realm of a normal white man’s life to eagerly prop up the heroes of another people? NO. And what must be done about this so-called lack of integrity; preach it from the mountaintop, preach it from the valley, but most of all
preach it from the pulpit. And this is precisely what they have done.
The church is a storehouse of power. Millions of good people make their weekly trek to The Church to receive their instruction. Their influence on even those who don’t attend regular services is overwhelming. The majority of people, even today, don’t really make their mind up about a subject until they hear the church’s point of view. After all, they want to live their life in good conscience. And it is these people who are the prey of the wicked one.
Unfortunately, the churches today are pastored by sheep not shepherds. 99.9% of all preachers in any country on any continent have no business speaking or teaching in the church. My 10-year-old daughter is more qualified than these are. She knows from where our white race came, that our lord and Savior was a Judahite not a Khazar Jew, that race mixing is wrong, abortion is murder, and homosexuality is an abomination. She knows that men are to be good daddies and providers and women to be mommies and teachers of our children; the U.N. wants to destroy and control white nations, non-white immigration is ruining our people, and the right to own and bear arms should never be given up as its our gift from God - if we.
Continued on PAGE 7
Good Old Fashioned Book Burning
A pastor in New Mexico is recently held a book-burning and Harry Potter was on the menu.
Jack Brock is pastor of Christ Community Church in the south central town of Alamogordo. Like many conservative Christians, he believes Harry Potter is Mnothing but witchcraft -evil hidden behind the face of an innocent boy with little glasses." Brock tells the Alamogordo Daily News that the witchcraft in the Potter books is capturing the minds of young kids who have a hard time dividing between fantasy and reality. He also says the magic portrayed in the books is misleading. "It's [magic] all evil," Brock told the newspaper. "What [author J.K. Rowling] has done is make Harry look good and [the villain] evil, but they both come from the same source. You can't call good evil, or evil good. That's what it is all about"
Brock delivered a sermon entitled "The Baby Jesus or Harry Potter!" And Brock followed up on that with a "holy bonfire" in which the church will publicly burned Potter books. He says other material, including pornography and heavy metal records that exalt Satan went go into the fire with them. The evangelical pastor says it is all an effort to encourage Christians to remove everything from their homes that prevents them from communicating with God.
Brock says he is not worried what others in the community will think about him or his Congregation. "As far as I'm
concernedhe told the Daily News, "the church is not out to make people look good ... we're making a statement against evil." He says the problem with most churches today is that nothing is said because they will get people upset. Brock says he hopes his book-burning event will get them thinking.
Evidently Brock's plan has some local citizens thinking. The Otero County Unitarian Universalist Fellowship conducted protest and vigil near the church before and during the book burning. Protesters also appeared at a major intersection in Alamogordo brandishing signs that read "God Hates Book-Burners" and "Book-burning? Shame on our Town"
In a statement published by the Daily News, the Fellowship describes the burning as "censorship in its worst form." The group says there are "much more important issues than burning books that advocate evil exists and must always be confronted by the advocates of good, no matter what the price" (ed. The Fellowship permits and encourages homosexual members)
The Crusader / Page 6
Continued from PAGE 6
can keep it and that above all we must focus our energy on love for our people. Do your children know these things? If not why? If you are a parent, it’s your job. And if they don’t know these things, forgive me if I hurt your feelings, but you have failed as a parent and should immediately begin to correct the situation. Preachers are like parents, but most church leaders don’t deserve the title of God’s spokesman.
Martin Luther King Day is not longer a day of Liberal celebration, but is praised even in the sacred meeting places of the Living God. Read the innocuous words of the following Christian “leader” Tom Minnery, vice president of public policy at Focus on the Family, one of the nation’s largest Christian organizations.
“Though it has been nearly four decades, the words ’7 have a dream ” still resound in our national spirit. In the famous speech King delivered during the 1963 Civil Rights March on Washington, D.C., his words talk about a dream for America. Christians should use Martin Luther King Day to assess whether they are working toward racial harmony. We need the boldness that was demonstrated in the civil rights movement to influence the culture for God. Pastors need to understand that righteousness may require them to be divisive, to be controversial again, as Martin Luther King was back in the 1960’s'’
The Rev. Ralph Kelly, who is touted as having spent years teaching and equipping pastors for the same group says;
“Racism is a sin. We ’re going to address it from our pulpits, whether we’re African American or white American. We’re going to address this because we know that in God’s eye, racism is sin and it needs to go away."
Notice, that the Rev. Kelly says, “we know that in God’s eve, racism is sin.” How does he know that in God’s eye racism is sin? Has he had a personal conversation with him? Did he receive a revelation that the rest of us are not privy to?
It is actually not that difficult to find out what is in “God’s eye” if we have an earnest desire to know the truth. Where do we begin? How are we to know for certain what God says on the subject? The Bible says that the Word is God and there is life in the word. We only need to look in scripture to find out what is or isn’t in God’s eye.
In Genesis we read, “/« the beginning God created the heavens and the Earth". “And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep" The darkness that was on the face of the deep, and the earth being without form, and void, are rather interesting passages. The writings of the ancients, in the areas of early Hebrew, tell us that the condition that made the earth without form, and void, was the hand of God placing gigantic forces in operation, to void great evil and tremendous transgression and to bring catastrophe and judgment and elimination of people from earth bondage. The Webster dictionary tells you the word void means the aftermath of judgment by great power. To void a thing is to remove or efface it as it was. You may void an entry in your checkbook, it doesn’t mean the entry was never there, but that you are returning it to
its original account. We are first told that God made the heavens and the earth, and then we are told that it was voided. Could this be due to the fact that the Almighty cast one third of the rebellious angels to another realm where they corrupted his creation? In the book of Ephesians it tells us that we are pilgrims in the earth and pre-existed with God. In Jeremiah 4:23, Jeremiah, through a vision, remembering his previous home with God says, "I beheld the earth, and, lo, it BECAME without form and was void; the heavens had no light. I beheld the mounts, and they trembled, and the hills did move. I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, for the birds of the heavens had fled. I beheld the fruitful place that was a wilderness, and all the cities were broken down from the presence of God and His anger." This certainly explains ancient ruins in the lower strata (layers) of the earth, artifacts and tools that are millions of years old.
Adam was not the first man. In Genesis 1:26-28 we read, “Male and female created He them” and God said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply, and REplenish the Earth." This was on
aI.	aL
the 6 day or 6 AGE of creation. There had been an earlier creation, which was destroyed of which we have already spoken. The male and female, speaking plurally, were to REplenish what had been destroyed. Plenish is an obsolete English word that means “to filC They were to REfill the earth. You can not refill what has not already been filled. For instance, you can fill the ice cube tray for the first time, but to REfill the tray denotes its earlier state of having ONCE been filled.
The new creation was to be fruitful and multiply and this occurred millions of years ago. Now you know why there are to be found the remains of Negroes, Asians, and other similar peoples that date back to 1,500,000 years old. Yet no white man or woman has ever been found to date further back than 6000 years.
And then in the seventh age, God rested and his creation multiplied and again spread across the face of the earth.
There are two Hebrew word translated to “create”. One is bara, which means to make something; like an artist might sculpt something. The other is “yatstar” which means to bring forth out of one’s self. God created the red, yellow and black races and gave them dominion over the animals of the earth and yes, he did and still does love his creation.
You may now ask, well where does Adam and Eve come into the picture? We will find them appearing on the 8th day. When God said, I have no man to till the soil. In Strong's concordance ‘‘till” means to serve, to set in order, compel, bring to pass, to supervise. God had already created the red man, the yellow man, and the black man, but he wanted someone to compel his earlier creation to a productive work., to rule, to bring order to the earth. And he created (yatstar) brought forth issue - his child, his genetic legacy. He called them Adam and then separated the woman from Adam and she was now called Eve - the mother of
all living (spiritually).
Continued on PAGE 11
The Crusader / Page 7
The gem cannot be polished without frictiony nor man perfected without trials.
Abortion Leading the Way to Euthenasia
Many of those who Are Pro-Choice May Find themselves At the other End of “Medical Murder for Hire”
Oregon became the first state in the union to legalize physician-assisted suicide in 1997 and the government will even pay for it if you are a Medicaid recipient. Now, a survey from Oregon contains a shocking discovery: Sixty-eight percent of those who died by physician-assisted suicide feared being a burden on their family.
Burke Balch, director of medical ethics for the National Right to Life Committee, said that number is alarming. "This is a dramatic increase over previous years, when it was about 12 percent and then about 26 percent," Balch said. "So, what we're seeing is that over time this 'right' of assisted suicide which was sold as a matter of personal choice becomes more and more a matter of vulnerable people thinking that they have a 'duty to die' and get out of the way" He continued: "This is the sort of culture of death, the sort of lack of caring that is manifesting itself in accepting death as a solution to human problems ." Rita Marker, who heads the International Anti-Euthanasia Task Force, said while proponents of assisted-suicide laws claim to be offering a "choice," they're really leaving the aged and infirm with an obligation.
"Then you have someone who merely offers the option of saying, 'Well, you know you could get this prescription. You could get help,' " Marker said. "And that 'help' is in the form of a deadly overdose of drugs. Well, then there's the question of 'Would that be better for everybody else!" And that's not a "choice" anyone should have to make.
You know how important your monthly pledge is to the
success of The Knights.but so often its hard to remember
to send it in — not anv more — check this out!
Automatically have your monthly pledge billed to your Visa or Master Card.....Its that EASY!
FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW AND SEND IT IN TO HQ
i'n u,»\:::: n-um^oo:	->*»i
Name as it appears on card (WRITE NEATLY)
Passpport #___________________________________
Billing Address_______________________________
City ___________________ST
Zipcode ________________PH
• If you aren't a member and would like to pledge - just write '‘supporter” In the blank which asks for the membership passport number
TYPE of CARD - Visa or Mastercard (circle one) Card
Number _________________________________
Expiration DATE________________________________________
1 authorize Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, business name Patriotic Suppliers, to Bill my credit card on the 15th of each
month for the amount of $______________________________
(amount you would like to pledge) 1 can notify The Knights and cancel at anytime. Today’s Date____________________
Signature
U.N. Eyes International Taxes
SUMMARY: You pay federal taxes, state taxes, maybe property taxes. Now, international levies may be on the horizon.
The United Nations (U.N.) has scheduled a potentially volatile meeting for Monterrey, Mexico, in March to discuss U.N. taxes. The wide-ranging issues at the gathering may include a new taxing authority.
Fred Gedrich, of the Dulles, Va.-based Freedom Alliance, said if this transpires, it would allow taxes on international currency transactions and energy.
" This idea would mean higher gas prices, higher electricity prices and higher heating oil prices," Gedrich said.
Also included would be taxes on seabed mining, ocean fishing and satellite launches. Reparations for slavery, discussed at the U.N. anti-racism conference last fall, are also possible.
Gedrich's study of U.N. General Assembly voting shows nearly two-thirds of the members usually vote against the United States. "So, if you're looking at the tax issue from the United States' perspective, it could be terrifying what the results may be"
Veronique de Rugy, of the Cato Institute, agrees. She hopes the March meeting will fall apart, as some are predicting. "/ hope . . . they make fools of themselves " de Rugy said. "I hope they never reach their goal, because it would be a disaster for the U.S."
Gedrich said taxing emigrants, through an exchange of information, is one of the most anti-American aspects. De Rugy is herself a French citizen.
"Someone who moves from France to the U.S. would have to report their U.S. income to the French government so the French government could tax it," she said.
In theory, the U.N. wants to use the money to aid Third World countries.
The Bill of Sensible Rights
"We, the sensible people of the United States, in an attempt to help everyone get along, restore some semblance of justice, avoid any more riots, keep our nation safe, promote positive behavior, and secure the blessings of debt free liberty to ourselves and our great-great-great-grandchildren, hereby try one more time to ordain and establish some common sense guidelines for the terminally whiny, guilt ridden, delusional, and other liberal, bedwetters. We hold these truths to be self-evident: that a whole lot of people are confused by the Bill of Rights and are so dim that they require a Bill of No Rights.
ARTICLE I: You do not have the right to a new car, big screen TV or any other form of wealth. More power to you if you can legally acquire them, but no one is guaranteeing anything.
ARTICLE II: You do not have the right to never be offended. This country is based on freedom, and that means freedom for everyone-not just you! You may leave the room, turn the channel, express a different opinion, etc., but you do not have the right to violate MY free speech.
ARTICLE III: You do not have the right to be free from harm. If you stick a screwdriver in your eye, learn to be more careful, do not expect the tool manufacturer to make you and all your relatives independently wealthy.
ARTICLE IV: You do not have the right to free food and housing. Americans are the most charitable people to be found, and will gladly help anyone in need, but we are quickly growing weary of subsidizing generation after generation of professional couch potatoes who achieve nothing more than the creation of another generation of professional couch potatoes.
ARTICLE V: You do not have the right to free health care. That would be nice, but from the looks of public housing, we're just not interested in public health care.
ARTICLE VI: You do not have the right to physically harm other people. If you kidnap, rape, intentionally maim, or kill someone, don't be surprised if the rest of us want to see you fry in the electric chair.
ARTICLE VII: You do not have the right to the possessions of others. If you rob, cheat or coerce away the goods or services of other citizens, don't be surprised if the rest of us get together and lock you away in a place where you still won't have the right to a big screen color TV or a life of leisure.
ARTICLE VIII: You don't have the right to demand that our children risk their lives in foreign wars to soothe your aching conscience. We hate oppressive governments and won't lift a finger to stop you from going to fight if you'd like. However, we do not enjoy parenting the entire world and do not want to spend so much of our time battling each and every little tyrant with a military uniform and a funny hat.
ARTICLE IX: You don't have the right to a job. All of us sure want all of you to have one, and will gladly help you along in hard times, but we expect you to take advantage of the opportunities of education and vocational training laid before you to make yourself useful.
ARTICLE X: You do not have the right to happiness. Being an American means that you have the right to pursue happiness -which by the way, is a lot easier if you are unencumbered by an overabundance of idiotic laws created by those of you who were confused by the Bill of Rights.".
Those who strive to be above average - soon are
The Knights would like to begin a scholarship program for members of the youth corp. If you would be interested in becoming a benefactor, please contact:
The Knights, P.O. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601 “Let’s give white Christian kids a chancel”
The Crusader / Page 9
T-shirts $15.00 each (S, M, L, X I- XXL or XXXL add$3.00) designs are over heart - full color order from Patriotic suDDliers. P.O. Box 2222. Harrison. AR 72601
It’s LOVE
They may take
not HATE
KS-24
But f« be damntc if tn«y take rran«'
Kmphtsaffcf faKhnKtae

IKtopifcfl—fcf
Visa or Mastercard
If you would like to use your Visa or Mastercard, just include your card number, card type, and expiration date with your order along with your signature. Be sure to use your name as it appears on the card and your billing address. And of course you can still use a check or money order, (using your card-you can also phone in your order at HQ (870-427-3414)
KS-26
KS-23

% 4i
	n	
m	O:	
	M.	V
You wear your X
and ri wear MMB
KS-22
^Rncr mb ^atinn
m% Stoai fee GOD. RACE | COUN TRY*
KS-25		KS-15		KS-13
Any of the above designs can be ordered in a hat Instead of KS in front of the stock number use BC. Hats are on a white cap, mesh back, foam front $10.00
KS-2
Key Chains-$6.00
♦	Round “blood drop” gold metal key chain
♦	Traditional Horseman on rectangular black background
♦	Blood drop on rectangular black background with letters KKK
♦	Rebel flag keychain on black rectangular backing
♦	Rebel flag keychain in clear plastic casing.
HAT/LAPEL PINS
$3..00 each
♦	Blood Drop Pin
♦	Klansman on a horse Pin
♦	KKK shield Pin
♦	Confederate Flag Pin
♦	I Love Jesus Pin
♦	Blood Drop Pin with letters KKK below
♦	Irish Shamrock
KKK watch - Men’s or Women’s $40.00 each
FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*
$15.00
American Flag Confederate Flag
Confederate Flag (I Aint Coming Down)
Confederate Flag with Celtic Cross and KKK Bonnie Blue Don’t Tread On Me
Christian Flag Blood Drop with KKK
$20. *KiQhts’ Banner
Videos $15.00 Why The Knights?
This is the Klan Conservatives can’t save America.
There is Hope!
Take Back America! Christianity /Destroyed in the courts
2001 Congress Highlights 2001 White Christian Festival Highlights
Enemy at the Gates (Israel’s part in 9/11 attacks White Christian Foundation of America!
Ruby Ridge Massacre
N.B. F. Pie. In Frame or Cross lighting $15.00
KKK Pens - with P.O. box and web address on pen $1.00 each
Jewelry $5.00
Blood Drop earrings (fish hook) Blood Drop necklace Blood Drop Tie Clip with chain
Continued from PAGE 7
Adam and Eve were not the progenitors of all races. Isn’t it amusing how on one hand the modem church fights against the idea of evolution and than on the other hand wants us to believe that all races evolved from one source.
Now why didn’t God give a woman of another race of the earlier creation to Adam? If she is to be ‘‘‘‘but the servant of the man” as Whartons Laws from the first half of the 19th century says, than any race would have been fine. It doesn’t take a genius to clean a home, mend clothes, fix a meal, etc. But God did not want a help-mate for Adam he wanted a help-MEET. Meet means “a counterpart, a person very closely like or corresponding to another person.” In the dictionary we find the word meet means fitting, made to fit, akin (of one kin; related, having similar qualities, suitable, appropriate, proper. Rushdoony’s Institutes of Biblical Law state that a woman’s normal sphere is that of advisor and counselor. A true helpmeet is man’s image and must mirror his image. She must be of the same race.
The facts stated above have been taught and regarded as truth by Gods people throughout the centuries although at times when it was disregarded it brought God’s wrath.
In this last age we begin seeing this truth destroyed. Justin D. Fulton, a Boston minister popular in liberal circles wrote in 1869:
“Much is said against amalgamation, as thought it were a crime. There is no crime in it or about it. There is much of prejudice, but no crime. If a white man loves a black woman, there is no law in God's code forbidding the union. God made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on the face of the earth. Complexions may differ, owing to climate, or temperament, (evolution) but the blood is the same. The races have a common Father in God. In this intermingling of races, coming to this land from all climes, we perceive the seedling of a glorious hope. The future American is to be the product of this blending of the distinctive features of all the various races of earth. Against this result there is an immense amount of prejudice; but in Europe it does not exist. Many a white man has found his help-mate in a black woman, and many more will find helpmates from the same source."
He continues in his assault upon white women with the following:
“Think of Miss Anthony (Susan B.) and Mrs. Stanton in the train of George Francis, perambulating the country in favor of the ballot. These are the leaders; but let it not be forgotten that they sided against the ballot for the Negro, and proved their utter worthlessness and untrustworthiness by trailing the banner committed to their keeping in the slime of a convention which went for the repudiation of the national debt, the defeat of the party of progress, and for the overthrow of the Republicans (Republicans at that time were in the forefront of full Negro-White equality). Had woman possessed the ballot, and had the course pursued by the leaders of this movement exercised an influence over the majority, this wonderful victory over the rebellious spirits of the land would not been achieved; but, in its
stead, the stars and bars would have resumed their way, and the stars and stripes, which now kiss the breeze, and greet the rising hopes of uncounted millions, would have been furled in gloom and night."
This liberal traitor first encourages the practice of white men taking Negresses for help-mates and then bashes the early suffragists for their stand against Negro voting rights. He warns that if the majority of the suffragists had had their way, by their influence, the South would not have destroyed. Yet, to destroy the relationship between white men and women, the re-writers of history imply that these women ushered in a new era of racial equality, when in fact, the majority of them (albeit a few Jewesses) were white Christian women who worked to strengthen the family in a time when Jewish influences were having a very negative impact on the nation. (How this Christian woman’s movement was hijacked will be discussed in a later article.)
God himself ordained the white man and woman to have the pre-eminence and from the beginning Satan has been out to subvert their authority in the earth by any means necessary: He instills within the created races the desire to rule or supervise which they are incapable of doing. God’s sons and daughters are to be a blessing to the world. It is through the compassion of the white race that education, health care, law and order have been brought to the pre-Adamic non-white creation. When nonwhites attempt to usurp the authority of the white race, they are hurting themselves in the long run.
Examples within the Bible of God’s view toward
the mixing of the races:
Genesis 6:9 These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God. Perfect means without blemish. “Generation” in the Hebrew concordance means descent, family, history, birth. Noah was perfect in his descent. He was of pure seed and untainted; his wife also. It is interesting to note here that one of the signs of the last days is that it will be like in the days of Noah - rampant race-mixing.
Genesis Chapter 16,17 God tells Abram and Sarai that they will have a son although both are very old.. God makes a covenant with Abram changing his name to Abraham and tells him, “/ will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee." And then he changes Abram's racially pure wife’s name to Sarah and says, “/ will bless her and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her."
Genesis Chapter 24: Abraham, knowing he is to die soon, makes his servant swear an oath that (Sarah is dead by this time) he will insure that Isaac, Abraham’s and Sarah’s son, will not take a wife from the daughters of the Canaan ites, but “thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my unto my son Isaac." The word kindred means '‘'‘lineage, offspring, family". He wanted his son to have a racially pure wife
Continued in the next issue of The Crusader
The Crusader / Page 11
Published by Thomas Robb Mimstries Church of Jesus Christ
wmm
Edited by Nathan and Anna Robb P.O. Box 354, Bergman, AR 72615 wwW'Christianidentity.tv Ask for your FREE Sample Copy
when she fell from the bathroom window to the floor and knocked out her two front teeth while she was trying to sneak through the window in the ladies room to avoid paying the S3.50 cover charge. She was awarded $12,000 and dental expenses.
The Stella Award’s website also says that Kenmore Inc. was found not liable for the death of Dorothy Johnson's poodle after she gave it a bath and attempted to dry it by putting it in the microwave. Neither was the maker of a spermicidal jelly liable because a black woman got pregnant after using the birth control jelly on her toast (no kidding)
Good Solid Bible Teaching from a White Christian Perspective. Annual subscription - $15*00
ontinued from
The owners of the store were surprised at the verdict, considering the little boy was Ms. Robertson's own son.
June 1998:19-year-old Carl Truman of Los Angeles won $74,000 and medical expenses when his neighbor ran over his hand with a Honda Accord. Mr. Truman didn't notice there was someone at the wheel of the car when he was trying to steal his neighbor's hubcaps.
October 1998: Terrence Dickson of Bristol, Pennsylvania was leaving a house he had just finished robbing by going through the garage. He was not able to get the garage door to go up, because the automatic door opener was malfunctioning. He couldn't re-enter the house because the door connecting the house and garage locked when he pulled it shut. Since the family was on vacation, Dickson found himself locked in the garage for eight days. He stayed alive by drinking a case of Pepsi he found, along with a large bag of dry dog food. He sued the homeowner's insurance claiming undue mental anguish, and a jury awarded him half a million dollars.
October 1999: Jerry Williams of Little Rock, Arkansas was awarded $14,500 and medical expenses after being bitten on the buttocks by his next door neighbor’s beagle. The beagle was on a chain in the owner’s fenced-in yard, and Mr. Williams was in there with it, shooting at it with a pellet gun.
May 2000: A Philadelphia restaurant was ordered to pay Amber Carson of Lancaster, Pennsylvania $113,500 after she slipped on soft drink and broke her coccyx ("tail bone"). The drink was on the floor because Ms. Carson threw it at her boyfriend 30 seconds earlier during an argument.
December 1997: Kara Walton of Claymont, Delaware successfully sued the owner of a night club in a nearby city
Teacher May I ?
A NEA (National Education Association) brainwashed, brain-dead first grade teacher proudly explained to her class that she is a liberal Democrat. In typical socialist fashion, she asks her students to raise their hands if they were liberal Democrats too.
Not really knowing what a liberal Democrat was, but wanting to impress their teacher and not wanting to suffer a poor grade for not agreeing with their teacher, the students hands flew up into the air.
There was, however, one exception. A little White girl named Susan had not gone along with the crowd of ignorant students. The teacher asked her why she did not have her hand up.
"Because I'm not a liberal Democrat", said the little girl.
"Oh reeeeally"? asks the teacher, sarcastically. "Then what are you"*!
"Why. I'm a proud, white \ patriotic Christian", boasts the little girl. The teacher, quite perturbed and her face slightly red, asked Susan why she thinks she is a proud, white Christian.
" Well, I was brought up to trust in myself instead of relying on an intrusive government to care for me and do all my thinking for me. My Dad and Mom are proud white Christians and I am too".
The teacher, now as visibly angry as liberal Democrats get when confronted with dissidents, literally shouted at the little girl; "Why, that's no reason! What if yourrHad and Mom were morons. What would you be then"*}
The little girl paused, smiled sweetl liberal Democrat".
Support the cause of White l^rkian Revival after you’re goa£. Contact national office at 870-^U^ and you can receive assistance from a Knights^, attorney in the making of your will* ^ Completely confidential