The Knights Party / Thomas Robb, director / PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601 / 870-427-3414 / Issue #148 / www.kkk.com
By Mrs. Raiden Gaul
For years my husband and I have been frustrated with all the grumbling within the movement about the decadence of Aryan America, and our inability to lead white America to victory. Yet many of these same people live an alien lifestyle. There have been times in history where Aryans had the opportunity for greatness and we blew it. In all honesty, if someone with racial consciousness were actually elected President and could handpick his cabinet, ect. would he have the foundation and moral integrity of the population backing him, to lead with honor and success?
I believe we live in a time of preservation and preparation. The history and honor of our people have been decimated. Yes, our people do feel hopeless. So many of us are immersed in an alien culture, and don't even understand what being an Aryan means anymore! Basic principles our people used to take for granted - like marriage and family, hard work and independence, freedom and privacy, honesty and integrity -are no longer understood or even valued.
We are the people who brought Christianity, liberty, and culture to the world. Our ancestors were George Washington, Michelangelo, Wagner, St. Paul, Queen Victoria, and Thomas Edison. We do our ancestors a dishonor if we boast .of our Aryan genetics, yet live as aliens.
The amazing phenomenon we find throughout history, however, is just when all is thought to be lost and all that we stand for is about to be extinguished - God raises up a great soul to lead our people, or discover a new land, or make a technological discovery that preserves us and helps us at that pivotal moment.
Just as McCarthy fought the spread of communism through the world, often these leaders are vilified by the enemy and do not ultimately succeed in all they under take. But they
slow the spread of evil, resurrect our ideals, and set an example of personal honor to inspire future generations.
Just as the leaders from our past, we must often stand alone, look to God for approval rather than others, and make a personal decision to do our best to live lives of honor and personal sacrifice no matter how complicated or difficult it gets, or what others do. We must have the courage and honesty to continue to learn to grow so we can be the instruments of God to help and preserve His people and make this planet a better place.
We live in difficult times. There are no more new lands. We can no longer explore and start over like the Pilgrims did. Satan is blatant. He has infiltrated and counterfeited the churches and caused such confusion among our people that we now question what used to be commonly understood to be right, just and true.
Our enemy knows if he can destroy our young he will have victory. So he targets the family, our teenagers, and our educational system.
We have been brought so far down, that we must start with the basics and rebuild our foundation. Only then will we raise leaders with the capability to lead our people back to greatness.
If we instituted a few basic changes in our personal lives - miracles would be performed with our people. We would be physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually healthy. We would not only survive, but flourish.
Often, so many of us are starting with no knowledge. We cannot condemn ourselves for our past mistakes and weaknesses, but we must look forward and try to learn from our past if we are not to repeat it, and desire to overcome it. We must surround ourselves with positive, uplifting people we can learn from and who can help us. We must set a living, patient example for our families. Continued on Page 9
The Crusader Published b>
Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Harrison AR 72601
Tlioinas Robb Editor Rachel Pcndergraft Asst Editor
wiiM.kkla'oni
Watch This is the Rian Internet TV Slum Each Week with Tlioinas Robb and Rachel Pendergrafl The FIRST and ONLY Weekly racialist News Broadcast - World Wide
This is the Klan — This is the Truth
Issue #148
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $15.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
You may wish to consider remembering The Knights in your will or trust. You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics. You can help support this important cause after you're gone.
'9*
Maryland: Next Battlefrontfor Advocates of Same-Sex 'Marria
-- Proponents Claim Homosexual Adoption Proy,
Foothold for ACLU Lawsuit ^
As pro-family forces continue their pressure on the U.S. Seruutt| a constitutional amendment protecting marriage, pro-homosexual f0r> showing no signs of retreat.
Maryland has become the laiest battlefront for homosexual seeking to overturn laws supporting biblical marriage. The American(v Liberties Union (ACLU) has now sued the City of Baltimore and f' Maryland counties for the right of same-sex couples to marry. Ihc lawSU)1 according to Associated Press, was filed on behalf of nine couples and ama whose partner recently died. The couples had sought marriage licenses and were denied.
Maryland law specifically defines marriage as being between a man and a woman. But the Washington Post quotes an ACLU lawyer whosa.y the group still believes Maryland is "fertile ground" for such a challenge because the state's courts have already granted homosexual couples the righi to adopt children.
Robert Ehrlich, governor of Maryland, is supportive of elTortsto defend traditional marriage, which he says is "the view of most Marylanders and Americans" as well as the "cornerstone of our society." The lawsuit b| the ACLU, he says, is part of that legal group's "far left agenda."
The ACLU has similar legal challenges pending in several other states, including California and Nebraska. Pro-family forces dec are that is exactly why they are pushing for a F ederal Marriage Amendment. They say it is the only way to protect traditional marriage from liberal judges.
Homosexual Adoption and the AMA
Indeed, Maryland may be an appropriate place for the lawsuits challenge by virtue of that state's allowing homosexual couples to adopt - a privilege that has been endorsed by the American Medical Association. But one Christian physician says by issuing such an endorsement, the AMA has picked political correctness over the welfare of children.
When the AMA gave its okay to homosexual adoption, the Christ*8 Medical & Dental Associations were sharply critical of the action. CMD president Dr. David Stevens accuses the AMA of being "held hostage" by I** homosexual lobby, resulting in the AMA ignoring the scientific evident against homosexual adoption. "That same lobby has produced some p8^ science to cover up what they really are trying to accomplish -- and using literature that is not very scientifically valid, they are taking this ^cf' Stevens says. "It's moving toward political correctness versus scien accuracy, and that's a shame."
According to Stevens, the AMA did not touch on any of the impacts of homosexuality in making its decision, but instead just addressed the importance of having parents.
30#
the *1

basis for the argument, Stevens has a counter-argument: the bottom line, he says, is that homosexuals do not
,,i#
"It's bad for children to put them in that type of environment," he says. "We know that there's a greater chaoc® ^ children will practice homosexual lifestyles and be subject to sexual predation [in that environment!, especially " homosexual homes."
Pago 2
Nat’l Ed. Association Removes Woman from Office for Criticizing Homosexual Award
Winner
A conservative leader in the National Education Association (NEA) has been removed from office because she chose to criticize a homosexual. Diane Lenning, chairperson of the National Republican Educators' Caucus, was removed from her position because she objected to the NEA giving a special award to Kevin Jennings, the head of the Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual Educators group.
Jennings is a very controversial figure. This is a man who is a homosexual activist, who covered up an incident of molestation, who presided over a session in Massachusetts in which kids as young as 14 were exposed to graphic descriptions of homosexual sex acts, and who has said he wants kindergartners acquainted with homosexuality. Jennings has used foul language to describe Christians who oppose his agenda. It is bad enough that the NEA honored Jennings, but even worse that Lenning was removed from her post for objecting.
Her removal is just another example of the NEA’s long anti-family track record. Over the past few years, the NEA has forgone all pretense of objectivity and has become entirely prohomosexual. Resolutions have been debated about introducing gay historical figures to kids, having pro-homosexual education starting as early as kindergarten, and treating people’s religious views as bigotry and hatred
Judicial Voter Guide to Help Put More Christians on State Court
The Christian Coalition of Georgia is releasing its first judicial voters guide. It’s a closely watched attempt to install more conservatives on state courts — and includes a list of questions about social issues like homosexual rights and prayer in schools. Just two of seven candidates for the state Supreme Court and Court of Appeals responded to the survey. Not surprisingly, those two agreed with the Coalition on all five topics on the list. The survey is the Christian Coalition's first effort to take advantage of a recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling allowing judicial candidates more leeway in campaigns. Before, judges were admonished not to talk about issues that may come before them on the bench. The Christian Coalition voter guide will be mailed to 200,000 people, with another 300,000 earmarked for distribution in church bulletins starting this Sunday. The Christian Coalition says Georgia is the first state where judicial surveys are being used, but that more than a dozen states have Christian groups that may try to copy the idea. The Coalition already puts out voter guides for state legislators. Those come out in the fall.
Family Group Credits God with Successful Petition Drive
A pro-family coalition in Michigan is crediting God with a miracle after tens of thousands of signatures were gathered in one week on a petition to let the state's voters decide whether the state constitution should be amended to protect traditional marriage. After almost three months of work and with the deadline seven days away, it appeared the petition would fall substantially short of the 317,000 valid signatures required for the measure to be placed on the November ballot. But according to Gary Glenn of the American Family Association of Michigan, a member of the coalition called Citizens for the Protection of Marriage, God more than made up the deficit. "One week before the deadline, we were 150.000 signatures short of our goal with little reason to believe it was possible, but we continued to walk on faith, pray hard, and work hard," Glenn explains. "We give God the credit for the absolute miracle that over 180,000 signatures were received in just the last seven days."
The coalition submitted the signatures of 482,590 registered voters on to the Michigan secretary of state, meaning Michiganders will decide this fall whether to add the following sentence to the state constitution: "To secure and preserve the benefits of marriage for our society and for future generations of children, the union of one man and one woman in marriage shall be the only agreement recognized as a marriage or similar union for any purpose." Nine other states will be voting on similar pro-marriage measures between now and November: Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah.
Homosexual Activists Trying to Confuse the Issue
A Virginia-based pro-family group says all the homosexual rallies in the world won't change the fact that Virginia's legislature passed a law banning same-sex "marriage" or "civil unions." The Virginia General Assembly made it perfectly clear: the Commonwealth will not recognize as legal any union between two persons of the same sex. Virginia Cobb with the Family Foundation of Virginia says homosexuals are wasting their time with rallies that are only meant to confuse people with misleading rhetoric. "All the rallies in the world won't change the fact that this law passed with a bipartisan supermajority of the general assembly, ” Cobb says. "The fact is that there was little debate about this law -- and it simply reveals that there is a lack of opposition from mainstream Virginians. Virginia supports marriage, and that's the way it's going to continue in our public policyCobb says the law does not affect contracts that any Virginian, homosexual or not, can enter into every day, including bank accounts and medical directives. She says that is one way radical fringe groups have tried to intimidate and confuse the public.
And a political science professor is concerned about the
Continued on Page 8
Page 3
Congressional Group Asks U.N. to Oversea Presidential Election in America
Nationalist organizations have been warning	monitoring our elections.
Americans for years about the consequences of belonging to the	In the letter, false allegations are made that duhne ^
United Nations and signing any treaties with it. The U.N. 2000 Presidential election Negroes were denied the righttovote
directly affects the soveirnty of the United States. For example, and that systematic fraud occurred. In fact, fraud did octm U.S. soldiers can now be tried in the World Court as criminals. most notably in heavy black voting areas such as St. Louis And in the future, civilians, will most likely be hauled before the where Negro poll watchers allowed other blacks to vote often 2 U.N. to be held accountable for so-called human rights or 3 times.
violations - which may include speaking out against	It	is highly unlikely that the U.N. will be overseeing
homosexuality, free migration ( a nice way to term illegal	elections in 2004, but the effort has begun and a lot can change
immigration) and interracial marriage.	between now and 2008. Even well meaning Christians, a\\ in
By now we are accustomed to seeing U.N. voting the so-called idea of “fair chance”, will support the effort -inspectors standing guard during elections in OTHER countries, prodded on by their false prophet preachers who see no but will armed U.N. soldiers and inspectors now be holding post connection between national soveirnty and Christianity at OUR elections? They will if a Congressional group of mostly American independence is a grand, noble, and Biblical concept, black activists has any say in it. On July 1st, in spite of the hype We must continue to fight and pray for its return. May GoA about honoring the American heritage of freedom from foreign Bless America!
oppression - (4,h of July) a letter was sent to the Negro U.N.	See	the letter on the next page that was sent to the G.R
Secretary General Kofi Annan asking for U.N. assistance in - It has been retyped - but wording and format is the same.
2004 National Klan Congress
September 3,4,5
At SOTC Bible Camp, 15 miles from Harrison, Arkansas
Workshops, Cross lighting, speakers, family entertainment, awards ceremony, naturalization for new Knights, bonfire and singing, food, music, souvenirs, Christian fellowship - fun for the whole family
Call 870-427-3414 for more info - also see the Congress registration form
enclosed with this issue of The Crusader.
uly 1,2004
De^koml
The Honorable Kofi Annan Secretary-General United Nations New York, NY 10017
Dear Mr. Secretary-General:	,	_	.	,
We, the undersigned Members of Congress, hereby request the Electoral Assistance Division of the United Nations I Department of Political Affairs to send election observers to monitor the presidential election in the United States scheduled for November 2, 2004. We are deeply concerned that the right of U.S. citizens to vote in free and fair elections is again in jeopardy.
As you may know, the 2000 presidential election was steeped in controversy. The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, a bipartisan federal agency, investigated widespread allegations of voter disenfranchisement and questionable practices in the state of Florida relating to the purging of names from voter registration lists, methods of balloting, and the independence of counting and certification procedures. In a report released in June 2001, the Commission found that the electoral process in Florida resulted in the denial of the right to vote for countless persons and further that the “disenfranchisement of Florida’s voters fell most harshly on the shoulders of black voters” and in poor counties
Moreover, Florida was not the only state in which voters were wrongfully denied their right to vote and have their vote counted. Experts have concluded that over half of the votes that went uncounted nationwide during the last election were cast by "nonwhite voters." In Florida, the Commission found that black voters were "10 times more likely than non-black voters to have their ballots rejected" - a result that experts say is typical of states across the country. The election was finally determined by the U.S. Supreme Court which prevented further counting of the votes in what has been widely criticized as one of the most politicized and improper decisions in U.S. jurisprudence.
As the next Election Day approaches, there is more cause for alarm rather than less. In April of this year, the Commission issued a status report which found that despite promised nationwide reforms relating to voting equipment, voter list maintenance, poll worker training, election certification, and reinstatement of ex-felon voting rights, adequate steps have not been taken to ensure that a similar situation will not arise in the coming election. Rather, upon evaluating the current state of affairs, the Commission concluded “the potential is real and present for significant problems on voting day that once again will compromise the right to vote.”
The right to vote, and have votes counted, in free and fair elections is a cornerstone of representative government. In addition to violating amendments 15 and 26 of the U.S. Constitution, and laws adopted pursuant to it such as the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the events in Florida violated the right to vote as it is enshrined in several international instruments that the U.S. has either agreed to, such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (article 21), or ratified, such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (article 25) and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (article5).
As member of the international community, we firmly believe in the importance of international human rights law and its applicability and relevance to the U.S. Given the deeply troubling events of the 2000 election and the growing concerns about the lack of necessary reforms and potential for abuse in the 2004 election, we believe that the engagement of international election monitors has the potential to expedite the necessary reform as well as reduce the likelihood of questionable practices and voter disenfranchisement on Election Day.
In addition, we believe that international oversight is critical in this election not only because of the role the U.S. has in the world, but also because the issues related to the methodology of elections inside the United States, such as the use of electronic and paperless voting technology, are likely to have international impact. The danger that these methodologies could become a standard to be exported and emulated involves broader issues of democracy that should be of concern to the United Nations and the international community as a whole.
For all these reasons, we urge the UN to favorably consider this urgent request Sincerely, Members of Congress,
Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX-30) Joseph Crowley (NY-07)	Raul	Grijalva	(AZ-07)
Danny K. Davis (IL-07) Corrine Brown (FL-03) Carolyn B. Maloney (NY-14) Jerrold Nadler (NY-08 ichael M. Honda) Elijah E. Cummings (MD-07) Julia Carson (IN-07) Edolphus Towns (NY- 10)
Large Rebel Flag Umbrella $16.00
Small window Flag w ith suction cup -$5.00
Heritage NOT Hate / Rebel Flag $15.00
REBEL FLAG TOTE BAG
Natural colored tote bag with large rebel flag on it and the word REBEL -sturdy and durable $9.00
FLAG of the ALAMO!
(Not shown)
Illegal aliens overrunning our borders say they want Texas back - but it was never theirs'. Fly the flag of the famous Alamo battle that led to Texas Independence.
$15.00
REBEL V anity/License Plate
Lightweight Rebel "car tag”. Large Confederate Flag design.
$5.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Decal - $2.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Bumper Sticker - $4.00
Rebel Car Antenna Flag -$6.00
ORDER ANYTHING ON THESE TWO PAGES FROM
Christian Books and Things PO Box 111 /HARRISON, AR 72601
IF USING A CREDIT CARD YOU CAN ALSO ■PSP	CALL YOUR ORDER IN
K^r-	870-427-1611
Go to www.kkk.bz for a Link to our Web Site - Many More Items to See
Informational Leaflets for Distribution
$8.00 PER 50 OR $15.00 PER 100
Economic Tyranny oyer America - quotes on $ from famous people, exposes corruption of international bankers and politicians.
Truth Tract on Gun Rights with quotes from founding fathers - dispels myths put out by anti-gun fanatics.
Martin Luther King Truth Sheet — lists examples of Kings Communist affiliation, sexual deviancy. violent rhetoric, etc. Why he should not have a holiday - lists sources
Be a Winner with The Knights - political tract about The Knights I simple and direct.
You Can Be a Hero - Asks the reader to consider the future of their children and join with others in becoming heroes for their families.
Introduction to The Knights Tells about The Knights w ith a short bio of Thomas Robb / includes application.
The Knights is Organizing in YOUR city - Have this leaflet personalized for your city or county. Contains political message about white Christian rights.
The Public School Religion - Talks about the humanist/Judeo influence now in the public schools - its fruit
e racemixing and homosexuality among the youth. Win are re? ptouds targeting vour children? Protect your kids
T-shirts $17.00 each (S, M, L, X I- XXL or XXXL add$3.00) designs are over heart - full color order anything on this page from Christian Books and Things / PO Box 111 / Harrison, AR 72601
It's LOVE
not HATE
KS-24
THE HU6NAL
f
A A. A
.41	k \
Kniuhit of th* Ku Kkjx K|an
KS-25
They may take your flag
Bat fl to towwd i 9wf Hte «M
KS-26
KS-23

Unit, ]Kut anb Ration
4 W*	ier COD. I *CE A CKSTW*
W sj v, ru.
\\ i i
\
<f-'« \ llinvfrrf \
Hin'W t.' urn jr'
KS-10
^Iok

KS-15		KS-13	
KS-2
Any of the above designs can be ordered in a hat. Instead of KS in front of the stock number use BC. Hats are on a white cao. mesh back, foam front. $10.00
Yau wear your X
KS-22
Videos $15.00
Why The Knights?
This is the Klan Immigration Crisis/Historical and Biblical View There is Hope!
Take Back America! Christianity /Destroyed in the courts
Who We are/Why We’re Here/Where we’re going Enemy at the Gates (Israel’s part in 9/11 attacks White Christian Foundation of America!
Ruby Ridge Massacre
Key Chains-$6.00
♦	Round “blood drop” gold metal key chain
♦	Traditional Horseman on rectangular black background
♦	Blood drop on rectangular black background with letters KKK
♦	Rebel flag keychain on black rectangular backing
♦	Rebel flag keychain in clear plastic casing.
HAT/LAPEL PINS
$3..00 each
♦	Blood Drop Pin
♦	Klansman on a horse Pin
♦	KKK shield Pin
♦	Confederate Flag Pin
♦	I Love Jesus Pin
♦	Blood Drop Pin with letters KKK below
♦	Irish Shamrock
KKK watch - Men’s or Women’s $40.00 each
FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*
$15.00
American Flag	Christian Flag
Confederate Flag	Blood Drop with KKK
Confederate Flag (I Aint Coming Down) $20. *Knights’ Banner Confederate Flag with Celtic Cross and KKK Bonnie Blue Don’t Tread On Me
Rebel Flag Decal $2.00
Cross lighting Picture in frame - $15.00
National Office Picture in Frame - $15.00
N.B. Forrest Picture In Frame-$15.00
Large Confederate Flag Umbrella $16.00
KKK Pens - with P.O. box and web address on pen $1.00 each
Jewelry $5.00
Blood Drop earrings (fish hook) Blood Drop necklace Blood Drop Tie Clip with chain
Above, youth carp member Michelle Hensley, daughter of HQ staff member Richard Hensley, represents The knights in their hometown 4th of July Parade. Not pictured, but also in the parade was her brother Matthew. Both are honor students, active in sports, and proud of their faith, race, and homeland
Continued from Page 3 pain that the United Mates is heading down, now that same-sex
marriage has been legalized in Massachusetts. Dr. Christopher
Wolfe, author of the book Homosexuality and American Public
Life, says it is important for Americans to be involved in the
debate on homosexual marriage because sex is not just a private
activity. "Of course, it does have a certain kind of privacy — or
should, at least," he explains. "On the other hand, it has
enormous implications that go beyond just the two people who
are engaged in it. Most importantly because sex is the source of
children and family on which society rests. And so while it's true
that it's a private activity in some ways, it's also in many ways
an activity fraught with public consequences." Wolfe says when
the very fundamental unit of society is being questioned and
attacked, it shows that something is very wrong with the social fabric of society.
John McCain Panders to Mexican Immigrant Group
An immigration reform activist is calling Senator John McCain to task for his criticism of the Homeland Security Department's use of unmanned drones to find illegal alien lawbreakers. McCain recently told the annual conference of the National Council of La Raza that the use of the drones is an example of the government's wrongheaded approach to the illegal alien problem. But Rick Oltman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) says he knows the real reason Senator McCain complained about the drones. "If you’ve got an unmanned aerial vehicle that can fly over a hundred miles an hour and transmit images back, plus has thermal imaging, and can spot motion on the desert floor and stuff like that at night... the only reason to complain about it is that it just might work," Oltman says. He calls McCain's comments to La Raza "the lowest form of political pandering," adding that "apparently no statement is ridiculous enough [sic] if it gets you an applause line at the National Council of the Race [La Raza]." Oltman says he wholeheartedly applauds the use of the drones, which began operating last month.
Pictures from the Recently Held “Patriot’s Weekend Celebration and Conference”
Memories from the Past
Pictured Above: Pastor Thomas Robb speaks to a gathering of Patriots at a 1981 national conference in Birmingham, Alabama.
Continued from Page 1
Below is a list of things our white brothers and sisters must work on in their lives.
1.	We must overcome addictions to drugs, alcohol and cigarettes. We cannot be truly free if we are slaves to our bodies. Many Aryans are also addicted to pornography and gambling. If we have a personal weakness in any of these areas - seek help and don’t put yourself in a position to be tempted.
Get a block on your internet, don’t hang out in bars, or go to casinos. 1 realize alcohol is a part of our heritage, but it has left a path of destruction. I do not know an Aryan family that has not been hurt by alcohol or drugs. Most of the time when people make bad choices with life long consequences, it is under the influence of a mind altering substance. It’s not worth it. We must take the good from the past and leave the bad behind!
2.	We must all have a good work ethic. Get a job or start a business. We cannot be free if we are dependent on others. We must strive to be as independent as possible and not to be slaves to Jewish interest. It is a real challenge learning to live in this world and be a force for God and not getting sucked into it. We cannot conquer and subdue this planet unless we can master it. Yet so many Aryans start achieving and accomplishing good things and they get side tracked into the “American” materialistic culture. We must live simply and use our successes to bless our Aryan cause and its people. If people were more unselfish, then there would be less of a need for things like welfare. The poor will always be with us, but we must learn to truly help them in a way that uplifts them and doesn’t bring us down.
3.	Learn to work professionally even with people we personally don’t like. We cannot overcome the divisiveness of our movement until we can learn to work constructively with others for the common good and learn to compromise on unimportant things without abandoning our values. However, we must never compromise our values for the so-called sake of unity. Often it is best to just do your thing and let them do
theirs. Unity doesn’t always have to mean pursuing the same goals or organizing events together. It often means pursuing the path you feel God has directed you upon and letting the others pursue the path they feel led upon. If either is not truly following in the footsteps of Jesus Christ -it will be shown in the fruits of their labor or lack thereof.
4.	If you are single - you must learn emotional and sexual self control and seek a spouse with Christian character. It is better to be alone than shackled to someone who drags you down. And the time to make that decision is before you are married, not after.
Don’t play games with God’s power of creation and risk bringing an Aryan soul into this world without its birthright of an intact home with 2 loving parents. Its sad, we are raising a whole generation of Aryan boys who have no Dad to show them how to be a Godly man. And Aryan girls are so desperate for the love of a father they run at an early age into the arms of some creepy guy looking for “love.” They make babies without a real Dad in the picture and the sorrow continues in the next generation. Shame on young men who feel it is a game and somehow “manly” to play with a young girls heart to attain sexual gratification for themselves. It is not a girl’s sole responsibility to maintain purity and to reach the marriage alter untarnished. Parents must not support a double standard in their household. God expects young men to live a chaste and moral life as well as young women. It is not Biblical for a young man to “sow his oats” with girls he purports to “love” and then look for a “nice” girl to marry. Fathers must be diligent regarding this training of a son.
I know a lot of us have not been taught properly, or received the love we deserved as children - but we have to make a decision to set an example and make the personal sacrifice necessary to stop carrying on the sins from the past.
No matter what mistakes we have made in the past we can move forward and God will help us improve and turn it into a blessing. If you have children you don’t have custody of - get involved in their lives. No matter how difficult your relationship is with an ex. Do all you can to be a positive example. Move close by, get visitation, pay and do not resent child support lest your children think you resent them. Be a role model in any way possible. Don’t abandon them and move on to new relationships that further take you away from them. Your primary responsibility once you chose to have sex and became a parent is your children - ahead of your own personal happiness or loneliness. Don’t attempt to blend families unless it is in your children’s best interest and desire to do so. Your children need you - even if they are too hurt or angry to show it.
Don’t give up on them!
5.	When you do marry and start a family, learn to love your family unselfishly and encourage them to be their best. As a recent article in The Crusader so excellently describes - create a home that is a refuge from this alien culture. Move to a rural
Continued on Page 11
Page 9
A Gallup poll has examined the ties between religion and preferences at the polls. Analyst Joseph Carroll says the U.S. is still a predominantly Christian nation. Among the Protestants surveyed, 56 percent said they were in favor of President George W. Bush, with 39 percent for Senator John Kerry. Gallup also found the more regular church attendees are even more likely to vote for Bush. Catholics were more closely divided, but gave Kerry the edge: 49 percent to 42 percent. According to the Washington Times, the reason was the conflict between Kerry's Catholic beliefs and his support of abortion rights and embryonic stem-cel I research.
Many Christians who have not been taught the truth
regarding the relationship between the white race and their
Israelite ancestors will in fact vote for Bush because he is such a
strong supporter of the state of Israel. Knights4 spokeswoman
Rachel Pendergraft points out that during national elections
Christians are told by their preachers that if they want to be
blessed they need to vote for politicians who favor the Israeli state.
!|Ep|f. Says Mrs. Pendergraft, “The majority of Christian* grow up knowledgeable with the statement by God LgardiTl descendants of Abraham and Sara... ■Whoever shall hi ? e will bless and whoever shall __________ ■	h	l bless theg /
curse thee I will curse.
statement still stands true But	‘	7“'	'jurse This
flock	astrayby not co^^ZTlh ***
Abraham as the white race Ch#•	&	g	the	children of
peop,e. And God	Wof
people of promise, are under a curseThy^ Wefe^u
Jesus Christ and we’re	'°
°Wn chlld™ Christians across^
I/—	------
bless those who hate blessings from our
Pictured above: Pastor Mel Straight and his wife Bonnie, from Michigan - recently visited With Nat’l Director Thomas Robb and HQ staff in Harrison
will vote for Bush thinking they will reap blessings via his support of the pretend Israelites. ” But don’t think Kerry is any better she says. His support of the false state of Israeli may not rest upon his wrong religious conclusions regarding their ancestry, but support them he does never-the-less.
Business Can Succeed Along Side Christian Ethics
VOO*. 'n

sPokesman
CouW^eKuWux Wan become
potocal part* ot the MW* s what some Rochester vesvdente ate wondering aftet vecewmg lecmWing \ntotmat\on ftom a po\\rica\ path/ wrth t\es to theKKK.
Ws the ta\V. ot Rochestet’s northwest svde.
o
C t rticU (rom At Rochtrttr, N\ news and a photo th»t Picture above is part ®* •“ *	a„4	KWnswomtn	from	around	the country are
r r.v >
mo
“gcio
for a well-known restaurant chain says the company has never regretted keeping its stores closed on Sundays. The comment came in reaction to the recent move in Virginia that accidentally brought back "blue laws" banning work on the Sabbath. The law, passed by legislators and signed by Governor Mark Warner, was meant to clear some old state statutes off the books. But in the process they inadvertently brought back a decades-old "blue law." It reportedly sent many business leaders into a panic. But for some companies, like Chick-fill-A, it is just "no business as usual." Spokesman Jerry Johnston tells Family News In Focus that the company views Sunday closings as a benefit. "And if you look at the numbers, our chain continues to grow — we continue to open new restaurants each year — [and] sales continue to increase," he says. "We've been very blessed as a company." He says the company's founder, Truett Cathy, always believed you could apply biblical principles to business and be successful.
New Poll Says Most Christians Will Vote for Bush - But Why.