The Knights Party / Rev. Thomas Robb, National Director / 870-427-3414 / P. O. Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601 / www.kkk.com
Issue #138
Let us run with endurance the race that is set Before us. J-feBrews 12:1
CHARGES DISMISSED in Klan Literature Case - Massachusetts
Thomas Robb, national director of The Knights reported that he was very pleased with the decision of Judge Mary McCallum to dismiss charges against individuals in Stoughton who had been arrested in 2001 for littering. The three individuals were simply distributing literature-expressing love of heritage. Stoughton Police Chief Manual Cachopa had instructed city police to arrest anyone distributing literature for The Knights and in mere than one instance ordered police to remove the literature from the homes of those receiving it. While not everyone in the community agree with The Knights many were concerned that police would begin taking religious tracts that church volunteers had passed out to their neighbors. It appeared that the First Amendment was under direct attack in Stoughton. To make matters even more complicated. Chief Cachopa allegedly began his campaign to restrict the free dissemination of literature at the command of area organizers of the Anti-Defamation League, a religious Jewish organization often at odds with the Christian community. Cachopa was in direct violation of the Constitution when he attempted to use his public office to further his personal views and possibly career by gaining favor from the ADL.
Says Pastor Robb, “We are very happy with the decision made by Judge McCallum. She upheld our Constitutional right to distribute political information without interference from government authorities. Members and supporters throughout the state are relieved that they can continue their statewide distributions without fear of arrest or reprisal. All they want to do is to share a message of love for their white brothers and sisters. Our literature never presents hatred.”
Ironically, says Mr. Robb, while the ADL and Police Chief Cachopa attempted to undermine freedom of speech, he has seen a resurgence of interest in the white pride message from residents around the state, including law enforcement personnel. Said Mr. Robb, “The entire court battle this past year has been a win -win situation. We couldn’t be happier about it”
Crime in Smalltown, USA
I’m considered a “Racist” because I speak the truth. I don’t hide behind false statistics or manipulated facts, as the NAACP and the ADL do. I simply take the numbers and let them speak for themselves. And I’m called a bigot because I point out the facts. The facts speak for themselves. All we must do is accept them as true.
I live and work in a small town with a population of approximately 3,500 people. The ethnic breakdown of my town is 60% white, 35% Mexican and 5% Black. However, even though the majority of the town is white, the majority of the crimes are committed by non-whites. Not only do the nonwhites commit a majority of the crimes; their crimes are usually the more violent ones in which the victim is white.
I work for a small town police department as a dispatcher. During the month of September, as of the 29th, there were 9 adult arrests. 8 of those arrested were non-white, 7 Mexicans and 1 black. The crimes were as follows:
1.	2 aggravated assaults were reported where two Mexicans chased down and assaulted a white high school student at school with baseball bats. Charges were dropped because the victim fears retaliation from the two Mexicans.
Continued on Page 3
Colleges Really Pushing Gay Agenda
By anonymous
Hie Chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Wilmington (UNCW) sent a memo to all university faculty and staff notifying them that the Executive Cabinet had approved Project B-GLAD, which is designed to foster a more open and "affirming" campus environment for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered students, faculty, and staff. The memo boasted that the program's training sessions have produced over 100 individuals who are now willing to serve as allies for this constituent of our community. The memo also posited recognition of National Coming Out Day as its principal purpose.
Continued on Page 3
The Crusader Published by Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601
Thomas Robb Editor Rachel Pendergraft Asst. Editor
www.kkk.com
Watch This is the Klan Internet TV Show Each Week with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft The FIRST and ONLY Weekly racialist News Broadcast - World Wide
This is the Klan - This is the Truth
Copyright 2002
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $15.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
You may wish to consider remembering The Knights in your will or trust. You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics. You can help support this important cause after you’re gone.
Letters to the Editor
Dear Knights,
1 hope you all are doing well. I attended the White Christian Heritage Festival in Pulaski recently and it was great! My brother is heartbroken that he did not attend. I am thankful that I did. All the people were so impressive. I was shocked at how well everyone behaved, ft was not the “Jerry Springer” Klan that I’ve always seen on the five o’clock news. I came as a spectator to see if it was like your web site said, and to my amazement it was as perfect as I could have ever imagined.
Thanks to Pastor Robb for inviting me to the private meeting later that evening. Although I’m not an associate (officially yet) I felt like family among everyone. I would also like to thank both Pastor Robb and Rachel Pendergraft for signing my flag.
At this time I would like you to review my application that I am enclosing just as I said I would do when we last met, and please consider me in joining your great cause and organization. Thank you so much for your time. God bless you all. God bless our great nation with more like you!
Sincerely, Doyle - Tennessee
Hello,
A big hello to everybody in Arkansas at HQ. ft was great to receive the Crusader. I was inspired by your article stating what walks of life your converts were from, ft goes to show our beliefs are universal - from poor to rich, from butcher to pastor. Our concerns are genuine.
Some stories make me laugh — in total agreement. I love you people so much. Many of my friends read it also - and they couldn’t agree more.
Its time for Christian Europeans all over the world to regain their rights—while they still can. I’ve sent a donation. Sorry its not much but I’m on a strict budget this week.
Sincerely, John and Leanne, Bonnie and Steven Caringbah, Australia
Dear Pastor Robb,
On behalf of my wife and I we wish you all this world has to offer. We pray the tools needed to defend our freedom and our peacefulness. You, Pastor, have stood strong in the free of the enemy. Time after time you have upheld the name of The Knights as an organization that White Christians can be proud to call their own. hi such time of wickedness, and deceit, you. Pastor Robb has not faltered. By God’s Grace, he has allowed you to be the captain of our team. We thank God for a man like you and pray you continue the Lord’s work until he calls otherwise, ft is an honor to serve the Lord through The Knights. May this political arm of God’s movement be the answer the Nation is longing for. In the midst of what may become a world war, may God give you the wisdom and power to call upon your Knights if need be. As the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan presses forward may we all remember the Bible: persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed.
Sincerely, Ralph and Kelly, Florida
Dear Knights,
I just received my beautiful certificate showing my rank of Klanswoman. It is hanging on the wall in my living room right next to my painting of Jesus Christ. I find myself glancing over at it all the time and when I look at the picture of Jesus next to it, I feel good about what Fm doing to promote the cause of white Christian revival. My boyfriend saw it as soon as I got it and started the whole “we arc all brothers” line. I think this relationship is over. I want to have children and I will not have a husband or a father for my children who intend on grooming my children for the New World order. I want white Christian grandchildren one day and I am not going to leave that up to chance. No, I don’t have any hatred for other races (I don’t know anyone that does), but I’m smart enough to know that western civilization isn’t going to continue if it is being turned over to non-whites who historically have seldom, if ever, been able to govern themselves. Mud huts? No thanks!
Please accept my contribution for literature. I travel quite a bit, so I will have plenty of places to leave small pieces of Klan information. I have to be careful where I work (I’m glad you addressed this in my welcome letter) They are into every latest diversity seminar that comes down the pike. Not one suggests that there is ever discrimination against white Christians. Shame on them!
God Bless you! Emily, PA
The Crusader / Page 2
Continued from Page 1
Last year UNCW held a seminar on the legal rights of transgendered persons. The seminar, which was run by a Charlotte attorney, featured two transgendered panelists. The analysis of their job-related legal difficulties was somewhat terse as one panelist admitted that she was not fired after changing gender. It seems that she - formerly he - simply quit. She admitted her resignation posed difficulties for a possible lawsuit for wrongful termination.
The other panelist was employed at Radio Shack before being terminated for disrupting the workplace. She, once a he, admitted to these disruptions by declaring that she "can be a reed b**ch when people get sh**ty" with her." These disruptions were justified in her view because people gave her an "attitude" about the sex change. She had no lawsuit pending for obvious reasons.
Having disposed of the complex legal issues involved in the cases of these two transgendered persons, the attorney then moved on to answer more serious questions such as "which bathroom does a transgendered person useT
Excerpt from an Article about The Knights -
The national office of The Knights gives hundreds of interviews every month to all types of people in all parts of the world. The Bible says that God’s word will not return void. It is not our responsibility to win the fight that belongs to God - although we are promised to be victors with Him. But rather it is our responsibility to get the word out. While no article is going to be written that glorifies the Klan, we consistently get fair coverage and a number of contacts and interested persons from the media work we do. We consider an article good if it puts forth accurately a number of our beliefs and if it quotes correctly any dialogue given during an interview. Of course we have to look past the usual “racist, bigot, hater’' language. Even if the reporter doesn’t include that in his article - 9 times out of 10 the story editor will add it for some extra pizzaz! However, for those seriously looking for political alternatives and who have a genuine concern for their racial family then they can see past the writer’s rhetoric and look at the basic quotes or beliefs mentioned. The excerpt below accurately sums up many of the beliefs of The Knights. And so although it contains the usual “they are haters” mantra - this is a good article. It will accomplish what God set forth.
From Southern California:
The Knights is the Klan’s polished new face, and that face is starting to show itself here.
The Knights isn’t a bunch of hood-wearing criminals, according to the group’s “literature.” The members don’t hate peqple of other races, whom they politely refer to as minorities. They just don’t want those minorities going to the same schools, worshipping at the same churches, belonging to the same organizations or serving in the same government - the American government - as white people do.
A photograph of The Knights director (not “wizard,”) on their web page shows a middle - aged man wearing a conservative, dark suit and tie.
Over the phone and in his “literature,” his is disdainful of those who usually represent the Klan on TV
They don’t belong to his progressive Knights Party. His members do not, he preaches (he is a pastor), act out of hate for racial minorities, but merely out of love for their white “race family.”
And they’re not a brotherhood. They’re a political party.
In other words, The Knights party is the new racism. Women are encouraged to fight side by side with the men. They don’t use racial slurs. And you probably agree with some of their party’s platform.
For instance, one plank of that platform is encouraging the use of solar power and other environmentally sound forms of energy.
Another of The Knights stances is against the oppression of women. Women are equal to men in the eyes of God and the Klan, according to more “literature.”
They want to “insure the inalienable right to bear arms” just like plenty of people right here in this city.
It all sounds perfectly normal. Almost.
They want to use environmentally friendly energy - to preserve the Earth for the white race.
They look at women as equals - to help them protect their families against the “threat” of violent minorities and those prominority messages that lurk everywhere.
They want to protect the right to bear arms- and encourage every white adult to own a gun. But they don’t say why they want every white adult to own a gun.
The Knights may be the most insidious, deceitful and dangerous manifestation of this racist organization yet. {Ed Meaning there is nothing hateful in our literature that they can reprint — or they would have — to them that is deceitful)
‘The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan is organizing in Your Area! A flyer distributed gushes excitedly.
Let that be a call to arms not to this area’s true minorities, the racists bound by hatred and fear, but to the rest of us.
Continued from Page 1
2.	1 assault/domestic disturbance was reported where a Mexican came home drunk and found his girlfriend moving out She was put in the hospital and he spent less than 12 hours in jail. Charges are still pending.
3.	1 parole violation where a white man was on parole for aggravated DWI (more than 3 DWI’s in a year) and was arrested for Public Intoxication and sent back to finish his 18 month sentence.
4.	1 forger was reported where a Mexican stole prescription pads from numerous doctors in the area and was trying to get prescriptions filed at Walmart when he was arrested. The man was released due to a “lack of evidence” even though he was caught on video at Walmart and the prescription pads were in his possession at the time of his arrest.
5.	1 Aggravated DWI in which a Mexican was arrested for his 5“ DWI in 6 months. He spent one nigbt in county jail.
6.	2 drug charges in which two Mexicans, who were known drug dealers, were pulled over on a traffic stop and five pounds of marijuana was found in the truck. Charges are pending. Thetwo Mexicans spent less than 2 hours in jail.
7.	1 Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon was reported
at the home of an interracial couple. The man shot his
wife with a 9 mm pistol. She survived but the guy got out
on bail and skipped town. r ..	.	n	A
FF	Continued on Page 4
The Crusader / Page 3
Continued from Page 3 (Small Town Crime)
As the facts indicate, although the more serious crimes were committed by the non-whites, it was the white man who received the harsher punishment. While the nonwhites are still free o commit more crimes. To point out these facts is called racist.
These are the statistics from a small town. This could be any town in America. If this is the kind of Reverse Discrimination against white people in Small town, USA, I cafh only imagine how my white brothers and sisters are being treated in much bigger cities across this nation.
Continued from Page 3 (University’s Gay Agenda)
After answering legal questions, the attorney then took some time to announce her candidacy as a Democrat for a judicial opening in Charlotte. She also informed the audience that her principal reason for running was to lend support to the gay agenda from behind the bench. I am sure that this kind of campaigning adds to the perception that the university has become politically slanted despite all the emphasis on "diversity."
This is not limited to the Wilmington campus. Recently, the administration at UNC Chapel Hill encouraged a study, which has produced a recommendation for a Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgendered, and Queer-Identilled Persons (LGBTQ) Life and Study Center. The study, initiated by the Provost, also contained recommendations for a new "Queer Studies" major. It was suggested that the UNC system is "behind the times" when compared to universities in California.
On a recent visit to the San Francisco State University website, I found one such major that included courses such as "Queer Art History," "Homophobia and Coming Out," "Research in Sexual Identity," and "Field Service in Human Sexuality Studies." What most people consider being perverse is now being embraced and promoted as a legitimate field of academic study through the use of public tax dollars. Taxpayers arc expected to support these initiatives in the name of "tolerance.”
In September 2000, our university sponsored a gay
“Christian” speaker who argued that homosexuality was not
incompatible with the Bible. The speaker also ridiculed the idea
of therapy designed to rid people of their homosexual tendencies.
While arguing that homosexuality is not a disease, university gay
activists regularly assert that opposition to homosexuality is a
disease. Many post stickers on their office doors making that
very assertion. „ ^	„	_
Continued on Page 5
Tobacco is a NO! NO! For Students -Yet, Schools say its OK to be Queer
A growing number of public schools across America are testing students for tobacco, as well as for alcohol and illegal drugs. One pro-family leader says in doing so, schools demonstrate they have a double standard — because at the same time they legitimize a far more damaging lifestyle choice: homosexuality.
Some schools like Hoover High School in Alabama are administering urine tests to teenagers to find out if they have been using tobacco. Hoover athletic director Ron Swann said that last year; nearly 700 of the school's 1,500 student athletes were screened for drug use.
But Bob Knight of the Culture and Family Institute says while schools like Hoover may be deterring cigarette use, they are foiling to discourage more harmful lifestyle choices. " The schools have a double-standard They think smoking is the greatest of evils — and it's not good for you, that's true-but they ’re turning a blind eye to the destruction caused by their promotion of promiscuous sex before marriage and homosexuality," Knight says. "These [activities] are at least as dangerous, if not more so, than smoking, and [schools] ought to be dissuading kids from that instead ofsteering them toward it” Homosexual activities, Knight says, carry with them a big risk. IHomosexual behavior, in particular, is well documented to have enormous medical risks — everything from AIDS to syphilis, gonorrhea, all sorts of intestinal parasites. I'd go on, but the list is too long" he says. "It also has emotional and spiritual implications."
"If you see a boy or a girl who's confused about their sexuality, the last thing you should do is steer them toward homosexuality -- it's a tragic choice."
According to Knight, research shows that those who choose to engage in homosexual behavior have a much shorter life expectancy than cigarette smokers do. He says cigarettes can take about seven years off a person's life, but the International Journal of Epidemiology has documented that homosexuality takes from seven to 20 years off a young man's life.
Physicians Meeting Passes Homo Parent Resolution
A pro-fomily group is denouncing a resolution passed at a convention of medical doctors recently, which endorses homosexual adoption rights.
The American Academy of Family Physicians, an organization representing more than 93,000 members, supported the resolution at its three-day convention in San Diego.
Cybercast News quotes the president of the AAFP, Warren Jones, who defended it as being primarily concerned with the well being of children, regardless of the parent's sexual orientation. Jones also described the final result as a "compromise" to "help advocated for children."
But Peter Sprigg, director of cultural studies with the Family Research Council, is not buying that. He says the resolution was the work of homosexual activism in the doctor's group. In fact, he says, such a resolution runs contrary to the long-term best interests of children.
As Sprigg puts it: "We know that the most safe and nurturing environment of any child is to be with a mother and father who are married to one another." The agenda of homosexual activists is to force mainstream organizations to affirm homosexual behavior as healthy and acceptable - especially those organizations within the medical and religious communities.
"Casual observers of the pro-homosexual movement may not recognize this, but children are being used as pawns to achieve these ends," Sprigg said. "Family physicians, of all people, must recognize and protect children from a harmful lifestyle and the potentially dangerous environment of homosexuality"
The Crusader / Page 4
"Nation Wide Yard Sale"
We want to thank Dave in NC for this great idea - Thank you
Many times we are asked to help The Knights in a monetary way and many rise to the challenge, though for whatever reasons, countless numbers never respond with financial support. We are not a mainstream organization; therefore associates and supporters cannot expect The Knights Party to receive grants or funding through traditional means that most groups utilize. The result is that you can count on being solicited for funds constantly and continually. This is a way of life for Hie Knights, give when you can as much as you can. One conversation at the 2002 Congress centered on the topic of alternate (meaning additional, NOT instead of) ways to fund The Knights. Regardless of the reasons, you have not sent pledges, funds for projects or donations. One idea was developed which leaves no excuse for not sending in much needed income.
The concept is simple, "A yard sale." That's right! We are challenging each associate/unit to hold a yard sale with the proceeds to go to The Knights. During the winter months you will have ample time to begin gathering things to sell. Beginning in March most parts of the US will begin having nice weekends - perfect for your yard sale. It's really a simple and "low-impact" way to generate dollars. First, buyers will never know where the money is going, they'll just think it's a regular yard sale. Secondly, there is next to no associated cost to you, it's stuff you are willing to part with anyway, and you're looking at half a day on a Saturday. Thirdly, the money of non-associates (even non-whites) will be working to the benefit of The Knights, instead of working against us.
That's not all! Associates, you are competing by state and as individuals to see which person/unit and statewide total can raise the most money for The Knights. When you send in you checks or money orders be sure that you mark in the memo from “yard sale” so you and your state can be credited toward tallying a winner. From what I recall folks from Massachusetts, Indiana, and North Carolina seemed eager to get the ball rolling. This is something everyone can do and there is no excuse for each associate/unit not being able to clean out their closets, attics, and garages and raise a hundred dollars each for White Christian Revival. Look for this to be an annual or even biannual event.
A separate idea that stemmed from the conversation is that two associates from Georgia who are partner owner/operators of a pawn shop decided at Congress 2002 that they are going to add a dollar to the price of each item they sell to go to The Knights. Just another innovative way to have other people unsuspectingly support White Christian Revival.
Continued from Page 4 _______________________________
Last summer when the university announced its first gay scholarship, they made it clear that it was funded with private money. That emphasis demonstrates the university’s awareness that the agenda it is pushing is one that the taxpayers do not support. However, there is much that the public does not know about the extent of the university's involvement in this agenda.
The constitutionally protected speech in this article is designed to change that. If the university cannot defend itself in the court of public opinion then it is change, rather than secrecy, that is needed. And the change that is needed does not come in the form of the vast majority relinquishing its values for the sake of the radical minority.
A Bible Lesson : Fuel for the Movement
By Nancy
Malachi 3:10-11
Bring all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now, herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if 1 will not open for you the windows of heaven, and pour out for you a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it. And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground: Neither shall your vine cast it’s fruit before the time in the field, saith the Lord of hosts.
The Crusader / Page 5
How many blessing can you find in two verses PROMISED by the Lord to tithers?
1—	that there may be meat in my house—I won't be hungry
2—	prove me now —eye witness to the power of God (now that's a good one, the power of God in our lives and all our activities, we will be stronger than ever!)
3—	I will open for you the windows of Heaven—PROMISED REVIVAL (isn't that what we're trying to obtain?)
4—	pour out for you a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it~unbelievable blessings for those that tithe, so many blessing we won't be able to contain ourselves.
5—	I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes—promised doom and destruction of the evil doers, those that would do us harm will be rebuked for our sakes by God.
6—	he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground—your investments protected
7—	neither shall your vine cast its fruit before the time in the field- vine to me implies family, so from that I find protection and blessings and revival for our families.
There are so many great and glorious blessing from two verses. From this I glean that if we want prosperity for ourselves, our
Continued on Page 6
families and our country, tithing is the most important first step we can take, and since our main objective is White Christian revival and the blessing of God on our race and our country all members mast tithe. Such a little thing to ask by one who has given so much.
Now it is most imperative that we tithe--Words from God implore us to do so -for the salvation, preservation and prosperity of our race and our country. We have no better course of action to follow than to do what has been asked of us, so God can fulfill His Promises to us, as He wishes to do.
Klan recruits in Hi-Desert
MORONGO BASIN — Flyers circulated throughout the Morongo Basin announce the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are organizing in Joshua Tree.
At 3:57 p.m. Saturday, the sheriffs department was called with ! a report that subjects were passing out the flyers at Wal-Mart in ! Yucca Valley.
The reporting party did not know how many were involved. When the deputies arrived, the subjects were gone, but they did find the flyers.
The flyer was pushed through the mail slots of the Joshua Tree Chamber of Commerce and other Joshua Tree businesses after normal working hours Monday.
The flyer listed the goals and beliefs of The Knights Party and also the telephone number of national director Thomas Robb at The Knights headquarters in Arkansas
"We do have members in Joshua Tree," Robb said when he was contacted at that number Tuesday. "All they're doing is putting the literature out."
Robb said members occasionally will pass out information on the Knights to recruit new members.
"It's just a matter of getting the information out to the people " he said. “Part of the goal is to inform people what the Klan is "really like," not what it is depicted as cm the nightly news and shows like "Jerry Springer," he said.
The flyers call the Knights of the Klan a political organization hoping to run members for public office throughout the nation. "Our goal is political power," they state.
California High School Ushers In Satanism Club
A California pastor is saddened, but not surprised, that a local public high school is allowing students to participate in a Satanism club on campus.
Parents and Christian leaders were outraged after learning that it was announced on the San Mateo High School loudspeaker that a Satanism club had been started. 35 students attended the first meeting of the Satanic Thought Society during the school's lunch hour.
A day later, David Azzarello, pastor of nearby Redwood Baptist Church, warned principal Jacqueline McEvoy of the consequences of permitting such a club.
"Whenever somebody does not stand up for truth, then of course the devil comes in with his lies," Azzarello says. "That's
exactly what's happened today in America - and it’s very sad because this was one nation founded upon God, and not just any kind of god, but the true God."
The club's members say their goal is to divide church and state completely. But Azzarello -- who has sent a letter requesting that he be allowed to address the Satanism club at one of their meetings - says the club is just another sign of the evil times in which we live.
"Unfortunately, the devil has used many folks that are anti-God, in the guise of separation of church and state, to be able to start stripping our foundation, undermining our foundation, [and] taking out God wherever God is prevalent," the Baptist pastor says.
Protective Nature of Unborn Child Ruled Valid Argument
The Michigan Court of Appeals says a pregnant woman has a right to use deadly force to protect the life of her unborn baby -- even if her own life is not threatened.
In making the unanimous ruling, the appeals court overturned the manslaughter conviction of Jacklyn Kurr. The case stemmed from a quarrel involving Kurr and her boyfriend, father of the baby. Kurr testified that when he punched her in the stomach, she responded by stabbing him in the chest, killing him. At the time, she was 16 to 17 weeks pregnant. She eventually miscarried During her initial trial, the jury rejected her argument that she was acting in self-defense and sentenced her to 5 to 20 years in prison. But in reversing that conviction, the appeals court has ordered a new trial, saying the trial judge should have let her argue that she was defending not only herself but also - in the court's words — "her unborn child."
The New York Times quotes a lawyer for the pro-abortion Center for Reproductive Law and Policy who says the appeals court decision is consistent with Supreme Court rulings in such cases. Linda Rosenthal says when a woman is carrying a wanted pregnancy, that decision is protected by the Constitution 1 and she has a right to protect that child. This Jewess, however, thinks an unwanted child should be discarded like yesterday’s trash.
Human Chip Idea Growing In Popularity
A Washington forum debated on Friday the benefits and I hazards posed by a new way of identifying people with a I microchip implanted under their skin to replace conventional paper identification.
The heated debate at the National Academies, a non-profit think-tank advising the government on matters of technology and [ science, focused on the threat to individual privacy versus the I convenience of switching to a chip.
Implanted microchips have long been used in the animal I kingdom, to track wildlife and to help pet owners recover their I lost animals, but the idea of using them on humans has sparked I fierce criticism from scientists and privacy advocates alike.
"We have absolutely no data about this particular product 1 and about the implications over the long term if Americans are
The Crusader / Page 6
Continued on Page 7
Continued from Page 6
chippedMarc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington, said.
Applied Digital Solutions Inc. ADSX.O says its glass capsule the size of a grain of rice, injected into forearms and other fleshy body parts, could help authorities find missing persons and speed up medical diagnosis treatment.
The VeriChip, a scannable device worn under the skin and encrypted with personal information like medical records and emergency contacts, was unveiled last year in Florida.
So far about 20 people have been "chipped," including an entire family in Florida.
"7 can't feel them at all," said Richard Seeling, an Applied Digital executive who has implanted two microchips into his right forearm to test the product. "Most of the time I forget they're there until someone asks about it"
Seeling said the chips were both painless and safe but scientists at the National Academies said too little was known about the device and warned it could pose health risks like infections and immunity disorders for bearers.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ruled in October it would not regulate the device so long as it was not used for medical purposes such as diagnosis.
This left Applied Digital free to market the chip for personal identification and security, for instance locating missing children or identifying car accident victims.
"I do think there could be beneficial uses, particularly for Alzheimer's patients, but on a large scale this is essentially a system of control," Rotenberg said.
Privacy advocates worry the microchip could spell the end of anonymity in the United States, particularly if authorities began requiring people to wear them to meet conditions of parole, employment or border crossings.
Seeling said each chip costs about $200, and that scanner devices needed to read the data would be targeted for sale to police, hospitals, schools and other agencies across the United States.
Deport the Haitians
Florida Congressman Mark Foley believes the people of his state are fed up with the illegal alien problem and want the Immigration and Naturalization Service to deport about 250 Haitian boat people who recently arrived in Miami. Foley says a clear message must be sent: the Haitians simply cannot be allowed to stay. He says people in Haiti, Cuba, and Central America who are risking their lives to get to the United States need to know they will be sent home — otherwise, he says, "you can expect a flotilla of boats leaving' these countries. According to Foley, Americans are fed up with illegal immigration and want to see strong borders. As Foley puts it: "It's not being discriminatory, it's not being hurtful; it’s being American and proud to protect the sovereignty of this country and the borders of our land."
One of the nation's leading advocates for immigration reform says few, if any, of the Haitians recently picked up off the coast of Florida will ever be deported as immigration laws require. Tom Tancredo is Chairman of the House Immigration Reform Caucus. He says the Immigration and Naturalization Service has an obligation to the American people to deport the Haitian boat people, but the INS will not do it. Tancredo says that is the way the INS does business. He adds that the INS is "an agency so
mismanaged and so unable to enforce the law that it has to be abolished — and we have to start over from square one."
Gay Student Leader at “Christian “ School Gets to Keep His Post
A Christian group's request that an openly homosexual student relinquishes his leadership role has caused controversy at Central College in Pella, Iowa. Some students even say the fellowship group itself should be kicked off campus. Brad Clark remains student body president at Central, which has a nondiscrimination policy. But he was asked to step down from his role organizing worship services for InterVarsity Christian Fellowship. That move prompted the student senate to review the fellowship's constitution which states that InterVarsity does not discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation but holds its leaders to a "higher standard." After floor debate, student leaders voted to continue to recognize the group on campus.
Christians Must Stay Strong in Opposition to Homosexuality
The founder of a Wisconsin-based Christian activist group says it is time for the Christian Church in American to stand up to the unBiblical claims made by homosexuals. Mel White, leader of the pro-homosexual group Soulforce, and his male partner recently moved into a house directly across the street from Pastor Jerry Falwell's Thomas Road Baptist Church in Lynchburg, Virginia. Mel White served as a speechwriter for Falwell and other evangelists for over 20 years, even though he was a queer.
Pastor Ralph Ovadal, director of Wisconsin Christians United, says Christians need to stand against the claims made by homosexuals who use their interpretations of the Bible to support their amoral beliefs. Ovadal says they are trying to disciple the world around them into accepting those beliefs which, he says, are "of the devil." Having read their literature and knowing their "clever" methodology, Ovadal declares it "a total assault on God's Word." He warns that if unsuspecting people do not understand the Bible and what it really says about homosexuality, some of them are going to be convinced the homosexual viewpoint is acceptable. Ovadal recently led a group of supporters to White's house where they proclaimed the Biblical truth about homosexuality.
BeltWay-Spiper / Muslim Connection Down Played
A best-selling author and conservative columnist says the mainstream media is blatantly trying to cover up the fact that Beltway sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad is, in feet, a Muslim. Ann Coulter writes in Townhall.com that there are some cold, hard facts about the suspect. For one, he is a Muslim, converting to that religion 17 years ago; and he changed his name to John Muhammad. He also belonged to Louis Farrakhan's Nation of Islam and cheered the September 11 terrorist attacks on America. Coulter says inasmuch as America
Continued on Page 9
The Crusader / Page 7
T-shirts $17.00 each (S, M, L, X I- XXL or XXXL add$3.00) designs are over heart - full color order anything on this page from Christian Concepts, P.O. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601
Vi	'RP
It s LOVE
not HATE
KS-24
THE SKIcfNAl

kklA
m
L«f	M: MlII * Lw \
They may taka your flay
KjngMtgftNKii<iHxKbH
4g>
w*
Bat lib* dwmte tlh*y take min*1
"Uai <er Aewner
KS-26
KS-23

m		1
9R	0:	
	m	V
OTmb, ^in anb ^atinn
**<• sim to pi i*a t Dots :vx‘
/)»'<? f
KS-10
v# ■££■
47. Ft
V,, A
KS-25		KS-15		KS-13	
KS-2
Any of the above designs can be ordered in a hat instead of KS in front of the stock number use BC. Hats are on a white cao. mesh back, foam front. $10.00
You wear your x



arid n>K
KS-22
Videos $15.00
Why The Knights?
This is the Klan Conservatives can’t save America.
There is Hopei Take Back America! Christianity /Destroyed in the courts
2001 Congress Highlights Enemy at the Gates (Israel’s part in 9/11 attacks White Christian Foundation of America!
Ruby Ridge Massacre
Key Chains-$6.00
♦	Round “blood drop” gold metal key chain
♦	Traditional Horseman on rectangular black background
♦	Blood drop on rectangular black background with letters KKK
♦	Rebel flag keychain on black rectangular backing
♦	Rebel flag keychain in clear plastic casing.
HAT/LAPEL PINS
$3-00 each
♦	Blood Drop Pin
♦	Klansman on a horse Pin
♦	KKK shield Pin
♦	Confederate Flag Pin
♦	I Love Jesus Pin
♦	Blood Drop Pin with letters KKK below
♦	Irish Shamrock
KKK watch-Men’s or Women’s $40.00 each
Cross lighting Picture in frame - $15.00
National Office Picture in Frame - $15.00
N.B. Forrest Picture In Frame-$15.00
Large Confederate Flag Umbrella $16.00
KKK Pens - with P.O. box and web address on pen $1.00 each
Jewelry $5.00
Blood Drop earrings (fish hook) Blood Drop necklace Blood Drop Tie Clip with chain
	
FLAGS*Fl_AGS*FLAGS*FLAGS* I	
$15.00 American Flag	Christian Flag
Confederate Flag	Blood Drop with KKK
Confederate Flag with Celtic Cross and KKK Bonnie Blue	Rebel Flag Decal $2.00
Don’t Tread On Me	
Continued from Page 7
is at war against Islamic terrorists, the public might think it would be of passing interest that the sniper suspect is a Muslim. And yet, she says. The New York Times and other mainstream media outlets have decided that the crucial, salient fact about Muhammad is that he is a Gulf War veteran. In addition. Coulter says not to be outdone by the Times, CNN has valiantly insisted upon calling John Allen Muhammad by his Christian name — John Allen Williams.
Negro says Bush Promotes Blacks More than Clinton Did
One of the nation's prominent black conservatives is blasting an Arkansas organization for inducting Bill Clinton as an honorary inductee. Author Toni Morrison (Mice dubbed Bill Clinton as "our first black president." Now the former president has become the first non-black to be recognized by the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame in Little Rock. The ABHF founder says Clinton was selected as an inductee because of his appointment of blacks to high levels of government. But Jesse Lee Peterson of the Brotherhood Organization of a New Destiny says President Bush, in contrast, has appointed blacks to much higher positions in his administration — but that feet does not matter to the ABHF. Peterson says the founder of the Arkansas organization doubted President Bush would make it into the ABHF because he and Bush did not agree on other issues. Peterson does not recommend anyone visit the Little Rock facility because, as he puts it: "It is not for people of good will. It is for the evil and the immoral. It is for the degenerate. It's not for the just" Peterson adds that President Bush, Secretary of State Colin Powell, and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice should have nothing to do with the place.
Mexico Issuing ID Cards to Illegals in U.S.
A Washington-based immigration reform group says the Mexican government is issuing consular identification cards to Mexican citizens who are in the United States illegally. In addition, the central government of Mexico is lobbying state and local government authorities in the U.S. to accept these cards just as they would a green card. It appears to be a simple attempt to "legalize" an otherwise illegal alien: enter the United States illegally and make your way to a Mexican Consulate, where Mexican authorities issue you a consular ID card — complete
Tforch
Published by Thomas Robb ministries Edited by Nathan and Anna Robb
Christian news, views, and Bible teaching
for White Christians
www.christlanidentity.tv Write for a Sample Copy: PD Box 354, Bergman, Arkansas 72615 /12 issue sob - $15 donation
The
with a new, U.S. address. Jim Staudenraus, with the Federation for American Immigration Reform, says these cards are prima fecie evidence that the person holding that card is here illegally -not legally, as it is intended to appear. Staudenraus says if a person is in this country from Mexico on any basis other than legally, they will not possess valid forms of U.S. identification. And, Staudenraus says, the U.S. should not be pressured into accepting as valid identification something that the U.S. has no control over whatsoever.
Aryan
You got it from your father.
It was all he had to give So it’s yours to Guard and Cherish, For as long as you may live.
If you lost the Watch he gave you It can always be replaced But a mixture in our Blood,
Can never be erased
It was clean the day you got it And a Worthy Race to Bear, When He got it from His Father, There was No Dishonor There.
So be sure to guard it wisely. After all is said and done,
He’ll be glass his Race is Spotless. When you pass it to your Son.
By Wendy - a Knight
How is Removal of 10 Commandments a Victory?
By Randy - Tennessee - Knight (Randy was able to get this article (and others) printed in his local paper — good joblI
Every time a depiction of the 10 Commandments is taken down somewhere in America, groups like the ADL and the ACLU applaud this so-called ‘Victory for religious freedom.”
My question is how is taking the Ten Commandments out of the courtroom a victory? Or should I be saying ‘It was a victory for the ACLU?”
James Madis n stated, “We have staked the future of American civilization upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God.”
• / Page 9	Continued	on	Page	11
KKK Cross Flag $15.00
Large Rebel Flag Umbrella $16.00
Small window Flag with suction cup -$5.00
Heritage NOT Hate / Rebel Flag $15.00
REBEL FLAG TOTE BAG
Natural colored tote bag with large rebel flag on it and the word REBEL-sturdy and durable $9.00
FLAG of the ALAMO!
(Not shown)
Illegal aliens overrunning our borders say they want Texas back - but it was never theirs’. Hy the flag of the famous Alamo battle that led to Texas Independence.
$15.00
REBEL
Vanity/License
Plate
I lightweight Rebel “ear tag”. I .arge Confederate Flag design.
$5.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Decal - $2.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Bumper Sticker — $4.00
Rebel Car Antenna Flag -
$6.00
PAGE TAPES
These are the 3 tapes to listen to for the first step to Knighthood / educational and enjoyable / with Pastor Robb and Mrs. Pendergrall /includes rank info and instructions.
$21.00
ORDER ANYTHING ON THIS PAGE FROM CHRISTIAN CONCEPTS PO BOX 2222, HARRISON, AR 72601 IF USING A CREDIT CARD YOU CAN ALSO CALL YOUR ORDER IN
870-427-3414
SQUIRE BOOKS
After you have listened to the tapes and become a Page - this is your next step before taking your Knighthood exam. Ihree books selected for you by I IQ - includes instructions
$15.00
INFORMATIONAL LEAFLETS FOR DISTRIBUTION
$8.00 PER 50 OR $15.00 PER 100
Economic Tyranny over America — quotes on $ from famous people, exposes corruption of international bankers and politicians.
Truth Tract on Gun Rights with quotes from founding fathers - dispels myths put out by anti-gun fanatics.
Martin Luther King Truth Sheet - lists examples of Kings Communist affiliation, sexual dcviancy, violent rhetoric, etc. Why he should not have a holiday — lists sources
Ik a Winner with The Knights - political tract about 'The Knights - simple and direct.
You Can Be a Hero Asks the reader to consider the future of their children and join with others in becoming heroes for their families.
Introduction to The Knights Tells about Ihc Knights with a short bio of Thomas Robb / includes application.
The Knights is Organizing in YOUR city -1 lave this leaflet personalized for your city or county. Contains political message about white Christian rights.
The Public School Religion - Talks about the humanist/Judeo influence now in the public schools - its fruit are racemixing and homosexuality among the youth. Why are these groups targeting your children? I Yotecl your kids
Continued from page 9
'Our laws and our institutions must necessarily be based upon and must embody teachings of the Redeemer of Mankind It is impossible for it to be otherwise; and in this sense and this extent, our civilization and our institutions are emphatically Christian. This is a religious people. This is historically true. From the discovery of this continent to the present hour, there is a single voice making this affirmation...These are not individual sayings or declarations of private individuals; they’re organic utterances; they speak the language of the entire people...These and many other matters which might be noticed, add volume of unofficial declarations to the mass of organic utterances that this is a Christian nation.” Church of the Holy Trinity vs. United States -1892 decision.)
“ Whatever strikes at the root of Christianity tends manifestly to the dissolution of government.” (People vs. Ruggles — 1811)
I don’t call attacking the Christian religion a victory.
Ministerial Association Expels Pastor for Being Too Outspoken in Defense of the Unborn
A worldwide charismatic ministry has expelled a Kansas pastor because he was active in the pro-life movement. The Tulsa, Oklahoma, based RHEMA Ministerial Association revoked the ordination of Mark Holick, pastor of the Spirit One Christian Center in Wichita. For the last two years, Holick and other area pastors have protested at the abortion clinic of Dr. George Tiller, who is called the most infamous late-term abortionist in the world by the Christian pro-life group Operation Save America In a letter to a New Jersey pastor, Holick said ministry officials told him, his wife, and church leaders to stay away from abortion clinics forever. Holick says he was dismissed by RHEMA without a hearing, and contends he has done nothing immoral, unbiblical, or illegal. According to Charisma News, Rhema’s Tulsa-based attorney Tim Winters said while the ministry is not for abortion, RHEMA leaders were advised to remove Holick’s license because his pro-life activism could lead to lawsuits against the ministry.
Arkansas School Districts Lose Control To State
The Governor of Arkansas says a ruling by the State Supreme Court presents lawmakers with an unprecedented challenge. Last week, the court said Arkansas has failed its 450,000 public school students by not giving enough money to schools and by distributing the funds unfairly. The justices have given the Arkansas legislature 13 months to create a new school-funding formula. Governor Mike Huckabee says the ruling puts an end to local control.
"This court ruling is going to have as dramatic a structural change on education in Arkansas as perhaps anything — as much as, if not more so, than the decision to integrate schools [in Brown v. Board of Education/,” Huckabee says. (Ed. We would have to disagree that much of anything could be worse than Brown v. Board of Education - but this is still very wrong) “ What it essentially does is move all responsibility for our schools, including facilities, from local districts to the state.”
The governor calls the decision an example of judicial activism — and one that only an actual change in the stale constitution could negate.
“I think it stretches beyond anything that has ever happened in a court decision as it relates to public-school funding - and public-school adequacy, as it relates all the way down to facilities and equipment,” he says. “It’s one of those unfortunate situations where you don’t have to agree with it, but you do have to comply with it.”
Huckabee says the decision has made the state the statewide school board; and at best, he says, local school boards would have an advisory role - they would implement policy but not create or set it.
Christian Advocacy Group Fights Legal Battle Over Contributions
A North Carolina pro-life group is challenging a law that forbids it from donating money directly to political candidates. The case will be decided by the U.S. Supreme Court. According to The Washington Post, North Carolina Right to Life is challenging the federal law that prohibits corporate contributions to candidates. Hie tax-exempt, not-for-profit organization says it is funded by voluntary contributions from supporters. For that reason, the pro-life group contends that the First Amendment guarantee of free speech gives it the right to donate money from its own treasury directly to candidates, a practice that would be forbidden if it were a for-profit corporation. Earlier this year, the Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with North Carolina Right to Life, ruling on a 2-1 vote that the risk of corruption associated with corporate donations to candidates is not present with a non-profit advocacy organization. But that decision conflicted with a decision in a different case by the Sixth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. So the Justice Department has asked the Supreme Court to review the matter. This case is important to the future of third parties and political advocacy organizations such as The Knights. The Lord continues to remove obstacles to our political fight.
Washington Officers Visit HQ
Pastor Mark Downy and Knights’ spokeswoman Debbie Downy made a recent visit to HQ from their home state of Washington. Everyone had a good time visiting with these life long activists. Debbie also serves as a moderator at stormfront.org and both conduct regular meetings and travel throughout Washington state.
The Crusader / Page 11
Knights' Party Activity Report
Literature Distributions listed by City/State/News Agency
New Site, Alabama Spanaway, WA York, PA San Clemente, CA Wilk Barre, PA Guntown, MS Oklahoma City, OK Denver City, TXJ West Palm Beach, FL Stoughton, MA Cincinnati, OH Kingsport, TN Enid, OK Boston, MA Woodruff; SC Hamilton, OH Suffolk, VA Princeton, FL Bloomington, IL Moberly, MO Kansas City, MO West Haven, CT McEwen, TN Inkster, MI Rocklin, CA Rockford, EL Fordyce, AR Harrison, AR Robertsville, MO Robersdale, AL Millvile, NJ Lancaster, PA Hudson, FL Jackson, MS Memphis, TN Chicago, IL Duimellon, FL Beverly Mil, FL Lecanto, FL Inverness, FL Jacksonville, FL Fuguaya Varina, NC Raleigh, NC Spokane, WA Billings, MT Cheyenne, WY Dallas, TX Lebanon, TN Jackson, TN Denmark TN Newport, TN Beford, PA Jerome, ID Mountain Home, ID Boise, ID Idaho Falls, ID Twin Falls, ID West Memphis, AR Galloway, AR LittleRock AR Parkway, KY Pendleton, KY Denver, CO Burlington, CO Richmond, VA Casper, WY Hanahan, SC Goose Creek, SC James Island, SC
Ml Pleasant, SC Kemesville, NC Colfax, NC Greensboro, NC Concord, AR Banner, AR Drasco, AR Longview, TX HallsviUe, TX Myrtle Beach, SC Charleston, SC Summerville, SC Lake Geneva, WI Pulaski, TN Knoxville, TN Milan, IN Fort Wayne, IN Yucca Valley, CA Fresno, CA Glendale, CA Berryville, AR Fayetteville, AR Springfield, MO Joplin, MO Nebraska City, NE Creston, LA Paris, MO Shanendoah, LA Des Moines, LA Fort Collins, CO Lincoln, NE Fairbanks, AK Mt. Home, AR Boliver, TN Conway, AR Hot Springs, AR Camden, AR Brockton, MA Canton, MA East Bridgewater, MA Sharon, MA Randolph, MA Joshua Tree, CA Los Angeles, CA Lubbock TX Odessa, TX Abilene, TX Catonsville, MD Randal lstown, MD Essex, MD Carson City, NV Las Vegas, NV Waters, MI Caledonia, MI Paw Paw, MI Saginaw, MI Arm Arbor, MI Indianapolis, IN Evansville, IN Phoenix, AZ Benton, AZ Kalamazoo, MI Tucson, AZ Las Cruces, NM Lansing, MI Pittsburg, PA Madison, WI Rockville, IN SL Joseph, MO
Lexington, KY Manchester, VT Lebanon, VT Brown Mills, NJ Princeton, NJ Lakewood, NJ Pleasantville, NJ Huron, SC Portland, OR Prescott, AZ Columbus, OH Cleveland, OH Tuscumbia, AL Huntsville, AL Enterprise, AL Gadsden, AL Bloomington, IN Terre Haute, IN Marlon, IN Logansport, IN Kokomo, IN Fort Wayne, IN Corvallis, OR Cedar Rapids, LA Villisca, LA Red Oak, IA Rochester, NY College Station, NY Ithaca, NY Janesville, WI OshKosh, WI Eau Claire, WI Minneapolis, MN St Paul, WI Wheaten, IL Woodridge, IL Bolingbrook, IL Tampa, FL Miami, FL Findlay, OH Marion, OH C Bo Port Middle
Greenwddd, MS Clarksdale, MS Peetskill, NY Richmond, WV Charlottesville. Martinsburg, Lynchburg, WV WestField, MA Junction City, KS Olathe Kansas Ottawa KS Safina KS El Dorado KS Dodge City, KS Bangor ME Baton Rouge, LA Minden, LA Monroe, LA Crowley, LA Sulphur, LA Cambridge, MD Kearney, NE LaGrange, GA Rome, GA
Savannah, GA Statesboro, GA Valdosta, GA Macon, GA Leavenworth, KS Mankato, MN Owatonna, MN Maryville, MO Scottsbluff, NE Bismarck, ND El Reno, OK Enid, OK Stillwater, OK Athens, TN Beaumont, TX Conroe, TX Lufkin, TX Galveston, TX Denton, TX Vidor, TX Fredericksburg, VA Casper, WY Racine, WI Laramie, WY Brownwood, TX Boulder, CO Sterling, CO Durango, CO Fort Morgan, CO Pueblo, CO Dover, DE Gainsville, GA Tallahassee, FL Vero Beach, FL Daytona, FL Orlando, FL Panama City, FL
Ecfiroraleases to:
|smess irmingham TV Bisbee Daily Bull He|d Mojave CaWttjgBd Dispatch Ilpuglas Dispatch Flagstaff Arizoj Mesa Tr
;ona
^TaRedega Daily Selma Times Scottsboro Sentinel Lanett Valley Times Huntsville Times Dacatur Daily People Magazine Nat’l Review Cattleman
Game and Fish Mag. NEA Today Paducah Sun Middle sboro News Bowling Green News Louisville - The Courier Creston Advertiser Richmond Register Yuma TV
AZ Sun City Daily News Sierra Vista Herald Goshen News Gary Post T ribune Fort Wayne Journal St. Petersburg Times
Crystal River - FL Inverness, FL Terre Haute Tribune Warsaw Times Union New Castle Courier South Bend Tribune Saginaw News Kalamazoo Gazette Grand Rapids Press Benton Harbor Palladium Corinth Corinthian Vicksburg Post Clarksdale Press Register The Boliver Commercial Kansas City Star Moberly Monitor Index Joplin Globe Rolla News West Plaines Quill Hannibal Courier Post High Point Enterprise Winston Salem Journal WBFX Greensboro WFMY Greensboro WLXI Greensboro WUPN Greensboro WGHP High Point New Amsterdam record Auburn Citizen Brooklyn News Buffalo News Catskill Mail Coming - The Leader Cortland Standard Glennfalls Post Star Geneva Fingerlakes Times Hormell Tribune Hudson Register Star Ithaca Journal Jamestown Post Journal Kingston Daily News Little Falls Times Lockport Journal Malone telegram Medina Journal Ny Daily News NY Post NY Times NY News Day Wallstreet Journal Niagra Gazette KETV Omaha - NE KMTV Omaha KPTM Omaha KYNE Omaha WOWT Omaha World Herald Billings Gazette KHMT Billings KSV1 Billings .
KURL Billings USA Radio Network Boston GlobeBoston Herald Brockton Enterprise WABU- Boston WBPX - Boston WGBX - Boston WHDH- Boston WLVI - Boston Patriot Ledger Pittsfield Gazette West Springfield Record WDMR Springfield WGVY Springfield WGGB Springfield WWLP Springfield Assoc. Press Albuquerque Assoc. Press - Atlanta Assoc. Press - Chicago
Assoc. Press Columbia, SC Assoc. Press Columbus,OH American Teacher Magazine Marine Corps Gazette Assoc. Press Denver, CO Assoc. Press Detroit, MI Assoc. Pr4ess Helena, MT Assoc. Press Jackson, MS Assoc. Press Little Rock Assoc. Press, Memphis Assoc. Press, Miami, FL Assoc. Press Milwaukee Air Force Times Assoc. Press New Orleans Assoc. Press Norfolk VA Assoc. Press Philadelphia, Army Times
Assoc. Press Salt Lake City Assoc. Press San Francisco ]Assoc. Press Seattle, WA Assoc. Press Sioux Falls Assoc. Press Trenton, NY Assoc. Press Wash. DC Assoc. Press Wichita, KS Fire House
United Press Minneapolis United Press - St. Louis College Press Service Copley News Service Cox Newspapers Garnett News Service Crain News Service Fairchild News Group Hearst Newspapers Knight Ridder newspapers LA Times
NY Times Syndicate ]Pacific News Service PR News Wire Good Housekeeping I Family Cirlce I Redbook Magazine Woman’s World Parent’s Magazine
! News and World Rept. Thomson Newspapers I United Feature Syndicate I NY Herald Tribune I USA Today I Military Update I Newhousc News Service I London Mail I London Sunday Times San Antonio Current San Augustine Tribune Waco Citizen York town News Sun Advocate - UT Richfield Reaper - UT Princeton Herald Observer/Enterprise - TX South Texas Reporter Rosebud News Lakeshore Times St. Jo Tribune Gulf Coast Tribune Police Times Ann Arbor News Battle Creek Enquire4r Cheboygan Tribune Ladies Home Journal Newsweek
State Government News Public Employee Mag.
Metro Magazine Governing Mag.
Public Works Mag.
Nation’s Business Mag.