The Knights Party / Thomas Robb, national director / 870-427-3414 / PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601 / www.kldc.com / # 139
PARTY OF TREASON
The Republican Party recently announced a nationwide membership drive. There are many Republican voters out there, they believe. They just have to get them registered and to the polls.
Republican leadership will do all they can to be more inclusive. They will fight for the non-white Hispanic vote and of course for the Negro vote. They will do this not by educating minorities on the merits of Republicanism, but rather by changing the core values of the Republican Party to match those of Negroes, Asians, Jews, nonwhite Hispanics, and biracial people. The Republican Party’s crystal ball tells them that white people will soon be a minority in the U.S. - that they are already a minority in the most populated states - and that simply -it’s good business to shun historically white Christian beliefs and attitudes.
Some remember when the Democrats were staunchly behind segregation - and some whites still hold on to their Democratic Party affiliation in the belief that it is still styled after the old Southern Democratic system. The fact that the Democrats saw the changes America was going through and jumped on the multicultural bandwagon has escaped their attention. But we aren’t going to condemn these people who vote the same way their granddaddy did. To many of these people, and rightly so, the Republican Party appears to be a strong supporter of corporate takeover, free trade, etc. And the Republican Party has a reputation of noncommitment to the general needs of society. It is confusing to say the least - should a person vote Republican or Democrat.
What cost many Democratic candidates their last election was their very visible betrayal of white Christians. Many main stream Christians however, will ignore the white racial aspect of the Democratic betrayal and focus only on the many instances of hatred directed at Christians. These people are entirely supportive of the Republican Party’s new voter drive - even when that effort is directed toward minorities. They just don’t understand the importance of white Christian leadership.
Catering to non-whites is only viewed as a smart political move to insure that the Democrats don’t win back control of Congress or the White House. Their plan is to beat the Democrats at their own game.
Armstrong Williams, a black political commentator and former aid to Sen. Strom Thurmond, R-S.C., was among more than a dozen Negroes who met with Republican National Committee Chairman Marc Racicot and Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, R-Tenn., to discuss how the GOP can put more blacks in office and increase its standing among minorities. “The Republican Party has to realize that it cannot be lily white any longer, ” Williams said. “Change must come about, and it must start within our house. And we were here today to do some house cleaning."
Racicot said the GOP would be doing a lot more to improve its image among minorities including a significant increase in monetary support for black candidates. As Williams had said, “It starts with the faces.” The GOP must be able to offer a wide slate of candidates of color in order to win the minority vote.
President Bush is doing his best to walk both sides of the fence. He realizes that the Republican Party is in the midst of tremendous transition. If the GOP goes to far left they may risk alienating white votes - currently their major base of support. To throw a little candy at white voters they have recently backed a move to remove race criteria from college admissions - most notably is the case with the University of Michigan in which the U.S. Supreme Court declared that consideration of race for college admission is unlawful. However, Bush is skillfully addressing the minority education issue where it counts the most - cold hard cash.
The President’s fiscal year 2004 budget will increase spending to Historically Black Colleges, Black Graduate Institutions and Hispanic Serving Institutions - totaling $371 million dollars. Forget about historically white colleges. All they get are desegregation orders. His NO Child Left Behind program; designed to help prepare
Continued on Pg. 2
( onlinnt'd from Pg. I
The Crusader Published by Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Hamson, AR 72601
I honias Robb Editor Rjichcl Pendergraft Asst Editor
HHw.kkk.com
Watch This is the Klan Internet TV Show Each Week with Tliomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft.
The ITRST and ONLY Weekly racialist News Broadcast - World Wide. This is the Klan -This is the Truth
Copyright 2003
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $15 00 Donation - U S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55 00
National Office.
870-427-3414 You may wish to consider remembering The Knights in your will or trust You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics You can help support this important cause after you're gone
small children for elementary school, will once again funnel millions of dollars into minority populated areas.
RNC Chairman Racicot said regarding Black History Month,
“Under the leadership of President Bush the RNC (Republican National Committee) will continue its work to recruit and train more minority candidates and to create a colorblind society ...This month and beyond, we remain committed to furthering the vision of Abraham Lincoln and Dr. Martin Luther King " At lease we can agree with Racicot on one point.
We too would like to see the vision of Abraham Lincoln continued. (Racicot as do most Americans have very little knowledge about Abraham Lincoln. Those who love him do so because they don’t really know anything about his segregationist views and those who hate him likewise have only Jewish manipulated history to base their “facts" on. Despite Jewish slandering (They played both sides of the Northem/Southem issue as they still do today) of Abe Lincoln and their continual assault on his character and their outnght lies about him -
Above. Bush in an ad for the No Child Left Behind program The picture only shows Mexican children.
Senators block first Hispanic to serve on U.S.
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Funny?
The GOP is trying to tell America
that it is them NOT the Democrats who are standing strong behind American’s minority population. The article continues to applaud the many fine qualities of this “Hispanic First”. They proudly cite all his legal qualifications, past positions held, etc. They pleasingly report that he doesn’t let his personal opinion on a political matter get in the way of his job. (Ed. I thought that is what defines a hypocrite) The most startling aspect of Manual Estrada is his record toward the prolife movement. Remember that a gigantic base of support for the Republican Party comes from Christians who believe in the dignity and value of the unborn Ye to get their token Hispanic and all those votes flaunting him in front of the Hispanic population election time — the GOP is willing to betray the unborn and their prime support base.
The GOP brags on their site: “ While he worked at the Clinton Justice	Department,
Estrada filed an amicus brief on behalf of the government on the same side of the case as the National Organization	of
Women. The Supreme Court unanimously agreed with Estrada in NOW v. Scheidler that
a
Manual Estrada, above, is the Republican pick for a position in the District of Columbia, lie helped abortion providers sue Pro-1 ilers under RICO and won!
His bold plan - which included a return to constitutional currency (This is why the Jews hate him and had him assassinated) was to return all Negroes to Africa where they could rule themselves in a country they would call Liberia. He was opposed to integration and racemixing and abhorred the tact that there were so many Negroes on American soil living in such dose proximity to whites and supplying cheap tabor \ust as the Mexicans do today.
The OOP's efforts to be an inclusive party woutd be laughable if it were not so dangerous The Republican national website boldly announces Democratic
the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) could be applied to abortion protesters ”
Unbelievable! Or is it? The GOP would rather risk losing their pro-life constituents — many who found themselves and their organizations bankrupt as well as doing prison time for picketing abortion clinics - than risk losing the flood of Hispanic voters that looms on the horizon.
Obviously, only a fool would say that every single Democratic politician is a traitor or that every single Republican politician is a traitor. But the fact Of the betrayal PI the party leadership speaks for itself. The only good reason to be involved with either party vs to
t'willftuul im >
Continued from Pg. 2
gain experience that can be put to use down the road in The Knights Party. Sadly however, many good people think it is so wonderful that the Republicans are “in power” and they let their guard down. Why? The Republican Party is as bad if not worse than the Democrats - because they are more deceitful. A vote for a candidate of any third party is better than a vote for the two in power as it will help weaken the two party system. Yes, there is a boogey man in the closet, but it might not be the most obvious - look a little harder and you’ll see a Republican politician hiding in the shadows.
Jamaican Slave Reparations Denied
Members of the Rastafarian Brethren of Jamaica made a request for slavery reparations to Queen Elizabeth II during her visit to Jamaica in February 2002 and Britain’s High Commission has denied the claim.
The High Commission, a British office that represents Britain in former British colonies, said, “We regret and condemn the inequities of the historic slave trade, but these shameful activities belong to the past. Governments today cannot take responsibility for what happened over 150 years ago. ”
As reported by Associated Press, Howard Hamilton, Jamaica’s public defender and the Rastafarians’ legal adviser said the group would settle for the cancellation of the countries foreign debt to Britain, of more than $109 million. They will continue to fight for monetary settlement and are joined by former British colonies around the world, including the nation of Guyana who
received a similar denial from Britain.
In a related story, Rastafarian	and
Ghanaian native George Lamptey, has been arrested in Helsinki, Finland for the rape of 12 white women	and
knowingly infecting them with the AIDS virus. Many more women are expected to come forward.
Lamptey, a former member of the Rasta band Afro Nokoko, is suspected of spiking the drinks of young women visiting local dubs or his home with a date rape drug. After they were totally immobilized he would have sex with the women. Band members say they had no idea that he had the AIDS virus, which was diagnosed in 1995. There is currently no law in Finland making it illegal to knowingly infect another person with the AIDS virus, but lawmakers are now seeking a change in the law.
Rastafarianism emerged in the Caribbean in the 1930’s as a protest movement to white rule. It combines religion, politics, and music and is also very popular in
many of the largest dties of Europe and the U.S. Rastafarians distinguish themselves by their hairstyle, which they consider holy, leave unwashed and in long matted rolls. Many people now imitate the hairstyle, as the lifestyle becomes more popular on networks like MTV.
Florida’s Sexual Predator Act is attacked by Appeals Court
A Three judge panel of the Third District Court of Appeals have overturned Florida’s Sexual Predator Act because it does not allow judges to assess the degree of danger a sex offender poses. The court’s decision said, 11 We find that in the absence of a provision allowing for a hearing to determine whether the defendant presents a danger to the public sufficient to require registration and public notification, the Florida Sexual Predators Act violates procedural due process.”
Ferman Carlos Espindola, 23 was required to register as a sexual predator, and fought the requirement. In the Espindola case, the victim had been at a South Beach nightclub when Yhir Nino and Espindola drugged the woman’s drink. Espindola allegedly finished the drink after the woman had drunk most of it. The woman awoke hours later at another location while both men were having sex with her. Epindola claims to have lost consciences at the club and that Nino took both him and the woman to the rape scene. He claims that he is not a danger to society because he too had lost consciences. He did admit, however, to putting the drug in the woman’s drink and to having sex with her without her consent.
Miss. To Give More $Money to Black Colleges
Alcorn State and Mississippi Valley State College in the Delta state will get to share a $7.2 million dollar gift from the taxpayers of the state.
Black colleges were supposed to get the money in 2000, but the funds were frozen after a judge ordered the black school to attract more white students.
The case originated in 1975 when Jake Ayers Sr. Claimed that the state had neglected its black universities and sued. The US Supreme court ruled against the state and ordered money paid. Payments will continue for 17 years and the school doesn’t have to attract white students anymore
Strive to be the Best !
Your People are Worth It!
The man above knowingly infected Finnish women with AIDS after poisoning their drinks with a date rape drug
The two historically
. .ff.

mmm
Minorities must think money grows on trees in every yard of white taxpayers
CRUSADER PAGE 3
Rice, above is conservative on many issues, but when it comes to giving minorities an unfair advantage - she's all for it.
Rice Approves of Affirmative Action - Says Bush and Her Don’t Differ on Opinion
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice said that she approves of the use of race in the college admissions process -Not a big surprise to this writer. Bush has been silent about Rice’s statements, but supposedly does not back affirmative action programs. It
appears Bush is going to play the gentleman and make no rebuttal to statements that contradict his program.
The White House will get around looking hypocritical as they push the point that affirmative action is wrong, but that race can still be a factor in admissions - a perfect example of double speak.
The U.S. Supreme Court may be intending to review a 25 year old affirmative action ruling that said quotas were unconstitutional but left room for race being a factor in admissions.
Rice said later that her and the President don’t differ that much in opinion on the issue. Both are supporters of percent plans as opposed to traditional affirmative action. Percent plans have the illusion of being fair and impartial and so has the backing of many conservatives.
Even Hillary Clinton told News Day that, “While I applaud the President’s commitment to the ultimate goal,
I am confused by his reasons for distinguishing between percent plans and traditional affirmative action.” She accurately pointed out that; “the success of percent plans in enrolling substantial numbers of minority
students depends entirely on racial segregation at the high school level. Fifty years after Brown v. Board of Education, racial segregation is increasing in our public schools. Seventy percent of black students now attend predominantly minority schools, up from 63 percent in 1980. Forty-six percent of Hispanic students
in Texas, 42 percent in
Even Hillary Clinton says Bush's “percent" plan amounts to being the same as traditional affirmative action
California and 59 percent in New York go to schools that are 90-100 percent minority. For percent plans to succeed, this trend would have to continue. ”
The large urban schools are indeed becoming more segregated. Non-white immigrants quickly gravitate
toward the cities where they will find large communities of their race. We have long maintained that people of the different races will naturally associate with their own race if not forced together by the government and that is exactly what is happening. An exception would be illegal immigrants from Mexico and South America, who while also settling in large cities (Chicago has the 3 largest Mexican population in the world) are flocking to the rural areas of America and the heartland where small and midsize corporations are handing out jobs like Santa passing out suckers during the Christmas parade. Still even then they congregate in their own neighborhoods for the most part.
For this reason it looks like percent plans might be a good deal, but it still discriminates against white people. Minorities from mostly black schools could qualify if they were in the top 10% of their class, but that same person may have less academic qualifications than a white student who is in the top 15 % of her school. This would still amount to preferential treatment. Also, it still causes students to end up in a highly integrated college setting.
The segregated schools make people like Hillary Clinton and George Bush angry. They don’t believe anything can be fair unless it is integrated - their pigeonholed brains can’t comprehend the benefits of separate social institutions for the races. Every excuse is used to explain away low academic performance among minority students.
Percentage plans and quota based plans all bring the same result -integration - unmet expectations among minorities - and the lack of opportunity for high performing white students.
In	fact	Michigan
administrators	and
supporters claim that without some way to boost the admissions rate for members of minority
groups, colleges and universities would quickly become mostly white.	America’s	corporations are backing
Michigan’s affirmative action plan saying that they want a diverse college to choose employees from. Microsoft, Intel, American airlines, Proctor & Gamble, Eastman Kodak and PepsiCo are among more than 40 Fortune 500 companies siding with the University of Michigan. The corporations desire to have a diverse work place at the expense of the most qualified applicants (Its good for public relations) but they don’t care if the workforce from which they get their actual products made are all one color in a third world nation. The workers in Bangladesh get exploited and the whites in America lose out on good jobs either by the jobs going over seas or the corporations bringing the non-whites here and wages being depressed as a result.
Many of America’s top corporations are backing Michigan State s affirmative action plan - saying they want a diverse work force and need racially diverse colleges to choose new employees from.
CRUSADER PAGE 4
Ka0fe rflte X»)Qm tin
Any of the above designs can be ordered in a hat instead of KS in front of the stock number use BC. Hats are on a white caD. mesh back, foam front $10.00
min mat MME!
KS-2
Kmahtt <>»	Kt f	**»«
tt*s LOVE
not HATE

&asi tw6S>.Us£t kOXiNTST
Videos $15.00
•	Why The Knights?
•	This is the Klan
•	Conservatives can’t save America.
•	There is Hope!
•	Take Back America!
•	Christianity /Destroyed in the courts
•	2001 Congress Highlights
•	Enemy at the Gates (Israel’s part in 9/11 attacks
•	White Christian Foundation of America!
•	Ruby Ridge Massacre
T-shirts $17.00 each (S, M, L, X I- XXL or XXXL add$3.00) designs are over heart - full color order anything on this page from Christian Concepts, P.O. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601
KS-25
They may take
8utm»dmm< ftnyttta iwn*»
KS-26
KS-15
KS-24
KS-10
KS-22
KS-23
KS-13
Key Chains-$6.00
♦	Round “blood drop” gold metal key chain
♦	Traditional Horseman on rectangular black background
♦	Blood drop on rectangular black background with letters KKK
♦	Rebel flag keychain on black rectangular backing
♦	Rebel flag keychain in clear plastic casing.
HAT/LAPEL PINS
$3..00 each
♦	Blood Drop Pin
♦	Klansman on a horse Pin
♦	KKK shield Pin
♦	Confederate Flag Pin
♦	I Love Jesus Pin
♦	Blood Drop Pin with letters KKK below
♦	Irish Shamrock
KKK watch - Men’s or Women’s $40.00 each
FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*
$15.00
American Flag	Christian Flag
Confederate Flag	Blood Drop with KKK
Confederate Flag with Celtic Cross and KKK Bonnie Blue Don’t Tread On Me
Rebel Flag Decal $2.00
Cross lighting Picture in frame - $15.00
National Office Picture in Frame - $15.00
N.B. Forrest Picture In Frame-$15.00
Large Confederate Flag Umbrella $16.00
KKK Pens - with P.O. box and web address on pen $1.00 each
Jewelry $5.00
Blood Drop earrings (fish hook) Blood Drop necklace Blood Drop Tie Clip with chain
Residents Told They Can’t Post Christian Yard Signs - But Many are Doing so Anyway!
Christians in Eden, North Carolina are being urged to post religious signs on their property in response to a city crackdown. Eden city workers have taken down dozens of placards that violated a municipal ban on sighs in any public right of way along city streets. Many contained messages such as Jesus Saves and Abortion is Murder. In response, two Baptist congregations have asked members to put up at least 1,000 Jesus Saves signs on their own property. Pastor Steve Griffith says," We can keep the message out there, but in a legal way."
Keep an Eye on Comic Books Too
Like mushrooms in a backyard that has seen too much rain, the number of media outlets to which kids are gaining access seems to be multiplying exponentially on a daily basis. And just like mushrooms, it's sometimes difficult to decide which ones are good for kids and which ones are downright poisonous.
When it comes to monitoring the media on behalf of their children, parents already know that special attention should be paid to the content of TV, movies, music, the Internet and videos.
But how about comic books? AFA Journal has received periodic complaints that comics are becoming as bad as the rest of the media-saturated culture. Along with samples sent in from concerned parents, AFA
Journal purchased six comics at a national book chain, and found those concerns justified.
Of course, comics have long alarmed some parents because of their violent nature. In illustrating the conflict between super heroes and super villains, the pages of comic books are often filled with pitched battles involving zipping bullets, flying fists, exploding rockets and the use of "super powers."
It is helpful that, on the cover of some comics, parents can find a rating similar to that on TV programs and movies. For example, a December issue of Marvel Knights: Elektra, published by industry giant Marvel Comics, was rated PG-16, with an additional label for "Mature/Violent Content." Also published by Marvel was a comic from its Black Widow character line, with a label stating, "Parental Advisory: Explicit Content."
The comic book character above is dressed relatively modest compared to many of the women in comic books read by children
However, unless parents are aware of the label the warning is meaningless. A representative said the store did not restrict the purchase of comics in any way regardless of the label on them. Any child could walk out with Black Widow, as long as he or she coughed up the $2.99 plus tax.
What would that child find in the pages of Black Widow? A story line which focuses	on
sadomasochism -complete with the image of a nude man chained to a large
wooden cross in the dungeon-like setting of a sex club, being whipped by a leather-clad dominatrix. The comic also contains profanity — including the F-word -- and many graphic scenes of men and women clothed in the leather garb of the S&M crowd, participating in sexual acts of bondage.
One might think Black Widow was simply a comic for adults that got mixed in with those for kids — except that the advertisements within its pages tell a different story. Interspersed among the sadomasochistic images are ads for Starburst candy, Lifesavers, Dr. Pepper and lunch-box size cartons of Tang fruit juice.
In fact, from the explicitly perverse subject matter of Black Widow, to the overly physically endowed female characters of the majority of comics, sexuality is typical of the comic book world. The artwork in most modem comic books, far outstripping the more primitive cartoonish work of 20 or 30 years ago, is heavily sexualized with a more provocative depiction of women.
Inside the pages of Image Comics' Laura Croft Tomb Raider, for example, are advertisements for trading cards from the popular comic book series Witchblade. The ad shows sensual, nearly naked woman posing as if for Playboy. Such sexual imagery is found throughout comic series such as The Darkness, Darkchylde and WildStorm - the latter of which even puts out a "swimsuit issue" of bikini-clad women. Industry catalogs like Previews are filled with such images.
Along with this hedonistic view of sexuality in comics comes a promotion of homosexuality. In a two-part Green Lantern comic, published by DC Comics, "gay" teenager Terry Berg is shown kissing his boyfriend. After three thugs beat Terry, the story line turns into a blatant promotion of hate crime laws.
A variety of comic books have promoted the "gay"
agenda, including DC Comics' The Authority and
Superman, and Marvel’s The Incredible Hulk, Alpha
Flight, The Flash, Uncanny Xmen and Star Fleet
Academy.	„	'	,
Continued on Pg. 7
The Green Lantern, above, is a super hero who fights crime with his emerald ring. His close friend in the comic, Terri Berg, comes out of the closet because he has a crash on Green Lantern. Terri is later the victim of gay bashing. The creator of the comic, Judd Winick, said, “It would be great for young people to see that the Green Lantern doesn't care that Terry is gay. He's a person,"
CRUSADER PAGE 6
Continued from Pg. 6
Beyond violence and sexuality, however, is the false religious atmosphere within the worlds created by comic books. The super powers of both heroes and villains often appear little different from powers associated with the occult, and any positive portrayal of religion is usually from a New Age perspective.
These ideas are not limited to shorelines. For example, the last page of one issue of Eek! The Cat was a full-page primer on the "underlying principles of Hinduism and Buddhism." Kids could turn the page and read that the principle of "karma" holds that "a person’s actions in this life account for the soul's ultimate purification and ability to transmigrate to a higher plane of existence."
Of course, the one religion to be openly disrespected is always Christianity. In a January 2003, issue of Marvel's Uncanny XMen, the blue-skinned Nightcrawler is shown in St. Patrick's Cathedral, railing against Jesus Christ. The cover of the comic shows Nightcrawler, who has a distinctly demonic appearance, perched on a cross.
With even comic books filling the culture with sexual, violent and anti-Christian content, protecting children from adverse media influence is becoming a full-time job for parents. Knowing the potential risks of such exposure, however, makes the effort worthwhile.
Mexican Invasion of America Heats Up!
Mexico President Vicente Fox’s buddy buddy relationship with Bush is spelling more trouble for the
U.S. Mexico continues to take advantage of Bush’s desire to win votes from the non-white Hispanic community in the U.S. by getting bolder with their demands.
For the first time in America’s history blacks have been passed up by Hispanics who now constitute the largest minority class in the country. The figures from 2001 are the latest available. At that time there were 37 million Hispanics and 36.1 million blacks. Most of the increase in the Hispanic population is non-white -although the white-Hispanic class is rising also - but not to the same degree and is not an issue (The category Hispanic is a term created by the U.S. Census Bureau and is a language category not a racial category. Thus we usually try to distinguish between Hispanics who are white and Hispanics who are non-white, in our writings)
Former New Hampshire Rep. Tom Alcieres wants to outlaw the border patrol
A group of illegal Mexican immigrants are caught trying to cross througji Arizona Desert Most don’t get caught and quickly spread through the US
Illegal immigrants from Mexico as well as some of the other poorer nations of South America spurred on by human rights groups believe it is their right to move to the U.S. They believe laws restricting their immigration are racist and thus made to be broken.
While many would like to paint the picture of average alien immigrants as happy, but economically disadvantaged families who want to become part of the community - most have disdain for U.S. rules and procedures and view themselves as part of a reverse
Continued on Pg.
8
Above, a border patrol senior agent checks boards used by undocumented immigrants to cross the Rio Grande into Fabens, near El Paso. The Border Patrol is having problems recruiting enough agents to patrol the border and the many crossings. The Immigration office is now giving $1,500 - $2000 dollar bonuses for individuals who hire on as border agents. Immigration decreased for a short time following 9/11 - but is back to the same high rate as before.
Vega Verde resident Tommy Vick stands in his back yard a few feet away from Mexico on the edge of the Rio Grande in Del Rio. Vick, who lives with his wife, says he can't leave his house alone because Mexican vandals cross the river and steal his belongings. Earlier this year, Vick shot and wounded a man robbing his house in the night on his way back to Mexico.
conquest of United States soil.
A popular website run by former Republican Representative Tom Alderes from New Hampshire is a one-stop shop of information for illegal immigrants in the U.S. He even posts tips to unscrupulous U.S. men who might want to make their living helping Mexicans get into the U.S. He titles this section: The Ultimate Loophole
The Ultimate LoopHole - Published on a web site for Illegal Immigrants
So you're an USA citizen making his living flipping burgers at McDonald's and there are a gazillion Mexicans living in poverty. The object of the game is to get as many Mexicans as possible into the USA by whatever means. But what’s in it for you?
Well, here's the loophole: Under U.S. Code, Title 8 section 1401(g), if you have a child by a Mexican senorita, the child is a USA citizen, even if the birth takes place in Mexico. You need to sign some forms for the consulate, and the kid gets a certificate of USA citizenship.
So, you rent a cottage in Tijuana and have a continuous supply of 18-year-old senoritas who move in, just long enough to get pregnant, then move out, returning 9 months later for some signatures. How tough would it be to find USA males to volunteer for that? The man can call all the shots, including requiring her to go with him to the clinic to make sure she is clean.
The senorita who has your baby will be a better candidate for marriage. The Caballeros would realize that they get a good wife, and a stepchild who will send money home after growing up. The older the senorita gets, the closer the child gets to adulthood, so the decline in her attractiveness is offset by the increase in the step-child's value. That is, when she is 32, she is considered less desirable than she was at 18, but she has a 14-year-old USA citizen, who will start sending money home in only 4 years; when she was 18, she only had a baby, who wouldn't send money home for 18 years.
As an added bonus, the USA citizen baby will get to select a local Tijuana resident of the opposite sex for marriage, thereby allowing two Tijuana-born persons to reside in the USA and send money home to their families.
The one obstacle is that, under U.S. Code, Title 8, section 1409, you must sign a paper agreeing to support the kid until the kid reaches 18. However, any money you give the senorita to care for your baby would be far less than what child support payments in the USA would be. Compute how much money you save in taxes each year by claiming the kid as your dependent, divide by 52, and give that much to the senorita each week. That should suffice in Mexico. Further, as a full-time employee working in the USA, you get medical benefits, which means you can bring your dependent to an USA doctor whenever the kid gets sick.
A Mexican immigrant leader in the U.S. says on deporttheborderpatrol.com, “there is no need for the Border Patrol. If people from the south side of the river
decide they want to take up residence on the north side, who you gonna call? Call your new neighbors and say, bienvenidos! The United States has been described as a nation of
Garcia, director of the Border Network for Human Rights told the El Paso Times,
’There have been a dramatic
The Mexican woman above, age 82, is signing her citizenship papers after being brought to the U.S. by her adult children - who at one time were illegal, but are now citizens as part of a special program. The first thing she wants to do is vote in the elections.
police officers, average police don't deserve to get killed nearly as much as Border Patrol goons do. Some police officers sign up so they can serve the people, accepting the job of enforcing the many unjust laws as a required trade-off. That is a decision they have made and, while it is the wrong decision, at least they aren't as bad as Border Patrol goons, which sign up only out of greed and malice. Border Patrol goons only serve the wants of bigots. Border Patrol goons are the scum of the Earth. “ While the border patrol is busy trying to do their job in the midst of numerous ridiculous procedural rules for dealing with illegal aliens, Immigrant groups are planning lawsuits against various law enforcement agencies for violating the rights of “undocumented workers”. Fernando
immigrants.
So, in all fairness to the
This Mexican boy throws rocks at cameras on the U.S. — Mexican border. Children there are taught that it is their right to migrate north. They have been told that the gringos stole their land.
involving possible wrongful searches and wrongful entries into homes, and possible racial profiling by U.S. law enforcement agencies.” The Border Network is conducting their second “Campaign to Document abuse of authority.” One case of abuse cited by Human Rights groups is the conviction of a border patrol agent for the molestation of an 8-year-old Mexican girl. However, the border patrol agent, himself, was a Mexican and the girls step father, which they fail to comment on.
The flagrant hateful attitude that non-white immigrants from Mexico have for U.S. authorities is not the only thing that poses a danger to American citizens. While not all non-white Hispanics are involved in drug
increase in the
complaints
we've
received
Continued on Pg. 10
KKK Cross Flag $15.00
Large Rebel Flag Umbrella $16.00
Small window Flag with suction cup -
$5.00
Heritage NOT Hate / Rebel Flag $15.00
REBEL FLAG TOTE BAG
Natural colored tote bag with large rebel flag on it and the word REBEL -sturdy and durable $9.00
FLAG of the ALAMO!
(Not shown)
Illegal aliens overrunning our borders say they want Texas back — but it was never theirs’. Fly the flag of the famous Alamo battle that led to Texas Independence.
$15.00
REBEL
Vanity/License
Plate
Lightweight Rebel “car tag”. Large Confederate Flag design.
$5.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Decal - $2.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Bumper Sticker — $4.00
Rebel Car Antenna Flag -
$6.00
PAGE TAPES
These are the 3 tapes to listen to for the first step to Knighthood / educational and enjoyable / with Pastor Robb and Mrs. Pendergraft /includes rank info and instructions.
$21.00
ORDER ANYTHING ON THIS PAGE FROM CHRISTIAN CONCEPTS PO BOX 2222, HARRISON, AR 72601 IF USING A CREDIT CARD YOU CAN ALSO CALL YOUR ORDER IN 870-427-3414
Informational Leaflets for Distribution
$8.00 PER 50 OR $15.00 PER 100
Economic Tyranny over America - quotes on $ from famous people, exposes corruption of international bankers and politicians.
Truth Tract on Gun Rights with quotes from founding fathers - dispels myths put out by anti-gun fanatics.
Martin Luther King Truth Sheet - lists examples of Kings Communist affiliation, sexual deviancy, violent rhetoric, etc. Why he should not have a holiday - lists sources
Be a Winner with The Knights - political tract about The Knights - simple and direct.
You Can Be a Hero - Asks the reader to consider the future of their children and join with others in becoming heroes for their families.
Introduction to The Knights Tells about The Knights with a short bio of Thomas Robb / includes application.
The Knights is Organizing in YOUR city — Have this leaflet personalized for your city or county. Contains political message about white Christian rights.
The Public School Religion - Talks about the humanist/Judeo influence now in the public schools - its fruit are racemixing and homosexuality among the youth. Why are these groups targeting your children? Protect your kids
Printed Below is How a “Human Rights"
leader thinks an “unDocumented” worker
should speak to a U.S. Border Patrol Agent!
(This actually appears on their web site)
This is why Our Immigration Laws get NO Respect
Person Minding His Own Business: Achtung! Sneeze Border Patrol goon: Where are your papers?
‘Tow do not owe any respect to these parasites. They are nothing but garbage. Keep your eyes focused straight ahead; don't look at the goon. Eye contact is a sign oj respect, and they don't deserve any”
BP goon: Where do you live?
Person minding your own business: My house.
BP goon: What’s your address? Where are you going? Person minding your own business: That's none of your damned business, and if you give me any more crap, my Congressman is going to hear about it.
BP goon: You looking for trouble?
Person minding your own business: No, you started it.
BP goon: Look, we're with the United States Border Patrol, we're charged by the government with carrying out the laws of this country. Now do you have a problem with that?
Person minding your own business: What are you now, a federal attitude inspector?
BP goon: I happen to be a United States Border Patrol agent.
Person minding your own business: Not me, 1 work for a living.
BP goon: Have you got some identification?
Person minding your own business: Yes, I do.
BP goon: Can I see it?
Person minding your own business: Not from where you're standing.
BP goon: Lode, you ain't getting past this checkpoint without showing me some ID.
Person minding your own business: Achtung! Where are your papers?
BP goon: What's your problem, anyway?
Person minding your own business: Maybe I just don't like getting hassled and interrogated by the Feds.
Anyway, you get the idea. If everybody passing through the checkpoint treated them like the sh-t they are, some of them would get a job and work for a living. Certain businesses are well within their rights in refusing service to off-duty BP goons.
Continued from Pg. 8------------------------------------
trafficking - even many “innocent” immigrants are more than willing to provide smuggling services in exchange for getting into the U.S. Families with children are increasingly becoming favorite vehicles for moving drugs across the border. More sympathy is given to families and women and children are less likely to be considered as drug carriers.
Kerri Pepoy, an intelligence analyst for the national Drug Intelligence Center speaking about North Carolina said, *Mexican drug trade organizations have essentially
taken over the drug trafficking business from other groups.” Nationwide, almost half of all people charged with federal drug offenses between 1984 and 1999 were Hispanic, according to a 1999 U.S. Department of Justice report. The DEA reports that 65 % of all the cocaine that enters this country comes in from Mexico. Crack cocaine for the most part remains the drug of choice for Negroes - Mexican drug dealers are pushing Methamphetamine - known as crank - into the rural areas of America and is gaining popularity among a growing segment of whites who live in the same vadnity as booming Mexican populations. In 1992 the DEA seized 6.5 kilograms of Meth crossing the border, but in 2001 that number increased to 1,370 kilograms according to the National Clandestine Laboratories Database at the El Paso, Texas, Intelligence Center. Many Mexicans consider it a legitimate business and believe law enforcement’s drug war is actually a war against Mexicans in general. Black leaders likewise have maintained that the drug war in the American cities is nothing but racial prejudice against poor blacks.
The North American Free Trade agreement, backed by both Democrats and Republicans caused a huge increase in the drug trade according to David Gaddis, assistant special agent in charge of the DEA’s North Carolina operations. “The free trade agreement made it possible for the movement of thousands of containers across the U.S. - Mexican border. It's common for drugs to be woven into those legitimate cargoes.”
As if there isn’t enough problems with the illegal immigrants already here and those who are legal, but shouldn’t be, The U.S. government has begun an advertising campaign to tell more than 200,000 illegal immigrants that they may be eligible for lawful permanent residency under the Legal Immigrant and Family Equity Act which expires this year.
Applicants for legal residency must have been living in the U.S. illegally before 1982 and lived here continuously until May 4, 1988. They must also have been a part of three different class action lawsuits that arose from the 1986 legalization program.
The INS, which is now under the Homeland Security Office, is spending $784,000 dollars on the radio, television, and poster campaign. Illegal aliens know that it’s just a matter of time - if they live here long enough -before they get a chance to be U.S. citizens and vote.
Even if the Mexican nationals return to their country -America’s benevolence or stupidity will soon keep them tied to U.S. apron strings. Bush is working on a plan to allow Mexicans who worked illegally in the U.S., but are now living in Mexico - to receive Social Security benefits. A Social Security office will be opened up in Mexico City where Mexicans can apply for U.S. Social Security benefits. This would transcend not just from the worker, but spouses and children could file claims if their parent or husband/wife had worked in the U.S. and had social security taxes taken out of their check.
Tracking down some of the beneficiaries could prove difficult. $21 billion in Social Security payments have not been able to be paid to several Mexicans because they used false Social Security numbers for payroll |o	Continued	on	Pg.	11
Continued from Pg. 10
deductions. Some are promoting a similar social security numbering system between the U.S. and Mexico so un-documented workers won't risk losing their benefits!
Mexican Immigrants Get to Stay but White Immigrants Get Deported
Background Information on the arrest of my husband, Ernst Zundel
From: Ingrid Rimland Zundel.
Ernst Zundel is a globally known activist speaking on behalf of the maligned and vilified World War II German generation, insisting on fairness and historical truth. His enemies like to call him names - a mild one being "Holocaust denier."
Ernst has battled the Holocaust Lobby for decades and is the man responsible for the "Leuchter Report" - a scientific report based on a forensic investigation of Auschwitz that puts an end to the claim that "...the
Germans gassed six million Jews."
Ernst has very powerful and nasty enemies. He has survived three documented assassination attempts - a paid-for arson (1995) and two parcel bombs (1984 and 1995). He is a lifelong pacifist who scrupulously obeys the law.
Ernst is	a German
national who lived in Canada for 42 years. He applied for citizenship twice, and was twice denied. He was not given any reason. This means that he is still a German citizen.
In Germany, "Holocaust Denial" is against the law. You can get up to five years in prison for"... defaming the memory of the dead." Many people are in prison for "holocaust	denial"	and	thousands	have been
prosecuted.	This is	a vicious law in	Germany that
prevents people from presenting the facts or even speaking of facts as they know them and have checked them out. I know that this latest arrest is meant to deport Ernst to Germany on a technicality where he will be charged, sentenced	and	imprisoned	without being
allowed a defense - even witnesses and attorneys are charged and punished for aiding a defendant charged with "Holocaust denial".
Once Ernst is convicted and imprisoned, somebody will make sure the key is thrown away. I fear that even worse could happen and that his very life will be in jeopardy.
I am a naturalized US citizen of German background. I met Ernst in 1994 and we married in January of 2000. We purchased a home in Tennessee and have lived here quietly since the summer of 2000, trying to build a new life for ourselves.
After we married, we applied for permanent resident status for Ernst. From the beginning, we engaged a reputable, knowledgeable immigration attorney who carefully followed procedures. Given my husband's high profile, it was and is in our interest to cooperate in any way we can.
We have lived at the same address for more than two years. We are listed in the telephone book. My husband has an American Social Security Number, a Tennessee driver's license, and a work permit. He has been vaccinated and fingerprinted, as requested by INS.
We were told that the next step would be a personal hearing before an immigration judge, but that this could take as long as 36 months.
In May of 2001, we received a request for an immigration hearing. Our attorney could not make it, and he requested a re-scheduling. A copy of this request exists. It is dated May 23, 2001.
Our attorney wrote to INS:
"I am in receipt of your appointment letter for the interview concerning the application for Adjustment of Status of Mr. Zundel. Unfortunately, I will not be able to attend this service and am requesting that it be rescheduled... my schedule conflict(s) and I am respectfully requesting rescheduling of this appointment."
There was no reply from INS.
Our attorney wrote again on May 6, 2002, one year later, this time sending the letter certified. I have a copy of this letter and a copy the return receipt; the original is kept at our attorney's office.
This time, our lawyer wrote:
"Please be so kind as to reschedule the interview that was canceled last year on June 12, 2001. It has been quite some time and surely this matter can be advanced for personal interview."
Again, there was no reply from INS.
My husband and I were not overly concerned, since we had been told that procedures could take as long as 36 months. We simply awaited instructions.
On Feb. 5, 5 INS agents showed up and bullied Ernst to sign a document that stated he agreed to be deported. I only found out later what kind of document it was. It was a deportation order, "...signed and sealed and unappealable."
Ernst asked what would happen if he did not sign this document.
He was told: 'Then we'll arrest you." "And if I sign the documents The answer was: "Either way. We are here to arrest you."
I stood next to him. I dont know if he signed this paper or if he just noted that he was under duress and protested the manner in which this violation of his rights as a man married for three years to a US citizen was handled.
The agents asked him to empty his pockets and lean against a truck to be frisked, as though he were a common criminal. Next they put handcuffs on him and took him away.
Media reports now tell me that he was arrested because he "overstayed his visa." continued on Pg. 12
CRUSADER PAGE 11
I was not given any copies of any documents or justification for this arrest. No one from either the INS or the local sheriffs office has called me as of 9:00 a.m. this morning, Feb. 11, and told me what will happen next. I feel that what happened to my husband was akin to a kidnapping with the assistance of the law.
With much difficulty and many run-arounds I finally found out that Ernst is being held in the detention facility in Blount County, a jail that is located about an hour from where I live. Ernst has since been able to call me once a day. No one has contacted him or told him what would happen next, not even his attorney. I must assume that roadblocks are being put in his way.
I was allowed to see Ernst once, la few days after his arrest and after unbelievable obstacles and many unnecessary bureaucratic hassles. I believe that my husband is being given the "Diesel Treatment" within the prison facility itself whereby he is moved from unit to unit so that his visiting hours get canceled, postponed or mixed up in administrative procedures.
I don't know what will happen next. A spokesperson in the Louisiana Regional INS office -1 believe her name is spelled "Maow" - told reporters that, "in layman’s terms, that Ernst Zundel is out of legal immigration status", that he might get a hearing before a judge "if it is appropriate", and that "he could be removed without going to a judge."
That is an ominous statement!
Because of my husband's high political profile and the enormous power of the Holocaust Lobby in America,
I fear that his enemies plan to whisk him out of the country to Germany just as fast as they can.
If they succeed, a conviction for "Holocaust denial" in Germany is a foregone conclusion. What does that mean? Not only would he get 5 years in jail, he would be prevented from returning to America for ten years because he would have a "criminal" record for Holocaust denial!
Thank you very much! Ingrid Rimland Zundel To contact Ingrid (e-mail) irimland@zundelsite.org
"absent"-- or so all the "specialists" said. She was young, poor and in pain but determined to make her child well. She came to Canada in 1960 and to the United States in 1967.
With no more than three years' worth of grammar school, she talked her way into a university because she knew: "That is where I belong." From Ann Landers's column, at the age of 31, she learned the rudiments of English. Four years later she graduated from Wichita State University—magna cum laude and tenth place in a class of 400. Two additional years gave her a master's degree, followed by a doctorate in 1979. Eight years after she wrote her first coherent sentence in English, she had an awardwinning ethnic novel, winning the prestigious California Literature Medal Award as the best fiction writer in that state for 1977. Today she is a full-time writer with a flourishing speaking career and keynote bookings nationwide. Her son-written off in infancy as a "non-mind" that would never walk, speak, feed himself or recognize another human being—has graduated with honors from a public high school. She is listed in various "Who's Who," including: Contemporary Authors, Who's Who in the West, and Who's Who in American women Numerous Women's Awards, including "Woman of Achievement" and "Woman of Distinction," awards bestowed by Soroptimists International, California Senate Commendation for "Bay Area Business Woman", Honorary Member of MENSA Education: B.A., Wichita State University, 1971; M.A., University of the Pacific, 1973; Ed.D., University of the Pacific, 1979.
Her numerous books show the Christian and human side of the German people and their descendants who lived throughout the Ukraine and were butchered by the millions during the Bolshevik and Communist Revolutions.
Comments from those who have read her books include:
Ingrid Rimland Zundel - A Hero in Her Own Right
Ingrid Rimland was a child during World War II, bom to German-descent Mennonite wheat farmers in the Ukraine who had been persecuted in the Soviet Union because they were landowners. Her family, like so many others waited anxiously for German troops to rescue them from the brutality of the Communists. The end of World War II saw her and her famil undertake a 1000 mile trek back to the homeland of forefathers, now a devastated wasteland. From there, still youngster, she moved with her family and friends to the rain forests of Paraguay to pioneer the jungle and live, as her grandmother put it,". . . far from the wicked world." It was a simple, barefoot life. Ingrid married there and started a family, only to discover shortly thereafter that life had handed her a struggle that would make all her childhood hardships pale by comparison. For while Ingrid was endowed with all the riches of a strong and questing mind, her first son's mind was
". . . / had no idea that there were Germans who suffered as much - if not more! - than those we always hear about... "
"... What I liked best about your book is that you tell about an ethnicalJ&tttosive group that did not sell out on its values |
". . . J^nowamreciate my German heritage, as I never did wok has brought home to me that there were G&ffisut soldiers seen as liberators, not destroyers..
I"

^ ^rhe Torch Newfc, Vittj&Artides for white Christians ^^ublish^nonthly by Thomas Robb Ministries f^mhan and Anna Robb - Editors
^p^~Write for a Sample Copy \_pO Box 354Bergman, Arkansas 72615 www. christianidentity. tv Yearly Subscription $15 donation Ask about the monthly Cassette Tape Program
CRUSADER PAGE 12