The Knights / PO Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601 / Thomas Robb, dir. / www.kkk.com / Issue # 144
Canadian Govt. Sponsoring Homosexual “Marriage” Ads
Television advertisements promoting same-sex marriages have started showing in Canada in a bid to encourage voters to back the Government's plans to legalize weddings for gay and lesbian couples.
The ads, which support current lobbying efforts from advocacy groups such as Equal Marriage for Same Sex Couples and Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG), show couples arguing about mundane things -working too late and stealing the duvet, before revealing that they are same sex couples. The tag line then tells viewers: "The problems with gay marriage are the same as straight ones. Support same sex marriage".
The campaign ties in with the Government's current campaign to push same-sex marriage through the courts and legal system, before it is debated in the country's parliament. At present, polls suggest the issue is splitting the country, with the younger population supporting the idea of granting marriage rights to gay couples, while older groups are keen to block the proposals. Additionally, high ranking members of the government conducted a road show this summer to meet and greet groups and convince them why same sex marriage was necessary
Transexuals to Be Eligible for Olympics
Athletes who have undergone sex reassignment are set to be eligible to compete in the Olympic Games for the first time. Reuters reports that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) is finalizing new rules, following a meeting of experts in Sweden last month. The committee is expected to officially announce the new policy in the next few weeks. Patrick Schamasch, medical director for the IOC, said transsexual athletes will be eligible for the Olympics once they have passed a certain amount of time after sex reassignment surgery. The exact length of the waiting period hasn't been determined.
"The trend is to have an ineligibility period. Then after certain conditions have been fulfilled, the athlete will be able to compete in his or her new sex,” he added. Schamasch said officials would want to make sure any side effects of hormone therapy have worn off. Schamasch said he didn't know whether
there were any potential transsexual athletes in line to compete in next summer's Athens Olympics, but he said several international sports federations have asked the IOC for guidance.
NYC Barrs Nativity Scenes
Below is a typical headline that we see reported more and more frequently by the media, and should serve as a wake up call to all of us.
"NYC district denies birth of Jesus? Nativity scene barred as not historically accurate representation of an event”
In a dispute over display of holiday symbols. New York City schools are allowing Jewish menorahs and Islamic crescents but barring Christian nativity scenes, alleging the depiction of the birth of Christ does not represent a historical event"
Most Americans Believe Homosexuality is Sinful
A Columbia University psychiatry professor says he has interviewed 200 former homosexuals who are now heterosexual. A new Pew Research poll finds Americans evenly divided on whether they believe homosexual men and women can alter their sexual orientation. But Dr. Robert Spitzer says the 200 people he interviewed had been out of the homosexual lifestyle for at least five years, many were happily married, and all felt that the change had been beneficial. While changing their orientation was difficult, Spitzer says the 200 ex-homosexuals were highly motivated and most were deeply religious with broad support from others. The Pew poll finds most Americans consider the homosexual lifestyle sinful and a powerfully negative influence upon society. That view is especially strong among white evangelical Christians. The poll finds that opposition to homosexual marriage has grown since mid-summer. Some 59% of Americans now oppose it — up fronL^3% in July.
Massachusetts Court Says YES to Gay Marriage
By Brian Fabling, Esq. Center for Law and Justice
Civilization, like life itself, has certain organic properties. When those properties are altered, the organism ceases to function properly and ultimately perishes. Marriage, the union of a man and a woman, is organic to civilization; it is quite literally its life-giving force and the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court altered the institution of marriage at its most fundamental
Continued on Page 3
The Crusader Published by Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Harrison. AR 72601
Thomas Robb Editor Rachel Pendergraft Asst. Editor
wwnv.kkk.com
Watch This is the Klan Internet TV Show Each Week with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft.
The FIRST and ONLY Weekly racialist New s Broadcast -World Wide.
This is the Klan - This is the Truth
Article Submission:
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $15.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
LETTERS TO EDITOR
From Russia
How do you do? Let me introduce myself. I’m Evgeniz Rodin, 21 of age, from Russia. I’m on the fighting way since 1998. I was very happy to find your address of such a well known and respected organization on net. In the bottom of my heart I’ve an inner conviction, that we’ll win if we act dicisively not as Russian, German, American, but as Aryan (white people)
It was the Aryan who created this civilization and now the task is how to preserve, to keep it for our children. It’s huge work and we should do it by joint effort. We are white and we are under the threat of death. There are a lot of national movements in Russia. But we need to work our efforts -yours and ours.
My friend from Moscow produce the White Racial magazine. As to me, when I was 16,1 was detained by cops for spreading racial information, but everything finished well. Now we are checking national political party. We have to fight for place in big politcs, arts, newspapers, radio.
I know it will require much effort but only all this will be ours in victory!
All your material will give moral support to us and we share your white words with us and hope to find and take the information about your organization for national magazine in Moscow and papers in Voroneth.
I hope we keep in touch with each other. For sake of the white race, we fight for God and our children. Evgenig, Russia
Dear Knights,
Thankyou for sending The Crusader. I enjoy it very much and am pleased to see a wide variety of material covered. I home school my children and find it very useful during our “social studies” session. Christian schools won’t touch topics of race unless trying to prove that God wants everyone to integrate. The Crusader should be part of every parent’s teaching tools. Please renew my subscription.
Sincerely, Mrs. Lloyd — Rochester, NY
Dear HQ,
Please find enclosed my activity report for this month and an order for 50 Intro to The Knights leaflets. I want to let you know how much I appreciate everyone in The Knights. I know there is always so much work to do and I thank God there are men and women there who put aside so many other things they could spend their time on so that our great organization can move forward. I hope you see by my activity report that I am trying to do my part. Sometimes I feel that it isn’t enough, but then I get an e-news that reminds me that God requires we do our best, not do it all. I appreciate your honesty that it won’t be through our effort, but through the effort of Jesus Christ that we will have victory. But still you remind us that we should never slack off on our activity. We are role models. Thank you again! Mark, NB
Hey x!x&#!!.
Don’t ever send this trash to my home again! I think every word you say is a bunch of x!@xp#@. If I could get you alone you would see the error of your ways in about 5 minutes! My son is a good kid and he doesn’t need your hate full !%@#$!. My preacher says to love EVERYONE! There is no room in this world for homophobic ignorant @1A@#$!*# &!#$@. Go %&!*%$ yourself!
A REAL Christian - Howard - Atlanta, Georgia
Continued from Page 1
level when it decreed and ordered that it is what it is not — a union of two men, two women, or a man and a woman.
The Massachusetts court's decree created a head-on collision with reason and the unbroken testimony of the ages: From marriages come families, from families, clans, from clans, tribes, and from tribes, nations. It is not merely the procreative force of the male-female union that gives life to civilization; it is the normative relationship reflected in this union that nurtures, instructs, and superintends societal life at every level. The entire matrix of human civilization is ordered within this life-creating and sustaining paradigm. Continued on Page 10
GOD BLESS AMERICA? He Will, But When?
By John Kundrot
Will God bless a nation that has turned it's back on Him. Do we need reminding of just how he dealt with the Biblical cities of Sodom & Gomorrah?
We all live in a nation that no longer practices repentance, but relaxes in the easy chair of ''Tolerance!'' One of the chief architects of the program that spreads this deceptive message of "Tolerance" is the Jewish ATHEIST Anti Defermation League (ADL) through their nation wide “No Place For Hate" campaign. That's a great title for their program, because if you disagree with any part of their program and do not conform to the ATHEIST Jewish ADL's belief system and "Tolerate" homosexuality, support same sex marriage. Go along with interracial dating & marriage... (all of which God's Holy word speaks out against) then you, according to the ATHEIST Jewish ADL's definition, are a hater and a bigot! (sounds like the ADL does not practice what they preach)
Jesus Christ did NOT preach "Tolerance" but REPENTANCE! Satan is the one that preaches "Tolerance." Satan "Tolerates" everything and everybody; the murderer, the rapist, the homosexual, the thief, the drug dealer, the child molester, the pomographer, the drunk driver, the robber, those who preach his message of "Tolerance", those who have removed the Ten Commandments from our public buildings, those who have removed the Nativity scene from all public display, those who give your children condoms in public school, those doctors who murder the unborn, those who violate the racial laws of nature!
The ADL is a Jewish ATHEIST organization	bent	on
promoting their agenda and collecting hundreds of millions of dollars in yearly donations to further their attack upon our Christian values and beliefs. Has anybody ever asked what or where the money collected by the ADL goes?
We as Christians should be reaching out to our Lord Jesus Christ for our hope and answers and not an ATHEIST Jewish organization such as the ADL. Jews do NOT believe in our Lord Jesus Christ. Jesus said to the Jews; "You know neither Me nor my father..." (John 8:19) and "If God were your father you would have loved me..." (John 8:42) and again " I am the way, the truth, and the life; no man comes unto the Father but
Haveyou
Heard the I \ vjj News?
The Members ONLY Website is ON Line NOW www.theknightsparty.com
If you are an associate of The Knights, e-mail us at members@kkk.com or call 870-427-3414 to get your Username and Password. You’ll be glad you did!
Lots of info, chat room, message board
through me." (John 14;6) Therefore the Jews are ATHEIST and separated from God forever! Don't take my word for it, pick up your Bible and read the book of John. Better yet, call the ADL office in the city in which you live and ask if they believe in and promote Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior! Call your local Rabbi and ask the same, I bet he say's no or even hangs up on you! We do not need Jewish ATHEIST programs to teach our children their values and thus separate ourselves from God. What we need to do is repent and turn back to God and follow HIS WORD! Then and only then will GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Florida Legislators Want Amendment to Allow 10 Commandments
More than a dozen Florida state legislators want Congress to amend the U.S. Constitution or restrict federal courts so that the Ten Commandments can be displayed in government buildings. The lawmakers are outraged that federal judges forced the removal of a Ten Commandments monument placed in Alabama's judicial building by the now ousted Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore. The Florida lawmakers heard a presentation in Tallahassee from Light of the World Ministries attorney Judy Webb Sipes, who contends that Christians "should have the same freedom of speech that a pornographer has." Sipes said, "if pornography can be displayed in a public museum and financially supported, and we're told 'if it's offensive don't look,' then we should have that same freedom of speech to post the Commandments, if you're offended don’t read it." State Representative Dennis Baxley says he plans to file a resolution in the Florida Legislature urging Congress to protect the right to display the Ten Commandments in public places.
SHAME ON THEM!!!!!
Meanwhile, Alabama Baptists resolved at their recent annual convention to endorse the public display of the Ten Commandments, but to distance their denomination from the former chief justice of Alabama. The revised resolution deleted
Continued on Page 4
Above: Abe Foxman National Chairman of the hate group Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B'rith. His main job is to write to celebrities and powerful people who say something unkosher and temporarily forget that Jews are a special criticism-proof people.
Page 3
Continued from Page 3
all references to Roy Moore after some denominational leaders	voiced
concerns	that	the
Baptist church could be viewed as endorsing the judge’s defiance of the federal courts. Through a source,	Moore
responded	to	the
resolution	by
observing	that	the
denomination's stance was contradictory, in that it is "inconsistent theology" to support a public display of God's laws while upholding a federal judge's prohibition of such displays	by
public officials.
MEMORIES FROM THE PAST
It’s 1994 and National Director Thomas Robb is being given a subpoena from the Texas Human Rights Commission demanding that he turn over the Texas membership lists. Pastor Robb refused to accept the subpoena and the officer of the court had to jam it into his pocket. Allegations had been made that we had violated the civil rights of blacks by the distribution of Klan literature to white residents in Texas housing projects in the city of Vidor. The Texas state director was also subpoenaed for refusing the delivery of names to state authorities. After a short stay in jail for his refusal to turn over the names he was release. The Knights eventually won the case before the Texas Supreme Court.
Make YOUR Voice Heard
By John Kundrot
One of the most important things that we can do as associates of the Knights is to be vocal within our community. When we read in our local newspaper of an event or an action by an individual that is ''offensive" to our race we must not be complacent or passive, we must speak out! To remain silent would achieve the same effect as a doctor not removing a cancerous tumor and letting the disease fester and grow until death occurs. Be vocal, take the time to write a letter to the editor
$7.95
Order from Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601 or call 870-427-3414 for credit card orders
The American judicial branch is out of control, dominating both the executive and legislative branches. This book reveals how the Founders restrained overactive courts utilizing the only Constitutional tool available-impeachment. Learn how we can do the same today to reinstate judicial accountability.
of your local newspaper and let your voice be heard! Show your neighbors that you are proud of your race, willing to take a stand, and refuse to be used as doormat for those who hate the White race. You could then follow it up with a Knights literature distribution in	your	area,	thus	giving	hope to
those of our race who feel all is lost. Show those who have been mislead that	all is	not	lost,	they	have not
been forsaken, that there are still men and women of courage, patriots who stand for God, Race, and Nation! Below is a recent letter written by a Knights’ associate to the editor of a regional newspaper speaking out about a black agitator at a local high school. Letter to the editor BELOW:
‘7 am writing in response to an article that was in the enterprise on Nov. 15th trFormer Student urges more Diversity in Avon Schools", 1 find what this woman did at Avon High to be hateful and discriminating toward whites and a double standard and all people should be outraged. The article states that Janet Allen is a former student at Avon High and she is a self proclaimed TROUBLE MAKER, She was hanging around on school property at Avon High School trying to stir up the emotions of the black students and she was trying to promote racism within the school system. If a White person did the same thing as her by hanging around on school property and stirring up the emotions of white students and promoting racism within the studen bodys and school system, the white person would be called a hateful racist bigot agitator and would be arrested and charged with trespassing and hate crimes. Where was the ADL when this black woman was causing trouble, If it was a white person.... the ADL would be there screaming about hate, bigotry and how hurt their feelings were! Non whites will applaud Janet Allen for her actions, but a white person would be arrested and labelled a hateful person. This Janet Allen is trying to create racism in the Avon school system and because she is black, she knows she can get away with it. This only goes to prove that there is an attempt to silence white people, but non whites can do and say what they want. Its incredibly unfair and racist. And still we are told that only whites
Continued on Page 10
Page 4
HomeSchooled Student Shuts Down Local Movie Gallery Porn Sales
A home school graduate and current Christian college student who took on a pornographic video vendor and won says if people do not stand up for family and community values, then they cannot expect anything to change. Naomi Harralson, who was home-schooled, went on to attend Patrick Henry College in Purcellville, Virginia, where she is now a junior. School president Mike Farris has called Harralson a fine example of how the vision of home education is working. As a class project, the college student went after a local Movie Gallery and was successful in forcing the Purcellville video store to discontinue its practice of selling and renting pornographic movies — something even local police and prosecutors had not been able to do. Harralson humbly credits prayer as the key to her success, and says, "/ didn't know whether or not this would lead to any kind of victory, but that is no reason not to fight." The young collegian hopes her battle will encourage more ordinary people to speak up in defense of family values. "If we as citizens in our communities do not stand up and protect our own collective safety and our standards and quality of life, no one will," she says. The unique mission of Patrick Henry College is to train young Christian men and women to lead America and shape its culture with timeless biblical values — something Harralson has already begun to do.
10 Commandments Under Attack in Georgia by Federal Judge
A federal judge has ruled that the Ten Commandments must be taken off public display in Habersham County, Georgia. The displays were opposed by the American Civil Liberties Union and a Baptist minister, who said they do not belong in government buildings. In Habersham County, the Ten Commandments are posted just inside the entrance to the courthouse and at a county swimming pool. The group Family Concerns supports the displays and is meeting to determine how
Above Citizens concerned about ensuring a moral environment for their families, picket a Movie Gallery video store .
to respond to the judge's ruling. The ACLU is also suing Barrow County, Georgia, for displaying the Ten Commandments in its courthouse
Senator Wants Offensive “Racist” Slurs Off Map
Appalled by worldwide news reports that a rural Florida bridge bore the offensive name of a character in Mark Twain's ''The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn,'' a veteran South Florida legislator wants public agencies to check their maps for any racial slurs.
State Sen. Steve Geller, D-Hallandale, filed a bill after seeing a Reuters news report in a South Florida newspaper that said there are 144 places throughout the country with names that use the word "nigger" in some fashion. As an example, the British wire service cited "Nigger Jim Hammock Bridge" in Hendry County, on a two-lane road near Clewiston.
The news story was picked up on several Web sites featuring political commentary.
"It's not the highest priority on my or anybody's agenda, but there is no reason today that anybody ought to have 'Nigger Jim Bridge"' Geller said. "If there was a 'Long-nosed Jew Highway' somewhere in the state, I'd feel the same"
But some conservatives are worried that a politically correct witch hunt could result from his bill. And the Hendry County manager says he's never heard of a "Nigger Jim Hammock Bridge."
Typing in the name on the index of the home page of the U.S. Board of Geographic Names, the federal agency cited in the Reuters report, brings up a place map for "Negro Jim Hammock Bridge" and a site map showing a location southwest of Moore Haven. Roger Payne, executive secretary
Continued on Page 6
The Torch
Published by Thomas Robb Ministries Edited by Nathan and Anna Robb
Ask for your Sample Copy TODAY!
and
Visit us on the Web
www.christianidentity.tv
12 Issue Subscription to The Torch $15
Don’t Forget to find out about our Monthly Tape Program -Biblicaly Sound Sermons for White Christians
Also: We offer a 1 year Correspondence Bible Course!
PO Box 534 Bergman, AR 72615
Page 5
Continued from Page 5
of the federal board, said it officially changed all such names to "Negro” in 1963 and changed "Jap" to "Japanese" wherever it occurred in U.S. Geological Survey records in 1971. But he said "the records retain the variant or former name" of all 144 places as a secondary reference in federal databanks.
Payne said there are 13 places in Florida with names like "Negro Cove, Negro Island, Negro Camp Island." But he said some might be rooted in the Spanish word for black, rather than referring to a race of people.
Only four of the 13 Florida places in the USGS National Mapping Information site list the word as an original name - the Hendry County bridge and Negrotown Knoll and Negrotown Marsh, both in Highlands County, and Negro Head, a cape in Lee County.
Geller introduced a bill (SB 444) requiring Secretary of State Glenda Hood to check names of state landmarks for blatantly offensive terms. City and county governments would be required to do the same within their borders.
Geller, who is Jewish, said he doesn't like the name of Jewfish Creek in the Florida Keys. But he said that wouldn't have to be changed because it refers to a long-recognized type of fish and might not be judged offensive by local residents.
"I'm not setting standards here and not trying to change Dixie County or Robert E. Lee Highway somewhere, but I think we can all agree that 'Nigger Jim Bridge' is pretty offensive," Geller said. "7 think it would be good for each city and county government, and the state, to revisit the names of roads and bridges or other public places and make sure they are not blatantly outrageous."
'Orwell would be proud'
Mac Watters of Panama City, past state chairman of the League of the South, sees an Orwellian trend in the proposal. The state can't change its history by sanitizing some names, he said, and the "bureaucrats" who try to are often pressured by the most vocal critics.
"I am a dedicated Southerner, and I love my Southern history," said Watters, a construction worker who said he is sometimes offended by things people say about his heritage, "but it just rolls off me."
You can't even go to a football game now and do an Indian chant because some people think it's going to offend people," he said. "George Orwell would be proud of these bureaucrats. In '1984,' he wrote about government people rewriting history and they are."
Judge Orders Mother to Stop Homophobic Teaching
Christian legal experts warns that a Colorado judge’s order to a Christian mother to avoid exposing her 8-year-old daughter to “homophobic” religious teaching could lead to more abuses.
A Colorado court on April, 28, 2003, told Dr. Cheryl Clark to desist from sharing her faith’s teaching on homosexuality with her daughter, and also awarded shared parenting to Clark’s former lesbian partner, Dr. Elsey McLeod. McLeod has no biological relationship with the child.
uWe have to stop this case before other courts extend similar awards in future cases,” Liberty Counsel’s Mat Staver told Concerned Women for America’s (CWA’s) Culture & Family Institute. Staver, who filed an amicus brief on October 27, called it || clash between the Christian worldview and the homosexual
worldview. One of them is going to win. If the homosexuals win, then Christians will be silenced.”
“This case is the extreme of what I've seen percolating in other courts, ” he added. “ Judges have told parties in prior custody cases to not speak ill of the other parent, but this is the first time a judge has actually restricted someone’s parental and religious rights.”
The materials that Justice John Coughlin of the District Court of the City and County of Denver deemed “homophobic” were from Focus on the Family, a Christian ministry devoted to strengthening families.
“The order restricting the religious instruction of the daughter violates the natural mother's constitutional rights to direct the religious training of her children,” Staver said. “The order forbids the mother from exposing her daughter to anything ‘homophobic. ’ It takes no stretch of the imagination to envision a judge finding the mother in contempt of court for merely teaching her daughter about the Biblical truths on homosexuality.”
Clark, whose attorney, James Rouse, appealed the order on June 11, left the relationship with McLeod and became a Christian. McLeod remains a practicing lesbian.
Students lobby for University Porn Club
Students at a state university that drew attention earlier this year for hosting a "Pomfest" are lobbying to make their pornography club a sponsored campus organization.
The Club for Persons of Randy Nature, or P.O.R.N., meets every Tuesday in a dorm room to watch free pornographic films while enjoying popcorn and soda, reports the student newspaper of Western Washington University in Bellingham, Wash.
The club apparently drew standing-room-only crowds of 30 to 40 students to a tiny dorm room, prompting residence hall staff to suggest the group become an official Associated Students club, which would enable them to have a proper meeting room.
Peter Rosenburg, associate director of University Residences, said there is no policy barring watching pornography in a dorm room, but the concern is some students might not want it and conflicts could arise, according to the student paper, the Western Front.
However, an Associated Student leader, citing the school's bad publicity surrounding the "Pomfest," said she didn’t think it would be worth risking cutbacks in funding and injuring the schools.
The school held its 11th annual National Outdoor Intercourse Day observance in May, with offerings such as condom hunts, a masturbation information table and "Pomfest," a showing of award-winning pornographic films along with discussion sessions. Brochures were distributed to inform students of the "repercussions of sex outdoors," and a guest lecturer from a "sexpositive" community center in Seattle spoke on dispelling the "myths" surrounding polyamory - having sexual relationships with more than one person at a time.
Some Pennsylvania lawmakers have tried to block funding to Penn State University for holding similar events. "It's fine if [Club for P.O.R.N.J wants to get together and watch porn Jason Wilmot, Associated Students vice president for activities, told the Western Front. "But they need to find a new venue to
Continued on Page 8
Page 6
tuicy*^ itrytAU unu fUUJl.
VII
***** nniv whitPK
White Christian Heritage Festival 2003
The Recently Held Festival in Pulaski, TN was GREAT! Enjoy the Pictures Below and we Hope to See You Next Year!!!
A Special Thanks to the volunteers at
festival! We couldn ’t do it without you!
Page 9

YOUR STATE ADOPT A HIGHWAY UTTER CONTROL NEXT 1 MILE KNIGHTS OF THE KU KLUX KLAN
Victory in the
A Legal Analysis of the Recent Adopt a Highwa y Court Case
BY ATTORNEY JASON ROBB
Above: High quality replicas of the Adopt -a- Highway Sign are available with your state's name on it - Contact Hie Knights for more info (870-427-3414) or wAvw .kkk.com - Just like the real thing! Great gift or collectible!
Continued from Page 6 watch it because it's not in the university's best interest to make them an AS club”
The paper noted "national media sources showcased Western" after the controversy last May, resulting in "the president's office receiving more than 100 phone calls and e-mails from the media, angry parents and citizens condemning the event as an abuse of taxpayers' money ." "State funding-wise, it's not smart for our money to go to a porn club ” Wilmot told the Western Front. Club for P.O.R.N. is discouraged by the response, said a founder, freshman Ryan Famcomb, but continues, nevertheless, to meet each week. "1 can understand why [the AS] would object to it because I don't think a lot of people consider porn appropriate or politically correct" said Famcomb, who calls himself a "porn connoisseur.” "We have no long-term plans except to continue meeting."
White Students Still Out of Luck at Univ. Of Massachusetts
By John Knndrot
In order to comply with a recent Supreme Court decision on collage race based admissions, the University of Massachusetts at Amherst has done away with it's 3 year old admissions policy of adding "points'’ to minorites applications for admission to the school, although race will still be considered said collage officials.
According to Michael Gargano UMass-Amherst vice chancellor for student affairs and campus life, "Race" will still be considered along with other factors such as SAT scores, class rank, and grade point average. Not only has Gargano said that he does not anticipate accepting fewer minority students but "vowed to boost recruitment nationwide to make sure the non-white applicant pool grows” School officials stated that the new admissions policy is under review but hoped it to be in place in time for the fall of 2004 admissions class.Gargano said that the university’s goal was to "embrace a broader kind of diversity naming groups from a wide spectrum, including transgenders..."
I must admit that this story blew me away. For the Vice Chancellor of the University of Massachusetts to "vow” to boost "non-white” enrolment is a blatant slap in the face to those White students who will be passed over in favor of a "non-white’’ or a ”Xransgender\”
So I guess if you are a "White" student in Massachusetts
looking to further your education you best be looking some place other than the University of Massachusetts because their admissions policy will soon be reading " Whites need not applyl”
Member of German Parliment Cites Jewish Backing of Russian Revolution
Allegations that a German member of parliament said Jews were to blame for killings during the Russian revolution drew outrage and resignation demands.
Martin Hohmann, a member of the opposition Christian Democrats (CDU), said in an October 3 German Unity Day speech that the large number of Jewish Bolsheviks meant Jews had special responsibility for events of the Russian revolution, according to a Hessischer Rundfunk radio report.
"We can, with certain justification, view the millions of dead in the revolution's first phase and ask about the guilt of the Jews" said Hohmann as quoted by the radio station in a speech made in his home town of Neuhof near Fulda.
Hohmann went on to say it was clear that a large number of Jews were active at the command level for the execution squads of the dreaded Soviet secret police, the Cheka, said the report. "For this reason one can speak of the Jews with a certain justification as a perpetrator nation. This may sound horrible but it follows the same logic as those who describe the Germans as a perpetrator nation," said Hohmann according to Hessische Rundfunk.
“Klanswoman” in Canada Gets Over 1000 Votes in Recent City Election
Most Ottawans stayed home during the recent Canadian election and Mayor Bob Chiarelli was re-elected to a second term with the lowest voter turnout in at least 30 years. Yet, one candidate did perk of the ears of residents and helped establish the fact that there are still quite a few racially minded individuals around.
Donna Upson, a 25-year-old white separatist counted the Ku Klux Klan among her supporters and said blacks and whites should not intermarry or live in the same neighbourhoods. She polled more than 1,000 votes even without heavy campaiging or the strong financial backing that most candidates are able to raise.
Page 8 .
rage 4
Adopt - a - Highway Court Case: A Legal Analysis
By Attorney Jason Robb
THOMAS ROBB, etal..
Plaintiffs,
On September 10, 2003, the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan (hereinafter "the Knights") won another victory in the courts when Catherine D. Perry, the United States District Judge for the U.S. Eastern District of Missouri, granted summary judgment in favor of The Knights and enjoined the State of Missouri Highway and Transportation Commission from denying the application of the Knights, Realm of Missouri, Unit 188, to participate in the Adopt-A-High way program on the basis of Mo. Code. Reg. Ann. Tit. 7, Seciton 10-14.030. (see the actual copy of the Declaratory Judgment on front page)
This case initially began in 1992 when the Knights filed a federal lawsuit against the State of Missouri for denying their application to participate in the Adopt A Highway program. In| the original case of Cuffley v.
Mickles, 208 F.3d 702 (8th Circ.2000), the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals held that the Missouri Highway and Transportation Commission had unconstitutionally denied the Knights’ application to the program based on it’s beliefs and advocacy. The case went as far as the U.S. Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court refused to hear the case, which meant that the Eighth Circuit’s ruling stood. After that ruling, the Commission adopted a new state regulation, which became effective in January of 2001. The regulations in part held that only eligible adopters where those, "who do not deny membership on the basis of race, color, or national origin." On April 19, 2001, Mr. Ralph L. Griffith obtained the application and mailed it to the national office, at which time, we reviewed the application and checked the appropriate section confirming that the Knights indeed did not allow non-whites from becoming members. We were fully aware that this would again be a test case in the courts and that this was again an attempt by the State of Missouri to deny The Knights’ right from participating in the adopt a highway program.
After receiving the application back from the National Office, Mr. Ralph Griffith, filed again an application on behalf of the Knights to participate in the Adopt-A-Highway program on a one-half mile long stretch of Route 21 in Washington County, Missouri. Don Hillis, a Commission state maintenance engineer, reviewed the Knights’ application under the "new" regulations, and on May 18, 2001, and citing the new regulation, the Commission again denied the application. On July 19, 2001, Mr. Griffith along with Thomas Robb, National Director of the
Page
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT EASTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI EASTERN DIVISION
Case No. 4:01 CV1133 CDP
Dated Oils 10* day of SepLcnJjci, 2003.
Knights, with the assistance of local Missouri attorney, Bob Herman, filed a Section 1983 federal lawsuit seeking declaratory judgment and injunctive relief against the State of Missouri. After that date, there were numerous depositions taken of Mr. Robb, Mr. Griffith, along with other state highway officials. The Knights along with the State of Missouri filed cross-motions for summary judgment.
U.S. District Judge Catherine D. Perry came back and held that the Eighth Circuit had already ruled in Cuffley v. Mickles, that the State of Missouri could not discriminate against the Knights as a result of their membership criteria. Further, Judge Perry stated that the "Supreme Court has stated that the ‘forced inclusion of an unwanted person in a group infringes the group’s freedom of expressive association if the presence of that person
affects in a significant way the group’s ability to advocate public or private viewpoints.’ Boy Scouts of America v. Dale, 530 U.S. 640, 648 (2000)(citing NewYork State Club Assn., Inc. v. City of New York, 487 U.S. 1, 13	(1988))."Freedom of
association...plainly resupposes a freedom not to associate." Roberts v. United States Jaycees, 468 U.S. 609, 622 (1984). The Commission’s new regulation contravenes this freedom by essentially requiring the Klan to alter its message... by	accepting
individuals of other races, colors, and national origins.” Therefore, Judge Perry granted The Knights’ summary judgment on this basis and on the basis of offensive collateral estoppel. The doctrine of collateral estoppel, or issue preclusion, which provides that when an issue of ultimate fact has already been determined by a valid and final judgment, that issue cannot be lititgated by the same parties in another lawsuit. See United States v. Brekke, 97 F.3d 1043, 1049 (8th Cir. 1996). Because the Eight Circuit had already ruled in favor of the Knights, the State of Missouri’s attempt to redraft it’s regulations in an attempt to deny the Knights was precluded from the previous ruling.
In conclusion, this has been a long battle, and one which will never be truly over. Every day, associates of the Knights continue to voice their displeasure of the current political scene and attempt to particpate in all of its operations. The Knights and all of its associates continue to be in the forefront fighting for virtue in this cultural war that is engulfin America. This victory demonstrates that your voice can be heard.
) ) ) )
V.	)
)
HENRY HUNGERBEELEK, et aL, )
)
Defendants.	)
DECLARATORY JUDGMENT
_____In accordance with the Memorandum and Order entered this same date,
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, AJDUDGED, and DECREED that plaintifft shall have suuiuiajy judgment.
IT IS FURTHER DECLARED that defendants are hereby enjoined from denying the application of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, Realm of Missouri, Unit 188, to participate in die Adopt-A-Highway program on the basis of Mo. Code Reg. Arm. tit 7, § 10-14.030.
IsL------------------------
CATHERINE D. PERRY UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE
Above: A photo copy of the summary Juddment by District Judge Catherine Perry regarding The Knights' win in the Missouri Adopt - a -High court case.
Continued from Page 4
can be racist. 1 know this letter will anger some people. But many others share my feelings, and that is the the truthl
............................................   End	of	Letter
We can no longer afford to be silent.. Speak out! Let vour voice be heard! And may God bless The Knights!
FCC Has Approved the “F” Word for Television - Anytime - Anywhere
The Federal Communications Commission has approved the use of the "F" word for use on any TV show or radio program, ANYTIME DAY OR NIGHT! The FCC said the word can be used whenever desired except in sexual situations! That means real soon you will be watching a sit-com on TV, or the news, a drama or movie-ANY PROGRAM-and you’ll hear even more R-rated language! Hollywood is rejoicing!
Soon, when you are driving your kids to school you may be
Pictured above are the FCC commissioners from left to right: Kevin Martin. Kathleen .Abernathy. Chairman Michael PowelL Michael Copps. Jonathan Adelstein. They think vulgar language is appropriate for children (and anyone for that matter) The “F“ word is now allowed on regular television.
listening to a song which makes extensive use of the word. Shock jocks such as Howard Stem are now free to use any language, no matter how vile and repugnant, on their radio shows. And use it they will. No longer will movies shown on TV have to be edited because of language.
Housewife Being Sued For Exposing Adoption Agency/Porno Connection
A housewife who blew the whistle on a business owner who operated both a child adoption agency and numerous hardcore pornographic websites, has been sued. Becky Swanson, a Texas resident and child adoption advocate, was contacted by a New Jersey Star-Ledger news reporter and provided information detailing the unseemly business activities of David Dolinsky a/k/a David Bentley. Once the story broke. New Jersey officials commenced an investigation of Dolinsky’s adoption agency, A Child’s Hope International. Shortly thereafter, state officials closed down the agency after discovering numerous violations of state law. The scandal motivated New Jersey lawmakers to enact legislation requiring the Department of Family and Youth Services to take into consideration the applicant’s character, as well as making the applicant undergo a thorough background check prior to being issued licenses. Mrs. Swanson is represented without charge by the American Family Association Center for Law & Policy (“Center”), a public interest law firm located in Tupelo, Mississippi. Dolinsky, a resident of Franklin, New Jersey, was the owner/operator of numerous for-profit hardcore pornographic websites offering or making available sexually-explicit materials described as “rape, I rape and torture, ”
“barely legal, ” “teen,” and “pre-teen” Mr. Dolinsky claimed in court papers that all of his website offerings were legal.
“Legal or not, the materials made available by Mr. Dolinsky were patently offensive to the average American. Offering materials purporting to depict rape and torture certainly raises serious questions about Mr. Dolinsky’s fitness to work with minorssaid Michael J. DePrimo, Senior Litigation Counsel with the Center. Joseph R. Murray, a Staff Attorney with the Center observed that “it is not rocket science for the State of New Jersey to conclude that pornography and child care just does not mix. ” “Mrs. Swanson should be commended for protecting the interests of vulnerable children. Instead, she is being treated as a scapegoat,” Deprimo added.
Massachusetts High Court / Gay Marriage Continued from Page 3
The Massachusetts court, like the United States Supreme Court - which recently ordered the nation to view same-sex sodomy as normative - has tampered with our cultural DNA, and the consequent mutation will reap unimaginable consequences for Massachusetts and our country.
For the first time in the history of political society, a civil authority has declared that deeply embedded moral norms will henceforth no longer be normative. The only historical event that comes even close is the French Revolution, and that gave us the Reign of Terror in the name of liberty.
We have been handed a culture war. In order to impose their will on society, courts had to fundamentally alter the nature of constitutional government. Prior to this era of law and morals by judicial fiat, politics in America was about disagreement and compromise mediated through elections and within legislative bodies. Disagreements occurred at the margins of social intercourse, if you will, because there was essential agreement about the nature of man, including consensus on the moral norms that have been obliterated by the courts over the past 30 years.
The magisterial decree of the Declaration of Independence regarding the dignity of man and the source of his rights is the accredited fountainhead of all political rivers. Polarities on the political spectrum are synthesized into a sort of equilibrium through the art of compromise. Politics, then, is a dialectic about how government can best protect and serve men and women who are created in the image of God. Reasonable minds differ over how government might go about doing this, but it is a disagreement over means, not first principles. Political dialogue, however, has been replaced by the raw judicial power of men and women who are unaccountable to the people whose society they are altering and destroying.
Just as one cannot compromise on the laws of physics when building an aircraft, compromise is not possible on such questions as who is human or what is marriage; if you want an answer to these questions that is precisely opposite the answer society has given since the beginning of time, then you must have it decreed so by a court. That is because legislators reflect the people they serve and courts do not; passing a law declaring, for example, that same-sex sodomy is normative is inconceivable in the legislative context. Only a court is capable of such intellectual dishonesty, moral bankruptcy, and unbounded arrogance.
The courts must be herded back into their constitutional corral and made to discard their lab coats. They have stolen from us the right to govern ourselves and order our lives according to the moral frame that is woven into the very fabric of our humanity.
Page 10
Literature — Union, MS Letter to Editor, Union Appeal - MS Clothing donation - Salvation Army -Meridian, MS
Clothing donation - Salvation Army — Johnson City, TN
Assisted invalid couple with shopping, meals, housework — Johnson City, TN Literature distribution — Beaver Dam, KY
Literature Distribution — Kingston, Duxbury, N. Pembroke, Hanover, Rockland, Brockton, Stoughton, MA Letter to Editor - Rochester, NY Democrat and Chronicle News Research - Rochester, NY Literature Distribution - Heber Springs, AR
Literature distribution — Concord, Almond, Wolf Baykou, AR Literature Distribution - Garner, Nashville, Fuguay-Varaina,
Raleigh,Cary, NC
Literature distribution -Emporia, VA Literature distribution - Alpharetta, Atlanta, GA
Literature Distribution - Kernersville, Colfax, Greensboro, NC Literature Distribution, Render, LA Literature distribution Hamburgh, Conway, AR
Literature distribution - Reeseville, Golconda, Metropolis, IL Literature distribtuion - Columbia,
MS
Letter to Editor - Columbia, MS Literature distribution — Brunsfield, Eddyville, IL
Letter to Editor — Cokonda, IL Literature distribution - Weymouth, Marshfield, Canton, MA Literature distribution - Big Springs, TX
Literature distribution, Crowville Fern day, LA
Literature distribution, Rochester, Austin, Blooming Prairi, MN Literature distribution - Bristol, Va Literature distribution - Purvis, Columbia, Hattiesburg, MS Literature distribution - Batesville, Newport, AR
Literature distribution - Bakersfield, CALiterature distribution - Cuyahaga Falls, Monroe Falb,
•	Troup, Kilgore, TX
•	Clothing donation - Troup, TX
Letter to editor - Tri County Leader -TX
Literature distribution - San Angelo,
TX
Literature distribution, Olathe, KS Literature distribution - Padukah, Marion, Salem, Sturgis, Henderson, Evansville, KY
Literature distribution — Lake village, Terra Haute, Evansville, IN Letter to Editor - Kansas City Star, Independence, Examiner-Missouri Literature distribution - Las Vegas, Carson City, NV
Literature distribution - Plymouth, West Bridgewater, Worcester, East Bridgewater, Milton, Avon, Sharon, Hanson, MA
Literature distribution — Cleveland,
Boyle, Grenada, MS
Literature sent to Nevada state
officials. Las Vegas city officiab -
Henderson City officiab
Literature distribution - Vero Beach,
Lewiston, Okeechobee FL
Letter to editor -(3) Okeechobee Times
Furniture and appliances donated
toneedy families - FL
Literature distribution — Mercersburg,
PA
Clothing donation to Salvation Army -Augusta, Galiterature distribution — Abbeville, Greenville, Greer, SC Literature distribution - Elberton, Washington, GA
Literature distribution - Wisconsin State Fair
Literature distribution - Summerville, Hanahan, Goose creek, N. Charleston, SC
Letter to editor — Edmonton Sun — England —
Literature distribution — Edmonton, England
Food basket donation - Edmonton , England
Literature distribution — Crossville,
Dand ridge, TN
Literature distribution — Elkton, MD Literature distribution - Toms Brook Ruthon, VA
Literature distribution, Cleveland, OH Literature distribution - Toledo OH Literature distribution - Dexter, Ml Literature distribution -Cuba Kansas City, Boonville, MO • Literature distribution — Council Bluffs, Walcott, IA
Page 11
•	Literature distribution — E. Brunswick, NJ
•	Literature distribution - Manada Hills, Greencastle, Harbor Creek, PA
•	Literature distribution - Foxworth, MS
•	Literature distribution — Rochester,
NY
•	Literature distribution - Memphis, TN
•	Literature distribution - Tucson, Pheonix, Flagstaff, Nogalis, AZ
•	Literature distribution — Butte, MT
•	Literature distribution - Cheyenne,
WY
•	Literature distribution — Los Angles, CA
•	Literature distribution - Amarillo, Dallas, Ft. Worth, Vidor, Brownsville, Midland, Paris, TX
•	Literature distribution — Lucust Grove, Cleburne County, Hot Springs, Russelville, Clarksville, Harrison, Bergman, LeadHill, Marshall, AR
•	Literature distribution — Pulaski, Lawrenceburg, TN
•	Literature distribution — Edmonton , Lamont, Brudenheim, Canada
•	Winter Clothing donation - Canada
•	Literature distribution - Tunner Lake, Saranac Lake, Queens, Long Island, Schenectady, NY
•	Literature distribution — Hurley, NM
•	Literature distribution — Dublin San Leandro, Livermore, CA
•	Literature distribution - Dandridge, TN
•	Literature distribution - London, OH
•	Literature distribution — Perryville, MD
•	Literature distribution - Loraine, Colorado City, Snyder, TX
•	Literature distribution — Americans living in Japan
•	Literature distribution - St. Joe, Ml
•	Literature distribution Virginia City, NV
•	Literature distribution - Newport, TN
•	Literature distribution-Germany
•	Missionary in Romania — Bringing people to Christ
•	Literature distribution - Madrid Spain
•	Literature distribution — Lincon, NE
•	Literature distribution - Chicago, IL
•	Literature distribution - Milwak. Wl
•	Literature distribution - OK City, OK
•	Literature distribution - Spokane, WA
•	Literature distribution - Condon, OR
•	Volunteer at nursing home - Monroe, LA
v .tit y zvjv-t
Vlay^Jod Bless You
v ed
Ones this Christmas!
Nathan
Charity(
Muriel
Pastor Robb
Richard
Robert
Rachel P.
Not Pictured: Cynthia O* Grady and Paul Jefferson
From all of us here at the
National Headquarters of The
Knights - Christmas 2003
l	Non	Silba	j
Ik.	Sed Anthar	^fl
Anna
Mark