The Knights’, Thomas Robb, dir. / P.O. Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601 / 870-427-3414 / www.kkk.com/ Issue # 136
Children’s Advocacy Group Welcomes Homosexuals
One of the nation’s largest and most trusted children’s advocacy groups is saying that they have no problem with homosexuals volunteering in their organization. But, these volunteers don’t work in a corporate setting; they are involved in on going relationships with children.
That group is the Big Brothers and Big Sisters of America. Some local agency directors are fuming that hey have received a mandate from the BB-BS’s board of
Big Brothers Big Sisters
OF AMERICA
directors demanding that volunteers cannot be excluded because of their sexual orientation.
Local agency directors who adhere to the Christian faith are having to choose between putting children in danger or saying goodbye to years of service with the group and for some their career with the organization.
Students Told to Remove Pro-Life Shirts or Else
A group of pro-life college students participating in a cross-country march were stopped from crossing the Golden Gate Bridge recently by Bridge patrol officers.
The college students reported that as they approached the bridge they were stopped by officers and told their T-shirts were not allowed on the bridge. On the front of the shirt it read “Pro-Life”. The back of the shirt boasted an American flag.
Bridge authorities told the students that their T-shirts were a form of political protest and for that reason they
were not allowed to cross the bridge. Walkers who resisted were informed that they could get up to a $10,000 fine and a year in jail.
Some students chose to cross the bridge and reported that their I.D.S were copied.
March leaders are in contact with attorneys to discuss litigation.
Congressman Wants it Easier for Immigrants in United States Military to Become Citizens
A Democrat from Texas is pushing legislation to make it easier for immigrants to get U.S. citizenship for serving in the military.
Congressman Martin Frost wants to reduce the waiting in which immigrants serving in the military can become citizens from three years to two years. He also suggests waiving all fees and letting the soldiers go through citizenship processes at U.S. Embassies around the world.
Not only is the idea of “making it easier” for
Continued on Page 2

The beautiful and historic Golden Gate Bridge in California was the site of anti-Christian bullying by bridge guards. Pro-life students were refused passage.
Mr. Frost wants to make it easier for foreigners to become citizens and U.S. soldiers.
Continued from Page 1
immigrants in the military to earn	citizen
status, ludicrous in itself, but the very idea of them serving in the first place is insanity.
Right now the U.S. military has	47,5000
non-citizens serving in the forces - most are not of European descent. It is a very dangerous practice that should be curtailed immediately!
All types of training schools in the U.S. which could be used	by
terrorists as learning tools for their own murderous plots against Americans are being monitored by government agencies. Flight schools are monitored. Scuba schools are being monitored. Yet we are allowing and
encouraging | foreign nonwhite nationals to take up residence in the military where they will receive an excellent education which they can then turn against the U.S. and get a soldiers salary paid by the taxpayers to boot. Congress should be ashamed for placing our families in harm's way!
Some who oppose the practice have been led to believe that the parent of the child still has the ability to choose the man or woman, who for all practicality is acting as a surrogate parent, to their child.
However thousands of kids nation wide are involved in the Big Brothers -Big Sister’s program by the arrangement of their school. The parent’s simply sign a release form and the school picks out the big brother or big sister for the child. They will then meet at school during lunch or recess or after school activities.
Its the after school activities that worries many. This is a pedophile dream to have unsupervised time with children. The fact that they are presented to the child as an authority figure puts the child into even more danger.
At a time when studies are backing up the long held belief that a major portion of homosexuals do not limit their sexual activity to adults and especially in light fcf, the pedophile priest scandal, it is outrageous that homosexuals would be paired off with innocent children and sent away with the approval of so many.
Big Brothers - Big Sisters have over 200,000 children in their program.
“Remember the Alamo” is Taboo in Houston
Most Americans at some point in their childhood can recall hearing the battle cry “Remember the Alamo”. Quite a few youngsters would take a break from playing cowboys and
indians to “fight” the Mexicans at the famous siege of
The Alamo has long been held by America as a military achievement Although the initial small band of U.S. soldiers were overwhelmed and slaughtered by invading Mexican troops, they were able to hold the troops back long enough to allow the reinforcements to overtake and ultimately conquer the Mexican army. It was a great victory for the U.S. and thousands of eager settlers who after making the Southwest productive, began seeing renegade Mexican outlaws and pillages attempt to move their way in to Texas territory — land unwanted and unsettled before the white man arrived.
the Texas fort by invading Mexican troops.
But this proud moment in Texas and U.S. history has been deemed unfit for consumption for students in Houston Independent School District
Angela Miller the social studies curriculum manager for the district says that they do not want any kids, including Mexican kids, to feel out of place. “We’re all in this together and we include those Hispanic kids who are now in our district who have a heritage from Mexico,” she said.	Continued	on	Page	4
The Crusader Published by Patriotic Suppliers PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601
Thomas Robb Editor Rachel Pcndcrgraft Asst. Editor
www.kkk.com
Issue #136
Watch This is the Klan Internet TV Show Each Week with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pcndergraft.
The FIRST and ONLY Weekly racialist News Broadcast - World Wide. This is the Klan - This is the Truth
Copyright 2002
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $15.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $40 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
You may wish to consider remembering The Knights in your will or trust. You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics. You can help support this important cause after you’re gone.
The Crusader / Page 2
Celebrating the iooth
Birthday of Walt Disney - A Hero
for All Generations
In part one, Jewish movie executives hold Walt Disney’s first creation Oswald the Lucky Rabbit “hostage”. Walt is told he can keep the copyright to his creation if he signs over his company to them.
He lets them have Oswald the Rabbit and keeps his company. He then comes up with Mickey Mouse and the American public begins a love affair with Disney Studio and their animation. Also a brief history of the early film industry:
Film inventor Thomas Edison is outraged that Jews are using his invention for smut. The first motion picture alliance is formed by Edison to protect the public from what he called “Jewish profiteers,” He takes a band of “muscle” and busts up the “nickelodeons” (name for early movie houses) and peepshows ail throughout New York’s east side setting street long block fires to root out the smut peddlers. Even this early in the advent of the film industry, homosexual and interracial pornography was rampant. Edison and his associate cinematographers feel they have a duty to only produce morally endowed films and that anti-Christian Jews have corrupted the art form. The Jews organize an effective, if illegal, underground to import foreign raw film stock and equipment and move their operation 3,000 miles away from Edison to California where the Hollywood movie industry is started. They couldn’t care less if movie were moral or not - their cheap thrills sold tickets infuriating men such as Henry Ford (founder of Ford motor company) who saw the Jews as a growing menace to the Christian foundation of the nation. He even writes a series of books exposing dirty Jewish secrets called “the International Jew”. (For a complete copy of part 1 of this article about Disney - write to HQ with your request)
PART 2
Nor was Ford the only famous Aryan American to oppose Jewish Hollywood. William Randolph Hearst, no friend of either Jews or the film industry, ran a series of editorials documenting the degeneracy and Marxism spewed out in the movies. In a not too flattering biography of Walt Disney titled “Walt Disney: Hollywood’s Dark Prince” by Marc Eliot in which he discusses the whole era, he writes: “Hearst’s campaign received much support in Congress, where the definition of movie morality had
expanded through the years to include not only sexual provocation but political subversion. In March of 1929, U.S. Senator Smith Brookhart summed up what he
considered the deteriorating situation in Hollywood as nothing more than a battle for profit at the cost of sexual and social morality between competing studios, led by ‘bunches of Jews’.”
,., i
The Crusader / Page 3
Mickey Mouse and the German Cross
Thus exposed to the facts of Jewish power in Hollywood, the veils dropped from Walt Disney’s eyes and he vowed to keep his studio Jew-free forever after. Beyond concern for his art, he wanted to fight the same menace that threatened his country and civilization. Disney joined the America First movement, an umbrella organization of the nation’s conservative rightist, including the Silver Shirts, in popular opposition to the war hysteria being generated from the nation’s capitol in Washington DC to the film capital in Hollywood. Walt did indeed become an outspoken activist, even sharing the same speaker’s podium with famous aviator Charles Lindbergh at America First mass rallies and radio speeches across the country.
Ever the wit, he could not resist surreptitiously inserting cryptic support for the Cause in his illustrations.
Inevitably both friends and foes caught on:
“There were those who began seeing ‘secret signals’ in Disney’s	work,
including, in one instance, a German cross in the final panel of a June 19,
1940 ‘Mickey Mouse’ cartoon strip. The flurry of apprehension surrounding the strip eventually reached the desk of J. Edgar Hoover after one of Disney’s ‘fans’ wrote the Bureau chief citing the June 19
Continued from Page 5
♦ OSWAUO
&

.v wxix/vewFy
.... _jr. .•wv.'sr-i.i.,.

Above: Advertising Posters for Oswald the Lucky Rabbit 1 Oswald was held hostage
Continued from Page 2
Those who are opposed to the exclusion of the traditional history of Texas in Texas schools are being portrayed as self-righteous bigots. One article written about the change in the textbook’s coverage of the Alamo siege, says, “ ‘purists’ are up in arms over the new curriculunf’ as if dissenters to the new history books are in search of some unattainable Anglo spin to what any educated person should know was the theft of Texas by white people.
“The only thing this change is going to accomplish”, says National Director Thomas Robb “is the Mure rebellion of millions of non-white Hispanics”.
“Houston may be among the first, but thousands of schools throughout America are beginning to convey the message to students that America’s great Southwest was stolen from Mexico. Many college professors already state it as fact.”
The fact is, says Mr. Robb, that while Texas has today a 40% Hispanic student population, Texas hasn’t always been a haven for non-white Hispanics. Even as late as the 1950’s and early 1960’s Texas only had a 2% Hispanic population in the entire state. They came to Texas only after white families settled there and caused the land to produce and become prosperous. These other people have no claim to Texas or any of
THE TORCH
Good Solid News, Views, and Bible Teaching from a White Christian Perspective.
Published by Thomas Robb Ministries Editors: Nathan and Anna Robb
Visit us on the Web! www.christianidentity.tv
Write for your sample copy today.
A 12-issue subscription is sent to those contributing $15.00 or more.
the Southwest
The problem: Will we teach that to our young people or will they get swept away in the tidal wave of crocodile tears being shed for the poor Mexicans who allegedly had their land stolen. That is entirely up to us and is a heavy responsibility.
Transsexual Lobbying Power on the Increase
This workshop of the Gender Public Advocacy Coalition is titled Butch/Femme or Top/Bottom. Exploring the sexual practices and expectations of lesbians or homosexuals in a transgender relationship -UGH
Lipstick applied, breast and buttock padding on and secure, checked for early sign of 5 O’clock shadow, a quick turn in front of the mirror and they’re off to lobby congress. He/She’s say people won’t be nice to them and it’s just not fair! Boohoo.
The Gender Public Advocacy Coalition, or GenderPAC, recently held a conference on transsexual values and then lobbied congressional members, asking them to sign nondiscrimination pledges. According to GenderPAC’s Executive Director Riki
Ann Wiichins, almost 100 members of Congress
signed the pledge!
Wiichins says they want the government to insure that no one will be discriminated against because of their gender expression.
Rachel Pendergraft of The Knights points out that signing the pledge will eventually lead to employers being forced to hire transsexuals or transvestites or face lawsuits. “ The first segment of society to embrace this will be all government run or controlled agencies and that brings us right to the public school where the majority of America’s children are still educated, if you can call it that Parents don’t like being given
Continued on Page 8
★
There are now suggestions to repeal the Texas flag because of its ties to the Confederacy and its “racist” background. White people in Texas are also targets of anti-white bigotry and hypocrisy
The Crusader / Page 4
Continued from Page 3
edition. The tan ‘ advised that ‘in the last section of Mickey Mouse by Walt Disney there is a very distinct German cross in the form of two crossed musical notes’.”
Indeed, the cross	in
question does not seem accidental, because of its placement over the words “the old cowhand.” Disney, an avid horseman, often referred to himself among his fellow weekend riders as “an old cowhand.” The cartoon was probably meant as an inside joke, the only public place Walt felt he could identify himself with anti-Communist German causes.
Meanwhile, the Babbitt strike (Noted in Part 1 - Babbist was cited by the FBI as a communist sympathizer who laid the groundwork for a strike against Disney - his sole intention was to make Disney Productions another Communist propaganda mill.) was hurting his studio by draining away key animators. The Jewish Communist strikers worked hand-in-glove with Jewish capitalist movie moguls still anxious to control Disney, one way or another, like Frank Tashlin, head of Harry Cohn’s “Screen Gems” company.
Among the first to sign with Tashlin was David Swift, one of Disney’s youngest and most promising animators.
17th Annual White Christian
downtown on the square in the birth place of the klan - Pulaski, Tennessee.
Come join us for a great time! October 19, 2002 lOam-until...
Bluegrass, country, and gospel music, speeches, Irish dance, Crafts and klan souvenirs (vendors
welcome - contact The Knights for info)
White Pride Walk Clowns, food, and games!
Check the web site for additional information / and lodgtng/camping info Sppn$ored;by The Knights|f|
VIDEO
What we are? Why we’re here? Where we’re going?
Mrs. Rachel Pendergraft discusses important Biblical truths relevant to our struggle for white Christian Revival. She will tell you why God has placed each one of us here. What is our God given position and what job assignment has God given to us. Where will our fight lead us? Will you be an overcomer and stand for righteousness.	Sound
teaching you may not have considered before.
When Walt learned of Smith’s plans to leave, according to the artist, “he called me in, finally, and putting on a sly Jewish accent he said, ‘Okay, Davy boy, off you go to work for those Jews. It’s where you belong, with those Jews’.”
Top Jew Seizes Disney Studios
Disney’s efforts to prevent his country from falling into a war for the liberation of Jewish profits came to a sudden end immediately after Pearl Harbor. His studio was seized by U.S. Army forces and he was forced to grind out propaganda short subjects by none other than Secretary of the treasury, Henry Morgenthau, author of the blood soaked “Morgenthau Plan” to liquidate the German people.
He bitterly campaigned to Roy and Lessing about how the studio was now being forced to accept “that Jew,” as Walt referred to the Secretary, as not just an advisor but a full partner who wanted to be in charge of everything. To Walt, the studio now functioned with Morgenthau’s message delivered by Disney’s messengers - political propaganda films that cashed in on the popularity of that all American mouse, Mickey, his sweetheart, Minnie, pal Donald, companion Goofy, and dog Pluto. At one point Disney was said to have referred to his beloved characters as captives forced to perform like so many little Pinocchios for a Stromboli like Morgenthau.
But the Jewish occupation of Disney studios was short lived and the military withdrew in 1943. Thereafter, Walt continued the fight, however futile, against the rising tide of Marxism, mostly by testifying before various government investigations of Communist infiltration in the arts and entertainment media. But the Jews never again were able to gain a foothold in Disney Productions, at least so long as he lived, and his name continued to be regarded around the world as a synonym for popular cultural excellence.	Continued	on	Page	9
Walt and his loving wife Lillian with their first daughter. They were devout Christians and very patriotic
Order From: Patriotic Suppliers PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601 $15.00 donation
The Crusader / Page 5
JO
National Director Thomas Robb and Constitutional attorney Jason M. Robb (left) prepare to meet with officials from Missouri
The Knights met with attorneys from the Missouri Dept, of Transportation at a recent deposition. State officials continue to drag out the case of The Knights vs. the Missouri State High Dept, even after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of The Knights in past proceedings. Never the less the case continues to draw support from locals and many find their way on to our web site. We are confident that the state will give up one day, but until then, we reap the benefits of what has ended up being a much-advertised campaign.
Show your support to Associates in the Boston Area!
In the spring of 2002 several people including one teenager were stopped while distributing literature in the Boston area. Supporters there have been putting out thousands of pieces of Knights information sheets. In fact, the ADL has attributed the effort to Massachusetts being third in the nation total and 1st in rate of growth of hate crimes. Of course we know that there is nothing hateful about handing out Christian leaflets telling about the wonderful heritage and destiny of the white race, however, to even mention it is deemed hateful by many. Visits to the web site from Massachusetts has increased more than 60 percent due to all of the publicity and HQ continues to receive calls from the press while staying on top of the entire situation. The work up there has sent thousands straight to our web site where they are able to get a first hand look at The Knights and what we believe. The three individuals held unlawfully by the local police have a team of constitutional attorneys working on their behalf. While most people are not stopped while distributing literature, we are proud that these three have stood courageous in the face of tyranny. To contact them write: knightsunitl 750@hotmail.com
Washington Officers hold Aryan Film Festival
My wife and I recently hosted the 1 st annual Aryan Film Festival in the Realm of Western Washington. If Sundance and Cannes can have their celebration of celluloid multiculturalism why can't White people do their own thing? This was a combined fundraising effort for our church's website KinsmanRedeemer.com and an opportunity to introduce people to the Klan. Our premier movie was 'Birth of a Nation' followed by 'Triumph of the Will' and 'Jud Suss'. It was three Saturday evenings of over 50 Aryan moviegoers enjoying a rare glimpse of historical filmmaking. I presented a 30-minute talk on the different eras of the Klan and the good work that the Knights are doing today under the directorship of Pastor Thom Robb. We had senior citizens and home schoolers, moms and dads and a good cross section of our culture. We had raffle prizes of books, Confederate flag decals, T-shirts and Klan artwork. Homemade popcorn and refreshments provided were probably better than the stuff at commercial theaters. Every person attending was grateful for the opportunity to see these dramas and documentaries. They are already asking 'when is the 2nd annual Aryan Film Festival' going to be? But best of all, some of our kindred have a new appreciation and understanding of what the KKKK is all about and why we're there for them in these troubled times. The event brought people together for fellowship and education and we plan on doing it again.
ITSUB, Pastor Mark Downey and Knights’ spokewoman Debbie Downey
Florida Unit A new unit is forming in the Jacksonville area, but Knights from any part of FL are welcome. Contact:
knightsrecruiter755@hotmail.com for more info.
Revival Center Update
Yes, its just a picture of insulation below, but we’re excited because we’re nearing the end of our construction of the White Christian Revival Center - complete with banquet facilities, stage area, bathrooms and showers, video production / sound room, and nursery with full view of the speakers and sound piped in so they don’t have to miss a moment of anything. Still we have much to do before the grand opening on Labor Day weekend. If you haven’t gotten behind this effort yet, please send the most generous contribution you can to the Building Fund, P.O. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601. We will recognize backers of this project at the 2002 national Klan congress. Please Help Today!
HO - Full Steam ahead
HQ reports that this past month continues to see office staff involved in a whirlwind of activities. Pastor Robb continues to be a favorite contact of reporters wanting to get the real story on the racialist movement. In addition to regional media outlets, he also talked with CourtTV, Associated News Network, Associated Press, BBC, and did a 30-minute nationwide radio show with Oliver North. The office and its volunteers also handles hundreds of interviews with the inquisitive mind of teens and young adults who are making reports, term papers, student press interviews, or college thesis. Pastor Robb and Mrs. Pendergraft have also been making a series of interviews with several book authors.
Book Bias against Klan Women, but causing renewed interest
The latest to be published is by Kathleen Bleeh, a college professor who wrote about women in the Klan. Although, her book is very anti-Klan with many outright lies, it has caught the interest of quite a few college women - questioning the findings of the book further by talking directly to the Klan. We know that when people who hold a deep hatred for us, actually gets to talk to us one on one, they will at least come to the conclusion that we aren’t monsters. And that is a very important start. We can’t blame a lot of these college kids - their parents did a lousy job of raising them. Hopefully we can reach them during their idealistic years.
YOUTH CORP- SECTION OF THE SITE IS NOW THE 4™ MOST VISITED PART Our Web design team reports that the youth corp. section of the site is now the 4th most visited part. This is what the real fight over the 1st amendment and the Internet will boil down to. Our enemies fear our ability to share our beliefs with the children of our race - less they develop some pride in their heritage and one day rise up to break off the shackles of tyranny and return our lands worldwide to white Christian authority.
HQ Hoping to Produce Racialist/Christian music
HQ hopes to soon make available white Christian patriotic music on our own label. We are working with a new associate who has 20 years of songwriting experience and has really impressed us with his smooth singing voice, guitar playing, and words of hope and strength for our fight for white rights. Check out the song he wrote for The Knights called Army of Christ at our website and tell us what you think about it. We aren’t going to rush into this, but hope to produce a few songs and proceed from there.
CRAFTERS NEEDED
HQ is asking for anyone with crafting talent to contact them right away for a big new project. Mrs. Pendergraft says they can’t give out all the details right now - but that they are very excited about what will be one the most important things they’ve ever worked on. Not only will it send a clear message to those who hate The Knights, and to those media agencies that report on racialist happenings that we are serious about reaching our people, but is going to take our message of love and heritage straight to the ones who need it the most! A lot of planning has gone in to this and we are technically now in position to follow through. We are now assembling our final pieces and what we need now are 25 puppets. Thats right - you read it correctly. We need puppets. There are high dollar places where we could get puppets made - but it would run into tens of thousands. We know there are plenty of talented people with The Knights that we can do this together. If you have any crafting ability and feel you could be of assistance to us please contact us right away. Perhaps you have made dolls for your kids or grand kids or have experience in leather working - even that could be used in creation of the puppets. Any seamstresses -we’ll need costumes! Don’t let this seem frivolous to you because it involves what could be called children’s toys. It is extremely important - Contact us right away and we’ll give you more details and information!
Continued from Page 4
ultimatums, but it appears the govt, is making it more and more difficult for Christian parents to leave their children in the public school system with a clear conscience.”
Indeed, transsexuals and transvestites are entering the honorable teaching profession as well as being brought into schools by homosexual teachers so that children will get used to the idea of having these “quirky” individuals around. Public officials and those who are supposed to work on the public’s behalf should be held for treason for systematically encouraging a lifestyle that will, if unchecked, destroy our nation.
AIPAC Courts Congress
AIPAC stands for American Israeli Political Affairs Committee, America’s most influential lobby. Usually when people think of powerful lobbies, they have groups such as AFL-CIO (organized labor) or AARP
-  AcifOW * r»Wfc'IKlbi|f H»(fl
¥Tb* American Israel	hart, ’-fflr*rv¥p* Tmt
Pufertc Attain CtmmRto*
The AIPAC Website Banner boasts big backers such as President George W. Bush and Jim Cheney. The White House is pictured with the American Flag on one side and the Israeli flag on the other. U.S. lawmakers vote each year to send billions of dollars to Israel for the purchase of the latest high tech war equipment. Some of the world’s most notorious and dangerous spies have hailed from the counterfeit state of Israel. The Bible says to beware of those who say they are Jews and are not.
(retired persons and seniors) in mind. Both of these appear on the news and in print on a frequent basis. Lesser-known groups are the NRA and Trial Lawyers Association. Still, these groups also, are pointed out in news stories pretty regularly. But none of these carry the clout that AIPAC carries and AIPAC doesn’t get much press. Most Americans have no idea they even exist.
AIPAC does exist however, and according to one seasoned reporter working out of Washington D.C Kelly Vlahos, when referring to the Congress’s support of the Israelis, “Widespread congressional support is rooted in more than just a long-term relationship (since 1948). It is traced to the power of the collective Jewish or pro-Israeli lobby, a well-organized, well-funded, extremely active, and extraordinarily connected group.”
Order this important	America,
book Today.	*
	Zion of God!
$12.00 from	
Patriotic Suppliers,	
PO Box 2222,	
Harrison, AR 72601	* *■ ,..y. America M 1 a f I
Originally published by	«!**-*% tv*. B
Racialist Leader Kenneth Geoff	
and Revised by Pastor Robb, this	Destiny
book discusses the role of	
America and white Christians in	
the end times. This information	Includes the 1857 sermon a* the
is critical to your understanding	Severed*! f E Pitts I
of past and future events.	tfta United Saws Congress
Working along with AIPAC to deliver more weight with their punch is the American Jewish Committee, the American Defense League, the United Jewish Communities, the National Jewish Democratic Council, and the Republican Jewish Coalition.
In 2001, AIPAC spent $1.1 million in lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill. And according to the Center for Responsive Politics, pro-Israeli donors gave $28.6 million to Democrats and $12.7 million to Republicans. About $17.5 million came from Jewish PACs (political action committees) and $24 million from individuals The money flowing in enables AIPAC to get some considerable work done on behalf of their cause. In May pro-Israeli resolutions, which included $200 million for the Israeli war chest, passed the House 352-21 and the Senate 94-2
Politicians are eager to receive invitations to speak at AIPAC meetings, which could mean a huge boost to their career. “The Jewish lobby is extremely influential in Washington” says Steven Weiss, a spokesman for the Center for Responsive Politics. “If you are a candidate and you get the pro-Israel label from AIPAC, the money will start coming in from contributors all
Continued On Page 11
This little cards are the perfect piece to pass out just about anywhere. They’re small and handy. Keep 40-50 cards in your pocket or purse at all times - these are wonderful little witnessing tools - Has Knights’ address and a short positive message. Comes with suggestion sheet on where to distribute them.
Order from:
Patriotic Suppliers, P.O. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601 $10.00 - 200 cards
The Crusader / Page 8
Continued from Page 5
Disneyland Overrun by Rats
Wait Disney died at age 65. In 1966, the studio passed to his heirs which due to ineffective business handling, led to a swift decline in the Disney product and corporation, generating a dangerous crisis for their artistic and financial legacy while simultaneously opening new possibilities for the Old Enemy.
A short, round man with bullet holes for eyes and black hair that one associate described as not quite as dark as his heart, Saul Steinberg had come to the conclusion that in its present weakened state, Walt Disney Productions was perfectly positioned for a corporate take -over. What had attracted Steinberg was the continual decline of value of Disney stock. Early in 1984, Disney was trading at $45 a share, down from the previous year’s high of $84. Steinberg wanted to acquire the troubled studio to sell off its individual assets - the film library, the Burbank studio, the amusement parks - for what he figured would bring him the equivalent of $100 a share, and enormous profit of more than twice his investment.
But Steinberg was only first of the jackals attracted by the carrion scent of personal opportunity in Disney Production’s decline:
The developments at Disney now caught the attention of Wall Street’s new breed of arbitrators, investors in large blocks of companies about to be raided whose stocks would therefore suddenly and sharply increase. Overnight, one such arbitrator, Ivan Boesky, entered the game. His goal was not to take over the studio, but merely to ride the anticipated escalation of the value of stock that would naturally follow from any sudden, large purchases - Steinberg’s, Roy E. Disney’s or his own. Boesky thus became the fourth largest stockholder in the Walt Disney studio.
In the end, it made no difference, which one of the scavengers eventually took over. The winning jackal was Michael Eisner, responsible for distributing such epics as the anti-German Raiders of the Lost Ark, the race mixing An Officer and a Gentleman and the blatantly Bolshevik Res. Based on these financially successful, if artistically and morally questionable firms, the Disney board of directors, demoralized after their $325 million “green mail” pay-out to Saul Steinberg, allowed Eisner to become the head of the studio. True to form, he opened wide the Disney door for his fellow Marxist Jews like Jeffrey Katzenberg and Richard Frank both Paramount executives, who saved the studio from financial destruction by massive layoffs and drastically cutting the high standard of production values instituted by Walt. Disney Productions did indeed bounce back economically, but it never recovered artistically.
Today Disney Studios is one of the worse proliferators of anti-Christian propaganda. Not only does anti-white propaganda exist in its films, but true to the desires of Jews like Babbit who had intended to use Disney productions as a “Red” front, anti-white sentiments are now broadcast 24 hours a day on not one but two Disney cartoon channels. Millions of children, each day, sit down in front of the television for their daily dose of “one world-interradal” programming. Disney shows plead for children
to invite other races into their home - to develop close relationships among the races. Children's sitcoms often feature interracial romances between young teens and pre-teens. Known homosexuals are often guests on children's
programs. These are two channels that parents should never allow their children to watch without their supervision. Walt Disney, Thomas Edison, Henry Ford and the thousands of others, who warned of the consequences of relinquishing control of this powerful medium, would be doubled over in grief to witness millions of gullible children and adults become indoctrinated with anti-Christian/white beliefs.
So ends the story of Walt Disney and his fight for white Christian values. In Mark Elliot's biography of Walt, he features his photo casting a sinister shadow, with a greedy-mouthed, beetle-browed, hooked-nosed image which bears no resemblance to the creator of Snow White and 20,000 leagues Under the Sea. Rather, it is the notorious silhouette of that intrinsically evil eminence which pursued him all his life even in death. To identify and despise that evil, white Christian separatists in general and groups which seek	to
organize them to some sort of resistance is condemned by the Hollywood masters of public opinion as psychotic, because anyone who does not appreciate just how lovable the Jews are must	be
insane. If so, then we are in the	best
possible company with friends like Walt Disney -
A hero for all generationsI
Walt loved making films about American history. Here he smiles as his daughter prepares for a part in a historical movie.
The cover of Marc Elliot’s book attempts to portray Walt Disney as a shady character - nothing could be further from the truth.
The Crusader / Page 9
Any of the above designs can be ordered in a hat. Instead of KS in front of the stock number use BC. Hats are on a white cao. mesh back, foam front. $10.00
miniwMrllMe
KS-2
It's LOVE
not HATE
They may take
Saas S3D.li£t iffiESTW*
(Init, J&nttc amb Kaluxi
|
INi
Suttl fr* dfcww# tftrwy Uft t rrmv
Videos $15.00
•	Why The Knights?
•	This is the Klan
•	Conservatives can’t save America.
•	There is Hope!
•	Take Back America!
• Christianity /Destroyed in the courts
•	2001 Congress Highlights
•	Enemy at the Gates (Israel’s part in 9/11 attacks
•	White Christian Foundation of America!
•	Ruby Ridge Massacre
T-shirts $15.00 each (S, M, L, X I- XXL or XXXL add$3.00) designs are over heart - full color order from Patriotic suppliers, P.O. Box 2222, Harrison, AR 72601

KS-26
KS-15
KS-25
KS-10
KS-23
KS-22
KS-13
KS-24
Key Chains-$6.00
♦	Round “blood drop” gold metal key chain
♦	Traditional Horseman on rectangular black background
♦	Blood drop on rectangular black background with letters KKK
♦	Rebel flag keychain on black rectangular backing
♦	Rebel flag keychain in clear plastic casing.
HAT/LAPEL PINS
$3..00 each
♦	Blood Drop Pin
♦	Klansman on a horse Pin
♦	KKK shield Pin
♦	Confederate Flag Pin
♦	I Love Jesus Pin
♦	Blood Drop Pin with letters KKK below
♦	Irish Shamrock
KKK watch - Men’s or Women’s $40.00 each
FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*FLAGS*
$15.00
American Flag	Christian Flag
Confederate Flag	Blood Drop with KKK
Confederate Flag with Celtic Cross and KKK Bonnie Blue Don’t Tread On Me
Rebel Flag Decal $2.00
Cross lighting Picture in frame - $15.00
National Office Picture in Frame-$15.00
N.B. Forrest Picture In Frame-$15.00
Large Confederate Flag Umbrella $16.00
KKK Pens - with P.O. box and web address on pen $1.00 each
Jewelry $5.00
Blood Drop earrings (fish hook) Blood Drop necklace Blood Drop Tie Clip with chain
over the country”
Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle, a Democrat from South Dakota is a favored speaker as well as House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, A Republican from Texas. When DeLay spoke at a recent conference of AIPAC he concluded by telling the attendees to blanket Capitol Hill with their lobbying teams. During one week in early summer Israeli groups brought 100,000 people, including the Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, to Capitol Hill to speak on behalf of the Jewish State.
Former Clinton political adviser Dick Morris compares AIPAC to the war in Afghanistan. “It’s like the Special Forces teams who go in to fight in Afghanistan. They’re (AIPAC) on the ground, calling in bombers. The planes overhead are the pro-Israeli supporters across the country.” They jump when the call goes out for funding, or sending letters supporting Jewish causes to Washington or their local press.
Analysts note that while the Jewish population in the U.S. is only 2.2%, it is a very active 2.2%. They are a very cohesive group with a very strong sense of community. They don’t take their power for granted and they never get too comfortable with their successes. They know there is opposition to them and they never let their people forget it Congress is their target, where the rules of the game are made.
AIPAC and their members will make sure the bucks keep rolling in, after all, courting a congressman can get expensive and there is much more at stake than a kiss at the end of the evening. Says Michael Barone, author of The New Americans. tllt’s a big fund-raising community filled with people who are willing to give what ever they can.”
HOMOSEXUALITY AND CHILD ABUSE
A new report published by the Family Research Council (FRC) reveals that there is a body of evidence indicating a definite link between homosexuality and pedophilia. Statistics show that homosexual men, who represent less than 3 percent of the adult male population, commit a disproportionate number (one-third or more) of the cases of child sexual molestation. The report, "Homosexuality and Child Sexual Abuse," authored by Dr. Timothy J. is being sent to parents, youth groups, school administrators,
Catholic bishops, and religious organizations.
FRC's report comes at a time when the nation has been rocked by scandals of child sexual abuse and when homosexuals argue that youth organizations such as the Boy Scouts should be forced to include homosexuals as leaders. Similarly, gay activist organizations are encouraging homosexual teachers to share their sexuality with their students. Many parents have become concerned that children may be molested, encouraged to become sexually active, or even "recruited" into adopting a homosexual identity and lifestyle.
"Homosexuality and Child Sexual Abuse" examines the following evidence linking homosexuality to pedophilia:
*	Pedophiles are invariably males: Almost all sex crimes against children are committed by men.
*	Significant numbers of victims are males: Up to one-third of all sex crimes against children are committed against boys (as opposed to girls).
*	The 10 percent fallacy: Studies indicate that, contrary to the inaccurate but widely accepted claims of sex researcher Alfred Kinsey, homosexuals comprise between 1 to 3 percent of the population.
*	Homosexuals are over represented in child sex offenses: Those among the 1 to 3 percent of the population that is sexually attracted to the same sex are committing up to one- third of the sex crimes against children.
*	Some homosexual activists defend the historic connection between homosexuality and pedophilia: Such activists consider the defense of "boy-lovers" to be a legitimate gay rights issue.
*	Pedophile themes abound in homosexual literary culture: Gay fiction as well as serious academic treatises promote "intergenerational intimacy."
"Children have become the last sexual frontier," FRC President Ken Connor said. "Those given the task of protecting our nation's children should give a serious look at these statistics and think twice before complying with the demands of homosexual activists
Informational Leaflets for Distribution
Order from Patriotic Suppliers / P.O. Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601
$8.00 PER 50 OR $15.00 PER 100
Economic Tyranny over America - quoted on $ from famous		You Can Be a Hero Auk* the reader to con*idcr the future of their
people, expose* corruption of international bank era and politicians!		children and join with other* in becoming hcroc* for their familic*.
Tfilth Trad on Gun Rights with quote* from founding rather*		Introduction to The Knights Telia about ihe Knights with a short
di*pcl* myth* put out hy anti-gun fanatics!		bio of Thomas Robb / include* application for a**ociation
/
mmm
m/raw	raw
m
«.•	Ma
9
9
0
Join us on Labor Day weekend for a fun and inspiring time learning about your white Christian roots, plans to defend our people, and the hope that is promised to us. Pastor Robb, Mrs. Rachel Pendergraft and the entire HQ staff and Knights around the nation invite you to attend.
Friday evening will begin at 12 noon when the gates open at the beautiful SOTC Bible Camp deep in the Ozark Mountains. With over 100 acres there is plenty of room to camp. There are motels available in Harrison 15 miles away. Friday evening will be a time of fellowship as Klansmen and Klanswomen along with their families arrive from their trip. The camp kitchen opens at 6pm with lots of hearty food for hungry travelers. Three great films will be presented Friday evening in the White Christian Revival Center. Enjoy a cold ice tea and watch these films selected by Pastor Robb, which gives you new insight on the origin of the white race and significance of the United States and her Christian foundation.
Saturday morning at 8:30 sharp join Knights recrotter Richard Hensley in the raising of the American Flag in a special tribute to Klansmen away on duty in the military. (Don’t be late) Breakfast available beginning at 8:45.
Saturday opening ceremony begins at 10 AM - the day will be full of workshops, training sessions, and entertainment. Enjoy an auction (bring something along to donate to the auction - funds raised will benefit The Knights) inspirational speeches by national director Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft. Hear about important projects you can be a part of. Meet others from arodnd the country, make new friends and see old friends. Saturday night we’ll have an old fashioned Ozark BJ)j^ .while listening to the sweet bluegrass, southern, and Christian music of our live performers. Later entertainer from local Branson, Missouri, It will be a terrific d^
Saturday new Knights will meet with the naturalization commit
Vi
’re pleased to present a family the close of the meeting on
e old hymns of our avid Duke’s bid for
Sunday morning we will gather for a morning worship service. Jointynn singing s{ faith. And listen to Pastor Ralph Forbes who also served as campafgB manger presidency. Sunday afternoon is filled with more speechefVworkshops, foSBjcand music. There will also be lots of Klan souvenirs to check out throughout the whole weeK^f^^wQday we will also be celebrating the 2nd year of This is the Klan Internet TV program. It is a huge succme^Mrthousands watching worldwide. Sunday evening will close the conference with an awards banquet to rec^ii&k^ll of those people who have made an extra effort to support The Knights throughout the year. We will at la's/celebrate the opening of the White Christian Revival Center our newest tool in the fight for the future of our people. And finally we will dedicate our selves again to the expansion of white Christian Revival at the Christian Crosslighting Ceremony during which time we will also recognize new Knights.
All of us at HQ have worked to insure that you have the best time possible throughout the weekend. You can camp or stay in Harrison. We’ll have some great food and enjoy our cultural heritage through the music and dance performances. Please join us. This should be the one vacation you consider invaluable to the strength of your family and nation. Don’t miss out - We want to see you Here - contact us at P.O. Box 2222 Harrison, Ar 72601 or kkk.com for more info. Register Todayl