The Knights Party / Thomas Robb, national director / 870-427-3414 / PO Box 2222 /Harrison, AR 72601 www.kkk.com / #141
Lift High the Banner of White Christian Revival The Cause We Cherish — The People We Love — The Lord We Honor
Tips for Identifying a Racist
By Jessica K. Peck -The Independence Institute
I am a racist. Not because of racist jokes I do not say or acts of discrimination I do not commit. The reason: I am White.
That was the message preached loud and clear at a forum I attended recently at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Titled "Unveiling White Privilege," the forum’s purpose was to examine "the impact of our racism and colorism on the quality of our relationships," while also addressing "the barriers created by unacknowledged privilege."
According to the moderators, all whites are racist even if we don't know we are. We have benefited from a system stacked against individuals of other races. We hold prejudices we may not even know exist. We have thrived in a nation built on the backs of hard-working and repressed "people of color." Never mind the millions of Irish, Italian, Russian, or Eastern European immigrants all Whites who suffered intense bigotry while working in the sweatshops and coal mines of this country to make a better life for their families.
After this was all made clear, we worked to define a variety of terms. Racism, according to the moderators, was "prejudice plus power." Confused? See, a black man can never be racist. He may hold prejudices against people of other races or his own race for that matter, but he has never held the power in society necessary to act upon that prejudice. Continued on Page 4
U.N. Wants White Countries
to Pay Up! ^:§jm
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annar. is urging leaders of the major industrialized nations to double their aid to developing countries and keep promises to drop trade barriers.
He told the Group of Eight countries, also commonly referred to as the G8, to keep the pledge they made at global trade negotiations in Doha, Qatar, in 2001 to treat the needs and interests of developing countries.
He urged leaders to help millions around the world to maintain their belief in fairness by giving them more. He also urged them to tackle three crises in Africa at the same time
because each affects the other: hunger, the HIV/AIDS epidemic, and the "emaciated capacity" of many countries to govern. He also wants the world to double its spending on water infrastructure and sanitation. Continued on Page 6
Kansas Principal in Trouble Over Prayer
Principal Ellen Green of Kansas has a good record with the parents of her school. A devout Christian, she works hard to maintain an atmosphere of discipline and of learning for the students in her charge. To her it is a Christian calling so it seemed natural to reach out to the students through her teachers on a day that her president George W. Bush had declared a Day of Prayer.
In her weekly memo. Principal Ellen Green said she hoped the staff would take time to pray for each of the students and their families, She added, "I.E. Take a few minutes to stand beside each student's desk and pray for that student, their family and their needs." According to the Associated Press she also wrote,”, "God honors those who honor Him and seek His will. I plan to make this a day of prayer and fasting. I would welcome your joining me in seeking God's favor and direction." Cont. on P.5
'Judeo-Christian-Islamic' Term Proposed
As if we didn V know this was going to happen
Some prominent Muslim advocacy groups here in America are beginning a public relations campaign that spins off of the term "Judeo-Christian values." Instead, get ready to hear "Judeo-Christian-Islamic values."
Gary Bauer, president of the group American Values, said he has been told the new verbiage is about to start creeping into the mainstream -- prompted by Muslim groups trying to position themselves in the debate over the Islamic religion. "I think the American people are about to be subjected to an incredible propaganda campaign," Bauer said.
The problem with Gary Bauer, as sincere a person as he probably is, is that it has escaped his attention, that he has already succumb to the first propaganda campaign as evident by his use of the term Judeo-Christian values - a term itself that did
Continued on Page 5
The Crusader
Published by Christian Concepts
PO Box 2222 Harrison, AR 72601
Thomas Robb Editor Rachel Pendergraft Asst Editor
www.kkk.com
Watch This is the Klan Internet TV Show Each Week with Thomas Robb and Rachel Pendergraft.
The FIRST and ONLY Weekly racialist News Broadcast - World Wide.
This is the Klan - This is the Truth
Copyright 2003
Articles and items of interest can be submitted for possible use, however there is no guarantee as to their use.
Subscription info:
12 issues $20.00 Donation - U.S. Canada or Mexico $45 Europe, Africa, and Asia $55.00
National Office: 870-427-3414
You may wish to consider remembering The Knights in your will or trust. You can consult The Knights for the legal specifics. You can help support this important cause after you’re gone.
members(S)kkk. com
Rebellious Scout Council Turns back on Decency
It seems rather ironic that the national convention of the Boy Scouts of America was held in Philadelphia. The Boy Scout council for the area voted unanimously to expand its non-discrimination policy to include homosexuals.
The 87,000-member Cradle of Liberty Council says it will not discriminate against homosexuals. That marks a split from the national organization, which bans homosexual Scout leaders. The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld the Boy Scouts' right to do so.
The Boy Scouts take an oath to do their "duty to God and country" and be "morally straight" - but Philadelphia Scout leaders say that does not refer to homosexuality. And Council chairman David Lipson told Associated Press that his board is not comfortable with the national policy on Scout leaders.
But a pro-family activist and Boy Scout leader hopes the national organization will take disciplinary action against the Philadelphia-area council — the third-largest in the nation — for its recent decision. Randy Sharp is director of special projects at the American Family Association. As a Scout leader, he thinks the Philadelphia council needs to be disciplined. “We must continue to teach and train our boys to remain “morally straight," Sharp says. "/ would certainly hope that the national group will take some type of disciplinary action or pull the charter — one or the other."
To maintain the integrity of the Boy Scouts, Sharp says one council cannot be allowed to do something that is in direct opposition to the oath and to Scout law. "America needs Boy Scouts who will be physically strong, mentally alert, and morally straight," he says. "We cannot bend our branches to the winds of public opinion."
Peter LaBarbera, associate director of the Culture and Family Institute, said there is more and more pressure on the national Boy Scout organization to go along with compromises made by individual councils. "They (the national council) have held firm so far,” LaBarbera said. "We hope they will hold firm in this case and not give in."
He added what's most troubling to him is the fact that gay activists seem to be the only ones demanding that the Boy Scouts include homosexuals. "/ don't hear a big clamor across America of parents wanting homosexual Scout leaders," LaBarbera said.
McDonalds in Their Own Words
From their Web Site - Grants, Scholarships, and 365 Days of Groveling
“ As a brand that has grown and celebrated many achievements in the U.S. and abroad, McDonald's realizes the importance of recognizing and celebrating the achievements of all our valued customers. The 365Black initiative was developed to recognize and show appreciation for the African-American communities McDonald's has been privileged to serve for many years.
McDonald's commitment to communicating the pride, achievement, and heritage of African-American contributions to American history, is how McDonald’s celebrates Black history 365 days of the year. “
Anglican Church Gets it Part Right / But it Won’t Be long Before They
Cave in to Reprobate Behavior and Acceptance!
Leaders of the Anglican Church have rejected blessings for same-sex unions and the ordination of homosexual clergy. But they say Christians must offer "love and understanding to people of all sexual orientations." The bishops who head the 38 branches of the World Anglican Communion issued their statement at the end of a week-long closed-door meeting in Brazil. They declared that there is "no theological consensus about same-sex unions." The Anglican Communion's leader. Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, has drawn conservative criticism for ordaining a homosexual when he led the Church in Wales. But he has pledged to affirm a 1998 bishops’ declaration that homosexual relations are "incompatible with Scripture."
The Crusader / Page 2
Movie Review: In the Land of Milk and Honey
By Mark Downey
Most documentaries are supposed to be objective while letting the audience form their own opinion as to whether or not something is good or bad. Paul Donahue from Chicago, directed, produced, edited and filmed his first feature length documentary. In the Land of Milk and Honey, and succumbed to the typical representations of the Klan. The film managed to incorporate negative overtones, although much more subtle than other hysterical presentation
For the films subject to be Pulaski, Tennessee, the home town where the Klan was founded, it is somewhat remiss at the end of the film’s credits (accompanied by a little banjo plucking) to give
special thanks and
appreciation to the townspeople and everybody else except members of the Klan who graciously cooperated and were the object of the film from beginning to end.	A
plausible explanation could be the politics of its film distributor, Cinema Guild of New York City, who brought us such classics as: “The Life of Cesar Chavez>\ “Comrade Stalin” and “Gypsies in the Holocaust”.
The land of milk and honey is a biblical expression of the Promised Land. However, for some folks, when you combine race with Christianity it becomes gall and vinegar. Nowadays, most people have an opinion of the Klan and its history and most of it is misbegotten. How poignant then, than to glean a cross section of opinion from ground zero. A quaint elderly school teacher, retired and outspoken, proclaimed at the start of ‘In the Land of Milk and Honey’ that it’s “a name we claim”.
In today’s politically correct climate, some of the locals were reserved, but not ashamed. This is why Pastor Thom Robb has taken the initiative to restore an honorable past with the Heritage Festival each year since 1986, by saying “we are here to promote the love of our heritage and culture and has nothing to do with hate, we have a right to be proud of our Christian heritage.” Muriel Robb, wife of National Director Thom Robb, added, “it’s a social festival...it’s the birthplace of the original Klan and we ’re saying thanks for what they did.”
Local historian. Bob Wamble, said the Klan organized as a social club. This was reinforced by Frank Tate, Giles City Historical Society, by saying, “Pulaski family members of the original Klan were proud of it originating there, because they were trying to get our rights back.” As Richard Dunavent asserted, “politically, these people were out of power.” Public education does not teach the truth about the realities of Reconstruction in the South after the war where the White man
Muriel and Jean proudly lead the march with a Walk for White Pride Banner. Flags wave in the breeze
The Crusader / Page 3
could not own property or vote and that it was the Ku Klux Klan that played an integral part in restoring order for future generations to be the beneficiaries of the rights they enjoy today. The lack of gratitude was indicative in Mandi Slaton, a student, who expressed that she was a Christian and Pulaski is a pretty godless place as reflected in the Klan history of the town.
However, Paulette Birdsong, a real estate agent, remarked, “I truly feel that if people knew the real reasons for the beginnings of the KKK, not as it ’s portrayed today, I don’t think there would be as much adversity to it.” Susan Montgomery, a secretary, philosophically offered, “it’s something you grow up with...the Klan is just a way of belief ..it’s a touchy subject.” Touchy indeed for Negro residents interviewed, saying such things as, “the Klan was a very cowardly organization, cuz with the hoods you couldn’t see their faces.” Followed by the logic of Hardin Franklin, a black real estate agent, saying, “the Klan was perpetrated ‘gainst the black community like big boys n lil boys, they look at it like a fun thang... a chile look at a spankin ’ dif’rent than a parent who say I doin this fo yo goood, but da kid say it hurts... the black man is say in ’ he da butt of the White man’s joke an he don’t thank it’s funny.” A retired Negro, John Jones, laments, “I feel most people in this community think the Klan is something great...you never hear anyone say in’ the Klan was really wrong... the way I see it, it was just a hate group hangin ’ people, beatin ’ em, no kind of civil rights, they just wanted to keep the blacks always down; they still hang ya in the court system, in the jobs, in promotions ...they can do thangs without their hooods to hurt ya.”
Throughout the interviews were snippets of the daytime preparations for the Cross Lighting later that evening. There was also the oddity of uncrating or the unveiling of the last known original 1st era Klan robe (on a mannequin) at the Tennessee State
Museum. It was like an archaeological discovery of King Tut, as the attractive blonde textile archivist in white gloves curates to the men bringing it in, pointing to	the
construction technique and stichery and what part was wool or cotton. One guy said, “You don’t want to meet him at nightl” as he nervously laughed. The young lady conjectured that this robe survived because “he didn’t get the memo” to disband and turn in the garment.
But the Klan has survived to this day and is why Mayor Dan Speer (no relation to Albert) is so upset. He explains to the camera in a soft spoken tone how the modem Klan came to Pulaski in 1984 demanding [sic] a parade permit to protest the MLK holiday. In the next several years it became “extremely well organized, very vocal, aggressive and intimidating’, much to the chagrin of Mayor Speer. According to the mayor, by 1989, the attitude of ignoring them wasn’t working and so they decided to take a much more proactive approach to their opposition of the Klan. So what did they do? They closed all
Continued on Page 4
The Mystic Knights, a group from Ohio, set up their booth at the festival -They display some nice artwork.
Continued from Page 3
their businesses and adopted the color orange as their symbol of brotherhood and unity. In ease you didn’t know, orange is the color of schizophrenia.
The rather effeminate Reverend Gary Kelly, in a white turtleneck and red sweater outfit, really wanted to protest the presence of the KJan and promote diversity and tolerance. To silence the message of hate, they counter-marched silently with a police escort This made a big impression on the black Reverend Stanly Garrett by virtue of the White folks playing down the Klan image of Pulaski; especially by making the remark that they lost money closing their businesses (as if Wal-Mart or McDonalds were suffering a big loss). Garrett said the White community didn 't want the stigma of the Klan attached to them if they were to survive Shades of politically correct economics? Can anybody say Jesse Jackson?
In a lighthearted moment, the chief of police, John Huen, amiably reflects that, “living in a place that is the crucible of the hirst Amendment makes police work real interesting (giggles infectiously)...kind of like jumping into a cactus patch completely nude (more laughing)...but it speaks to the heart of what fundamental America is. His jovial spirit is eclipsed by another sort of humor. Another film crew from Comedy Central is being filmed by the documentary crew. They get this candid admission from the jokester Steven Colbert, “We ’re gonna treat it like a Summer best use all the negative aspects of it and call them all positive... say how ‘klant as tic ’ or ‘lynchrific ’ it is... then we 'll have to edit it without losing the spirit of summer fun and MOCK the message?
In fact they attempt to joust and frolic with Nathan Robb at twilight by frivolous questions about who can become a member. Nathan takes control of the situation by mentioning books and literature available at the 2222 address. The guy asks him, “Would you call the person they get them from the Aryan lihrarianT' He goes on...”what about Asians?...they’re pale” Nathan quips back, “yes, but they’re not White.” Then he really gets flippant about who could join.	Homosexuals?	No.
Anthropomorphic*? Huh? How about animated characters? It depends. Mickey? Good. Donald? Yes. Goofy? No, we want professional people, not goofy people.
arc unfurled, Celtic music is playing and children anticipate the activities with fascination. It is now night time and the Knights arc robing up. An unseen voice on	a
microphone says if our people were all here, we’d
be one big army of God at the foot of the Cross. The film turns dark and we hear the voice of Thom Robb amongst chirping crickets begin the ceremony; “once again for all, God sends forth from the heavens, a Spirit to light the hearts of men and women” A white dot becomes a flaming torch and proceeds to ignite
To the Cross Lighting ceremony area, flags
A little Southern Gospel Music is enjoyed under the shade trees. Children play in the background.
another. Klansmcn become visible. "As the fire touches the heart of one, what do we do? We pass it on and touch the heart	of
another. We say to that friend, do you love your brothers and sisters? If so,
Charity, above, smiles as she begins to entertain the crowd with a little Scottish Clog Dancing.
touch their hearts with the fire of revival. \
Klansmen, circle the Cross...put forth the torch...right hand salute...repeat after me...for God...for race...for nation.” The fiery Cross has then fully overtaken the darkness in all its glory.
The little old school teacher is in her rocking chair and with a tired voice and a look of sadness on her face, wrinkles of defeat on her forehead, leaves this final thought, "I grew up being proud of the original KKK, but the people in Pulaski today are so sick and tired of the Klan that they wish they’d never hear of it again.” A documentary may capture a portion of cynicism that conveys all is lost. There was one scene during the parade that had the marchers walking from strong sunlight into dark shadows becoming black silhouettes. This may have been an unintentional subliminal. Nevertheless, the 23rd Psalms tells us we shall walk THROUGH the valley of the shadow of death. God also promises us that all things work together for good. This film may have had an agenda, but “greater is He that is in you, than he that is in the world.” The true land of milk and honey shall prevail. And then we can make another documentary bringing ibrth the fruits thereof.
Continued from Page 1
One of the moderators, herself white, acknowledged and embraced her self-identification as a racist. Interestingly, the other moderator, the daughter of an Irish mother and Mexican father, did not identify as half-racist. "Pm either Chicana or Latina and how / identify changes by the day. It just depends on how I’m feeling? she said. There was no mention of her Irish roots in this identification.
We then went around the room, saying what came to mind when the word "racism| was spoken. The first few responses were probably typical of what would be uttered on most college campuses; "Attorney General John Ashcroft.. .the KKK..."
And then I decided to speak up. "Jesse Jackson," I said politely. The moderators turned, fhe room fell silent. "Why do you think that?" I was asked.
"Well," I responded. "He holds prejudices against other blacks, as well as whites and other ethnic groups." I gave the example of when Jackson called Conservative black activist Ward Connerly "Strange Fruit" the same term used by whites in the Old South to describe blacks who had been lynched.
"Yes, but you see? the moderator informed me, "he can’t be racist became he holds no power? Continued on Page 5
The Crusader / Page 4
Continued from Page 4
"No power*?" I asked. "He had the power to swindle millions of dollars out of American corporations by threatening them with consumer boycotts based on shoddy accusations of civil rights violations."
The moderator leading the exercise was clearly getting upset. "But he holds no governmental power," she corrected.
As proof of this type of power, she did not accept my argument that the IRS has continually looked the other way regarding Jackson's creative accounting practices for his Rainbow Push Coalition.
It was not the factual basis of my claim she was disputing. It was the title I had assigned to Jackson she had a problem with. He is not a racist. Blacks cannot be racist. Even against other blacks. And especially not against whites.
Furthermore, this wasn't about Jesse Jackson, I was informed. This was about me and my own racism. "As a white person, it's not your place to determine whether Jesse Jackson is a racist," the other moderator added. "This is a discussion that needs to take place within the communities of color"
I came away from the forum agreeing with the moderators on one key issue. Racism is alive and well in America. It infects our college campuses, our hiring decisions, and even the communities we live in. This forum was proof of that.
We did not find consensus on just who is racist, however. I am not a racist. Yes, this nation has its past sins to grapple with, including slavery, which we may never recover from. But I will not no* should I take responsibility or feel guilt for the color of my skin or my ethnic heritage
Court Says Firing Over Confederate Flag OK
A three-judge panel of the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled recently that Coburg Dairy Inc., in Charleston, SC had the right to fire Matthew Dixon for refusing to remove a Confederate flag sticker from his toolbox..
Matthew Dixon claimed that Coburg Dairy Inc. in Charleston violated his First Amendment rights and state employment laws when it fired him in 2000 for refusing to remove the stickers after a black co-worker complained. The dairy said the stickers violated its policy against harassment.
The court said that the employer had the right to control their employees actions at work to a certain extent. However, they pointed out that the employer, in the this case the dairy, would not have a right to control his actions away from work. He could use his Confederate flag somewhere else, but not at work.
While this opinion of the court offends many, we do believe a private employer (not employers for the govt, or those receiving any type of taxpayer money or derived benefit) have the right to run their business according to their own wishes - within respectable reason of course. In addition, the time that a person is hired out to another has long been established to be time paid
for by the employer. And the employee has the right to exercise his option of terminating his employment.
In The Knights, we have always asked our associates and supporters to refrain from wearing KKK items to work or distributing literature at work. After work it’s a different story. But at work, it is possible that KKK or Confederate items could be an issue with other employees and that can disrupt work — that is not fair to the employer.
It is a shame that these Christian symbols could even cause a disturbance at any place of work. But that cause should be fought after work. The one way, however, that white Christians can fight back on the job is to not be afraid of letting your employer know when you are the one being offended. If you are offended by the anti-white and anti-Christian policies, remarks, programs, or actions of other employees then let them know. If enough people let their disdain be known maybe it would be the Jewish Star of David (which they have no legitimate connection to), the homosexual’s pink triangle being taken off of someone’s tool box or T-shirt.
Continued from Page 1 -Principal
But despite her good intentions, she finds herself at the center of a controversy. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is threatening a lawsuit, using the same tiring mantra it always uses. Separation of church and state.
Mat Staver, president of Liberty Counsel, a Florida-based religious-rights law firm, is representing Green in the matter. He told one Christian newspaper, "I think it's ridiculous that the ACLU is threatening a lawsuit and bringing this case, trying to say that this is somehow a separation of church and state issue. Clearly, I think, if the President of the United States can attend a National Day of Prayer event, then a principal of a school can ask her teachers to be able to pray for the students in that school," Staver said.
As if to add insult to injury, the National Education Association said it is also considering action against Green. " Whenever there's a liberal cause, the NEA will stand up for the academic freedom of teachers or principals, but when it comes to the issue of religion or some conservative cause, all of a sudden they forget about those same principles," Staver said.
Continued from Page 1-Judeo/Islam
begin creeping in to society until it was first put into the religious textbooks of our Christian seminaries by Jewish publishers and review boards. In feet, go to the giant Christian publishing conventions and trade shows held around the country and you will find nearly 60% to be Jewish or Jewish owned and many straight from the false state of Israel.
"The country was built on Judeo-Christian values, and Islamic values in many, many ways are inconsistent with the very ideals of the American public," Bauer said. Noting that, "In most Islamic nations, women are second-class citizens.” But he fails to mention the degrading and reprehensible way that the Jewish Holy Book - the Babylonian Talmud - says to treat women and children. The whole point is that the only reason there is now being made the claim that America is based on Judeo-Christian-Islamic values is because we accepted the first erroneous term -Judeo-Christian. Judaism - not to be confused with the teachings of the Old Testament - has as its goal the eradication of Christianity. It is not the name that is under attack per se, but the code of the Christians - both the governmental laws of the Old
Continued on Page 6
The Crusader / Page 5
Above: Jessie “Shakedown” Jackson.
Testament - that Christ said he did not do away with — as well as the law upon our hearts. Our people and the governments we have created throughout time have, while not always under the name of Christianity, still held true for the most part to the laws of God - even before the Bible was compiled. Because we are God’s people and his law is in our heart, we carry out his laws in the making of our governments - it is natural to us as his people to do so.
Judaism attempts to pollute our hearts, minds, and souls and subsequently our nation so that we will accept terms such as Judeo, Christian, Islam or why not add Hindu, Buddhist, or Confucianism. By accepting the term Judeo in relation to our Christian faith we have poisoned our faith and have provided the gateway to the acceptance of much more evil to come.
European Union Develops New Constitution with No Reference to God.
Members of the European Union made up of countries once known throughout the world collectively as Christendom are moving forward with development of a constitution -one in which God is out
The next constitution meeting takes place this month in Greece, where the latest draft will be discussed. Some religious groups have already expressed dismay that there is no reference in the preamble to Europe's Christian heritage. The centralizing of power is also high on the agenda.
The Washington Times reports that among the major political changes being proposed is a single European Union foreign policy advisor. That person would greatly influence the EU's position on such matters as Israel's rights in the Middle East peace process. Also being considered are new limits on the right of individual countries to veto EU decisions. That could include
the enforcement of new laws passed by the European Parliament, representing a major relinquishing by member nations of their sovereign powers.
Continued from Page 1
The fact is - people in the third world nations are suffering. God does not promise prosperity to those who do not follow his laws. While God’s rules and regulations for government and society was given to our ancestors in the legal code of Moses, it is never the less true that any nation which applies its principles will reap the prosperous benefits.
For example, the Laws teach proper scientific agricultural techniques such as crop and field rotation, when to harvest and when not, not allowing trees to produce fruit for a number of years in order to establish strong and sturdy branches. It teaches sanitation techniques include fumigation and manners of having clean drinking water, ways to handle certain infectious diseases and the means to prevent them. God’s criminal codes deal with all sorts of crimes and gives the required sentence. And all those gray areas in the law that so many courtrooms have trouble with today - the Bible covers those also. God didn’t leave anything out when he gave the laws to Moses. God wants to see prosperity. He also established certain economic principles so that his people would not live in need. Most of these are not understood today. Because the “love of money is the root of all eviF remember, not money, but the LOVE of money - The economic sphere is often that which is manipulated first. Why because if you control the money — unfortunately you will be able to control large amounts of people. It shouldn’t work like that. The people should turn down the money rather than loosen their values to obtain it. But that is human nature.
One of the vilest of economic “sins” is usury - that is a tax upon the borrowing of money. It is a practice that outraged Jesus as he stormed the temple and dealt with the rabbis and moneychangers. This is where the World Monetary Fund comes in - the granddaddy of international finance.
People often wonder about “end time” signs and one of those signs we are told in the Bible is central control of our money. Sure we might have a dollar here, or a pound, mark, frank, or ruble, but it all comes from the same place, goes through the same networks and then ends up funding campaigns of hate and propaganda against white Christians.
Then we get hit with a double whammy. Taxpayers of the industrialized nations - and we’re talking mainly white people have to bail out over half the world. International finance has bled the third world dry. Revolution after revolution in nonwhite countries are sparked by economic hardships caused by the billions and billions of dollars they owe to international Jewish bankers. These nations are suffering at the hands of incapable leadership and financial exploitation and we are paying for it.
Unfortunately the industrialized countries are in the same boat. Our economic policies are unBiblical and our strong support of world finance and relinquishment of the rights of our own constitutional currency will cost us dearly. We can not help the world until we help ourselves. We must renounce world finance and educate others about the positive benefits of following God’s laws.
The Harder the Battle The More Glorious the Victory
Continued from Page 5
“FALSE PREACHERS”
Why does it seem like the same message is being taught by “Christian” ministers and Jewish Rabbis? Why have the modern churches quit speaking the truth? The following quote is very telling.
‘7 am devoting my lecture in this seminar to a discussion of the possibility that we are now entering a Jewish century. A time when the spirit of the community- the non-ideological blend of the emotional and irrational and the resistance to categories and forms will emerge to the forces of anti-nationalism to provide us with a new kind oj society. I call this process the Judiazation of Christianity. Because (Ed. False) Christianity will be the vehicle through which this society becomes Jewish. “
Rabbi Martin Segal, New York magazine Jan. 18,1972
European Union Flag
The Crusader / Page 6
Woodrow Wilson: 28th President of the United States ..racist?
High School juniors Vincent Crawford and Andy Beatman appeared before the Middletown Board of Education with their request to rename Woodrow Wilson Middle School.
Two Middletown High School juniors say the historical
evidence paints him that way. So much so, they’ve asked the Board of Education to consider removing the president’s	name
from Woodrow Wilson Middle School.
Vincent Crawford, 17, and Andy Beatman, 16, submitted a letter to the Board of Education asking for the middle school to be renamed and detailing evidence of Wilson’s racism.
Vincent then submitted four pieces of evidence of Wilson’s racism:
First, Wilson and his administration submitted a legislative program intended to curtail the civil rights of African-Americans, which Congress did not pass. However, Wilson used his powers as chief executive to segregate the federal government, the first segregation since Reconstruction.
Second, Wilson vetoed a motion on racial equality in the covenant of the League of Nations.
Third, Wilson publicly endorsed and arranged screenings for his cabinet, for Congress and the Supreme Court of the Birth of a Nation, a film known for its romantic portrayal of the Ku Klux Klan.
Fourth, as president of the Princeton University, Wilson turned away black applicants, regarding their desire for education as "unwarranted."
"These are just highlights" Vincent said. "There are many other examples of Wilson’s racism" Andy concluded, "Continuing to honor a man who stood for things that the school system does not is inappropriate."
The board did not comment on their request, but thanked the students and took copies of their letter.
The two said they’re prepared to continue speaking out at board meetings until members respond.
BooHoo — ACLU Says Law Would Virtually Banish Child Molesters and is UnFair!
Civil rights lawyers is challenging Albuquerque's tough new sex offender law claiming it's the most restrictive in the nation and effectively banishes pedophiles, rapists and other former sex criminals from the city.
"Extreme and radical, those are the words that should be used to describe this law," said Peter Simonson, executive director of New Mexico's ACLU chapter, which filed the complaint.
The new law is part of a renewed attempt to protect the innocent in the community. The ordinance calls for pedophiles, rapists and other sex offenders convicted since 1970 to register with the city and notify employers they have registered. They also would have to submit DNA samples, shoe size and dental imprints. Sex offenders could not be alone with a child or live within 1,000 feet of a school. With some exceptions, no two sex offenders could live in the same house. And police could visit registered sex offenders' homes to make sure they lived where they said they did.
Social Security Restructuring May Hurt Minorities They Claim
Minorities are greatly helped by disability and survivor benefits in the Social Security in greater proportion than whites and the proposed changes are angering minority groups because their benefits would be reduced. But it wouldn’t be the government reducing their benefits but they themselves because under the new system payments would be based on what the taxpayer put into the SS fund.
The system's disability component, which pays benefits to retired and disabled workers and their dependents and survivors, means minorities generally will receive greater benefits in relation to the taxes they pay. Disability benefits can be earned at any age, as long as a person has enough work history.
As for death, mortality rates determine the expected number of years a person will contribute taxes and Receive benefits and therefore the amount of total benefits received.
Although blacks die younger than whites and may receive fewer years of retirement benefits, they may have dependents that that would earn survivor benefits, the study said.
For example, 47 percent of blacks receiving survivor benefits are children, compared with 22 percent of whites.
Overall, about 18 percent of white retirees 65 and older rely on Social Security as their only source of income, compared with about 38 percent of blacks and Hispanics
Court Overturns 1,140-Year Term Saying its Too Harsh for Child Rapist
The West Virginia state Supreme Court on recently threw out a prison sentence of at least 1,140 years for a man convicted of sexually assaulting a 7-year-old girl.
The justices ordered the man resentenced on 152 counts, saying the prison terms piled on consecutively are "so offensive that they shock the conscience of this court"
The man, identified by the court only as "David D.W.," was convicted in 2000 of multiple counts of sexual assault and sexual abuse. Circuit Judge Charles McCarty set most of the prison terms to run consecutively, resulting in a sentence of 1,140 to 2,660 years.
Woodrow Wilson, above, tried to be a good president and was in many ways. Regrettably under Wilson, the Federal Reserve act was passed. On his deathbed he said, “I have unwittingly betrayed my nation, I am an unhappy man.” He saw the writing o n the wall.
The Crusader / Page 7
KKK Cross Flag
$15.00	Large	Rebel	Flag
Umbrella $16.00
Small window Flag with suction cup -
$5.00
Heritage NOT Hate / Rebel Flag $15.00
REBEL FLAG TOTE BAG
Natural colored tote bag with large rebel flag on it and the word REBEL -sturdy and durable
$9.00
FLAG of the ALAMO!
(Not shown)
Illegal aliens overrunning our borders say they want Texas back - but it was never theirs’. Fly the flag of the famous Alamo battle that led to Texas Independence.
$15.00
REBEL
Vanity/License
Plate
Lightweight Rebel “car tag”. Large Confederate Flag design.
$5.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Decal - $2.00
Shiny “Metallic” Rebel Flag Bumper Sticker - $4.00
Rebel Car Antenna Flag -
$6.00
PAGE TAPES
These are the 3 tapes to listen to for the first step to Knighthood / educational and enjoyable / with Pastor Robb and Mrs. Pendergraft /includes rank info and instructions.
$21.00
ORDER ANYTHING ON THIS PAGE FROM CHRISTIAN CONCEPTS PO BOX 2222, HARRISON, AR 72601 IF USING A CREDIT CARD YOU I CAN ALSO CALL YOUR ORDER IN
870-427-3414
SQUIRE BOOKS
After you have listened to the tapes and become a Page - this is your next step before taking your Knighthood exam. Three books selected for you by HQ - includes instructions
$15.00
Informational Leaflets for Distribution
$8.00 PER 50 OR $15.00 PER 100
Economic Tyranny over America - quotes on $ from famous people, exposes corruption of international bankers and politicians.
Truth Tract on Gun Rights with quotes from founding fathers - dispels myths put out by anti-gun fanatics.
Martin Luther King Truth Sheet - lists examples of Kings Communist affiliation, sexual deviancy, violent rhetoric, etc. Why he should not have a holiday - lists sources
Be a Winner with The Knights - political tract about The Knights - simple and direct.
You Can Be a Hero - Asks the reader to consider the future of their children and join with others in becoming heroes for their families.
Introduction to The Knights Tells about The Knights with a short bio of Thomas Robb / includes application.
The Knights is Organizing in YOUR city - Have this leaflet personalized for your city or county. Contains political message about white Christian rights.
The Public School Religion - Talks about the humanist/Judeo influence now in the public schools - its fruit are racemixing and homosexuality among the youth. Why are these groups targeting your children? Protect your kids
Playboy’s Message to America December 2003 Marks 50th Year
Anonymous
Several years ago I was surprised to receive a letter in the mail from Hugh Hefner. The letter was addressed to a Chicago politician by the name of Burton Natarus whom I had written when the Chicago City Hall was considering honoring the founder of Playboy Enterprises by naming a street after him.
Hefner responded to my earlier letter to Alderman Natarus in which I directly quoted several former employees of Playboy Enterprises who provided sworn testimony before the federal commission on pornography in 1986. One of these former	employees, Brenda
McKillop — who Heftier refers to as a	"born-again basket case"
— remembered last week an incident more than 20 years ago when she and other Christians confronted a male spokesman for Playboy, telling him that "Playboy magazine was corrupting the morals of America." His wry response was "we certainly hope so," which was recorded by a Chicago television station.
This December, Playboy will mark its 50th anniversary in publication. During this time, Hefner’s magazine has made strong inroads into America's culture. As Heftier stated in an April 2000 letter, "my role in changing social-sexual values in America ... is something in which I take considerable pride"
While author and researcher Dr. Judith Reisman agrees that today's social-sexual values sadly reflects "Hefs world," she adds "it's also a world where [infection rates of] every kind of STD [sexually transmitted disease] and venereal disease are at startling high levels, where little boys and girls have sex before adolescence doing it in ways Hefner has taught" America. Reisman continues, saying that the magazine's philosophy emulates the narcissistic belief that personal sexual satisfaction is of premiere importance and "it doesn't matter who you hurt along the way." Hefner, she says, has "defined deviancy down."
"What non-consumers [of the magazine] do not know — and many Playboy consumers overlook -- is that Playboy has always been much more than a 'girlie' or 'men's' magazineshe asserts. "[Playboy] has been a bully pulpit for a worldview that judges men according to their tally of sexual conquests."
As a former Playboy Bunny who worked in the Los Angeles Playboy club from 1973 to 1976, Brenda McKillop speaks with some authority. By her own account, McKillop says Playboy is more than a pornographic magazine with pictures of naked women.
"It is a philosophy that enticed me to throw away my Christian ethics of no premarital sex and of no adultery, to practice recreational sex with no commitments," she says. "The Playboy philosophy gave me no warning as to the emotional, physical, and spiritual devastation that accompanied this supposed sexual liberation. In reality, it was an addiction to sexual perversion.”
Many Americans who may share strong beliefs in the
has long made a mockery of traditional Christianity and even Jesus himself. Much of those insults have appeared in the magazine's columns and cartoon sections. Hefner’s editorial oversight has sought to ridicule the Bible and long-held, faith-based moral guidelines for living, especially those relating to sexual fidelity. He has glorified interracial dating and has bragged of having had at least a few homosexual encounters.
Hefner's magazine has often characterized the faith community as being uptight about sex —thereby restricting Hefner's perceived unlimited craving for sexual freedom — and fantasy. Hefner wants a world of unrestricted sexual liberty, but without consequence.
As McKillop stated, that philosophy has distorted the beauty of sexuality in context of the One who created it. God created sex as a beautiful expression of love, but within His context — namely, between a man and women committed to each other in marriage. Heftier and his empire endorse a philosophy that promotes multiple sexual partners while ignoring any negative consequences of this "sexually liberating" lifestyle. The Playboy message is blind to the long-term damages resulting from adultery, infidelity, and numerous sexual indiscretions. What is sad is that much of America has been taken in by "Hefs world."
The faith community cannot afford to be trapped into innocently believing that "Hefs world" philosophy is harmless. It is far from that. Parents much teach their children the damaging message that Playboy espouses. We can no longer accept the explanation that "it's just a boy's or a man's thing." Hefner's message is dangerous to America. We should remind our children and family of that.
Jewish Roots of Porn in the America
While Hugh Hefner is not Jewish he is certainly the most well known byproduct of the pom industry (except for serial rapist and murderer Ted Bundy) — an industry rooted in the Jewish community.
In Marc Eliot’s anti-Disney biography he brags about how Jews gained ground in Hollywood and took over the Industry from its Christian inventor Thomas Alva Edison. Like Disney, he had trouble with the Jewish interests from the beginning. He and the rest of his fellow white cinematographers were keenly aware of their public responsibility, especially regarding children, to present ethical, high quality films which were morally sound and uplifting, artistically.
The anti-Christian Jewish instinct soon sniffed out the financial possibilities of this new medium, however, by appealing to the baser inclinations of the masses:
Edison was greatly disturbed by the sudden, sweeping popularity of the new century’s first novelty, street comer nickelodeons, amusement parlors that first appeared on New York” Lower East Side. He felt they cheapened the sophisticated art of film by offering “peep shows” and other lurid diversions meant to satisfy the carnal pleasures of the workingman. In 1910, Edison formed the first motion picture alliance, which came to be known as the
Continued on Page 10
family and their faith foil to understand that Playboy magazine
The Crusader / Page 9
Hugh Hefner has enjoyed destroying the morals of America’s youth, but is considered a celebrity to many worldwide.
The great Thomas Edison, worked to strengthen America’s families
Continued from Page 9
""Trust."" Its purpose was to protect the public from the kind of immoral trash produced by what he termed the “Jewish profiteers" who not only ran the nickelodeons but made their own movie to show to them...In response, an independent group of mostly immigrant Jewish filmmakers, led by Carl Laemmle, formed their own distribution organization, or exchange, as they called it. They organized an effective, if illegal, underground to import foreign raw film stock and equipment that allowed them to keep making movies.
Edison would not put up with it, and he had the support of an almost entirely Christian populace. He organized his own troops. Eliot reports, “They smashed the nickelodeon arcades and set block-long fires in the neighborhoods that housed them .” It was the only argument the Jews understood and it worked. New York was clean again. But the Jews excel at nothing if not survival, and the Laemmle mob, “to put as much distance between themselves and Edison as possible, migrated to California.”
There they found cheap real estate, a perfect climate, and the natural protection of a 3,000 mile buffer zone. California gave them a second chance to make their movies...Unlike their early East Coast counterparts; the heads of Hollywood's studios were less interested in artistic experimentation than profit. They put on the screen what sold the most. The public was willing to pay to see films filled with sex and violence and Hollywood was more than happy to make them...
However, Hollywood’s moguls had no idea of what was meant by “socially acceptable” ifs. They didn’t know if their movie were moral or immoral and couldn’t have cared less. To them, films were strictly vehicles for profit, no instruments of expression. The more money a film made the better it was. Whenever the industry came under attack for being morally corrupt, none of Hollywood" owners believed the problem had anything to do with morality.
Which, of course, was precisely the problem. Among those who correctly perceived Hollywood as dominated by Jews, to many in government and the private sector they were nothing more than heathens, unable to comprehend, let alone project, the essence of Christian morality. They believed Hollywood’s Jewish businessmen had corrupted an art form for the sake of making money, and by so doing had contributed to the widening moral corruption of America. They were, in Henry Ford’s words, a perfect example of America’s growing problem, its tum-of -the-century influence of the “international Jew"
Jewish Porn Connection
The Jew never tires of telling anyone willing to listen that he has made many valuable contributions to civilization. Lately, many people have been asking, "What contributions? When? Where?" Can anyone name just one Jew to whom children ever looked up to as a hero? To be fair, there is one field in which the Jew has made such a wonderful "contribution" that it must be admitted that this field has become a Jewish monopoly. For lack of a worse term, this category is often referred to as "Jewish Family Values." Below are listed some Jewish heroes and heroines and brief details of their valuable "contributions" to civilization.
According to Time magazine of 9 May 1983, the inventor of telephone sex lines is Gloria Leonard. Miss Leonard was one of 21 lucky winners in New York Telephone's lottery for Dial-It
services. She used this opportunity to profit from her experience as a star of countless hard core pornographic films and as the founder and editor of the hard core pom magazine High Society. Miss Leonard often refers to herself as "A nice Jewish girl from the Bronx."
Time Out magazine of 6-12 May 1983 reported the visit to Britain of A1 Goldstein, who is the founder and editor of Screw magazine and the host of the cable television chat show iMidnight Blue' Journalist Steve Grant noted Goldstein's "Brooklyn-Jewish forthrightness" and described him as looking like "an oddball Israeli ambassador." Said Goldstein: "British customs raided me again. They ripped up the magazine. If they do it again I'm gonna move here permanently. How would that effect your neighborhood? Boy, you thought the Indians were bad, wait until a Jewish pornographer turns up. I'll probably start a cartoon strip with Margaret Thatcher and Reagan fi—ing. Wow\"
On the 13th of October 1982, the National Film Theater presented "Sluts and Goddesses - Annie Sprinkle", a series of films described in the NFI brochure as "shocking but true videos...an absurd, heartfelt and worshipful look at sex, challenging the boundaries of femininity and myths of sexual norms." Annie Sprinkle often refers to herself as "A nice Jewish girl from Brooklyn." Annie Sprinkle's real name is Ellen Steinberg.
The Sunday Express of 6 December 1992 reported that the Ann Summers chain of sex shops is owned by the Gold brothers, Ralph and David. They also own 50% of Sullivan's Sport Newspapers and publish Bite, a soft pom magazine for women. The managing director of Ann Summers is David Gold's daughter, Jacqueline. Ms. London magazine of 4 October 1993 reported that Miss Gold, now 33 "came into daddy's company... when she was 19." She is "the astute businesswoman who created the Ann Summers parties based on the Tupperware parties." Said Miss Gold: "When I first started, the business was male oriented The parties excited me so much because I saw a whole new avenue for women."
The February 1992 issue of Harper's and Queen reported on the family values of Sigmund Freud’s descendants. Grandson Lucian is a painter who "lays bare his wives, his lovers and his children in his portraits." Journalist Raffaella Barker commented: "No artist in the world has painted his daughters naked as many times as Lucian Freud." His daughter Esther has written a novel based on life with her sister, Bella, and their unmarried parents. The title of the novel is Hideous Kinky.
Evelyn Kaye has made a special study of Jewish Family Values in her book The Hole in The Sheet: A Modern Woman Looks at Orthodox and Hasidic Judaism, Lyle Stuart Publishers, 1987. Mrs Kaye describes "The Doctrine of Anti-Goyism" as being "The mark of a truly devout Hasidic or Orthodox Jew, as well as many other Jews, is an unquestioned hatred of non-Jews. This is the foundation of ultra-Orthodax and Hasidic philosophyThe book's title is based on the following Jewish law:, a sheet is kept between her and her husband, with a hole at the appropriate place for the correct connection to be made. The Talmud usually describes sex in a debasing and derogatory manner.
Chaim Bermant, writing in the Jewish Chronicle of 15 January 1993, drew attention to the cemeteries for Jewish prostitutes in Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aries. Bermant also noted the contributions the Jew made to English society at the
Continued on Page 12
The Crusader / Page 10
PICTURES FROM PATRIOT’S DAY PICNIC HELD ON MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND
The 19th Annual Picnic- sponsored by Thomas Robb Ministries- featured good speakers, good food, good music, and good company
Below - Anna gives her Christian testimony and introduces the new Christian	Identity Bible course
available	from Thomas	Robb
Ministries
Below - Nathan speaks about the devastating effects Illegal Immigration is having on white nations throughout the world - and what our response should be.
Right - Thomas Robb speaks about the new Racial Reconciliation Theology prevalent in most of today’s churches. Pastor Robb has also written a book on the subject titled: God’s Word on Racial Reconciliation. It disproves the scientific and so-called	Biblical
foundation of the brotherhood of man
We did not have room for all of the pictures, but had a great time. The Bible tells us the importance of coming together to worship Him, renew strength and dedication and meditate upon God’s word. We hope to see you at Congress 2003 Labor Day Weekend!
Charles Town, WV Big Springs, TX Easton, MA Foxboro,MA Mansfield, MA Walpole, MA Dedham, MA Stoughton, MA Conroe, TX Buffalo, NY Kernesville, NC Colfax, NC Greensboro ,NC Concord, AR Waynesboro, PA Green castle, PA Mercersburg, PA Rochester, NY Gamer, NC Vallejo, CA Las Animas, CO Cary NC
Raleigh, NC Chapel Hill, NC Fuquay, NC Varina, NC HolbrookMA Randolph, MA Brockton, MA Braintree, MA Quincy,MA Greenville, TN Hartford, KY Beaver Dam, KY Goose Creek, SC Summerville, SC Jarrat, VA Emporia, VA Heber Spring-AR Newark, AR
Hanahan, SC Charleston,SC Temple Hill, IL GolcondaJL Columbia, MS Foxworth, MS Columbia, MS Prianceton, TX McKinny, TX Farmersville, TX Deming, NM Albuquerque, NM
Tucson, AZ Phoenix, AZ Lakeville,MA Tacoma, W A Poulan, GA
Cleveland, MS Greenville, MS Clarksdale, MS Memphis, TN Little Rock AR Conway, AR Springfield, MO St. Louis, MO Maryville, MO Biloxi, MS Albany, GA Atlanta, GA West Haven, CT McEwen, TN Inkster, .MI Rocklin, CA Rockford, IL Fordyce, AR
Portland OR Prescott, AZ Columbus, OH Cleveland OH Tuscumbia, AL Shreveport,LA Enterprise, AL Gadsden, AL Bloomington, IN Terre Haute, IN Marlon, IN Logansport, IN Kokomo, IN Fort Wayne, IN Corvallis, OR Cedar Rapids, IA Villisca, IA Red Oak, IA
Owatonna, MN Maryville, MO Scottsbluff, NE Bismarck, ND El Reno, OK Enid OK Stillwater, OK Athens, TN Beaumont, TX Cheyenne, WY Dallas, TX Laramie, WY Brownwood TX Boulder, CO Sterling, CO Durango, CO Fort Morgan, CO Pueblo, CO
Chicago, IL LonglslandNY Providence,RI Madison, WI Milwaukee, WI Menomenee, WI Olathe, KS Kansas City,KS Joplin,MO New Orleans, LA Salina KS El Dorado KS Olympia, WA Ft.Collins, CO Las Vegas, NV Denver, CO Ocean City,NJ Princeton,NJ Lincoln,NE Omaha, NE Salem,NH
Continued from Page 10
beginning of this century: ",In the same period (1903-1909), 151 aliens, most of them Jewish, were convicted for keeping brothels, and 521 for soliciting. “
Another painter who has applied Jewish family values to his "art" is Robert Lenkiewicz, who was profiled by Paul Pickering in the Sunday Telegraph of 28 November 1993. Reported Pickering: "Lenkiewicz was born in 1943 of Jewish parents... Some of his best work comes within a skinfold of Lucian Freud... His Jewish upbringing and the Holocaust are the continuing motivation for his interest in obsessive behavior. In particular, Nazism... 'That is one of my themes. In all I've done 18 projects to date which are an attempt to define obsessive behavior.'... Lenkiewicz appears prominently in his paintings. On occasions a little too prominently: in one picture he is seen copulating with a goat... Lenkiewicz has sired at least 15 illegitimate children with several women, Pickering concludes, "Robert is exactly the sort of artist that fathers warn their daughters about."
Robert J. Stoller, M.D. in his 1991 book. Porn: Myths for the Twentieth Century, sought to understand the mentality of the people involved in the hard core pornography business, which is centered in California’s San Fernando Valley. Whilst interviewing some of the actors and actresses, he was told, "If you're welcomed into the pom scene, it's unbelievable. It's an extended family... In fact, she almost feels like she's going to an X-rated country club. So many Jewish people involved with it."
The Guardian's New York correspondent Mark Iran reported on January 4, 1994 in an article entitled 'Mean Streets of New York Become Cleaner', "In Chelsea, lower Manhattan, Israelis run the porn business..."
The Guardian of 22 April 1992 carried an article entitled 'The Language of Lust', in which Geraldine Bedell told of the career of Isabel Koprowski. Reported Miss Bedell: "Koprowski, 36, is a pornographer. It is her own definition of what she does as managing editor of Forum and Penthouse, and... a new top-shelf magazine, For Women, which she promises will be 'a cross between Penthouse and Marie Claire.' Miss Koprowski told Tony Parsons of the London Evening Standard on 13 April 1992, "Our aim is to push back the boundaries of women's magazines." Miss Koprowski has been described by the Jewish Chronicle as "A nice Jewish girl."
George Orwell, in his first book, Down and Out in Paris and London, recorded a conversation he had with his Russian flatmate: "/ will tell you what Jews are like. Once, in the early months of the war, we were on the march, and we had halted at a village for the night. A horrible old Jew, with a red beard like Judas Iscariot, came sneaking up to my billet. I asked him what he wanted ' Your honour,' he said, 7 have brought a girl for you, a beautiful young girl only 17. It will only be 50 francs.' 'Thank you,' I said, 'you can take her away again. I don't want to catch any diseases.' 'Diseases!' cried the Jew, 'mais Monsieur le capitaine, there's no fear of that. It’s my own daughter'.' That is the Jewish national character for you."
Jews Dominate Porn
Jews dominate the production and distribution of porn. Pornographer Seymour Butts attributes the large number of Jews in pom to the desire for profits. "Jews gravitate toward money."
While all Jews are not radical, many radicals are Jews, writes non-Jew Ernest van den Haag in his book The Jewish Mystique. "Out of one hundred Jews five may be radicals, but out of ten radicals, five are likely to be Jewish."
Jewish domination of pom, banking, entertainment, media and academia leads to their war on traditional values. Pom is just one expression of this rebellion against the Christian standards
"/ have not met a Jewish guy who wasn’t a horny rabbit,” says pom star [Nina] Hartley. Like many pomographers, Richard Pacheco refuses to use the word pornography. " Working in adult films is the most righteous thing I do. ”
Police Break Up Child Snuff Porn Ring Jewish Gangsters Raped, Killed Children As Young As Two On Film
Rome - 2000 - Italian and Russian police, working together, broke up a ring of Jewish gangsters who had been involved in the manufacture of child rape and snuff pornography.
Three Russian Jews and eight Italian Jews were arrested after police discovered they had been kidnapping non-Jewish children between the ages of two and five years from Russian orphanages, raping the children, and then murdering them on film. Mostly non-Jewish customers, including 1,700 nationwide, 600 in Italy, and an unknown number in the United States, paid as much as $20,000 per film to watch little children being raped and murdered.
Jewish officials in a major Italian news agency tried to cover the story up, but were circumvented by Italian news reporters, who broadcast scenes from the films live at prime time on Italian television to more than 11 million Italian viewers. Jewish officials then fired the executives responsible, claiming they were spreading "blood libel."
Throughout history, various groups have accused sects of Jews of ritually murdering small children. One such account, that of Hugh QfjjJVg^ift itcftCffiSratoulsion of all Jews from Britain in	guq? a&cmnts have been discounted in
modmlujjjW; out are so wfcligj^ead that Jewish organizations havijpdveloped a name for them — "blood libel."
Tnough AP' and	both	ran	stories	on	the	episode, US
media conglwner^es refused to carry the story on television news, again saying the story would prejudice Americans against
Jews AtslVN/ATCrl
Jewish gahgsters m Russia have become increasingly linked to traffic in "white slayes!L-md prostitutes through Israel, according to a recent report in the Jerusalem Post. Israel turns an official blind eye to forced prostitution, and does not punish Israeli citizens who choose to own "sex slaves" as long as the slaves are foreign and non-Jews.
Order “The Talmud Unmasked”
Read what the Jews really say about Jesus, Christians, Women and Children, and other traditional family topics. Things like, “Jesus was born from a prostitute named Mary” and “Jesus will burn in excrement for ever”
Send $8.00 to Christian Concepts PO Box 2222 / Harrison, AR 72601
The Crusader / Page 12