May - June 2003
NO!.. 10 • NO. 3
the League of the South P. O. Bo\ 760 Kn 11 n, AL 35645
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
.l^esident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
Enemies II
Sometimes a man can be his own worst enemy. In the case of the Southern movement, I believe this also holds true. One of the worst elements of human nature is to blame anyone but ourselves for the bad things that befall us. M> father once told me that the best way to identify the source of most of my problems was to look in the mirror. I didn't want to hear this, of course, but I know now that he was right.
This is not to say that the Southern movement does not have real, external enemies who wish to see us fail (see the President's Message in the last issue of this newsletter). However, we often tend to over emphasize the external and ignore the internal threats to our well being. Just what are these internal problems that sometimes make us our own worst enemy? Three readily come to mind: 1) fear; 2) self interest; and 3) apathy. Let's take them seriatim.
Fear obviously has always been a prime cause of action or inaction, as the case may be. Looking at fear and the Southern movement. I'm prone to think that fear moves men to either studiously ignore the fact that our cultural inheritance as Southerners is being destroyed right before our eyes or to cheer it on (with varying levels of enthusiasm) in hopes that such behaviour will curry favour with the Establishment (broadly defined) and/or assuage their own personal guilt for being bom a white Christian Southerner. By ignoring our cultural perils, the fearful Southerner will not have to explain to his friendr neighbours, or boss why he otherwise might defend a cause and its symbols that the guardians of cultural conformity have condemned as positively retrograde. Such behaviour is not good for business, for promotions, or for acceptance into the country club. I once encountered a fellow who belonged to a rather well known Southern organisation who told me he liked what the League stood for, but that if this were known to the public it would be bad for his business. Best to keep quiet, and a word not spoken against one’s fathers means that in a roundabout, negative sort of way that we've upheld the fifth commandment, doesn’t it?
Fear also can motivate Southerners to actively speak out against their cultural inheritance and their ancestors in hopes that such kowtowing will put them in favour with the ‘powers that be.’ The self hating Southerner is indeed a pathetic creature (e.g. the recently disgraced NY Times editor Howell Raines of Alabama) who will usually suffer the fate of all who destroy their own roots. Cooperation with the South bashing Establishment has become a main route to respectability and wealth for many Chamber of Commerce type Southrons.
1 once heard it said that these sorts of folks would sell Grandma for enough Yankee dollars (I believe I ought to credit Charley Reese for this one). Not to put too fine a point on it, but there will be no place in a free South for these
2
Southern Patriot
Scalawags.
Self interest in some ways is related to the fear factor. It is often the obverse side of the same coin. When fear is overcome, then positive self interest often takes over. Many Southerners learn, directly or indirectly, that being a true Southerner comes with a price tag. While in many cases there may be no overt punishment linked to celebrating one’s Southern heritage, there is surely lost opportunity. For instance. Southern Chambers of Commerce are quick to point out the supposed high cost to business development of publicly displaying the battleflag. Though these claims are always highly dubious (e.g. see Mercedes’ attitude about operating in Alabama while the flag still flew above the State capitol), it is often accepted as gospel truth by the media, and as such, is transmitted to the general public, who then acts upon the false information. Therefore, what becomes ‘true’ for the corporate culture in the South is forced upon individual Southerners who might wish to avail themselves of the financial rewards of being part of that culture. Thus Southerners are forced to pay lip service to a lie (at least those who are aware of the lie) that their own culture is evil and must be eradicated if they and the South itself are to be financially successful. This Siren’s Song of wealth and prosperity is often too strong for our people to resist. Therefore, self interest (or a perceived self interest) trumps principle, and the traditional South loses.
But the most widespead problem plaguing the Southern movement is apathy. There are millions of Southerners out there who could care less what happens to their cultural inheritance and liberties. How do we reach these seemingly ‘unreachables?’
As long as they have their three Bs beer, bass boats, and ball games the world is a happy place. On the one hand, perhaps it will take nothing less than the wolf at the door (perhaps literally) to get these folks motivated to defend what is really important; one the other, however, by then it may be too late for meaningful action.
As I see it, the League’s job is to convince Southerners to put aside their fear and apathy and re define their self interests in such a way that the defense of the South and our way of life will be central to every thought and deed. Indeed, this will be a difficult task. But we do not need to convince every Southerner. After all, the Founders managed quite well with the support of about fifteen to twenty percent of their fellow colonists in 1776. A determined and well led minority can accomplish much. Let’s remember how General Forrest won his battles: by 1) preparing meticulously; 2) choosing the time and place to fight; and 3) hitting the enemy hard with everything you’ve got. Deo vindice!
Michael Hill
Killen, Alabama
H. L. Mencken, writing in 1930 on the results of the War: That disaster left the Southern gentry deflated and almost helpless. Thousands of the best young men among them had been killed, and thousands [went elsewhere].... First the carpetbaggers ravaged the land, and then it fell into the hands of the native white trash, already so poor that war and Reconstruction could not make them any poorer. When things began to improve they seized whatever was seizable, and their heirs and assigns, now poor no longer, hold it to this day.... If the war had gone with the Confederates no such vermin would be in the saddle.’
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of The League of the South
P. O. BOX 760 KILLEN, AL 35645 U (800) 888-3161:®-; email: JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienetorg
Editor: Nat Rudulph Submissions mustbein Microsoft Word, WordPerfect, PDF, or text file and emailed to south2@juno.com. Mail typewritten:submissions to P.O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT:	.
,|J| Michael Hilt, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: \ Jack Kershaw, J.D.
Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J.; Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D. '■FranklinSanders liMjl iR. Gordon Thornton
© 2003 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
AROUND THE LEAGUE
&10-12 July 2003 League of the South National Conference at Abbeville, South Carolina Civic Center on North Main Street. By the time you read this, the conference will probably have already taken place, but if not, it’s not too late to attend what promises to be the best conference ever. Speakers include Robert Salyer, Tom Moore, Franklin Sanders, R. Gordon (Rob) Thornton, and Michael Hill. The first session of the conference is 7pm Friday. Attendees may register at the door from 6 - 7pm Friday or 8:30 to 9am Saturday. Registration fees at the door are $30 for individuals, and $50 for a family.
GEORGIA
ft 17-19 July 2003 LSI Third Annual Georgia Summer Institute will take place with the theme: Great Georgia Writers: an Enduring Legacy. Location is Forsyth Square Inn & Restaurant, 22 West Main Street, Forsyth, Georgia. In the long view of history, a people are best known by their culture, and especially by their literature. We would not really know the Greeks without Homer, or Elizabethan England without Shakespeare. So it is and will be with the South, which has produced most of the great writers of North America. Southern literature is a rich cultural legacy. This year’s summer institute will examine and appreciate some of the Georgia portion of that treasure. Speakers include Rev James Schoolfield, Dr Clyde Wilson, Professor David Aiken, Professor Joseph Stromberg, Professor Mark Winchell, Professor David Aiken, Mrs Mary-Barbara Tate, and Antebellum Music performed by Mr Beauregard Palmer and Mrs Lisa Palmer. Registration is 4-9pm, Thursday 17 July, with a welcoming banquet, followed
by remarks. Friday lectures and music, 8:30am - 9pm. Saturday lectures and Faculty Roundtable and Question Session, 8:30am to 3pm. Subjects will include Augustus Baldwin Longstreet and ‘Georgia Scenes,’ Alexander H. Stephens and His ‘Constitutional View of the Late War between the States,’ Joel Chandler Harris and ‘Uncle Remus,’ Sidney Lanier, Margaret Mitchell and ‘Gone with the Wind,’ and Flannery O’Connor. Tuition is $50 per person; $75 for wife and husband; and $35 for students (college and high school). The tuition includes the Thursday evening banquet and the Friday evening music program. Some scholarships are available for students. Tuition checks should be payable to the League of the South and sent to the League Georgia Cultural Chairman: Jim Schoolfield, 3988 Hartley bridge Road, Macon Georgia 31216. E-mail: jschoolf@clicksouth.net. Phone: (478)788-7683
ft Fourth Thursday of each month meetings will be held in Bruswick at Captain Joe’s on Hwy 17 - at 6pm. For more info call 912-267-6172.
NORTH CAROLINA
ft 18 October 2003, Saturday, 10am-4:40pm - Fall 2003 WBTS Symposium: Sponsored by: The Cape Fear Historical Institute The Cape Fear Chapter, North Carolina League of the South. ‘Origins of the War Between The States: 1776-1861 Folkways, Economics and Territorial Expansion.’ at the New Hanover County Regional Library 1241 Military Cut Off Road Wilmington, NC. Directions: From the East, follow 1-40 to its eastern terminus and it becomes NCI32 South. Continue straight to the second light, turn left to follow NC74 East to Wrightsville Beach for about 4 miles. At Eastwood Road (McDonald’s on
_________________________ 3
right comer) turn left and the library is 1/8 mile on your right. For more information, contact Mr Bernhard Thuersam at 910.763.9515 or Cape Fear Chapter NCLS, P. O. Box 328, Wilmington, NC 28402 shorelinedz@worldnet.att.net
TENNESSEE
ft 29-31 August 2003 (Labour Day Weekend) The Bodacious Hoedown (The League’s third annual Big Event Of The Year.) The place is BOG’s Top of the World Farm located between Lawrenceburg (‘Crossroads of Dixie’) and Waynesboro, Tennessee, the Confederacy’s geographic center near The Natchez Trace. Free primitive camping, agrarian demonstrations, hands-on agrarian experiences, wagon rides, skillet throwing contest, ugly rooster contest, good eats, lots of music, friendly folks, like minds and much, much more. Write or call for all the area attractions in and around Lawrenceburg. Vendors welcome! Call for a map to the farm and more information 1-888-218-9226
TEXAS
ft First Thursday of each month at 6:30pm Austin Chapter Meeting at the Yarborough branch of the Austin Public Library, 2200 Hancock Dr. Contact alpheus_hall@juno.com
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call for availability. (334)875-1552
endeared the music to me. It was the pure, unpretentious, unpolished creative expression of the soul of a people, made to tell a story and to be enjoyed, not to make money or win fame. My friend said he liked it because in the music he could hear his ancestors talking to him.
If you’re from Dixie and you can’t hear your ancestors talking to you in James Kibler’s new book Child to the Waters, then you’re deaf. This collage of stories calls out Southern virtues and foibles, all that is noble, and all that is ‘quar’ about us. Many of the stories are drawn from actual folk-legends that have been handed down in the author’s native South Carolina.
Story seven, ‘Singin’ Billy, the Song Catcher’ is based on a man who was

fames Everett Kibler
born in South Carolina in 1809 and collected, or caught songs, as well as composed. He set in musical notation many songs of his day.
And this is the true story of Tyger’s own son, our own Billy Walker, ‘Singin’ Billy’ he’s called. He caught up the songs and passed them on down through his books and his own singing schools.... Now we sing him today like the voice of the old vanished forest, rhythms of stars, or the motion of seasons, like the blood in our veins, or the rock of the cradle...
Child to the Waters harnesses stories, phrases, images and feelings that are at the very core of what it is to be a Southron. From Celtic dreams and fables, flying up from some deep ancient past in Europe, a sense of oneness with nature, to Christian virtues and vision, to African cross-cultural influences, Kibler has put together a remarkable collection. One story seems like a fairy tale, the next could be an event you can see happening down the road, and so funny you’re rolling on the floor, like ‘Transistorized Resurrection.' Then there is ‘The Magnolia Fay’—as you read it aloud, sweet butter and pearls seem to roll around your tongue and the syllables spring into the air bringing something fragrant to life.
Kibler’s words seem to have their own music bound up in them. The words combine and reverberate and rhyme as they ebb and flow in what often feels like a delightful prankster of a poem. I might add that the book is liberally
m
Chad to the
Waters
A review by Nat Rudulph
James Everett Kibler, Child To The Waters (Gretna, Louisiana: Pelican Publishing Company, 2003). 206 pp., hardbound, $ 19.00
A folk singer once said, ‘In my tribe, music is blood memory.’ Music touches the deepest parts of our being. It is bigger than the individual, and resonates in a way we don’t consciously understand. The same is true when folk tales are repeated. Stories that are handed dowi^ver generations have a lot of the same myth-like power to convey larger connections.
I am not talking about some pagan Jungian concept of a collective unconscious. I mean a factor that is partially cultural because of generations of shared bonds, and probably genetic as well.
I can appreciate almost all kinds of music. But there is something special I feel when I hear Appalachian music, or old-time Country. Perhaps it reminds me of music that my grandfather used to enjoy. A real treat to me is listening to non-enhanced recordings made on a front porch in Appalachia in the 1920s.
A friend and I were discussing the fact that most Southerners today with their contemporary sensibilities find music like this too rough, too raw, too old. I told him these were the very things that
VOL. 10 • NO. 3
interspersed with actual lyrics from a number of handed-down songs.
‘The Revenge of the Great House’ was quite amusing. Was it a close-to-life story of the author’s own tribulations and annoyances with visiting agents of a ‘Great Northern Publishing House’ who were considering publication of his previous epic Our Fathers ’ Fields? They had taken considerable umbrage at his lack of suffering slaves, cruel chains, and similar PC claptrap in the book. I suspect a good portion of this tale may be true, but the part at the end, where the house gets revenge on the no-good Yankee by giving him a close encounter of the worst kind with a demon or a nightmare, and kills him in a landslide of Southern literature in the form of a collapsed bookshelf on his head is something I’ll just have to ask Jim about the next time I see him. Probably just wishful thinking.
In ‘How Jakob Emig Encountered Old Scratch’ it won’t come as too much of a surprise to Georgians and South Carolinians in particular to read that the devil himself incarnate came visiting in the form of one red-bearded Union general bent on pillage and destruction. Hero Jakob Emig mysteriously protects his property, but not without a little dose of humility from the Lord, so that his victory doesn’t go to his head. Using tales, still current in the Dutch Fork area (Deutsch, meaning German) after 3 centuries, are the basis of this story.
One of my favourites was ‘The Fool Killer: A Fable for Academics.’ Lowell Beecher is the fool killer, the enforcer of Autonomous Man’s dream.
He particularly held the religious as pious great fools, the kings of them all. As for himself, his god was God-
Science-Reason, and he worshipped at shrine every day. Mystery and deep mumbo-jumbo he just could not abide.... He saw then in vision of light: with enough accumulated knowledge of dismembered parts, nature would bend pliantly to enlightened man’s will, and enlightened new man would run shining utopian world— but for the likes of undammed rivers and fools. And as for Saints, sainted damfools, more the like. Superstitions all, powerless before God-Science’s sway. Such superstitions were the folly of children of woods, rivers, and fields.
Fool Killer raises his hand to kill using a hornet’s nest, but something in nature that he hasn’t calculated causes him to immediately reap what he was about to sow.	The
mysterious things, the fool things,	the
permanent things and Christianity
still abide, and Fool Killer is gone.
Someone asked me if Kibler’s new book had anything about Southern Nationalism in it. I said it was nothing about it, yet all about it.
The Irish song ‘Four Green Fields’ depicts the loss of four provinces to the British. In the song Ireland is ‘the old woman’ who mourns her losses, but gives hope for future recovery. When I first heard it I thought it would be a perfect song to adapt to the South, and as one of those projects we start but seldom finish was a plan to write ‘Thirteen Green Fields’. (In case you're thinking of an II-state Confederacy, ask a knowledgeable
Missourian or Kentuckian what the 12th and 13th stars on the Confederate flag represent.)
Kibler has painted an unforgettable picture of the South as ‘the old woman,’ in ‘The Golden Cup and Bowl.’
The teller of the tale is Odell, who stops by for a visit with Hamp Cullen. As they sit in cane-bottom rockers there in the broom-swept yard (Both of my Grandmothers kept yards like this), Odell begins to tell the story of the poor old woman who came to his door. Hamp’s son Rob-Emmet is nearby listening.
Odell begins his tale by recounting her response to his offer of help. ‘It will be help I’ll be requiring of many, and help that will not come easy, and help from some not at all till the last.’
She tells of her 13 children and their 13 fields which were taken by strangers and divided for spoil. Her
^children are ensnared, she says, held by force and have had all that rightfully belongs to them taken
Odell sees something more than a poor beggar in this woman, that she was once noble as a queen, and is still a lady. But thoughts of his own current obligations and pleasures make him wish the old lady would go away. To break the lady’s strange ‘power’ that he senses she has over him he begins to ask what he can give her (to send her away).
He offers food, then gold. The lady replies both times that she is the one who would give great abundance and wealth to her children kept from her, and it is not these she requires. Then he offers fame and standing in the
Someone asked me if Kibler’s new book had anything about Southern Nationalism in it. I said it was nothing about it, yet all about it.
away.
world and respectability. Odell says he has ‘position with the law and in the town. The merchants know me, and even some fear. Important people ask advice and do my bidding every day. If I told your story, you’d have honor back and not be walking in tatters and rags.’
She rebuffs him. it’s I who would bestow standing in the world to those who seek it now in devious, less than honest ways, foreswearing and belying their homes. It’s I who’d give great fame to all my children kept from me. I’d nourish with the strength of heritage fine. No, fame and standing it is not I require.’
Odell begs to know what she requires, or i’ll never be happy more.’ She obliges. ‘You were not happy when to your door I came, nor are you now I see. You miss and lack your own. For you are oldest of my children bom. They took you from me small; they tore you crying from my arms when only four years old.... despoiled my house, and burned it all. They only left us eyes they said, that we might weep....’
After more of this Odell replies, ‘And this, then. Mother, this, the place I live, is it not my home? The books I read to children on my knee, the clothes in closet, talk I hear, songs sung, not my own?’
The fields were taken for the strangers’ own, she tells him, and the books, the songs, the clothes are ‘truly foreign to your soul.’
Odell laments his loss, realizes he has filled his emptiness with getting and spending, pleasures and all. He asks her ‘Ah, Mother, true, I must know all, though knowing might now blast the eyes. What can I do; what must I know?’
What was her answer, and the rest of the story? You’ll have to buy the
book and read it to find out. As tempted as I am to summarize or insert those next two brilliant pages here, I’m not going to, because I don’t want to spoil your reading of the whole story, from beginning to end. It is just too great a read.
Child to the Waters should be read aloud to be fully enjoyed. Buy this book. Many of the stories are short enough even for the little one’s attention span, so you can read it to your children and grandchildren.
As you read, you may find, as Kibler ends his prelude: ‘And a river of memory wells up from the dried riverbed to whisper distinctly the ghosts of its waves. Listen. It speaks the swirl of a new-risen wind.’
Mr Nat Rudulph is the editor of Southern Patriot.
Bush Axes Southern Jobs and Southern Heritage
by Mike Tuggle
The Bush Administration has rewarded the South for its loyalty.
Having successfully continued the Executive usurpation of Congressional authority to negotiate trade contracts, thanks to NAFTA and ‘Fast-Track,’ as well as Congressional authority to declare war, Bush now enjoys unchallenged power. His latest exercise in imperial Executive authority came last week when he awarded the Socialist Republic of Vietnam increases to the US from $49 million to $1.5 billion. This is good news for the Vietnamese, but more grim news for Southern textile workers. The Southern textile industry has closed more than 150 mills and slashed 90,000 jobs since 2001, according to the American Textile
6
Manufacturers Institute, and has shrunk by a third in the last five years.
Southern textile workers have looked to Bush for help, only to be ignored. In September, 2001, weeks before the Twin Towers attack. Southern governors Jim Hodges of South Carolina, Mike Easley of North Carolina, Roy Barnes of Georgia, and Don Siegelman of Alabama appealed to President Bush to help their textile workers, and asked that he meet with them to finally take action against the dumping of foreign textiles in Mexico, which used the NAFTA agreements against us. Bush replied that he was ‘too busy to meet with them.’ That was true — he was busy in Toledo, Ohio with President Fox of Mexico discussing yet another pardon of illegal Mexican immigrants. ‘I know there are some in this world and our country who want to build walls between Mexico and the United States,’ Bush chided, only five days before the World Trade Center tragedy. ‘I want to remind people, fearful people build walls. Confident people tear them down.’ Easley responded by writing another letter criticizing the President for apparently being ‘unwilling to give the (previous) letter the serious attention it deserves.’ On 22 March 2002, governors Easley, Hodges, and Barnes met again at an emergency summit in Dallas, NC, and were joined by 350 textile industry executives, workers, community leaders and members of the US Congress. Governor Easley called for all parties of the NAFTA to comply with its provisions. He stressed that what was hurting his State’s textile industry was the illegal smuggling of Vietnamese and Chinese textiles through Mexico, which he blamed as a major reason for his State’s devastating loss of textile jobs. At the conclusion of the summit
Easley, Hodges and Barnes signed a letter to President George W. Bush asking for him to aid Southern textile workers. Mark Warner of Virginia, though he did not attend the forum, also signed. The appeal from the four Southern governors pleaded for the Bush administration to take action against foreign competitors who refused to open their markets to Southern textiles— in other words, to fulfill their end of the bargain.
Instead, Bush rewarded the Vietnamese textile industry.
This is not Bush-bashing, or even Republican-bashing. Both political parties have scoffed at concerns about the impact of Federal trade and immigration policies on native-born Americans. The Republicans welcome cheap labour, while Democrats cheer the arrival of more voters as they sneak across the border. As jobs at home are appropriated by imported foreigners, many of them illegal, even more jobs vanish into Mexico, thanks to NAFTA.
But once again, it’s the South that has been singled out for abuse as Bush pursues his political agenda. Northern states, which went overwhelmingly for Gore in 2000, must be treated nicely, while it’s okay to treat the South like a cheap date. Commenting on Bush’s textile decision, the Greensboro, North Carolina News and Record observed that at the same time Bush sacrificed Southern jobs, ‘The US steel industry, plagued by inefficiency but based in states politically vulnerable for the GOP, won major trade concessions.’ As one ex-textile mill owner in North Carolina told me, ‘who cares about a bunch of rednecks up here in Stanly County?’
Why should uneven treatment of the South surprise us? It happens all the time, despite the South’s contributions to the nation, and despite its loyalty to
George W. Bush. As Jeff Adams has pointed out, ‘The South isn’t just the Bible Belt, it’s the ‘Patriot Belt’ of America. So why is it that while Southerners offer such respect to America, the rest of America cannot reciprocate that respect?’ While it’s bad enough that we’re ridiculed up North and in Hollywood, why does the president know who we Southerners are only when he needs our votes for elections or our young people for wars?
Why, indeed? Southern whites can be rode hard and put up wet not despite loyalty to Bush, but because of it. Bush and his mouthpieces have deceived our people into thinking he’s on our side, so Southern whites believe the fake image of Bush as a Southerner. Bush & Co. know we’re so irrationally loyal to him, he can treat us any way he wants. When our interests conflict with those of any other group, be they NAACP bigots, or Mexican illegals, or whoever, we Southerners will be sacrificed, yet we’ll take it all without a whimper. And our handlers know it. Remember candidate George W. Bush’s illegal removal of Confederate plaques from the Texas Supreme Court building? He could have stood up for Southern heritage — or he could kowtow to the NAACP. Remember when Dick Cheney refused to attend the funeral of South Carolina Congressman Floyd Spence until the family agreed to remove the Confederate flag from the ceremony?
Remember the way candidate George W. Bush groveled in front of the South-bashing NAACP at their national convention, doing his best to outdo A1 Gore in catering to the race hustlers? And don’t forget that Bush is doing everything he can to replace the South’s traditional demographics with his campaign for open borders and endless pardons for illegal
7
immigrants.
Before we Southerners can reclaim our pride, our heritage, our independence, and our economic security, we must first rid ourselves of the psychic prison that keeps us loyal to a two-party, one-agenda regime that feeds on our misdirected sacrifices and misplaced loyalties. We must first reassert our sense of outrage at unjust treatment.
We must first escape from Bush Country.
Mr Mike tuggle is the chairman of the North Carolina League of the South.
Special League Book Offer
PELICAN PUBUSHERS & THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
League of the South Board member Walter D. (Donnie) Kennedy's blockbuster new book Myths of American Slavery is a tremendous source of information and a great read. Call Pelican at 1-800-843-1724 to order Myths of American Slavery or The South Was Right! as well as John Remington Graham's A Constitutional History of Secession and the League will receive 40% of the sale price of any of these books. Be sure to give them the League's reference code: '2LOS' to insure that we receive our 40%. Thanks!
Also, be sure to inquire about the availability of James Kibler's new book Child to the Waters, reviewed on page 4 of this newsletter.
vol. 10 • no. 3
Presidential Fund Pledge
The purpose of the Presidential Fund of the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation is to keep Dr Hill as full time president for the League of the South. Donations to the fund are tax-deductible. Coupon Books which simplify pledges to the Fund are available. Call 800-888-3163.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN: SAVE MONEY & MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
LDA provides long distance for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTI-SOUTHERN CAUSES. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost.
+ Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
+ Dial 1 long distance service; easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
+ Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
+ Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
+ Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSE - consider switching your Long Distance carrier to LDA
LDA has provided over $7,000 to the League of the South since the inception of this program in October 1997.
Call David Williams (800) 535-0757 to sign up
r LEAGUE of The SOUTH INSTITUTE PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
(clip & mail)
Here's my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full time League of
the South President. Enclosed is (cheque/money order) $_,
one-time donation, or I pledge $___per	(month/year).
YES, I want to join THE CIRCLE OF SAINT ANDREW, so I am pledging a total of $600.00 per year or more.
Name
Address
City
State
Zip
Telephone (
)
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this form to the MNK Foundation, c/o League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. You will receive a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping along with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH EMPLOYMENT FUNDI
The League needs a full-time, professional staff, and your generous donation can make it happen. Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Employment Fund. Donations} to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.l The goals are to hire and support (I) a national field director, (2) a public relations director, (3) a part-time secretary for the national office, (4) a paid editor for this newsletter and for a League journal.
Yes, I want to help the League acquire a paid staff. Enclosed is (cheque/ money order) $_______,	and	I	pledge	$____per	(month/
year). Enclosed is (ck/m.o.) for $ Name
one-time donation.
Address
City
State
Zip
Telephone (_______)________________________
Mail to: League of the South, P O Box 760, Killen, AL 35645
Official Distributor of League of the South Lecture Tapes
Apologia Booh Shoppe
www.pointsouthxom/apolagia
Post Office Box 5126 Newport News, Virginia 23605
Visit our web site to easily order these plus much more on-line using your major credit card, or mail payment to us today for total plus 10% for shipping (7% if total is over $100)
Or call your credit card order in to: (757)498-1802
A Debate on Slavery (1846)
Jonathan Blanchard & N.L. Rice
For six days in October of 1845, two Presbyterian ministers faced each other in debate over the issue of slavery. This book contains the complete transcript of the exchange, covering such topics as gradual emancipation, slavery in Old Testament Israel, the alleged cruel treatment of slaves in the South, the Fugitive Slave law, and many others. 482 pages. - Plain cover Paperback (19.00)
North Against South: The American Iliad 1848-1877
Ludwell H. Johnson
One of the most comprehensive and accurate narratives of the War, its causes, the results, and how corrupt Northern politicians subverted and destroyed the republic of the Founders. 301 pages. -Paperback (14.00)
The Natural Limits of Slavery Expansion
Charles W. Ramsdell
The author of this article completely debunks the notion that slavery was threatening to spread into the Territories, showing that agitation on this nonexistent issue was merely a ploy used to drive a wedge between the North and South and to force them into civil war and that slavery itself would have not long afterward died a natural death due to the economic forces then at work in America. 20 pages. - Booklet (3.00)
The Philosophy and Practice of Slavery in the United States (1856)
William Smith
This book discusses the subject of domestic slavery in the United States from a uniquely philosophical standpoint. The author, a professor of Moral Philosophy, criticizes the egalitarian proposition that all men are bom equal, showing that they instead differ greatly in moral ana intellectual capacity and that the restraining nature of the government under which they live will increase or diminish in proportion to their ability to restrain their own passions. Also included in these pages is an enumeration of the duties which masters owe to their slaves. 328 pages. -Paperback (13.00)
2002 League of the South National Conference
This six tape set covers the speeches given at the 2002 national conference, including: We Dare Defend Our Rights - Dr. J. Michael Hill; Out of the Box: An Irish Lesson for the South - Dr. Jim Kibler; Southern Redemption - Ray McBerry; The Real Lincoln - Dr. Thomas DiLorenzo; Plus minilectures by Michael Hill, Douglas Hutcheson, Robert Hayes, Ron Holland, ana Jack Kershaw. Six tape set (30.00)
2002 Georgia LS Institute Summer School
The War on the Southern People tape set-Recorded at the LSI Second Annual Georgia Summer School you will get to hear many great lecture dealing with issues surround Lincoln's war, both pre and post-war situations, and post-war reconstruction atrocities. Lectures Include: Dr. Clyde Wilson - Northern Myths About the Way (Two Parts); Dr. Joseph Stromberg - Lincoln and Total & The Near Defeat of Reconstruction: The Role of the Plainfolk; Dr. Scott Trask - Antebellum Northern Defenders of the South & The Peace Democrats of New York and Philadelphia. Six tape set (30.00)
2002 LS Institute Summer School
Great Southern Writers - LSI 7th Annual Summer School. Included in this years set are the following twelve lecture: Prof. David Aiken - William Gilmore Simms; Dr. Jim Kibler - Confederate War Poetry; William Faulkner; Dr. William Wilson - Flannery O'Connor; Walker Percy; Dr. Randall Ivey - William Goyen; Fred Chappell; Dr. Clyde Wilson - George Garrett & Tom Wolfe; Dr. Tom Landess - Caroline Gordon: Andrew Lytle; Prof. Mark Winchell - Gone with the Wind; Birth of a Nation. 12 Lectures
(60.00)
2002 Louisiana LS Institute Summer School
Taking place in Baton Rouge Louisiana on 21-22 June 2002, this conference on Reconstruction is preserved in this box set containing the six lectures in a protective box. Lectures included are: Dr. Clyde Wilson - Overview of Reconstruction; Dr. Donald Livingston - The Fourteenth Amendment; Roger Busbice - Reconstruction in Louisiana (Part 1 & 2); Dr. Thomas Fleming - From John Brown to Jesse James: Reconstruction on the Western Border (Part 1 & 2). Six lectures (30.00)
2002 Southern Heritage Society
12th Annual Conference
24-25 May 2002 brought us another one of the largest conference and Confederate balls to date. All seven lectures, plus an eighth bonus tape of Pastor Wilkins Lord's Day sermon, makes this a well rounded and educational set. Lectures include: Dr. Thomas DiLorenzo - Lincoln's Constitutional Revolution; The Real Lincoln; Reconstructing America: Consolidation of State Power; Pastor Mickey Schneider - The Life of Benjamin Morgan Palmer (Part 1 & 2); Donald Kennedy - America's Slavery Mythology; Rev. J. Steven Wilkins - The Great Adversary: Patrick Henry & Constitutional Liberty; The Holy Trinity & Community (Sermon). Eight Cassettes (40.00)
Heroes in Time: Robert E. Lee John J. Dwyer
The author of the classic novel "Heroes in Time: Stonewall" is back with yet another great novel on one of America's true heroes. Painted across the epic canvas of war-torn America, from the elite and corrupt corridors of Washington power to the lovely and savage fields of the devastated South, Robert E. Lee chronicles like never before a giant of American history and the world in which he lived. -Paperback (14.00) (Heroes in Time: Stonewall volume also available for same price)
Southerner Take Your Stand John Vinson This booklet defends the True South, not the New South, nor the Sunbelt. Its message is to that brave remnant of Southerners who are proud of their heritage and culture, men and women of distinction who are determined that their beloved Southland will remain a distinctive region. 32 page. -Booklet (3.00)
Rethinking Lincoln We've packaged six of our excellent lecture tapes into one set at a reduced price. This set includes: Rethinking Lincoln - Dr. Donald Livingston; Would Abe's Religion Save You - Rev. John Killian; The Evil Empire - Dr. Thomas Fleming; Lincoln and Lenin - Dr. George Grant; The Real Abe Lincoln -Dr. J. Michael Hill; Lincoln's Real Agenda - Dr. Thomas DiLorenzo. Six lectures in protective case.
(30.00)
Sail on Alabama
Robert Lloyd
A Two-CD set, disc one is a 16 track CD of music from the screenplay "Sail on Alabama" and shares with us a time of chivalry, manners and grace. Sail the world with the crew of the most famous and feared ship of her time, the ghost ship "CSS Alabama." Disc two is a video CD with the full length video for the song "Going Back to Richmond." -CD/Video CD (20.00)
Leaders of the Confederacy We've packaged six of our excellent lecture tapes into one set at a reduced price. This set includes: Jefferson Davis: The Christian President - Rev. Charles Baker; The Christian Character of A.H. Stephens - Rev. John Killian; The Christian Character of R.E. Lee - Rev. J. Steven Wilkins; The Christian Character of "Stonewall" Jackson - Dr. Robert Maddox; The Brief Life of J.E.B. Stuart -Rev. J. Steven Wilkins; Nathan Bedford Forrest: Life and Conversion - Franklin Sanders. Six lectures in protective case. (30.00)
Restoring the Republic We've packaged six of our excellent lecture tapes into one set at a reduced price. This set includes: Restoring the Republic - Howard Phillips; Sovereignty and Accountability - Howard Phillips; Rebellion to Tyrants is Obedience to God - John Thomas Cripps; The Ideal of the Federal Government - Dr. J. Michael Hill; Egalitarian Democracy: The Universal Wolf - Dr. J. Michael Hill; What Do We Do Now - Rev. J. Steven Wilkins. Six lectures in protective case. (30.00)
The Real Abraham Lincoln Debate Is Lincoln's reputation deserved? Lincoln defender Harry V. Jaffa argued that Lincoln was a model statesman who stuck by high-minded principles as he fought to promote liberty. Lincoln critic momas DiLorenzo argued that Lincoln was a calculating politician who waged the bloodiest war in American history not to free the slaves, but in order to build an empire that rivaled Great Britain's. Was Lincoln a great hero or a villain? Did he honor the promise or America—or betray it? - Cassette (16.00) -Video (26.00)
Ousting the Carpetbagger From South Carolina
Henry T. Thompson South Carolina had been stigmatized by her enemies as "the nest wherein was hatched the snake of Secession," and it was the purpose of congressional Reconstruction to mete out retribution upon her people and to ensure the ascendency of the radical Republican party. Thus, at the point of the bayonet, was evolved a condition which is without parallel in all history — the very best and noblest citizens of the State were subjugated to a position of inferiority to their former slaves. This book is a history of the political revolution of 1876 in which South Carolinians, led by General Wade Hampton and his Redshirts, united to throw off the oppressive yoke of the "Carpetbag" government. 194 pages. - Paperback
(9.00)
The South as a Conscious Minority, 1789-1860 Jesse T. Carpenter The author presents the arguments of leading Southern Statesmen, such as Robert Hayne ana John C. Calhoun, showing that the South as a minority section was bearing an excessive portion of the burdens of the federal Government, while the North as the majority was receiving an equally disproportionate share of the benefits, and that it was this disadvantage, and not slavery as a separate issue, which was the cause of secession. 325 pages. - Paperback (13.00)
Economic Bases of Disunion
in South Carolina
John G. Van Deusen
As most wars have been throughout history, the War Between the States was at bottom a financial conflict. More precisely, it was a fatal dash between the politically-afverse nations within the greater Republic which resulted from a gradual departure on the part of the North from the old ways toward large-scale industry, toward giant capitalism, and toward a centralized, national economy, and a firm resistance to such change on the part of the South. Drawing from a plethora of antebellum editorials and congressional records, the author focuses on the economic factors which ultimately forced South Carolinians to choose the perils of independence over continued subjugation within the Union. 360 pages. - Paperback (14.00)