November - December 2004
VOL. 11 • NO. 6
i'iik League of the South
Post Office Box 760 Killen, A L 35645
" We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
l^esident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Killen, Alabama
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH CORE BELIEFS STATEMENT
For several months, the League Board of Directors has been working on a statement of core belief^. On behalf of the Board, I’d like to present them for your use in explaining the League’s plans and objectives. We hope that they will be particularly useful in your recruitment efforts.
At its founding meeting in June 1994, The League of the South adopted the following Statement of Purpose:
“We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.”
Our Core Beliefs Statement is a more detailed explanation of our views on the four areas set forth above—the cultural, social, economic and political.
I.	Cultural Independence
The League of the South believes that Southern culture is distinct from, and in opposition to, the corrupt mainstream American culture. Therefore, we stand for our own sublime cultural inheritance and seek to separate ourselves from the cultural rot that is American culture. We believe that
•	The South still reveres the tenets of our historic Christian faith and acknowledges its supremacy over man-made laws and opinions; that our Christian faith provides the surest means of securing the welfare of all mankind; and that our primary allegiance is to the Lord Jesus Christ and His Holy Church.
•	Our strongest and most enduring earthly affections and allegiances are to those people and places closest to us—family, friends, neighbors, villages, towns, cities, counties, and States. Conversely, our weakest attachments are to far-off abstractions such as “the nation,” “the environment,” or the “global community.”
•	Southern artists, writers, poets, musicians, and playwrights have produced world-class works of art and literature. Such endeavors must be nurtured and preserved for future generations of Southerners.
•	Southerners are a people bound closely to the land. It is more than just a resource for production: it is who we are. It defines both our character and worldview.
•	Southerners have respect for human life, in all its stages, as a gift from God. Life should be preserved, nurtured, and protected.
II.	Social Independence
The League of the South asserts that Southern society is radically different
1
Southern Patriot
from the society impressed upon it by an alien occupier. American society today is egalitarian and Marxist and is devoid of any grace or charm. In contrast, we believe in a Southern society that
•	Upholds the ontological or spiritual equality of all men before God and the bar of justice, while recognizing and rejoicing in the fact that it has neither been the will of God Almighty nor within the power of human legislation to make any two men mechanically equal.
•	Is structured upon the Biblical notion of hierarchy and recognition of the natural societal order of superiors and subordinates where Christian charity (as found in the second Table of the Law) toward our neighbors produces harmony and stability. Christ is the head of His Church; husbands are the heads of their families; parents are placed over their children; employers rank above their employees; the teacher is superior to his students, etc.
•	Recognizes and promotes the sanctity of Christian marriage as an image of the relationship between Christ and His Church; understands that loving and stable families are the backbone of society; stigmatizes perversity and all that seeks to undermine marriage
•	Teaches and practices good manners and the famed “Southern hospitality,” which are outward manifestations of the recognition that our fellow men are made in the image of God and should be treated according to God’s law.
•	Perpetuates the chivalric ideal of manhood—respect for, and protection of, our women, and the development
of the virtues of honesty, courage, honour, and humility.
•	Values and sustains true freedom of association for individuals, families, organizations, and other human institutions.
•	Believes in the rule of law and the wise, benevolent, and righteous application of justice by ecclesiastical and civil authorities.
III.	Economic Independence
It is The League of the South’s assertion that the system of fiat currency, fractional reserve banking, unfair trade agreements, outsourcing of jobs, and confiscatory taxation imposed by the American Empire have reduced considerably the Southern people’s standard of living. We believe in an economic and financial system that
•	Has a monetary system where the currency is fully backed by gold and silver bullion.
•	Abolishes all forms of the “income tax” on individuals and families
•	Has no central banking system
•	Abolishes all taxes on real property, both during the life of the owner and at his death, and establishes alloidal title to land as the only recognized form of ownership.
•	Levies indirect taxation (for example, sales and use taxes, tolls, etc.) as a reasonable and necessary means for the support of government functions.
•	Enforces a “full disclosure” policy against banks that practice fractional reserve banking.
(continued on p. 3)
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
P.O. Box 760 Killen, AL 35645 tel: (800) 888-3163 e-mail: JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Sara Hill Submissions must be in Microsoft Word or text file and e-mailed to JMichHill@cs.com.
Mail typewritten submissions to above PO Box.
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Rey. Eugene Case Jack Kershaw, J.D. Franklin Sanders Mark Thomey R. GordonThornton Michael Tuggle
'»'■ 2004 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints give full credit to the League of the South, supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author's name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthoo-raphy and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us In advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To Insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
3
(LS Core Beliefs, cont 'd from page 2)
•	Sets reasonable legal limits on usury, discourages personal debt, and encourages personal savings.
•	Establishes equitable and just trade agreements with foreign nations.
•	Keeps regulation of business and commerce to a reasonable limit.
IV.	Political Independence
The South’s political ideals and principles are rooted in the Jeffersonian tradition as expressed in the Declaration of Independence. Namely, that our unalienable rights are a gift from God, not privileges that are granted or denied by any governmental authority; that a tmly free people has the right and power to determine its own form of government; that governmental power should reside as close to the people as possible and that competing governmental bodies should have meaningful checks on one another’s use of power.
Another certainty is that the American Empire that now occupies the South believes in none of the aforementioned ideals and principles. To be truly free and self-governing, the South must throw off the yoke of imperial oppression. Therefore, The League of the South advocates the secession and subsequent independence of the Southern States from this forced union and the formation of a Southern republic. We envision a free Southern republic that
•	Is a true constitutional confederation of sovereign, independent States that separately order and control their own
internal affairs while working in unity with their sister States to conduct foreign affairs.
•	Recognizes State representation in the legislature of the confederated States.
•	Acknowledges that the individual States have constitutional rights of nullification, interposition, and secession.
•	Practices a foreign policy of armed and vigilant neutrality (i.e. commerce and friendship with all, entangling alliances with none).
•	Maintains secure borders and strictly limits immigration.
•	Revives the use of State Militias in place of maintaining large, standing armies.
•	Does not infringe upon the individual or collective right to purchase and own firearms of any type suitable for self-defense
| Restricts the right to vote solely to those who are recognized as citizens of one of the member States of the confederation.
This Core Beliefs Statement is not meant to be a thorough discussion of The League of the South’s vision for an independent Southern republic. For a more in-depth treatment of these and other issues, see The Grey Book: Blueprint For Southern Independence (2004). Order form is on inside front cover.
Merry Christmas to all of you from our sweet home in the Heart of Dixie!
Michael Hill Killen, Alabama
Annual Conference Wrap-Up
The 11th Annual League of the South Conference was held in Montgomery, Alabama, October 22-23, 2004. We especially wish to thank the following people: our emcee, Alex Cheek; our excellent speakers, our entertainers, Deborah Brinson, Jeremiah Brinson, Nat Rudulph & Larry Smith (Basic Gray); Abby Schoolfield, our volunteer at the registration table; our vendors; and all those who contributed in one way or another to the success of the conference. Recordings of the proceedings are currently in production and will be offered for sale as soon as completed.
The South Carolina League of the South provided one of the highlights of the conference. State Chairman Jim Layden and Robert Hayes took the initiative and procured a permit to demonstrate outside the Southern Poverty Law Center, where about 50 League protesters carried signs and flags. The Montgomery Advertiser covered the event in the Saturday edition of the newspaper with an article entitled, “SPLC Called Hate Group."
Another highlight of the conference was the speech by Constitution Party Presidential Nominee, Michael Peroutka.
Raffle winners were as follows: Susan Sanders of Dogwood Mudhole, Tennessee, won the butter chum, which was made and donated by Clint Alderman of Georgia; and Dean Hoekstra of Columbus, Mississippi,
(continued on p. 4)
4
Blue State Secession
by Michael Hill Killen, Alabama
Since the 2 November election, some “blue state” denizens have begun bandying about the idea of secession rather than face another four years under George II. From New York to California, their rants have been in newspaper columns, on the lips of liberal pundits, on websites and on-line petitions. All we in the League of the South can say is, “Do you need any help packing?”
I find it oddly amusing that the same people who never tire of lambasting the South about secession now wish to exercise for themselves that oldest of American political traditions. I suppose it is a question, as my grandfather used to say, of whose ox is being gored. They damn the South for seceding in 1860-61 to “protect slavery,” but ever pristine and pure themselves, never would withdraw to protect their “right” to kill babies in the womb or to sodomize each other under cover of same-sex “marriage.”
I say, let them go. It won't take them long to make a complete mess of things, but even if they don't, we acknowledge their right to live as they please, answerable only to their Creator and whomever they establish as governors. It would be too much, however, after many years of experience to the contrary, to expect them to leave us alone.
I'm sure there's much about the South they will not miss. But there are some things they surely will. For starters.
there are those pristine white, sandy beaches along the Gulf of Mexico, and our timber, oil, and natural gas. And who will fight their wars? Mostly, I expect they would miss having us to blame for all their problems. A “blue state” Yankee might not survive without his moral inferiors to instruct and bend to his own superior ways.
But let's have an amicable divorce. As I wrote in 2000, it's time for Madonna and Merle to split. Then we “red state” rednecks can deal with our remaining major problem—the GOP. It’s way past time for Reconstruction to end and for the Republicans to get the heck out of Dixie.
National Recruitment & Retention Director Named v
Mr Robert Watson of Forsyth, Georgia, has accepted the position of National Director of Membership Recruitment & Retention. By the start of the new year, we would like for each LS state chapter to appoint a State Director for Recruitment & Retention to work with Robert in this important facet of our continued development. Mr Watson can be reached by phone at (478) 994-8981 or by e-mail at smarcorp@mylink.net.
Virginia State Meeting DVDs Available
The Virginia state meeting, held in Lexington, September 25, is now available on a two-disk DVD set. The set sells for $28 postpaid. To order, contact Virginia State Chairman, Randy Jamison at ssbelles@ntelos.net; (276) 326-6728; or by mail at Rt 1, Box 459, Bluefield, VA 24605.
(Conference Wrap-Up, cont'd from p. 3)
won the Traditions pistol replica, donated by Gregory Hanson of Minnesota.
League award winners were as follows. The Robert E. Lee Award for Duty recipients were: Jack Grubb, Thomaston, Georgia; Thomas Ingram, Cedartown, Georgia; Steve Kimball, Columbia, South Carolina; Clint Lacy, Marble Hill, Missouri, Robert Lloyd, Fort Myers, Florida; Mac McCoy, Walhalla, South Carolina; Dana McKeown, Greenville, Alabama; Tom Moore, Alexandria, Virginia; Robert Salyer, Alexandria, Virginia; and Jim Schoolfield, Macon, Georgia.
The recipients of The Forrest “First With the Most” Award were: Jeremy Andress, Milton, Florida; Robert Hayes, Abbeville, South Carolina; Ray McBerry, McDonough, Georgia; Daniel New, Iredell, Texas; and Mike Whorton, Wetumpka, Alabama.
The Stonewall Jackson State Chairman Award for 2004 went to James Layden of Bamberg, South Carolina.
Finally, The Jefferson Davis Lifetime Achievement Award went to James Everett Kibler, Jr.
Our congratulations and thanks to all of you!
E-Mail Saves Us Postage!
Please send us your e-mail address so that we can send you routine notices and updates on League news and activities. It saves us money on postage and materials, and is quicker and more efficient.
Around the League...
Florida
Florida activities, check out the website: www.freeflorida.org.
The first meeting of the Florida Grey Book & Constitution Convention was held in Maitland, Florida (Orlando area), November 6. A series of meetings will be held over the coming 6-12 months, and all Florida members are encouraged to participate.
Panhandle Chapter Meetings: Second Saturday of each month at 1 p.m. in Milton; Red Bam Restaurant, 5887 Hwy 90. For more info, call Connie Ward, 850 457-7678.
Northeast Chapter Meetings: Second Wednesday of each month at 6:30 p.m. in Jacksonville; Balis Community Center, located in the San Marco Library building, 1513 LaSalle St., corner of Hendricks Ave. on Jacksonville's Southside. For more info, call Steve Walker, 904 388-6983.
Ocklawaha Chapter Meetings: Third Friday of each month, at 7 p.m. in Belleview; Cherokee Park at 5641 SE 113th Place. For more info, call Profulla Singh, 352 245-4370.
Missouri
The Missouri League of the South has developed a flyer to educate the pub-"\/\ic about the history and usage of the Confederate battle flag. The flyer fits on one page and can be printed from their website: www.missouricsa.com/ flyer.
South Carolina
In November the SC League finalised the purchase of its second cultural ^dentre/store, located in Cayce, just outside Columbia. The grand opening of the Cayce facility is slated for December. Contact Robert Hayes for further information: freesc@wctel.net.
Tennessee
New chapters are forming in the following cities: Bristol, Johnson City, Kingsport, Murfreesboro, Paris, Vand La wrenceburg. For information, contact state chairman Franklin Sanders: moneychanger@direcway.com.
Texas
Central Chapter Meetings: Third Thursday of each month, with rotating locations throughout Central Florida. For more info, call Julie Ward, 407 399-1410.
Southwest Chapter Meetings: Third Saturday of each month, at 10 a.m. in E| Myers; Olga Community Center on South Olga Drive. For more info,, call Robert Lloyd, 239 936-6446. H
If you are interested in attending chapter meetings in Tampa or Miami, please contact Chairman Jeremy Andress, 850 626-3573. For info on
The Austin Chapter meets on the first Thursday of each month at 6:30 p.m. atfhe Millwood branch of the Austin Public Library, 12500 Amherst Drive. Contact alpheus_hall@juno.com for more information.
Home OfTice-Killen
We are still accepting donations to purchase new computers in 2005 for the League office. Please make checks payable to The League of the South, and designate for the computer fund.
♦ ♦♦
Even Our Birds?
A Winter Language Lesson
by James Everett Kibler Whitmire, South Carolina
Our common songbird, the red bird (Cardinalis cardinalis) that lights up our winter days with its brilliant scarlet colour and happy chirp of “What cheer! What cheer!” is officially called the northern red or northern cardinal in all the bird guides I've seen recently. It will probably be a revelation to most of us that this hasn't always been so. This naming has only come about in the twentieth century, as the appeal of one of the most beautiful birds of the world has spread.
Indeed, who wouldn’t want to lay claim to the red bird as a native production, an ornament of a fair and luxuriant land! It was certainly nothing short of a shock to me to learn that the so-called northern red bird never was seen in the North before the twentieth century. If you saw a red bird anywhere in America before the mid- 1800s, it would have been only in the South, and the name would have simply been “red bird.”
The red bird did not start moving into the mid-west until the mid-1800s and only began expanding into the North in the early 1900s. In some areas of the North, it did not become common until as late as 1970!
Expert naturalists say that this expansion into the North came as the result of backyard birdfeeders that could provide the additional food needed to last out the winter there. Red birds prefer the cracked com and black-oil sun-
(continued on p. 6)
Cultural & Educational Opportunities
LS Writing Contest
With the deadline for submissions approaching, we have had no entries in The League of the South’s first ever
board, and tuition to the 2005 Summer LS Institute (see left) and publication of the winning entry in the Southern Patriot.
Entries will be accepted from students, ages 15-25, and may be in any genre (poetry, essay, fiction, etc.), but must have a Southern theme. Entries may not exceed 10 double-spaced, typed pages. Winner will be determined by a three-judge panel. Entrants’ ages will be considered, so that younger students will have a fair chance of winning.
Entries should be e-mailed in Microsoft Word or text to JMichHill@cs.com, no later than December 31, 2004. Please use the subject line, ‘LS Writing Contest.’
Mailed entries should be submitted IN TRIPLICATE and postmarked no later than December 31, 2004, to: LS Writing Contest, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645.	^
Please include your name, mailing address, age, and a telephone number and/or e-mail address where you can be contacted.
The winner will be announced in the
March-April issue of The Southern Patriot and on DixieNet.The decision of the judges shall be final.
2005 Summer LS Institute South Carolina
We are pleased to announce that the
^ at Camp St. Christopher, near Charleston, South Carolina. The Institute will be held Monday-Friday, July 11-15, 2005. Camp St. Christopher is located on one of Charleston’s beautiful barrier islands, right on the beach.
Classes will be taught by Mark Winchell and some of the founding fathers of the League: James Kibler, Tom Fleming, and David Aiken, who will conduct a special mini-course, ‘Charleston: Symbol of the South.’ In addition to learning together, we will also have time to enjoy the beach and to explore historic Charleston. We hope to have a special presentation and viewing of the Hunley as well.
Register early; space is limited to thirty (30) students, ages 15 and above. Fees are as follows: double-occupancy room, board (three meals per day), and tuition is $595 per person; single-occupancy room, board, & tuition is $995 per person. Fees are non-refund-able after April 30, 2005.
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot'. $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call or e-mail .for for availability. (800) 888-3163 or JMichHill@cs.com.
(Even Our Birds?, cont "d from p. 5)
flower seed of most packaged bird food mixes. In the North, red birds don’t exist beyond the feeders.
But a northern red bird indeed! Our beautiful red bird is a native of the South and has only become a recent transplant elsewhere. Of course, we Southerners are only glad to share. The grey cold world desperately needs that bright colour and happy notes of our red bird’s “What cheer!”
Still, I deem it mighty presumptious to preempt the name, and lay claim to the bird as if it started out there. But this seems to be a pattern in our giant empire. Anything good out of the South becomes American. Anything else is just Southern.
So our language lesson for this time is red bird or cardinal. No northern red bird for us. No matter where she roams and what cold and inhospitable grey climate she can endure, this resilient bird will always be a true Southerner, a happy native of the sunny South. Like the South herself, she can be tough to endure and remain cheerful and beautiful too—and thus a perfect emblem of Dixieland.
For symbol, give me the gentle Southern red bird instead of the belligerent eagle any day. The Magnolia grandi-flora, deemed North America’s greatest gift to the botanical world, and the Southern red bird, then, are good and fitting emblems of our South. No place on earth can lay claim to finer native creations than these.
writing contest. What this means is that
the odds are in your favour if you will / 2005 LS Summer Institute will be back enter soon. First prize is free room,
7
How God Saved the Irish
by James Butler Huntsville, Alabama
It seems now that Europeans were bom to be the heralds of Christianity. But a Roman living in 4S0, the empire disintegrating around him, would have despaired as to whether Christianity, indeed, civilisation itself, could survive at all.
Early in the fifth century, uncontrolled immigration from the barbarian north became full scale invasion. In 410 the Goths sacked Rome. This event accelerated the fall of the 1100 year old re-public-tumed-empire.
The withdrawal of Roman forces from Britain had a providential effect. The Celts of Ireland-enthusiastic slavers-took advantage of the power vacuum to expand their trade. Around 401, they kidnapped a Romanised, Christianised Briton boy by the name of Patricius, or Patrick. He would serve for six years as a slave-shepherd for an Irish chieftain.
Thomas Cahill, in How the Irish Saved Civilization, notes that 401 was the same year that Augustine of Carthage,
a Roman bishop and future pillar of medieval Christian orthodoxy, published his Confessions. The Confessions reveal Augustine’s state of mind prior to becoming a Christian: “within me was famine... my soul floundered in the void.”
Augustine’s conversion rescued him from his emptiness, but as he lay dying the Vandals hammered away at the walls of Carthage. Far to the west, the Irish were not too concerned with the plight of the empire. But these “barbarians” did have one thing in common with Augustine, though perhaps they did not know it—a longing for salvation.
Cahill vividly describes the pagan Irish: fiercely energetic, poetical, musical, war-like, death-defying. The adventures of their cattle-rustling warrior-heroes take on epic proportions. Strong women command chieftains to undertake fantastic trials. Their crude quests are made all the more ominous by the ugly “trickster gods” who lurk at every tum.
Needless to say, as Cahill points out, pagan Irish culture was not conducive to social stability, much less “personal
peace.” Beneath all the bluster, the Irish felt a void. Ancient Irish tales reveal a “pagan darkness,” a “quaking fear” lurking just under the surface. “A terrifying instability haunts virtually every sentence of the ancient literature.”
The condition of the Irish reflects Augustine’s crisis. Living within the empire, disintegrating though it was, Augustine had the help of Roman society and the church. Who would save the Irish?
Patrick did a lot of praying on the cold, lonely Irish hillsides. Inspired by a vision from God, he escaped. But apparently God, and Ireland, had worked some magic on Patrick’s soul. After returning to his native Britain, Patrick experienced another vision—one that called him back to minister to the people of Ireland. And return he did, according to Cahill, as “virtually the first missionary-bishop in history.”
Patrick loved the Irish and they loved him. With Patrick’s ministry, the light of Christ filled the Irish soul like the sun pouring into a cavern. The Irish greatly reduced their warring; they ended the slave trade; they formed
New members can join the League and current members can renew conveniently by credit card on the LS website, Dixienet (w w w.dixienet. org). Follow the online instructions.
To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the Southern Patriot, renew before your expiration date, which is the date
listed on the first line of the address label on this newsletter. Renew online or by mail at address below. No application form is necessary.
To Non-Members Receiving Introductory Copies of the Southern Patriot: The League of the South invites you to join with us in our stated purpose: ‘We seek to ad-
vance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.* To continue receiving this newsletter beyond the expiration date listed on your address label, join us online or request an application from: The League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645.
November - December 2004
vol. 11 • no. 6
I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day
I heard the bells on Christmas day Their old familiar carols play And mild and sweet the words repeat Of peace on earth, good will to men.
I thought how as the day had come. The bellfries of all Christendom Had roll'd along th' unbroken song Of peace on earth, good will to men.
And in despair I bow'd my head: "There is no peace on earth," I said.
"For hate is strong, and mocks the song Of peace on earth, good will to men"
Then pealed the bells more loud and deep: "God is not dead, nor does He sleep; The wrong shall fail, the right prevail. With peace on earth, good will to men."
Til ringing, singing on its way.
The world revolved from night to day,
A voice, a chime, a chant sublime.
Of peace on earth, good will to men!
Merry Christmas, y'all!
their own churches monasteries. And, with all their creative energy, they became the foremost scholars of Europe.
The Irish made the most of every book they could get their hands on, including the flood of resources that came to Ireland with refugees from the fallen empire. Through their inspired efforts, the Irish re-created the burned-out libraries of the former empire, copying virtually “all of western literature” according to Cahill.
Irish scribes “served as conduits through which the Greco-Roman and Judeo-Christian cultures were transmitted [back to barbarian] Europe— Irish monks single handedly refounded European civilization.”
Irish missionaries, “warrior monks,” ventured forth to Christianise central Europe—from Paris to Vienna, from Ghent to Bern to Milan, as far east as Kiev. They revived learning and gave new life to the church even at
Rome herself.
Cahill notes that Patrick's understanding of Christianity embraced the “natural mysticism of the Irish,” and an Irish-like “sensuous reveling in the splendors of the created world.” Cahill relates that Irish women served as abbesses and priests, heard confessions, ordained clergy, and may even have celebrated mass. Irish prelates winked at surviving pagan festivals. The church Patrick nurtured is sometimes referred to as the Celtic church.
All this does strikes us as being quite doctrinal. But early Irish Christianity flourished without strong controls from the Roman church, then headquartered a world away at Constantinople.
It’s also interesting to note, as Cahill says, that “Ireland is unique in religious history for being the only land into which Christianity was introduced without bloodshed.” Things would no
doubt have been different if Christ’s emissary had come in the form of an aloof, heresy-sniffing bishop, backed by a land-hungry lord.
Patrick died in 461. Irish missionaries began their travels onto the continent about 100 years later. The year 620 saw the rise of Islam. As Cahill asks, what would have been the fate of Europe, once Islam began its expansion, if the Irish had not turned a scattered, pagan, tribal Europe into a land united by the church?
Patrick may not have foreseen medieval doctrine, which, like Augustine, would not have approved of his approach. But it is one of the great ironies of history that, without Patrick, there probably would have been no medieval church, and perhaps no Europe. Such is God’s amazing Providence.
♦ ♦♦
November - December 2004
vol. 11 • no. 6
SOUTHERN PRIDE FABRICATIONS
Specializing in Replicated (Sewn) Confederate flags
+ + + 10 YEARS EXPERIENCE + + + Bonnie Blue, First, Second, Third National, Naval, Battleflag, etc. available Printed Cotton, Nylon and Polyester available Pillows, Books, Lapel Pins and other items available
To order, call or write:
SOUTHERN PRIDE FABRICATIONS P0 Box 200154 Cartersville, GA 30120 Home: 770-383-8908 THE VETERANS WOULD BE PROUD!
ALL SEWN FLAGS MADE
HERE IN THE HOUSE, NOT CHINA!
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH PRESIDENTIAL SALARY FUND
Here’s my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full-time League of the South President. Enclosed is
$___________,	a	one-time	donation,	((cheque/money order)
OR I pledge S___________per	(month/year).
_____Yes, I want to join The Circle of Saint Andrew, so I am
pledging a total of $600 per year or more.
Name
Address_______________________________________________
City___________________ State_____________Zip_________
Telephone (_____________)______________________
Make cheque or money order payable to The League of the South and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this form to: The League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. We will then send you a personalised ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping . Donations to the League of the South President’s Fund are not tax deductible.
__________________________________________________________J