•4
March - April 1995 veil- 2 • no. 2
the southern league
Pom OH ice Box 40910 Tuscaloosa. Al. 35404-091 (I
“We invoice the blessings of Providence on a just cause"
Jefferson Davis
R
resident’s message.
Dr. Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
*
LONG LIVE WESTERN MAN
My friend and veteran of Southern struggles, Jack Kershaw, and I arrived a little before noon at the designated assembly point in Goodlettsville, Tennessee. It was Saturday, 4 March 1995, Confederate Flag Day. The sky was late-winter blue, and against it, from the throng that had already gathered in the shopping center parking lot, a sea of Confederate battle flags swelled. It looked every bit like an invading army. But the atmosphere was festive, like a family reunion long delayed, with strains of the repressed “Dixie” and other Southern songs bursting joyously public again. We had come to honor the memory of innocent dead. But, as with most funerals, significant things occur among the kith and kin. We go to bury our dead and we come away ourselves resurrected because of a renewed strength in our sense of place within the family. So too, at the rally and graveside service in memory of Michael David Westerman, allegedly murdered in January by two carloads of black males who objected to his flying the Confederate battle flag from his truck.
At least 500 cars initially formed the motorcade which headed north up 1-65 for a short way and then onto Highway 41 toward Guthrie, Kentucky. Once arrived in Westerman’s hometown of 2,000, whole families saluted us from their front yards, and teenagers waved excitedly from the hoods of cars in gas station parking lots. The flag was everywhere—and was especially poignant in the hands of little children. Clouds had rolled in from the west. Jack remarked on the propitiousness of the slain’s name: the fate of “Westerman” might yet be the fate of “Western Man” should Southerners be stripped further of their history and symbols. We made our way to the gravesite where Michael Westerman’s survivors waited: his young widow, his infant twins, each held by a grandparent. A brisk north wind rippled hundreds of banners held by the callused hands of God-fearing, law-abiding, working people. Reverend Dan Morse of Germantown, Tennessee, called for calm and Christian charity toward our antagonists while the justice system did its job. Someone remarked that the Justice Department intended to bring civil rights charges against the alleged assailants. Someone else shot back, “It’ll be a cold day in hell when they admit that Southerners have civil rights.”
We paid our respects to the Westerman family and friends, re-formed the motorcade, and wound our way up Highway 104 to Elkton, the home of Todd County-High School, Westerman’s alma mater. Its sports teams are The Rebels and their symbol, the Confederate battle flag. Todd County is the birthplace of Jefferson Davis. The Kentucky NAACP has been agitating against the flag here since autumn 1993.

Our caravan had swelled to nearly 1,000 vehicles by the time it reached Jefferson Davis Park. As the multitude left their cars and filed in, a musical group was performing Dwight Yoakam’s “I Sang Dixie.” Many people cried openly. Others gave Rebel yells that echoed eerily around in the park and fell silent at the foot of the massive obelisk that is the Davis monument. When Brenda Arms, Wes term an’s aunt, came to the microphone, all was hushed, and she spoke lovingly of her nephew’s childhood and early manhood so abruptly and brutally ended a few weeks earlier. Other speakers followed, representing the Tennessee Division of The Sons of Confederate Veterans, Council of Conservative Citizens, The Heritage Preservation Association, and the journal, American Renaissance. I spoke on behalf of The Southern League; when I mentioned secession, a great cheer went up from the crowd. In all it was a
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the Southern League
P.O. Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
tel. (205)553-0153 fax. (205)553-2155
president:	Michael	Hill
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Thomas Fleming	J. Steven Wilkins
Grady McWhiney	Clyde N. Wilson
good day for Southern nationalism. The veterans among us almost to a man shook their heads, smiled, and said that they had never seen anything quite like this before.
I have no doubt that the people who participated in the motorcade and memorial service went away inspired and more certain than ever that they indeed still belong to an extended family called The South. They will continue to fly the flag and own guns, even though thugs in their midst seek to deprive them of both rights, while liberal intellectuals in defense of thugs will justify “black rage”—as if any color rage that manifests itself as murder is acceptable.The Establishment will continue to pass “crime bills,” while Crips and Bloods will freely spread mayhem. White Southerners will get more of what Otto Scott calls “retroactive punishment,” with the pretext being the rectification of perceived past injustices. I am reminded of Mick Jagger’s “Sympathy for the Devil:” “When every cop is a criminal and all the sinners saints...”
Our future as Southerners is threatened. Motorcades are voluntary, and so is allegiance to The South; we wouldn’t want it any other way. But, if we, as the remnant of Western Man, are to survive to enjoy our voluntary associations, we must temporarily rigidity them, close ranks, and require of ourselves service to the cause of Southern independence.
The Southern League plans a Jefferson Davis Birthday celebration on Saturday, June 3, in Nashville’s Centennial
Park as part of our 1995 national meeting (see details on enclosed flyer). Bring your flags. Similar outdoor rallies are planned in Auburn, Alabama; Monroe, Louisiana; and Houston, Texas. I encourage you to contact the national office if you are interested in planning and arranging such an event in your area.
Outdoor rallies to which the public is invited may be our best recruiting opportunities because people come to realize, perhaps for the first time, that they are not and need not be isolated. We must recreate the successes of the Lega Nord (Northern League) in Italy, which stages huge rallies periodically at the abbey of Pontida, infusing its supporters with healthy doses of Lombard nationalism. The Southern League should aim to sponsor several such rallies each year at historical places, at Sherman’s stops in Georgia or the Carolinas, for example.
While we moum the loss of Michael Westerman, we also rejoice. The memorial service in his honor has shown us that Southern nationalism is indeed alive, and with it lives the “last, best hope” for Western Man.
From our members...
THE GLOBAL RISE OF ETHNIC NATIONALISM
contributed by Franklin Sanders Eads, Tennessee
No modem nation so perfectly embodies homogenized modernist culture than Japan. But is the monolith cracking? In an October 1994 interview, Nobel Laureate Kenzaburo Oe, one of Japan’s leading writers, painted an astonishingly different picture. “The Japanese, from the prime minister on down, claim that being a single race and culture strengthens the nation. That is not at all my feeling. There are various cultures in different regions, and each region has its own culture.”
Toting up secessionist movements today, you quickly lose count: Basques, Bretons, Scots, Quebefois, Welshmen all clamor for independence or home rule. Even Schwabs and Bayers aren’t too enthusiastic about Greater Germany. Ethnic realities have already dismembered World War I gerrymanders like Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia, and the Great Eater of Nationalities, the USSR, has vomited up its captive nations. Northern Californians suspect they’d be better off rid of Los Angeles, while Idaho and Montana know they’d rather be free.
We are witnessing a historic change of secular trend from centralization to decentralization, from “inclusion” to “exclusion.” For two centuries and more the trend of social events has been
concentrating power, but now that trend is reversing. Power is flowing away from centers (such as federal states) to regions and localities, from governments to individuals. While inclusionist events like NAFTA steal headlines, they are only paroxysms of the dying trend which point to the cycle’s top, not its continuation.
Who has noticed the trend change? Analysts from all disciplines. Social observers and market technicians Robert Prechter and Dave Allman of Elliott Wave International, for example. Military strategist Martin van Creveld in his Transformation of War (New York: The Free Press, 1991). Journalist Robert D. Kaplan in “The Coming Anarchy” (Atlantic Monthly, 2/94). Philosopher and social critic Ed Veith in Postmodern Times (Wheaton, Illinois: Crossway Books, 1994). And of course, the American Establishment whose seat of power has already been rattled by the changing trend.
For Southern patriots, the outlook couldn’t offer more hope.
In Postmodern Times Dr. Veith sets the backdrop for these changes.
In nearly every sphere, from academic fields to new social phenomena, the assumptions that shaped 20th century thought and culture are being exploded. As we enter the 21st century, it seems clear that Western culture is entering a new phase, which scholars are calling “postmodern.”
Postmodernism both levels cultures and exaggerates the
differences between them. Postmodernism fragments society into contending and mutually unintelligible cultures and subcultures. Even within a single society, people are segmenting into self-contained communities and contending interest groups. Christianity itself is ghettoized. From Bosnia to American universities, we see the emeigence of a new tribalism.
What is producing this fragmentation? In part centralization’s excess of success, in part technology, and in part the failure of old ideologies. IBM became just too big to manage, like the U.S. government. The computer revolution has decentralized decision making and work stations and exploded data access.
The demise of Communism has •robbed its artificial dialectical opponent, the anti-Communist West (a.k.a. “capitalism”- or “democracy”), of all reason to live. For over 40 years the old formula of “closing the ranks before the Red threat” silenced the voices of diversity and dissent, but no longer. Today ideological identity has wilted while ethnic identity (always as deeply rooted as life itself) has blossomed. In a world where all the religion-substitutes (from anti-Communism to Shirley MacLaine-ism) have demonstrated irredeemable failure, ethnic identities return to religion to draw their strength.
Robert D. Kaplan took a trip to West Africa to watch fragmentation in
action. The picture he paints in the February ’94 Atlantic Monthly isn’t rosy:
West Africa is becoming the symbol of worldwide demographic, environmental, and societal stress, in which criminal anarchy emerges as the real “strategic” danger. Disease, overpopulation, unprovoked crime, scarcity of resources, refugee migrations, the increasing erosion of nation-states and international borders, and the empowerment of private armies, security firms, and international drug cartels are now most tellingly demonstrated through a West African prism.
A premodem formlessness governs the battlefield, evoking the wars in medieval Europe prior to the 1648 Peace of Westphalia, which ushered in the era of organized nation states.
Kaplan foresees that refugees and peasants crowding into cities will rob national borders of their meaning and shift power toward “less educated, less sophisticated groups” who know only one border: “culture and tribe.” Refugees will bring cultural disputes to weaken the U.S. and Europe. Altogether disregarding present national borders, these population shifts will remake the identities of civilizations after the image of religion and ethnicity. Bristling with gloomy adjectives, Kaplan denounces the future:
The political and cartographic implications of postmodernism will be an epoch of themeless
juxtapositions in which the clas-sificatory grid of nation-states is going to be replaced by a jagged-glass pattern of city-states, shanty-states, nebulous and anarchic regionalisms.
Ethnic identification, Kaplan predicts, will form the most cohesive social force in the immediate future. How will these trends affect the U.S.?
Many factors will make the U.S. less of a nation than it is today, even as it gains territory following the peaceful dissolution of Canada. Quebec, based on the bedrock of Roman Catholicism and Francophone ethnicity, could yet turn out to be North America’s most cohesive and crime-free nation-state. (It may be a smaller Quebec, though, since aboriginal peoples may lop off northern parts of the province.) “Patriotism” will become increasingly regional as people in Alberta and Montana discover that they have far more in common with each other than they do with Ottawa or Washington, and Spanish-speakers in the Southwest discover a greater commonality with Mexico City.
As Washington’s influence wanes, and with it the traditional symbols of American patriotism, North Americans will take psychological refuge in their insulated communities and cultures [emphasis added].
Military historian Martin van Creveld teaches history at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. In The Transformation of War he predicts the end of war
as we have known it. His thesis is simple. Technology has made war waged by nation states so costly that conventional warfare is now obsolete. The massive technospasm that pulverized Iraq may be the dinosaur’s last lunge. Conventional military organization offers no protection against the terrorist army that strikes and then melts into the populace, leaving no target for technology. The U.S. looked great in Kuwait, but a bit ragged in Mogadishu. The same military machine that incinerated Iraqis by the thousands lurched helplessly from side to side when facing hit-and-run Somalis in “technicals,” pick-up trucks with machine guns welded to their beds.
The wars of the future will be “low-intensity conflicts” (LICs). In developed countries LICs may be called “terrorism” or “police work.” They rarely involve regular armies on both sides, but usually regulars on one side and guerrillas—including civilians, women, and children—on the other. Most of all, LICs do not rely on high-technology collective weaponry, “the pride and joy of any modern armed force.”
The trend toward decentralization has not escaped notice of the American Establishment. In the Council on Foreign Relations’ influential policy journal. Foreign Affairs, various articles in recent years have addressed international fragmentation. As the old ideologies crumble, ethnicity and irredentism threaten Establishment control. Meanwhile the Insiders have been considering the best ways to hijack the trend and preserve their power.
VOL. 2 • NO. 2
“The Clash of Civilizations?” (Summer ’93 Foreign Affairs) claims, “The clash of civilizations [i.e. culture] will dominate global politics. The fault lines between civilizations will be the battle lines of the future.” The author of this piece, Samuel P. Huntington, is Eaton Professor of the Science of Government and Director of the John M. Olin Institute for Strategic Studies at Harvard. Huntington writes:
World politics is entering a new phase, and intellectuals have not hesitated to proliferate visions of what it will be—the end of history, the return of traditional rivalries between nation states, and the decline of the nation state from the conflicting pulls of tribalism and globalism, among others. Each of these visions catches aspects of the emerging reality. Yet they all miss a crucial, indeed a central, aspect of what global politics is likely to be in the coming years.
The fundamental source of conflict in this new world will not be primarily ideological or primarily economic. The great divisions among humankind and the dominating source of conflict will be cultural [emphasis added].
According to Huntington, the clash of civilizations is the latest phase in conflict’s evolution. From the Peace of Westphalia until the French Revolution, Western conflicts arose largely among princes trying to expand power and territory. From the French Revolution until the end of World War I, nations fought rather than princes.
From World War I until the Cold War’s end came the wars of ideology with their transnational superpowers. As international conflict moves out of its Western phase, civilizations will face off, the West against the non-West and non-Westem civilizations against each other.
What interests us here is not Huntington’s shifting the focus from West to non-West, but from ideological and political goals to cultural clashes. He defines a civilization as “the highest cultural grouping of people and [their] broadest level of cultural identity... short of that which distinguishes humans from other species.” Both objective elements (language, history, religion, customs) and the people’s subjective self-identification define civilizations.
These differences [among civilizations] are the product of centuries. They will not soon disappear. They are far more fundamental than differences among political ideologies and political regimes. Religion reinforces the revival of ethnic identities.
What will this mean for multicultural empires?
In the future, as people differentiate themselves by civilization, countries with large numbers of peoples of different civilizations, such as the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, are candidates for dismemberment. Some other countries have a fair degree of cultural homogeneity but are divided over whether
13
their society belongs to one civilization or another.
While Huntington focuses his eyes on non-Western countries, he misses what’s right under his nose in the West. The same centrifugal cultural forces that drive Renzaburo Oe away from Tokyo and Armenians away from Moscow drive Southerners away from New York, Washington, and Hollywood. As the U.S. government and Yankee culture has become more and more selfconsciously pagan, their assault on the South’s Christianity and identity has sharpened. This only reinforces our other cultural differences: “history, language, culture, tradition, different views on the relations between God and man, the individual and the group, the citizen and the state, parents and children, husband and wife, as well as differing views of the relative importance of rights and responsibilities, liberty and authority, equality and hierarchy... the product of centuries” in Huntington’s words.
Over 125 years of Reconstruction have failed to erase Southern identity. Day by day kindred national feelings grow around the globe, reflecting a secular trend to decentralization and fragmentation that likely will continue for centuries. Whether this will enable the South to make a better bargain for autonomy within a U.S. framework, or enable us to form our own nation, is a tactical question yet to be answered. What is clear, however, is that this time, the trend is our friend.
OVERCOMING THE “SOUR GRAPES’* VERSION OF SOUTHERN HISTORY
contributed by John P. George Crawfordville, Georgia
Since Appomattox the South has had the burden of overcoming what can be called the “sour grapes” version of Southern history. The sour grapes fable of Aesop revolved around the fox who tried and tried to get some grapes that were hanging high up on a vine. After many futile attempts to get the grapes, the fox walked away in bitter frustration saying “I didn’t really want those grapes anyway; they were probably sour.” Likewise after a crushing defeat and humiliating military occupation by the Yankees, Southerners began to convince themselves that, in effect, “It was beSt we lost the War” and “We really didn’t want to leave the Union and gain our independence.” Southern nation-, alism, which had been overtly manifest and growing since the 1820s, became largely covert after 1865.
Despite some overt manifestations of Southern nationalism after the Redeemers gained control of the state-houses—veneration for the Lost Cause, statues of Confederate soldiers (usually facing north) in honor of the fallen, celebration of Confederate Memorial Day and Lee’s and Davis’s birthdays, encampments of Confederate veterans, and the oft-repeated cry, “Save your Confederate money, boys, the South will rise again!”— the sour grapes interpretation was becoming more pronounced and better articulated within the press and among authors. As long as the Southern states were
Patriot
granted some degree of autonomy in national affairs, the sour grapes version of The War improved relations with the Yankee conquerors and lessened the bitterness on both sides.
Its most idealized version appeared in D. W. Griffith’s 1915 film, “Birth of a Nation,” which was a screen production of Thomas Dixon’s The Clansman. The film, of course, had nothing to do with the birth of the Confederate nation, but with the death of states rights and the birth of a “unified” nation after Reconstruction with a consolidated federal government that shared the racial views of the South. Despite its implausible plot (with which the later TV miniseries “North and South" shared many similarities), the film was well received and popular in the South. To better reinforce the sour grapes viewpoint, the 1933 re-release included the playing of the “Star-Spangled Banner" for which the audience was asked'to stand.
Cinematic versions of sour grapes continued well into the 1930s and are best exemplified by films like Shirley Temple’s ‘The Little Colonel” which promoted North/South rapprochement by means of “Southern girl marries Yankee despite objection of father who eventually accepts son-in-law.” Even many aspects of the most famous film about the South, “Gone With the Wind," portray a sour grapes attitude. Both Scarlett and Rhett are portrayed as being “realistic” Southerners who simply want to get on with their lives and make money (like the Yankees) and are generally unconcerned with questions of Southern ideology and independence.
14
When the North in 1956 unilaterally and arbitrarily abrogated the Compromise of 1877 with the dispatch of Federal troops to Little Rock, the South again found itself in the centre of divisive racial politics. As Southrons again increasingly felt themselves under attack from the North, overt signs of Southern nationalism (such as battle flags, “Foiget, Hell!" signs, etc.) began to reappear. As one hundred years earlier, Southrons again believed primarily that problems involving the South were best solved by those living in the South. Regardless of whether one was a hard-core segregationist or a moderate conservative open to change, all Southern nationalists believed that the government had no business using federal force to solve regional problems. Just as a century earlier, the North again was adept at “waving the bloody shirt,” and every alleged racial atrocity became grist for the liberal press in the North. Once again all Southern nationalists who flew Confederate flags and spoke in defence of states rights and sovereignty were portrayed as evil, racist reactionaries intent upon re-enslaving their black folk.
As the “Second Reconstruction” began its renewed task of remaking the South in the image of the North, many Southrons hoped that this Reconstruction, like the last, would run its course. Unfortunately, thirty years into it, we still await our redeemers.The latest onslaught has elicited insidious new attempts at cultural genocide through politically correct indoctrination in our public
schools, eradication of Southern heritage, mass influx of legal and illegal immigrants (Yankee and otherwise), Yankeefication of our media, snide disdain and even contempt for our religion—in short, the massive Gleichschaltung of Yankee liberal secular humanism intent upon bringing the “Promised Land” of Yankee progress and enlightenment to the poor, benighted South.
Both complacency (resulting from our sharing in material prosperity after a century of grinding poverty) and complaisance (to our Yankee overlords and local scalawags) have exacted a terrible price. Our task is to reawaken Southern nationalism and to regain the sovereignty we once had. We can do much to overcome the sour grapes version of history and to help our fellow Southrons do the same:
1.	Rediscover our history and use it to guide us. The South is a history without a nation. It is up to us to change that. Learn from the wisdom and experience in the writings of leaders like Lee, Davis, Stephens, and Calhoun. Read their biographies.
2.	Rediscover Southern literature. Read works by Lanier, Timrod (particularly “Ethnogenesis”), Ryan, and later writers such as Glasgow, Warren, Wade, Young. Most importantly, read I’ll Take My Stand: The South and the Agrarian Tradition by “Twelve Southerners.” No better exposition of our cultural beliefs exists.
3.	Read contemporary writers like Grissom, Kennedy, McWhiney, Wilson and others.
Patriot
. Resist Yankee hegemony by:
•	Turning off the television and reading the above books.
•	Giving generous financial support to groups such as The Southern League that promote Southern sovereignty.
•	Supporting a return to British orthography and punctuation in the South. No self-respecting antebellum Southern writer would ever have considered using Webster (for obvious reasons) as a guide. As late as the 1920s Southern authors such as Ellen Glasgow were still employing British orthography (as I am now).
•	Returning to the use of the Scottish term “Southron” (which was introduced by Scott’s Waverly Novels and which means “Southerner”) to emphasize our British and Celtic heritage.
•	Saying “divisible” instead of “indivisible” loudly and emphatically when you absolutely must recite the “Pledge of Allegiance” to the flag of our Yankee conquerors.
•	Proudly flying the Third National Flag; after all, it is our only real national flag.
•	Encouraging the playing of “Dixie” and standing when it is played.
•	Visiting Confederate shrines such as Beauvoir, Liberty Hall, and the home of ^“unreconstructed Rebel,” Robert
15
Toombs, and by attending heritage festivals whenever possible.
* Agitating and propagating your views. Forming local chapters of The Southern League and working with other groups such as the Council of Conservative Citizens. Letting your views be known to your representatives. Running for office yourself.
3. Consider Southern sovereignty both possible and practical. Self-determination is a basic right of all nations—even the hypocritical Abraham Lincoln preached it (although he didn’t practice it). Tiny, poor, backward Slovakia, which many doomsayers predicted could never exist independently from the Czech Republic, is turning out to be economically viable and successful.
6.	Don’t compromise with Establishment views that anything short of full independence will solve our problems of federal intrusion. Giving Washington “one more chance” to reform the present federal system is simply one more opportunity for broken promises.
7.	Never again allow a concentration of power in the hands of a consolidated central government. History teaches us that when the South regains its independence, it must be as a true confederacy (i.e., an alliance among sovereign states).
The first step toward Southern independence is overcoming the “sour grapes” version of Southern history; let us do our part.
March-April 1995
VOL. 2 • NO. 2
Southern league news...
STATE CHAPTER FORMATION
The League’s Alabama state chapter will have its organizational meeting in Auburn on Saturday, 20 May. For details, call Jim Langcuster at (334) 844-5686 or Michael Hill at (205) 553-0155. A registration fee of $15 per person, payable to the Alabama chapter of the SL, should be sent by 10 May to Jim Langcuster, 1293 College Street, Auburn, AL 36830. Any funds in excess of the expenses required for the meeting will be applied toward legal incorporation and state operating funds.
The League's South Carolina state chapter will also hold its oiganizational meeting in May. For details about the Columbia meeting, call Tim Fletcher at (803) 554-6179.
If you see mention of The Southern League or any of its members in newspapers, magazines, journals, etc., please fax them or mail them to the national office. We would appreciate any help you can give us with this, since we are not able to afford expensive clipping services.
Videotapes of the League’s first national meeting in Charleston last October are available for a donation of $24 (or more). Send check or money order to the national office in 'Riscaloosa.
CONFERENCES & EVENTS
The Fifth Annual Confederate Heritage Conference will be held in Monroe, Louisiana, 25-27 May. The conference begins Thursday evening with the Patrons’ Banquet. Otto Scott will be the featured speaker. Speakers for the conference itself are Gregg Singer and Douglas Wilson. The conference will culminate with a Confederate Ball on Saturday evening. For more information, write The Southern Heritage Society, 109 Auburn Avenue, Monroe, LA 71201 or call (318) 323-3061.
The Robert E. Lee Camp (Memphis) of the SCV (which includes several SL members) will sponsor a Walking Tour of historic Elmwood Cemetery on Saturday, 22 April. For information, call (901) 762-8440.
The Southern League would like to congratulate and thank the Tennessee Division of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, and particularly Gene Andrews and Bill Rolen (both of whom are also SL members) for their superb work in planning and coordinating the Michael Westerman motorcade and memorial service. We are glad to have you in “our camp.”
Noteworthy publications
The Southern League highly recommends the following publications:
1.	Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture. Edited by the erudite and fiery Thomas Fleming (a SL Founder and Board Member), it is the most spirited and courageous opinion journal in existence. $39 annually (and worth twice that). Call (800) 877-5459 or write Chronicles, PO Box 800, Mount Morris, IL 61054-8082.
2.	The Rothbard-Rockwell Report. Founded by the late Murray N. Rothbard and Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr., President of the Ludwig von Mises Institute (both SL Charter Members), RRR has proven an articulate and indefatigable opponent of the American Welfare-Warfare State. For subscription information, write RRR, Center for Libertarian Studies, PO Box 4091, Burlingame, CA 94011.
Correction: In the last issue, we incorrectly listed the price of Murray Sabrin's Tax Free 2000. The correct price is $12.95.
Don and Ronnie (The South Was Right!) Kennedy have a new book in press. Why Not Freedom! will be available from Pelican Publications, 1101 Monroe Street, Gretna, LA 70053.
Dr. Clyde Wilson’s fine biography of James Johnston Pettigrew, Carolina Cavalier, is now available in paperback from The University of Georgia Press, Athens, GA 30602.
March—April 1995
VOL. 2 • NO. 2
Q:	Why was The Southern League formed?
A:	To fight a tyrannous central government that refuses to be restrained by the Constitution.
Q:	What is the aim of the SL?
A:	The Southern League seeks to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political independence
and well-being of the Southern people by all honorable means.
Q:	Is The Southern League a Christian organization?
A:	While we do not require any sort of religious affiliation, we do recognize the legacy of Western Christianity and the
sovereignty of God in the universe.
Q:	How is the SL different from previous Southern populist movements?
A:	The SL hopes to avoid the pitfalls of similar movements by aiming both to have a large popular following as well as a
leadership that includes serious intellectuals in a variety of disciplines.
Q:	How is the SL organized?
A:	It began in June 1994 with a single office and is already large enough to justify the formation of state chapters, which is
being done at present. The state chapters will then encourage the formation of local chapters.
Q:	How will the SL pursue cultural and social independence and well-being?
A:	In several ways: 1) by cultural secession or “abjuration of the realm,” which means withholding our support from all
institutions and objects of popular culture that are antithetical to our beliefs and heritage; 2) by encouraging the formation of communities of like-minded Southerners that work and play together; 3) by buying and reading Southern literature, poetry, and history; and 4) by sponsoring competitions among Southern artists and writers in order to foster the continuance of our excellent traditions.
Q:	How will the SL pursue economic and political independence?
A:	This is a complex aim that cannot begin to be accomplished without first establishing a mass base; therefore, recruitment
is the primary work of the SL until such time as our mass base is established.
Q:	Will the SL work within the existing political system?
A:	Yes, as far as that will take us. However, the SL does not suffer under the illusion that the leadership of either of the
present political parties is likely to work toward our aims; therefore, we look forward to fielding a SL slate of candidates for local, state, and national offices and drawing on our mass base to get them elected.
Q:	Hasn’t secession already been tried, failed, and discredited?
A:	On the contrary, secession is the ultimate right of a truly free people and the cornerstone of confederalism. What has
been tried, failed, and discredited is centralism—by a central government that reneged on its original compact with the states, usurped their sovereignty, and opted instead to hold the “Union” together by brute force.
Q:	How does the SL spend my dues?
A:	Dues cover the administrative costs of the national office, travel and lodging expenses for meetings held all across the
South, printing and mailing costs of the bi-monthly newsletter, the Southern Patriot, and other expenses incurred as a result of recruitment efforts.
Q:	Whence the name: “The Southern League”?
A:	Our name comes from two different sources: 1) the Northern League, a very successful populist movement in northern
Italy, to which the SL has personal ties, and 2) the League of United Southerners, organized by Edmund Ruffin and William Lowndes Yancey in 1858 to shape Southern public opinion.