March - April 2001
\<)l,. S • NO. 2
mi: Li:.\c;i i: ok the South
Post Office Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
"We invoice the blessings of Providence on a just cause"
Jefferson Davis
E
resident’s message.
Dr Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama

REPARATIONS FOR SOUTHERNERS
The League of the South supports reparations for Southerners as outlined in our press release of 6 April (see p. 4). The evidence supports our position. During the War for Southern Independence, Lincoln’s armies invaded the South and deliberately ravaged, burned, and stole private property in violation of the U.S. Constitution, the Law of Nations, and their own General Order Number 100 (the Lieber Code). The invasion was thus both unlawful and immoral.
It is clear to the fair-minded observer that the war and subsequent Reconstruction were intended to destroy not only the South’s ability to resist militarily but to expunge our civilization and way of life. In fact, it is by no means incredible to call these outrages a campaign of terrorism and genocide against the Southern people. General William Tecumseh Sherman admitted as much when he wrote: ‘About twenty percent of our activity [in Georgia and South Carolina] was directed against possible military objectives; the rest [eighty percent] was simple waste and destruction.’ This was not just the policy of renegade officers—it was sanctioned by the government. The U. S. Congress in January 1865 passed a measure (HR 97) that read in part in its Preamble: ‘Rebel prisoners in our hands are to be subjected to a treatment... resulting in the death of multitudes by the slow but designed process of starvation and by mortal diseases occasioned by insufficient and unhealthy food and wanton exposure of their persons to the inclemency of the weather.’ This was an official declaration of genocide.
The catalogue of atrocities committed against Southerners of all races from 1861 to 1877 is virtually inexhaustible. The South accepted her defeat on the field of battle against overwhelming odds; however, she never forgot the ill treatment of her civilians and prisoners-of-war at the hands of Yankee war criminals. Nor should she. Justice demands that such wrongs be made right, no matter how much time has passed in the interval.
In This Issue...
A Home for the League ................................ P.	3
LS Press Release on Reparations....................... p.	4
Thank God for Mississippi! ........................... P-	4
Agrarian Challenge; Most Bodacious Hoedown ........... P-	5
Diapering Dixie; LS Homeschool Web Section ........... p.	5
State Chairmen Meet; SHS Conference & Ball .......... P- 6
Lincoln’s Infernal Revenuers ......................... P-	1
Around the League .................................... P-	8
League Calendar ................................... P-12
The coercion of the Southern States by force from 1861-65 had no constitutional basis in law. Neither had it any foundation in the internationally recognized laws of war. Hugo Grotius, a Dutch legal expert, published The Law of War and Peace in the early seventeenth century, for which he earned the title ‘father of modem international law.’ Grotius asserted that political states, like individuals, are restricted in their actions by a code of law, and that such law forbids a state from undertaking war except for defensive purposes.
At the U. S. Military Academy at West Point, cadets were taught the principles gleaned from the works of Grotius and other scholars of international law by instructors such as General Henry Halleck, Lincoln’s commander-inchief of the Union armies until 1864. Thus, most generals who fought during the war had no excuse for pleading ignorance of the laws of war, especially those that forbade the plundering and pillaging of private property and the mistreatment of non-combatants. The inevitable consequence of these indefensible acts, according to Halleck, was to transform the offended people into ‘bitter and implacable enemies.’ Halleck concluded that: ‘The system [of unrestrained warfare] is, therefore, regarded as both impolitic and unjust, and is coming into general disuse among the most civilized nations.’
In the spring of 1863, the Lincoln administration signed off on General Order number 100, also known as the Lieber Code. Professor Francis Lieber, of Columbia University, was a friend
of Halleck, whom Lieber wrote shortly after the adoption of the code: ‘I know ... that the wanton destruction of property [in the South] by our men is alarming. It does incalculable injury... and makes a return to a state of peace ... more and more difficult.’ But the Lieber Code became a virtual dead letter after Halleck was fired and U. S. Grant given command over the Union military forces in 1864. Indeed, the final year of the war saw Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, and other terrorists ransacking the South in direct violation of General Order number 100. For this, they should have been tried as war criminals, along with their commander-in-chief, Abraham Lincoln.
But among the victors there are no war crimes, no trials, and no convictions. Victory—even when, as in this case, might triumphed over right—brings with it immunity from responsibility, or so it seems. It goes without saying that this is a travesty. The war against the South was both illegal and immoral, and therefore the descendants of those Southerners who were the objects of Yankee terrorism ought now to come forward and lay claim to what is rightfully due them. To do so will not make them helpless, whining victims, as some of our detractors have suggested. Rather, it will finally help to set accounts right and the record straight
(continued on p. 6)
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (800) 888-3163.
vrn Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter ofth* League of the South
Editor: Sara Hill P.O. Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910 tel: (800) 888-3163 or (205) 553-0155 fax: (205)553-2155 e-mail: president@dixienet.org DixieNet webpage: www.dixienet.org

PRESIDENT: Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS Thomas Fleming, Ph.D. Jack Kershaw, J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
co 2001 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not
necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints give full credit to the League of the South, supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.

For cultural distinctiveness tho Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation. Delivery Policy: Please notify us In advance of s change of address. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To Insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label. Annual dues amounts are listed on page 11.
vol. 8 • no. 2
A Home for the League
Dear Friends,
Great news! An opportunity to purchase our first permanent League facility, a South Carolina state headquarters, multi-purpose cultural center, and home for the League. This building is located just off the square on North Main Street in Historic Downtown Abbeville. It is a two-story brick building built around 1890 and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It has a new roof and offers 4,000 square feet of space. The structure has wonderful architectural details, including a pressed tin ceiling, original wooden bookcases along each wall, heart-pine floors, original stairs, and fine glass work currently hidden behind the previous owner’s plastic auto parts sign. The cost? $43,500. That’s a lot of building and a lot of history for a very reasonable price. With volunteer labour, we will restore the building to its historic design and make it a community showplace.
As you know, Abbeville is steeped in Confederate history. It is considered the birthplace of the Confederacy at Secession Hill. The Burt-Stark Mansion is where Jefferson Davis held his last Cabinet meeting in May 1865. John C. Calhoun was born in the county and first practised law in the village.
The building is within sight of key historic places. In fact from its front door, you can see both the Burt-Stark Mansion and the Confederate Monument on the town square. Its rear upstairs windows frame Historic Trinity Episcopal Church, the parish that gave more officers to the Confederacy than
any other in the South. These included Gen. McGowan of McGowan’s Brigade. Calhoun family members worshipped here. Its cemetery is a very special resting place for many gallant slain, and a few minute’s walk from our building.
Having this structure would allow us to create a cultural center for our Southern movement. The building would house a Southern bookstore and gift shop. It could also offer gallery space to sell and promote Southern art. Thus the building would be producing much needed income for us, and be an asset to the community. League literature would be available to the public, as well as books by League members. There is ample’ meeting space for League functions, space for a reading room with bookshelves stocked with our selection of choice Southern titles, and the option for other uses in the future, including exhibits, lectures, and receptions. The excellent storefront location gives us wonderful exposure to introduce our Southern kin to the League. This facility will be increasing our membership. It is perfect for multi-purpose use, so as to be cost-effective.
But we need your help and we need it quickly. We must have the cooperation of every member and friend of the South Carolina League to make this home a reality. We also welcome League members from throughout the South. Many of you have wanted tangible results. This is it! Our own building in Historic Abbeville, the home of Secession. And a concrete sign that we are moving ahead toward the League’s goals of promoting 'the cultural, social, economic, and political well-
being and independence of the Southern people.’ You will be voting your approval of the project with your checkbook. If we dont get the pledges to pay for the building, we cannot buy it, and this dream of a permanent home for the League will remain just that: a dream. The Realtors have given us 90 days (from early April) to close, so please pledge now, and be prepared to make good your pledge by the 4th of July 2001.
Will you please take a moment to make out a cheque (to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation ‘for SC Building Fund’) and/or a pledge and send them in as soon as possible after you receive this newsletter. Your donation will be fully tax-deductible under 501c3 status. All donations of $1,000 or more will place your name or honouree on an Honour Scroll in the League building. Please dont postpone your support. We must hear from you as soon as possible. Together we can make this happen.
Signed,
L. J. Mowery, South Carolina State Chairman
Scott Goldsmith, South Carolina Board of Directors
James Kibler, LS Cultural Committee Chairman
Please send a letter, along with your cheque/money order, which states your intention of making either a one-time donation or an incremental pledge over the next three months (May, June, July) to: Jim Kibler, 211 Peters Creek Road, Whitmire, South Carolina 29178. Please include your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
March - April 2001
vol. 8 • no. 2
LS Press Release on Reparations
The following press release on repara* tions for Southerners was issued 6 April by the national office, and a related petition (see back inside cover) went online on Dixienet. In less than a week, nearly 2,000 people had signed. Please feel free to reproduce the petition and gather signatures in your area. The issue continues to receive wide regional media attention.
If you wish to view the signatures online, please be advised that some of the comments made by those 'signatories’ who oppose the petition are not suitable for children or adults. We apologise for their lack of manners and continue to work to keep their obscenities off the petition.
The 6 April press release read:
‘The League of the South is petitioning Congress to conduct a thorough, non-partisan study examining the long neglected injustices arising from the war crimes committed across the South from 1861-1865 in violation of the U. S. Constitution, the Law of Nations, and U. S. Executive Order Number 100, whereby the private property of non-combatants was ravaged, burned, stolen, and destroyed as a deliberate policy of an unconstitutional war of invasion, conquest, and occupation.'
'Tens of thousands of individuals in the South are now signing petitions asking The League of the South to represent them as a class by exercising the people’s right of petition or by a suit at law for damages. We anticipate that a thorough and impartial Congressional investigation will reveal the necessity
for a long overdue compensatory program of justice for people of all races in the South—white, black, and red— who were subjected to treatment during and after the War Between the States that resulted in little less than the barbaric dispossession and destruction of the Southern people and their way of life.’
‘No reparations, no indemnification, and no ‘‘Marshall Plan” has ever been conceived or enacted by the United States Government. The United States Government now claims to be the moral monitor for the entire world; however, it cannot justify this position without first cleansing its own shield of the shame of war crimes and acts of vengeance against Southern Americans in action perhaps best described by General William Tecumseh Sherman, who said: "... about 20% of our effort [in Georgia and South Carolina] was against military objectives. The rest [80%] was sheer waste and destruction.” Sadly, such unconscionable depredations were all too common across the South during both the war and Reconstruction.'
‘The League of the South now seeks reparations from the United States Government for all Southerners and their families who suffered atrocities during the war and the years of military occupation that followed. CONTACTS: Dr. Michael Hill, President, The League of the South (205) 553-0155 Mr. Jack Kershaw, Esq., League of the South Chief Legal Counsel (615)292-2316.’
♦ ♦♦
THANK GOD FOR MISSISSIPPI!
Mississippians voted 17 April by a margin of about 2 to 1 to keep the ‘old flag’, which contains the St Andrews battleflag in the upper left comer. We wish to thank Rev John T. Cripps and FreeMississippi for their courageous defence of the old flag. The turnout at the election was termed ‘solid.’
Available space permits two questions we think are pertinent: 1) If the citizens of South Carolina & Georgia had been allowed to vote, would the results in those states have been different? 2) Does the outcome of the referendum in Mississippi make you wonder who the state’s elected ‘representatives’ actually represent?
As Governor of Mississippi, John Cripps will indeed represent the ‘silent majority’ that was heard loud and clear in the flag referendum. We urge you to support his bid as much as you are able.
Interestingly, the media and business interests in Mississippi cant quite wrap their brains around the will of the people. A spokesman for The Clarion Ledger in Jackson called for ‘dialogue’ about the issue. It’s funny: when ‘underfunded heritage groups’ win, they want a dialogue; when these same groups lose, end of conversation! Of course, the war isn’t over; the NAACP is rumbling about an economic boycott.
AGRARIAN CHALLENGE I Gentlemen:
All of us up here on the ridge have noticed that although many folks are interested in ‘agrarianism,’ few actually have a chance to practice it, as in living on a farm or even in a rural setting.
We (all the Sanders on the ridge) want to offer to these people an opportunity just to live an agrarian lifestyle for a few days.
AGRARIAN CHALLENGE I
We invite seven (only) people, minimum age 16, to come live with us for two days and three nights (Thursday, June 21 through Sunday dinner) on our 65 acre farm. The Top, in scenic southern Middle Tennessee (Dogwood Mudhole). We have pastures, Highland cattle, milk cow & calf, chickens, ducks, draft horses, wagons, hay, garden, pigs, dogs, and other creatures tame and wild. For two days our seven guests can do whatever we do, including but not limited to work cattle, milk cows, gather eggs, harness and work horses, drive horses, harvest baled hay, plant, weed, mulch, pick vegetables, feed pigs, cattle, chickens, ducks, fence with barbed wire and electric fencing, pick blackberries, can blackberries, take hayrides, watch bonfires, swim in icy Chisolm Creek and eat lots and lots of homemade food and spend many hours in informative and intriguing conversation.
We are offering two days and three nights of HANDS-ON, NON-VIRTU AL agrarianism, just to see whether I’ll Take My Stand was everything it
has been cracked it up to be. Each guest will need to bring a willingness to learn and make a donation of one hundred bucks ($100) to cover food, lodging (double occupancy only!), and a pair of work gloves. We are located about 2 hours south of Nashville.
Send reservations (first come, first served) to Agrarian Challenge I, c/o Balm of Gilead, P.O. Box 178, Westpoint, Tennessee 38486 or call (888)218-9226.
Yours for the agrarian lifestyle,
Franklin Sanders The Moneychanger P.O. Box 178 Westpoint, Tennessee 38486 (888) 218-9226; (931) 766-6066 Fax (931)766-1128 www.the-moneychanger.com e:mail:
moneychanger@compuserve.com
MOST BODACIOUS HOEDOWN
The League of the South and the Franklin Sanders Family Trust will cohost a hoedown Saturday, 14 July, at the Sanders's farm in Wayne County, Middle Tennessee. Open to all LS members and friends, the hoedown will feature the music of the famed 12th Louisiana String Band, dancing, local homegrown pork barbecue, wagon rides in the Tennessee hills, and an ugly rooster contest, among other delights.
The cost for the hoedown is $25 per person or $50 per family. Contact Franklin for directions or other information (see above).
Diapering Dixie
Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriots:
Colter Campbell Smalley 25 February 2001 3rd child of Caroline Quincy Smalley & David Christian Smalley 609 Pitt St Fredericksburg, Virginia 22401
Evelynn Lee Barker 13 March 2001 2nd child of Mr & Mrs Lyston Barker Jr 6384 W Donnagail Dr #2 Penn Laird, Virginia 22846
LS HOMESCHOOL WEB SECTION
The LS will soon be expanding its website to include a comprehensive section for homeschoolers wishing to teach Southern history and culture. The section will offer book lists and curricula for Southern literature, the War Between the States, Southern history from 1609 to present. Southern biographies, and individual state histories. The material should be suitable for middle and high school students. This is a large project that will go online piece by piece, but we expect to have a good start by the fall. The project is being overseen by Board member Clyde N. Wilson and Kentucky League member Kate Dalton Boyer. If you have suggestions, contact Mrs. Boyer at K8DaltonBoyer @att.net or the national office.
President's Message,
(continued from p. 2)
The League of the South understands that the likelihood of the U. S. Congress acting in the South’s favour is remote; however, we reserve the right to file a suit at law for damages—both compensatory and punitive—should the legislative avenue be closed to us. Unlike others who are pursuing reparations based exclusively on race and grounded on emotionalism rather than hard, factual evidence, we will act on behalf of only those individuals and families who can produce legitimate documentation of wrongs committed against their ancestors. Furthermore, we do not believe that reparations must always be restricted to monetary compensation. On the contrary, reparations might come in some other, rather surprising forms as well.
At the very least, the topic is bound to generate opportunities to educate people on both sides of the Mason-Dixon line. It piques curiosity and generates controversy, and while we do not seek controversy for controversy's sake, we do believe that a national discussion of this important unresolved issue should be attempted.
If you would like to participate in our petition to the U. S. Congress and in a possible suit at law against those responsible for the terrorism levied against the South from 1861 to 1877, please sign and return the form on the back inside cover of this newsletter.
STATE CHAIRMEN MEET
LS President Michael Hill and LS Attorney, Jack Kershaw, held a meeting with several League state chairmen
and officers 30-31 March in Rome, Georgia. States represented were Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. State leaders swapped ideas about tactics and strategies for League growth and development.
Among the topics discussed were: membership recruiting and retention, state chapter fund raising, local chapter organisation, state chapter education projects (hedge schools and summer seminars), communications, media relations, involvement in state and local politics, and reparations.
According to President Hill, the meeting was ‘very successful, and I look for more effective action on the state level as a result.’
SHS CONFERENCE & BALL
The Southern Heritage Society will host its 11 th Annual Confederate Heritage Conference and Ball, 24-26 May, in Monroe, Louisiana. Speakers are: Dr Morton Smith, professor of theology at the Greenville Presbyterian Theological Seminary; Dr Marshall DeRosa, associate professor of political science, Florida Atlantic University; and Mr Franklin Sanders, editor. The Moneychanger.
Tickets for the conference are $55 per family or $30 per person (before May 10). Purchase of conference tickets also admits you to the ball. Send cheque or money order to The Southern Heritage Society, c/o 109 Auburn Avenue, Monroe, LA 71201. For further information, contact Steve Wilkins: (318) 323-3061.
-
Lincoln's Infernal Revenuers (continuedfrom p. 7)
The government schools have surely done a wonderful job of convincing us that our slavery is really ‘freedom.’ Isaiah the prophet told us in the Old Testament about those who call evil good and good evil, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. And, as Scripture says, ‘There is no new thing under the sun.*
I also find it interesting that many patriotic types, upon hearing that the Lincoln Administration is responsible for the government agency they hate with such a passion, suddenly don’t want to hear any more. As far as they are concerned, our problems in America did not start until 1913 and they don’t want anybody to rock their 1913 boat.
If they had to come to grips with the fact that the Lincoln Administration gave us the Internal Revenue in all of its Leviathan glory, it might force them to rethink their view of St. Abraham, and, above all things, that is the last thing they plan on doing. Lincoln must remain sacrosanct, even if he was the father of the concept of big government which they despise (or claim to.) So, here we are at this magic time of year, about to fleeced again, and remember, we can thank Abraham Lincoln and his administration for it. Aint Lincoln’s IRS just wonderful?
Copyright © A1 Benson Jr. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Mr Benson is the editor of Copperhead Chronicles. P.O. Box 1883, Arlington Heights, IL 60006
♦ ♦ ♦
Lincoln’s Infernal Revenuers
contributed by Al Benson Jr Arlington Heights, Illinois
We have reached that time of year that most decent people hate and all lovers of the Leviathan state adore—tax payment time. I have often remarked that April 15th (the 16th this year) is the true ‘April Fool’s Day.’ The feds and our own lovable state governments line up with their greedy hands to make fools of us all, as we fork over more cash to support their socialist beneficence toward us.
When George W. Bush ran for president he made a statement in one of his commercials that said something like ‘no more than a third of your income should go to Washington.’ I wonder if he realized just how ludicrous that sounded. Washington should only be entitled to 33% of your money. How utterly generous of them!!!
For years I have been listening to conservative and various patriotic types moan about how we got the income tax in 1913. It’s like no one ever heard of the Internal Revenue Service before that magical date in our history when ‘everything started to go bad.’ These folks seem to think everything was ‘pie in the sky by and by’ before 1913 in this country.
How many sincere, but misinformed folks realize we got the Internal Revenue Bureau during the Lincoln Administration, and its first commissioner was a Massachusetts abolitionist named George S. Boutwell? It’s been around a little longer than you thought, hasn’t it? Bet your ‘history’ books
didn’t fill you in on that little fact, did they? Lincoln favored progressive taxation, just as did Karl Marx when he penned the infamous ten points of the Communist Manifesto, one of which was ‘A heavy, progressive, graduated income tax’ or words to that effect.
In his book John Sherman Theodore E. Burton wrote: ‘The first comprehensive Internal Revenue Act became a law on July 1,1862... It included a tax upon malt and distilled liquors, license taxes upon various professions or occupations, taxes upon manufactures and specific products of use or luxury, also upon the gross receipts of divers corporations, including transportation companies, and upon the dividends of banks and other financial institutions. The exemption in the income tax was reduced from eight hundred to six hundred dollars, and numerous stamp duties were created.’
Does it begin to sound a little like some of what we put up with today? Burton has noted that, in the following year ‘later statutes, notably those of June 30, 1864, and March 3, 1865, (were added]. By the close of the war the system of internal taxes included a greater variety of objects and brought a larger number of people into immediate contact with the national system of taxation than under any previous plan for raising revenue.’ Even foreigners took note of how far in hock we became to the Leviathan state.
The Austrian writer, von Hock, observed: ‘The citizen of the Union paid a tax every hour of every day, either directly or indirectly, for each act of his life; for his movable or immovable
property; for his income as well as his expenditure; for his business as well as his pleasure.’ Burton continued: ‘Repairs on buildings were taxed. The householder could not improve his dwelling without paying a fine for the privilege of doing so. Every successive process of manufacture was taxed, as well as almost every operation of business or commerce. The simplest transfer of title to property could not occur except the state laid its hands upon the transaction and levied a fee.'
Sounds like life in the ‘land of the free’ today, doesn’t it—except that we are talking about what happened while Lincoln was president! Then, Burton made a final, parting revelation in this area that should cause us all to reflect. He stated: ‘....the system of internal revenue taxation deserves to rank, with the establishment of the national banks, as one of the two great fiscal measures of the Civil War which were destined to endure.’ Boy, did he get that right! ‘Destined to endure’ doesn’t even begin to describe it! So, thanks to ‘Father Abraham’ we have a national bank and the Internal Revenue Service and all those lovely taxes we are so fond of paying as the ‘price’ for our living in a ‘free country.’ I actually had a sincere Christian man in church tell me that once. It was one of the few times I ever gagged during a church service!
(continued on p. 6, column 3)
Around the League
Please note that the League Calender (p. 12) has been shortened and details incorporated into this column. An upcoming event on the League calendar is preceded by this symbol: HI
ALABAMA
In conjunction with the Alabama state meeting 21 April in Hackneyville, a Confederate Heritage & History Celebration was held.
A new chapter has been formed in Wetumpka. Mike Whorton is the provisional chairman.
An 18 April rally was held at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery to save the capitol grounds, which are slated for ‘renovation’ with federal grant money. The renovation would remove and/or relocate the statue of Jefferson Davis and officially designate the capitol as the culmination of the 1965 civil rights trail, despite the fact that the Selma-Montgomery marchers never set foot on the capitol grounds.
0A Jefferson Davis Birthday Celebration is scheduled for 2 June 2001 at 10:00 a.m. at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery. Michael Hill and Alabama LS Chairman, Ken McGhee, will speak. For more information see DixieNet.
ARKANSAS
The Arkansas LS participated in the state’s annual Confederate Memorial Day held 14 April in Little Rock.
A local chapter in the Fayetteville and Rogers area meets monthly. For more
information, contact Karl Welsch: (501) 582-0678.
A South Arkansas chapter is being formed. For information, call Rob Thornton: (870) 853-5826.
FLORIDA
A Big Bend Regional Chapter has been formed, consisting of the following counties: Franklin, Gadsden, Jefferson, Leon, Liberty, Madison and Wakulla.Contact person is Dr. Dennis Raitt, dgijdr@tlh.fdt.net, Tallahassee, Florida 32308.
A Central Florida Regional Chapter has been formed, consisting of the following counties: Orange, Lake, Volusia, Seminole, Osceola and Brevard. Chairman is Mr. Jeff Hardy, JHardycsa@aol.com, PO Box 86 Apopka, FL 32703; 407-886-5970
ED The Sandhills Chapter will hold their 2nd annual George Kirby Smith Memorial Birthday Barbecue on 19 May at Pine Log State Forest near Ebro. Contact Larry Smith at Lighterpine@aol.com or see freeflorida.org.
GEORGIA
EQ The Georgia LS State Convention will be held in McDonough 30 June. Michael Hill will speak. Contact Jim Arp: (706) 234-0328, or Ray McBerry, FreeSouth @aol.com.
0The LS Institute will host its First Annual Georgia Summer School in Macon 19-21 July. The topic will be ‘The Southern Constitutional Tradition.’ Faculty will be Prof. Clyde Wilson, Prof. Marshall DeRosa and Prof. Donald Livingston. Tuition & fees are
$125 per person before 1 June and $150 thereafter. All inquiries, applications and cheques should be sent to: Dr Donald Livingston, LSI, 478 Burlington Road, Atlanta, GA 30307. (404) 377-0484.
An organisational meeting of the Franklin County Chapter met 24 April in Lavonia. Area residents interested in the county chapter should contact Jean McCullough: (706) 246-0090 or (706) 246-2091 (pager).
LOUISIANA
Hi The 2nd Annual Louisiana LSI Summer School will be held at the Best Western on the Lake in St Francis ville, 9-11 August The topic will be ‘The Moral, Political, & Theological Traditions of the South.’ Faculty will be Dr Don Livingston, Dr Thomas Fleming, & Dr Thomas Woods. Tuition & fees are $100 before 15 June and $125 thereafter. Inquiries, applications, and cheques should be sent to Don Livingston, 478 Burlington Road, Atlanta, GA 30307; (404) 377-0484.
MISSISSIPPI
The LS and FreeMississippi held a Save the Flag Rally at the State capitol in Jackson, Saturday, 14 April. Thanks to everyone who braved the rain, and in some cases, long distances, to support the symbols of Dixie.
MISSOURI
The 2001 Missouri State Meeting will be held 22-23 June at the Settle Inn in Branson. Michael Hill will speak. For more information, contact
outhern JEatriot
Dan Anderson: dananderson@ missourileague.com or Victoria Sills: (316) 783-1938.
NORTH CAROLINA
0The North Carolina LS State Convention will be held 9 June at the Stanback Meeting Hall, Rowan County Public Library, in Salisbury. Michael Hill and Clyde Wilson will speak. Contact Michael Tuggle, (704)366-0542 or see www. TarHeelLS.com.
The North Carolina LS has collected 320 signatures so far on a petition against slavery reparations. This project provides a convenient and effective approach to League membership, and the winner of the petition/ membership drive will be announced at the state meeting on 9 June.
The NC League made its presence known at meetings of the Department of Public Instruction (DPI) held around the state to examine DPI's proposal to eliminate North Carolina history from the public school curriculum. Dr Timothy Wyatt made a well-researched rebuttal of the proposal. Details can be found on TarHeelLS.com.
LS member Bernie Thuersam organised a Symposium of the Southern View of the War (for Southern Independence) held at the Cape Fear Museum in Wilmington on Sunday, 29 April. State chair Mike Tuggle and Raleigh-Durham chapter head and education officer. Dr Timothy Wyatt, represented the Southern viewpoint on the panel.
Jack Clark has accepted the positiion of Political Liaison for the NC LS.
Clark is also the chair of the Southern Party of North Carolina, and will be responsible for corresponding and building relations with public officials throughout the state. His first task is to identify public officials who will be receptive to our petition against reparations for slavery.
SOUTH CAROLINA
The Newberry-Union Chapter hosted a Hedge School on William Gilmore Simms, 21 April.
The SC League is investigating the feasibility of forming a credit union for Southerners. Three existing credit unions have been identified for potential affilition, and negotiations will take place soon. An article on the subject ran recently in a Columbia newspaper. In addition, a Southern Small Business Association has been formed by the SC Heritage Coalition with strong support from the League. For more information, contact state chairman, L. J. Mowery: chairman@palmetto.org.
League President Michael Hill will make a speaking tour of South Carolina 12-19 May. Details can be found at www.palmetto.org.
0A Confederate Memorial Day Celebration is planned for 12 May in Columbia. Michael Hill will speak.
H A battle flag-raising ceremony will be held 15 May at the Williamston Court House. Michael Hill will speak.
OThe South Carolina LS will host its Third Annual Spring Barbecue with a South Carolina Living History Celebration at Broxton Bridge Plantation in Ehrhardt 19 May. Music, crafts, vendors, living history demonstrations.
9
games, speeches, dancing and BBQ. Details at www.palmetto.org. Michael Hill & SC Senator Bill Branton will speak.
0The LSI will host the 6th Annual Summer Institute 23-28 July in Abbeville. See details on p. 10. Additionally, the SC League is planning a tour of the John C. Calhoun home in Clemson, then to Pendleton for supper on the Square at the Farmer’s Hall where Calhoun made speeches. This tour and supper is open to be public. We should have a crowd of 200 Red Shirts on the Square.
TENNESSEE
The West Tennessee Chapter will meet 1 May in Jackson; the Middle Tennessee Chapter will meet 8 May in Franklin, the North-East Tennessee Chapter will meet 17 May in Knoxville, and the Robertson County Chapter will meet 24 May in Spring-field. For information contact state chairman, David Jones: dlojones @quixnet.net.
TEXAS
Successful hedge schools were held in Houston and Austin in March and April.
0The Texas State Meeting will be held in Waco 15 September. Michael Hill will speak. For more information, contact Jeff Adams: (888) 339-8422.
VIRGINIA
The Virginia LS State Convention was held in Salem 28 April. Speakers included Dr Michael Hill, Dr Bill
(continued on p. I J)
SIXTH ANNUAL
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE SUMMER SCHOOL ;	TOTAL WAR AND RECONSTRUCTION’
July 23-28, 2001 Abbeville, South Carolina
FACULTY: Dr. Thomas DiLorenzo (Prof, of Economics, Loyola College in Maryland), Dr. James Kibler (Prof, of English Literature, University of Georgia), Dr. Clyde Wilson (Prof, of History, University of South Carolina), Prof. Roger Busbice (History, Nicholls State University), Dr. Michael Hill (Military Historian and President, League of the South Institute), John Chodes (Author and Playwright), Dr. Donald Livingston (Prof, of Philosophy, Emory University).
TOPICS: A Moral, Legal, and Philosophical Examination of Total War and Reconstruction. Was the Lincoln Administration Guilty of War Crimes? The South’s Experience of Total War and Reconstruction. Destruction of the American Founding and Rise of the American Empire. Reconstructing the Southern Mind: the Creation of ‘Public Education.1 How Reconstruction Continues Today.
PLACE: Abbeville is the birth place of John C. Calhoun, America's first and most original political philosopher, and the place where he first practiced law. Visit ‘Secession Hill’ where the act of secession began, and the Burt-Stark House where the Confederate Cabinet met for the last time and dissolved.
TUITION: $250 (includes banquet July 23); $275 after June I. Open to students of all ages. Checks should be payable to League of the South Institute.
SCHOLARSHIPS: A limited number of scholarships are available to undergraduate and graduate students, as well as advanced high school students. Send a statement about yourself, your academic background, and your interest in the topic to the Director, address below.
ACCOMMODATIONS: All Institute events are held in The Belmont Inn: (877) 459-8118 or (864) 459-9625 (rooms are $49 for a couple). The nearby Abbevilla Motel, (864) 459-5041, has rooms ranging from $34 for a single to $43 for a double. For information regarding other accommodations in the area contact the Director.
INQUIRIES AND PAYMENTS: All checks and inquiries regarding accommodations, etc. should be sent to Dr. Donald W. Livingston, Director, League of the South Institute, 478 Burlington Rd., Atlanta, Goergia 30307; phone and fax: (404) 377-0484.
LDA New Sign-Ups
Thank you to the following new signups with LDA since the last report: Steve Kimbrell-Columbia, South Carolina; Carolina Wilmoth-Wamer Robbins, Georgia; Loy Mauch-Bis-marck, Arkansas; Albert Perdue-Cave Spring, Georgia; Rob Thomton-Ham-burg, Arkansas.
In the twelve months ending 28 February 2001, LDA contributed $2,200.12 to the League of the South and a grand total of $5,397.73 since the program’s inception in October of 1997.
LS/LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE COMMISSION RATE 5 TO 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southern causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 6% to 7% of your long distance usage (In the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIGI
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South to help advance our cause.
Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
March - April 2001
vol. 8 • no. 2
LOST CAUSE OR DELAYED VICTORY?
(The following is from a speech by Franklin Sanders at the 14 April Mississippi Flag Rally in Jackson. The speech can be read in its entirety at www.southemcaucus.org.)
There are no defeats in a just cause, only delayed victories.’
‘And to your neighbors who are too busy or too lazy or too cowardly to vote for the old flag on Tuesday, you can bid them farewell as Samuel Adams bid farewell to those who would not support the American colonists against the British: “If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom, go home from us in peace. Crouch down and lick the hands that feed you; may your chains rest lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen.”’
Around the League (continuedfrom p. 9)
Wilson, John Vinson & Chaplain Tim Manning, Sr.
IS The Virginia LS Chapter is hosting a Hedge School Seminar 16 June in Roanoke. The topic is “From Union to Empire.” Dr Clyde Wilson will be the instructor. Contact Randy Jamison, confederatedaddy@excite. com, (540) 326-6728,
(3 The LS Institute will host its Second Annual Virginia Summer Seminar in Richmond 28-30 June. The topic will be ‘Southern Agrarianism and Literature.’ Contact Steve Flora, (540) 432-9425 or SaveDixie@ aol.com.
New chapters are forming in Fredericksburg and Fairfax. Contacts, respectively, are Dave Smalley:
jebstuart@erols.com; and Jason Koehne: jkoehne@freecongress.org.
The Virginia LS mailed one hundred letters in March to law enforcement officers in Virginia. The letters disputed Morris Dees’s labeling of the LS as a ‘hate group.’ An expose from Harper’s Magazine on Dees was attached for their edification.
A Note to Our Readers
Don't forget that the League now has the capability of accepting credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet. org) and following the online directions.
Members: To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the Southern Patriot, please note that the first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a ‘Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online (see above), or by mail at P.O. Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404. No application form is necessary to renew.
To Non-Members Receiving Introductory Copies of the Southern Patriot The League of the South invites you to join with us in our stated purpose: ‘We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.' To continue receiving this newsletter beyond the expiration date listed on your address label, join us online (see above) or send a written statement that you support our purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404. ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP RATES: REGULAR: $40.00 for an individual; $60.00 for husband & wife; LEGION OF THE SOUTH: $125.00 continuing annual pledge (includes free LS 3rd National lapel pin); $200.00 for husband & wife (2 free pins); STUDENT: $20.00 (must send copy of school ID).
March • April 2001
vol. 8 • no. 2
League Calendar
Details on the following events can be found in the 'Around the League' column, pp. 8.
May
12th, Confederate Memorial Day Celebration, Statehouse, Columbia, South Carolina
15th, Battle Flag raising ceremony at courthouse, Williamston, South Carolina
19th, 3rd Annual Spring Barbecue & South Carolina Living History Celebration, Broxton Bridge Plantation, Ehrhardt.
19th, George Kirby Smith Memorial Birthday Barbecue, Pine Log State Forest, Ebro, Florida
22nd-24th, 11th Annual Confederate Heritage Society Conference & Ball, Monroe, Louisiana. Details on p. 6.
June
2nd, Jefferson Davis Birthday Celebration, State Capitol, Montgomery, Alabama
9th, North Carolina LS State Convention, Salisbury
16th, Hedge School Seminar, Roanoke, Virginia
28th-30th, Second Annual Virginia Summer Seminar, Richmond
30th, The Georgia LS State Convention, McDonough
July
19th-21st, First Annual Georgia Summer School, Macon
23rd-28th, LSI Summer Institute, Abbeville, South Carolina (see p.10)
August
9th-11th, 2nd Annual Louisiana LSI Summer School in St Francisville
September 15th, Texas State Meeting, Waco
October
11th-13th, 8th Annual League of the South National Conference, Jack-son, Mississippi.
Invitation letters to the National Conference will be mailed soon to the League membership. The conference will be held at The Hilton Jack-son Hotel. Registration forms and details of the conference will be included in the letter. Updates will be provided on DixieNet and in future issues of the Southern Patriot.
The conference will feature workshops, living history, Southern arts and crafts, music, vendors, and speakers. Plenty of free time will be built into the schedule so that members will have an opportunity to relax and talk with old friends and to meet new ones. Please make your plans now to be with us in October in Jackson.
CONFEDERATE CELTIC BADGE
•	LIMITED EDITION
•	HAND CAST
•	BRITANNIA PEWTER
•	1-5/8 INCH DIAMETER
•	STURDY PIN ON BACK
•	ST ANDREWS CROSS IS RAISED AND THE STARS ARE INCISED
•	$20.00 PLUS $2.00 S&H
Please send me__Confederate
Celtic Badges at $20.00 each plus
$2.00 S&H for a Total of $_.
Return this form with your cheque or money order to:
Southern Celts Society do Charles Kelly Barrow PO Box 472 Zebulon, GA 30295.
(Make cheques payable to Charles Kelly Barrow.)
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $____,	a	one-time	donation.
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $____, and I pledge $______
per (month/year).
Name___________________________________________
Address ______________________________________
City_______________________________ State__________Zip_________
Telephone (__________)________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35401. We will then send you a personalised 'coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
Petition for Reparations to the South
The signatories hereto hereby petition The League of the South to provide them with legal representation as a class suing or petitioning the U.S. Government and/or its agents or agencies for reparations to Southerners of all races, creeds, and colors, for damages, compensatory and punitive, as a result of War Crimes committed by the United States and/or violations of the U.S. Constitution, generally from 1861 through 1876 inclusive.
As one of the signers hereof, I agree that if my direct ancestor is proven to have been directly damaged by said government, I will receive court awards, if any, specifically attributed to that event, and I hereby pledge 50% of said award (after litigation expenses are paid) to the Southern Education and Development Trust, which will be administered by Southerners for the benefit of all Southerners, be they black or white, brown, red or yellow, male or female, young or old. All general awards will go to the Trust for distribution or administration. NO FINANCIAL CONTRIBUTION IS SOLICITED.
(Please print or write legibly. Pennission to photocopy this petition is hereby granted. Please mail completed petitions to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404.)
STREET ADDRESS,
NAME	CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE	AREA CODE, PHONE
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
Please mail completed petitions to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404.
The Southern Bar Association
Dedicated to the Preservation and Extension Of Southern Liberty Under the Rule of Law
Join Us Today for a Free South Tomorrow!!!
The Association:
(1)	Coordinates Pro Bono Publico efforts in the fight for Southern Liberty and Independence under law;
(2)	Sponsors CLE programs for Attorneys and Paralegals;
(3)	Protects Southern Heritage through public education;
(4)	Promotes the study of the true legal history of the South;
(5)	Fosters Southern Legal Education with long-range plans for a fully accredited law school for Southern patriots.
The Association, a not-for-profit educational corporation (an application for tax exempt status is pending), also sponsors The Eleventh Amendment Forum, a new publication and internet site, devoted to the scholarly recovery of the propositions of true federalism. Look for subscription information in a forthcoming issue of the Southern Patriot and on the Dixienet website.
JOIN US!!!
For more information write to:
Don Bustion, Executive Director P.O. Box 954, Magnolia, Arkansas 71754 Or e-mail him at: Kershaw@magnolia-net.com