September-October 2001 VOL. 8 • \o. 5
THE LEAGI'E OF THE SOI TH Post Office Box 14184 Monroe. LA 71207
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. "
Jefferson Davis
^Resident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
The 2001 League of the South National Conference
The League of the South’s 8th annual national conference in Jackson. Mississippi, drew an enthusiastic crowd of some 200-225 Southern Nationalists. Because of recent events, our attendance was down slightly from last year (250-275); however, because of a more varied program—fewer speeches and much more music—the conference turned out to be much more stimulating and enjoyable. Next year’s conference will be held the 2nd weekend of October in the Greenville-Spartanburg area of South Carolina. Mark your calendar now!
We are indebted to several folks who made this year’s conference a success. Ron and Tami Holland of North Carolina handled our relations with the Jack-son Hilton and thus arranged for the League to get a percentage of the hotel room revenues. Jay Mowery and Pat Baughman of South Carolina handled the details for the debut meeting of the Circle of St. Andrew. The Circle honours those who have thus far contributed to the President’s Salary Fund, and I would like to thank Jay, Pat, and all those who have so generously contributed their time and money to help keep me in the field for the League and its cause. 1 will continue to do my best to live up to your expectations.
Thanks again to Alex Cheek of North Carolina who handled the MC duties flawlessly. Our gratitude also goes to Larry Smith and Nat Rudulph—Basic Grey-—whose original musical performances enlivened our spirits and moved our hearts. There is much wisdom and understanding evident in the music of Basic Grey, and they deserve your support. Also, we are indebted to Frank Walsh and Charles Johnston of the 12th Louisiana String Band for a rousing program on the Southern musical tradition. Their song “Scots Wha’ Hae/Con-federate Song" is truly inspirational, and its links to our ancestors in the age of Wallace and Bruce revive in us the fighting spirit of the Scottish people from whom many of us claim descent. Moreover, we thank Pat Baughman, Pat Patrick, LS piper Geoi^e Forsythe, and the performers of “The Spirit of the South" for the first-ever live performance of original selections from our new LS CD “Confederate Spirit.” This new material is so explosive that LS Board member Donnie Kennedy remarked that if we could bottle this stuff and make it available to the Southern public, then our independence would be soon in coming. Indeed, we ask you all to arrange for “The Spirit of the South” to be
Around the League	P	3
The Foundations of Cultural Restoration	p	4
The New League CD. Confederate Spirit	P	8
Diapering Dixie	P	9
The Circle of St Andrew	P	9
The Southern Arts and Artisans Hoedown	p.	9
Land of Beauty. Land of Song	P	10
2.
performed in your hometown. Let us know here in the national office if you’re interested and we’ll contact Pat Baughman and Pat Patrick.
We had five principal speakers at this year's conference: Rev. J. Steven
■f
Wilkins, “Foundations for Cultural RestorationDr. Clyde N. Wilson, “The Yankee Problem in American History;” Dr. Michael Hill, “As Long as the Union was Faithful to Her Trust;” Charley Reese, “Moving On Into the New World;” and John T. Cripps, “WWJD (What Would Jack-son Do): The Southern Tradition of Leadership.” Both audio- and videotapes of these presentation can be ordered from Jeff McCormack, c/o Apologia Services, PO Box 1031, Wiggins, Mississippi 39577. You can also order by phone at (601) 528-5094.
We also enjoyed the presentations of John Chodes on his newest LS Paper on Jabez Curry (all 7 LS Papers can be ordered via www.dixienet.org). Our thanks also go out to Kershaw Foundation attorney Don Bustion for his workshop on fundraising and to Ron Casteel of Missouri for his presentation to the LS State Chairmen on media relations.
The League Board of Directors gave its approval to a change in direction for our organisation. For the first seven years, we have concentrated on putting together a cadre of exceptional thinkers and activist leaders who could craft and articulate a vision for an independent South. We now, as it were, have the “head” in place; henceforth, we will endeavour to put together the “body” by focusing on better State and local organization and on increased activism on those levels. From the start, the League has sought to be a broad based Southern Nationalist movement, and.
God willing, that is what we now shall become. Our first goal must be to reclaim the hearts and minds of our people through education and cultural restoration. When we do this, the political question will take care of itself. While we seek to restore our own legitimate culture, we must also use every opportunity to delegitimise the bankrupt “culture” of the Establishment politicians, bureaucrats, intellectuals, and cultural and economic powerbrokers who have turned our republic (once based on the consent of the governed) into their own private criminal enterprise. We must convince Southerners (and other Americans of goodwill) that they have been played for fools by those who have usurped the authority of the Constitution for their own personal ends.
Our vision of a free Southern republic based on private property, free association, local and State sovereignty, fair trade, sound money tied to a gold standard, low taxes, equal justice before the law, the preservation of the right to keep and bear arms, secure borders, and armed and vigilant neutrality, is the antidote to the current centralized monstrosity that sucks the very life blood from our people. With God's blessing, we shall prevail and thus restore the dream of our Founding Fathers and our Confederate forefathers to this great land. I ask each League member to redouble his efforts to make our dream a reality. And remember: We are a nation by God’s own hand, we are the people of the Southland.
Your obedient servant.
Dr. Michael Hill
President
The League of the South
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the
League of the South
P. O. BOX 14184 MONROE, LA 71207 (800) 888-3163
email: president@dixienet.org
Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Rudulph Submissions must be in PC file or typewritten and sent to south2@juno.com or P. O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Thomas Fleming, Ph.D. Jack Kershaw, J.D.
Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
© 2(toI All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
For cultural distinctiveness the South
em Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 14184, Monroe. LA 71202. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of vour Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
vol. 8 • no. 5
Pa
ern ±atnot
Around the League
Upcoming League events are denoted by this symbol:	wT
If your state is not mentioned in this update, we may not have received a report.
Consider volunteering to be a liaison to report news and events in your state. The State Chairmen already have their hands full, and would be glad to appoint you or someone else to help in this important task.
FLORIDA
The Florida State League Meeting was held 22 Sept, in Fernandina Beach, Florida. About 100 were in attendance including a number of new members, and some joined at the meeting.
The FLS still has available window decals of the LS logo. See page 7.
GEORGIA
On 20 October the 5th annual Georgia League of the South picnic was held at Stone Mountain Park.
LOUISIANA
State Chairman Mark Thomey recently issued a press release cogently rejecting HR3162, the so-called"USA Patriotic Act of 2001 ”, because it de facto suspends much of the Bill of Rights. Contrary to what the bill’s proponents say, some of the provisions of this act do not expire in three years. Viiginia and Florida followed suit with similar press releases.
MISSOURI
Ron Casteel has accepted the position of Interim State Chairman of the Missouri League of the South. Ron has been a long-time LS member and has rendered good and effective service
for our organisation and cause. He will replace Lewis Goldberg, who tendered his resignation recently. We all thank Lewis for his term of service.
NORTH CAROLINA
LS activist Ben Rogers led the fight to petition the Stanly County Commissioners to recognise Confederate Memorial Day as a paid holiday. Ben will now head the committee organising events for the 10 May event. Other LS members, including Andy Deal, Thomas Kesler, Mike Tuggle, and Steve Poteat are involved in the planning.
The NCLS gathered nearly 1,300 names on the petition against slave reparations. The petitions were photocopied and presented with a cover letter to all North Carolina representatives, and releases were sent to all the newspapers in the Old North State. Members have received contact information along with action notices to write their representatives to vote against John Conyers bill.
New local chairman are Bernie Thuersam, Cape Fear Chapter (Wilmington) and Thomas Kesler, Salisbury Chapter.
SOUTH CAROLINA
23-24 November - The Official Grand Opening of The League Building and Cultural Centre in Abbeville. Dr Jim Kibler says they chose the date closest to 22 November when the Secession Mass Meeting was held in Abbeville in 1860.22 Nov this year is Thanksgiving Day. At the opening the founding of the building’s Secesion Press will be celebrated. The first title and a series of Southern broadsides are now in production. SEE PAGE 11 FOR THE FULL REPORT.
$T 8 December - Dr David Aiken
will read and sign from his edition of W. G. Simms’s THE GOLDEN CHRISTMAS. Time will be 10 a.m. til 4 p.m., with reading at II. Copies available for purchase at the store. In December, see an old-fashioned cedar Christmas tree, decorated like the people of Upcountry SC did it in the days before plastic and cheap Chinese slave-made ornaments and lights.
The SCLS State meeting was held on 2-3 November.
TENNESSEE
■wr Local Chapter meetings:
6 November, 6:30 pm, Jackson. Ryan's Steakhouse
8 November, 7:00 pm, Columbia, Western Sizzlin
13 November, 6:30 pm, Franklin, Shoneys
15 November, 7:00 pm, Knoxville, Shoneys on Clinton Hwy
& Booth at Bob Pope's Gun & Knife Show in Knoxville on Sat & Sun, 17 & 18 November
State Conference - It & 12 January 7:00 pm Friday, Banquet; 9:00 am Saturday, Conference at Super 8 Motel conference rooms in Franklin.
TEXAS
December 1st Hedge School in Waxahatchie, TX. Wayne Ballard is hosting this Hedge School. Contact him at ballardw@iqcisp.com.
1 January 2002 New Year's Day breakfasts for Texas chapters. Contact local chairmen, or the state chairman, Jeff Adams at 888-339-8422 for the location nearest you.
The Texas State Meeting in Waco, 15 September was a great success with about 100 in attendance. SEE THE FULL REPORT ON PAGE II.
Southern Patriot—---------------  4
The Foundations of Cultural Restoration
By Rev Steve Wilkins Monroe, Louisiana
Given at the National convention of the League of the South, 12 Oct 2001
Times of War are peculiar times of danger to constitutional liberty. One of the greatest threats to freedom in the modern era are the wars which have been fought for the stated purpose of “defending freedom." Since 1861, the Unitary State in this country has been virtually free from Constitutional restraints. With the general loss of moral character that proceeded through the twentieth century, this made the United State a particularly dangerous presence on the world scene. The “old world" (the world of liberty, limited government, individual freedom, a biblical view of law and justice) has been lost— and all our attempts to “make the world safe for democracy" have effectively destroyed the liberties our forefathers fought for and established in this land in 1776. The New Order has arrived.
It is important that we recognize the foundation upon which this new order is based. It is based, as all social orders are, upon religion. And in recent weeks, we have seen the emergence of the new, officially sanctioned religion of the empire— the “religion of tolerance."
The central characteristic of this religion is vehement intolerance against anyone who refuses to agree with its central tenets: no god is supreme, no one god is sovereign, no one way of salvation is any better than another, there is no infallible.
authoritative Word by which truth and error can be judged, all religions are equal and all should be honoured and tolerated in empire.
Truthfully, this has been the official religion for some time. What we have done in recent days is make explicit and formal what has been implicit for quite some time. We have openly acknowledged that the only religion you have the right to practice in this country is the religion of polytheism. If you refuse to acknowledge the legitimacy of all the gods, if you insist that there is one God who made heaven and earth and all men and rules over them and judges them, you are viewed as a dangerous fanatic whose spirit is precisely the same as those who fly| 747s into tall buildings. I
There is a rationale here that every pagan empire from Babylon on has understood. If all gods are equal and none is superior, that means that supreme authority resides only in the Empire itself.
The ultimate “God" is not the gods of the officially sanctioned religions but the Divinized State as it is incarnate in the persons of its rulers. To proclaim a sovereign God who created all things and has revealed Himself by an infallible Word that is absolutely true, is to be guilty of blasphemy and treason against the Empire. To build a supreme State which has authority to set minimum standards in every way of life and is not responsible to any standard above its own legislation, polytheism is essential. And consequently, the greatest threat to the well-being of the total empire are those who refuse to believe in the Lordship
of Caesar.
This was the problem with Christians in the Roman Empire. Rome prided itself in its freedom of religion, religious toleration and pluralism. All the gods were acknowledged, all were worshipped, each was viewed as one among equals, but Caesar was supreme over all. Caesar was Lord. This is what brought trouble upon the Christians. They were not persecuted because they were Christians or because they believed in Jesus, but because they denied the sanctioned polytheism and the Lordship of Caesar. They would have- been allowed to practice their religion, if they had been willing to say, “Caesar is Lord." But to confess that would have been to deny the faith
altogether. To acknowledge the legitimacy of others gods is to deny the true and living God. So they refused.
This meant that they became the supreme enemies of the empire. Their refusal to tolerate other religions and acknowledge them through Caesar, meant that they believed there was a God who was higher than Caesar and who could bring Caesar into judgment. This was a denial that salvation, prosperity, and blessing came from Caesar. For this reason, Christianity was viewed as an anti-patriotic, divisive, and intolerant. It declared that the empire was not supreme. God was supreme and He held all kings and rulers in the palm of His hand and would judge them if they ruled contrary to His will.
This doctrine brought down the persecution of the empire upon the

Historic Christianity is not only the greatest threat to totalitarianism, it is also the only foundation which is strong enough to sustain liberty.
Pa
ern ±atrwt
heads of Christians but it was also the doctrine that brought down the empire. We must remember this important lesson as we consider how to restore true freedom, undermine the empire and its claims and restoring a true constitutional republic again.
Historic Christianity (not the liberal, effeminate, gender-neutral religion which merely goes by the name, but historic Christianity) is not only the greatest threat to totalitarianism, it is also the only foundation which is strong enough to sustain liberty.
The goal of the League of the South is to promote the independence of the people of the South by all honourable means. If we are to be a free and independent people, we must have a culture robust enough and strong enough to appreciate true freedom and preserve it. At present, our culture is neither. Freedom demands boldness and courage, integrity and honour, diligence and hard work, love and loyalty, and a deep, sincere fear of God in order to exist.
Our goal therefore, is first to rebuild the culture. Independence will do you little good if you do not have a culture that understands independence and is willing to defend it. Given the present cultural condition of the South, independence would be practically worthless. Thus, what must be do to restore the culture?
1.	We must reject the State religion and embrace the true faith. We must reject the idols of the empire (money and power) and embrace the true and living God.
As long as we view Christianity as a nice option rather than an absolute necessity, we are no better than the idolaters around us. Jesus said, "I am
the way, the truth, and the life, no man comes to the Father but by Me.” This is not optional.
As long as we are unwilling to acknowledge the authority of the Bible as the standard of truth and error, we are no better than the idolaters around us. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Ifyou reject this, you line yourself up with those who have no absolutes. You say, “No, I believe in traditional values!” Really? What tradition would that be and since when is any particular “tradition” any more legitimate than another? Now, please, I know that Christian tradition is superior, but if 1 am not willing to say that it is the TRUTH on what basis can I maintain its superiority? To the world it is just one tradition among| many. Believing ini the authority of the Scriptures is not optional.
There is no other god and we must stop pretending that there is. The true God is the One who created all things. If we accept evolution, we are no better than the idolaters around us. On what basis can there be any truth or error if evolution is true? If evolution is true, there can be no absolutes, right is on the side of the strongest and truth is established at the point of a gun. To reject God as creator is to embrace ethical and moral chaos and, consequently, to pave the way for totalitarianism. This is why evolution is essential to the maintenance of the Empire. If there is no Creator, then again, the Empire can be sovereign. If there is a Creator, the empire must be under Him. All gods must be subordinate to the empire for
the empire to make its claim of total sovereignty.
We must acknowledge that there is only one God who is the father of our Lord Jesus Christ and the sender of the Holy Spirit. The historic Christian doctrine of the Trinity prevents Christianity from becoming a religion of force. Because God is one and three, there is community, love and fellowship in Him. Because He is both one and many, and both are equally ultimate in Him, the ancient problem of the one and the many finds its solution only in Him. Under the God of the Bible you can have both unity and diversity. Only under Trinitarianism can you have a unity which doesn’t destroy legitimate diversity and a diversity which doesn’t
undermine necessary unity.
Unitarianism declares that God is one, but since there are no persons in the godhead, God is reduced to an impersonal force. There can be no love in God (his monism makes it impossible to love himself) and consequently, the culture aligned with this god becomes cruel and heartless. Unitarianism promotes unity only by force. This is why the refusal to recognize the Triune God by our country is so disturbing.
The “god” being invoked in our ecumenical, flag-draped services, as one of my friends has written, “has no name, no Son, no law to be obeyed, no demands, no promises, no personality, no character, no being. He is a shill, a front-man for politicians, a paper doll
The “god” being invoked in our ecumenical, flag-draped services, has no name, no Son, no law to be obeyed, no demands, no promises, no personality, no character, no being.
given to the people to amuse themselves while their dwindling freedoms are eroded even further.” This god who is constantly called upon to bless America is not the God of the Bible (He has been carefully cast aside). The god invoked in “God Bless America” is merely the invention of Irving Berlin, with no existence outside of the minds of those who pray to him.
What must we do? If you don’t want to be like them, you must first and foremost repent of this idolatry and return to the Lord. We must become faithful members of faithful churches and worship the Lord faithfully every Lord’s Day. Christian worship is the most subversive activity to the totalitarian Empire. Which is one of the reasons it is always outlawed when an empire becomes serious about enforcing its sovereignty. Rome understood quite clearly the subversive power of Christian worship. It is far more effective than political lobbying.
When we worship the God of the Bible we are worshiping the Creator and Ruler of all the nations. He is the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and thus, all rulers are accountable to Him and will be judged by Him.
By our worship we declare to the world that our supreme allegiance is not to a particular nation but to the Creator of all. We declare plainly that the empire is not supreme.
By our belief in and acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God and the one rule of faith and life, we are declaring that the Empire’s legislation is not the ultimate standard of good and evil — indeed, the legislation of men is always
subject to the judgment of God’s Word.'—
By our worship of God we declare that the State is not the Savior, the provider, nor our primary protector. We acknowledge that our help is in the name of the Lord who made heaven and earth.
When we worship the true God, we are in a position to call the Empire to repentance. The God of tolerance is not big enough to hold a King or President accountable, much less demand his allegiance.
If there is not one God, then the State must be supreme, and all the gods must be content to gather under the nation. But if there is one God and Creator of all things, then all the nations must be under Him. Ultimately the only
defense against totalitarian empires is Christianity. And this is why Christians will be grouped together with the fanatical followers of Islam — both refuse to acknowledge the supremacy of the Empire.
The war in which we are presently engaged is very much a religious war.
It is a war to determine whose religion will define the world and life. Who will be “Lord”? The enemies of the empire are not merely Islamic murderers but all those who believe in a cause bigger than the empire and who will live their lives for the glory of someone other than Caesar.
This is why liberal Christianity is no threat to the empire. If you deny that God is the Creator and is Sovereign or that He has revealed Himself authoritatively and infallibly in His Word, then ultimately there is little
difference in your god and Zeus or Venus or Baal and Ashteroth. If your god is not sovereign, ultimate authority must reside elsewhere and ultimately it will reside with the man or institution that can gather the most force. This is why most Americans truly worship the State. When something goes wrong, they look to the State to rectify it and provide security.
When Christ is rejected and God disbelieved, the people do not become non-religious. They simply embrace another god. Their true god is the one they call upon for explanation, comfort and solutions. The imperial State is clearly the deity of modern, post-Christian man.
If you are not willing to return to the historic Christian faith, you will not be able to build a culture that values or is able to sustain freedom. You are part of the problem and at this basic point, you are in agreement with the enemy.
2.	We must devote ourselves to building faithful families. We must give ourselves to building faithful. God-honouring marriages and becoming wise and diligent parents to our children. The family is the basic building block of society. It is man’s first state, his first church, and his first school. What we learn in the family shapes our views of the world and life. Errors here have serious repercussions elsewhere. One of the reasons we are finding such implicit faith in the empire to provide is that there are no lesser loyalties. There is no allegiance to the church or the family. Men will seek their identity in the State.
We must take seriously the marriage covenant. There is nothing better, says the writer of Ecclesiastes, than that a man rejoice with the wife of his youth. No man can be trusted who will not

The most important thing we will ever do in this life is train the children God gives us.
«	Kf
them Pa
atriot
keep his marriage vows. It is the height of hypocrisy for a man to cheat on his wife and then complain that the president is not abiding by the Constitution or lies or has no integrity. Where marriage vows are not kept, no man’s word can be trusted, and godly culture is impossible.
We must train our children and equip them to live faithfully and labour in a holy calling. The most important thing we will ever do in this life is train the children God gives us. Very few of us will do things that have lasting effects upon the world, but everyone who has children will effect the world for good or ill for thousands of years.
Strong families undermine centralism more effectively than any law or political maneuver. Cultures are built around strong families. If you neglect your family, you are worse than an infidel— you are part of the problem.
3.	We must secure faithful education for our children. How can you expect children who are bold, courageous, faithful, diligent, respectful of tradition, honoring their heritage, when you send them to be educated by those who have no respect for any of these things? What are we thinking? If you allow a gardener to spray poison on your plants, why are you angry that they bear no fruit? How can we be upset that our children have no morals, no principles, no reformational vision, when we send them to atheistic, secular schools? When you allow unbelievers and barbarians to train your children why are you surprised that they act like unbelievers and barbarians?
Why should they love what you love when you have entrusted their education to those who by and large hate what you love?
Why should they care about truth and morality when they have been taught that there is no absolute truth and that morality consists of simply doing what feels right to you?
Why are we surprised that children in public schools would bring weapons and try to kill their fellow students? If you have been told that other people are nothing but sacks of protoplasm, which have no souls, who will have no existence beyond this life, why would you have any principled objection to murder other than simply being a little squeamish or having a fear of going to jail?
Why are we surprised that children who are taught that it’s permissible to kill babies while they’re still in the womb if they are inconvenient, will seek to kill others who inconvenience them? Why are we surprised that children who are told that the greatest love of all is learning to love yourself, are irdifferent to human suffering or the plight of others around them?
Jesus said to render to Caesar the things that belong to Caesar— i.e. those things that God has put under Caesar’s authority. Our children are not among those things. It is time that we remove our children from the unholy influence of government schools. We must build our own schools which are actually concerned with imparting the tools of learning rather than mere bald-faced, secular indoctrination. We must reclaim the education of our children and teach them again about truth, beauty, and holiness.
In this way we will reclaim the arts (literature, music, the theatre, movies). We must tell our stories and tell them well and sing our songs again. You can’t expect children to sing the Lord’s song when they spend the majority of
the week singing the songs of unbelief.
If these things are done, then politics is put in its place. If these things are done, it really matters little what goes on in Foggy Bottom. The world will be changed "not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit" says the Lord. If we are a people who fear God, then the petty bureaucratic mobsters of the empire will not be able to intimidate us, nor will they be able to distract us from our goals and calling.
If we have solid families, children who understand what it means to honour father and mother and fathers and mothers who are worthy of honour — we won’t need a fraudulent social security system for security in old age.
When we build (or rebuild) a culture of stability, kindness, generosity, love and beauty, nothing will be able to overwhelm us. God will bless us and we will have nothing else to fear.
The Florida League of the South is offering attractive 3" by 3" window decals of the League’s Logo. They are available from P O Box 15007, Panama City, Florida 32406-5007, The price for League members is fifty cents (50 cents) each on orders of 10 or more. Make all checks payable to Florida League of the South.
fhe League of the South
How to Order the New League CD, CONFEDERATE SPIRIT
MICHAEL HILL SAYS
"Every member should get this CD, and another for a friend."
DONNIE KENNEDY SAYS
"If we could bottle this stuff and make it available to the Southern public, then our independence would be soon in coming."
JAY MOWERY SAYS
"You will want a copy for gifts, and a copy to give to friends to introduce them to the notion of Southern independence through the message of songs."
SPIRIT OF THE SOUTH was previewed for the League Conference attendees in Jackson. This musical performance, done in a style reminiscent of the pre-Eisner Disney productions, and as every bit professional, has the potential to help rebuild the culture and advance Southern Nationalism through a marketable product. Call the League office about getting the live production to come to your city or town stage.
The new League CD, CONFEDERATE SPIRIT features some of the songs from the performance. Seven of them are new, original Southern songs speaking to the issue of our independence. Bamberg County South Carolina League member J. Pat Baughman wrote the 7 new ones and friends in Nashville produced and recorded the CD.
The song titles are: Southern Anthem*, Dixie, Cheer Boys Cheer, Bonnie Blue Flag. Southern Wagon, The Starry Cross*, Flight Of Yankee Doodles, Battle Cry Of Freedom, Hurrah For Davis And Lee, Here Comes The Alabama*, Mama's Tears*, Let Me Tell You Of Our Flag*, They'll Never Get The Seed*, Deep In My Heart*. Confederate Piper, Amazing Grace, Confederate Piper Medley.
* New songs, lyrics by SCLoS member J. Pat Baughman.
Our SCLoS Piper George Forsythe is featured in the hymn Amazing Grace and plays a medley of songs.
Order the League CD today by mailing $ 15 plus $ 1.75 S&H to SCLoS P. O. Box 5458, Aiken, SC 29804
Conference Awards
The following League of the South Awards were presented at our 8th annual national conference in Jackson on 12 October:
The Robert E. Lee Award for Duty:
Mark Atkins Mark Bryant Alex Cheek James Garner Scott Goldsmith Robert Hayes Dr. James E. Kibler Jim Lear
Jack & Gerri Lipthratt Ray McBerry Star Mowery Nat Rudulph
The Stonewall Jackson Annual State Chairman Award:
Jay Mowery,
South Carolina LS
The Jefferson Davis Southern Nationalist Lifetime Achievement Award:
Dr. Clyde N. Wilson Walter Donald Kennedy James Ronald Kennedy
The means of defence against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home.
1 James Madison
them Pa
atriot
Diapering Dixie
w

Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents r—.. .	of	the	following
Lj /	newly	arrived
Southern patriots. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
Thomas Raymond McBerry, 111 9 August 2001 1st child of Ray & Sarah McBerry 77 Hampton St. McDonough, Georgia 30253
Circle of St Andrew
The Circle of Saint Andrew has been formed to acknowledge those who make significant financial contributions to support Dr Hill and his work, enabling us to have a full-time president. The Circle of Saint Andrew is open to all who contribute $600 or more annually to the Presidential Salary Fund.
The initial meeting of the Circle of St Andrew was a reception held at the 2001 National Conference in Jackson, Mississippi. At the reception, all those who have contributed $600 or more to the Presidential Salary Fund in any of the past 3 years was presented with a Circle of St Andrew lapel pin. A reception will be held annually at the national conference exclusively for Circle members.
Circle members will also receive a personal letter each quarter from Dr Hill
on matters regarding the League, the League Institute, projects, and agenda.
The LS Board of Directors urges all who do not yet qualify for membership in the Circle of St Andrew to make an appropriate pledge or to upgrade their current pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund. A form can be found on p. 8 of this issue.
On behalf of Dr Hill and his family, the LS Board of Directors thanks you for your material and moral support.
The Southern Arts & Artisans Hoedown
WHAT ism
The Southern Arts & Artisans Hoedown would be a 4 day gathering of artists and artisans and Southerners of every stripe and kind culminating in a Confederate Ball. We would invite any Southern artist or artisan to come share and sell his work, and join us in celebrating Southern culture.
WHAT'S THE POINT OF IT?
To promote Southern culture personally by participating and observing, rather than merely discussing and studying. We want to attract writers, poets, musicians, painters, craftsmen, the more the merrier and the wider the diversity the better. Yes, this will be a “cultural” event, and, yes, it will be “educational,” but most of all it will be fun, a time we can get together to enjoy ourselves against the relaxing background of Southern culture. We could like to make it the central League event of this year, different from the national or state meetings but a place where families and individuals can
meet, visit, and have a bodacious good time they will never forget.
WHEN IS IT?
Labour Day weekend, 2002, Thursday through Sunday. There will be a worship service on Sunday.
WHERE IS IT?
We would host the hoedown on our farm in Middle Tennessee. We are located nearly dead center of the entire Confederacy, and easily accessible from several interstate & government highways. We are just a few miles east of the Natchez Trace Parkway. The Balm of Gilead Farm comprises 65 acres in the middle of hills and hollers.
WHERE CAN YOU STAY?
Nearby towns are Lawrenceburg, Tennessee (“Crossroads of Dixie"), Waynesboro, Tennessee, and Florence, Alabama, all of which have various hotels. We will also make available primitive camping here on the Balm of Gilead Farm.
‘Throughout the history of the United States, war has been the primary impetus behind the growth and development of the central state. It has been the lever by which presidents and other national officials have bolstered the power of the state in the face of tenacious popular resistance.’ from War and the Rise of the State
by Bruce Porter
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (334)875-1552
Land of Beauty, Land of Song by Stephen A. Hammack, 1996
Poet
Land of Beauty, Land of Song,
Land where sweet magnolias throng,
A lifetime I’ve been nursed by you And even midst ruins I shall be true!
Land
I've heard the distant harps arise From their silent tombs, I know the sighs Of fabled love in times of yore,
And knightly heroes on distant shore,
But not epic in mediaeval verse Nor ballad provencal could e'er rehearse My tales of patriots and beauty in vain And a Golden Age that won’t come again. Poet
The whisper of secrets of long ago:
Those age old truths I believe and know They'll come into their own and all
Words of Warning - General Patrick Cleburne, 1864 "We have now been fighting for nearly three years, have spilled much of our best blood, and lost, consumed or thrown to the flames an amount of
property equal in value to the specie currency of the world-
If this state continues much longer we must be subjugated. Every man ought to endeavour to understand the meaning of subjugation before it is too late. We can give but a faint idea when we say it means the loss of all we now hold most sacred.,. property, lands, homesteads, liberty, justice, safety, pride, manhood. It means that the history of this heroic struggle will be written by the enemy; that our youth will be taught by Northern school teachers; will learn from Northern school books their version of the war; will be impressed by all the influences of history and education to regard our gallant dead as traitors, or maimed veterans as fit objects for derision. It means the crushing of Southern manhood, the hatred of our former slaves, who will, on a spy system, be our secret police. The conqueror’s policy is to
divide the conquered into factions and stir up animosity among them--
It is said slavery is all we are fighting for, and if we give it up we give up all. Even if this were true, which we deny, slavery is not all our enemies are fighting for. It is merely the pretense to establish sectional superiority and a more centralized form of government, and to deprive us of our rights and liberties."
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
(Clip and Mail)
Here’s my part to help Dr Hill continue as full time LS President
The lies that prop up men’s deeds shall fall!
Land
Out of my womb will I send forth a man Who shall raise up his people,
'gainst tyranny stand;
His face shall light up the Potomacon shore -‘Ancestor's avenged!' this lion shall roar.
His fame shall resound to the depths of Hell,
And demons shall cower, in their fires turning pale. Who is this hero that goes 'gainst the world?
It is he by whom St. Andrew’s unfurled!
Poet
Sweet Land, 0 Mother, my hope you have freed:
I shall go to do battle with word and by deed;
With all of my might I will ever proclaim The Rebirth of My Country, the Phoenix’s Flame!
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $_______, and I pledge
$_____________per	(month/year).
Enclosed is (cheque /m.o.) for $_______one-time	donation.
Name____________________
Address
Cit*^ _________________State__________Zip________
Telephone (_____)___
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207. We will then send you a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
them Pa
atnot
League Building Cultural Centre Update and Calendar
By Dr Jim Kibler,
Building Coordinator
Even before opening officially, we are signing up new members for the League. One member hails from Oconee County, South Carolina. Another from Laurens. One is from Florida. Many tourists and locals come by each day to say hello and take a look. They promise to return when we are open for business.
Perhaps even more exciting is that two Southern families from the Southern diaspora in the North, encouraged by the success of the League Building and the Southemness of the town, are relocating back South here in Abbeville to raise their families. One has purchased a large farm outside Abbeville. They closed last week and came by the building to share the good news. We were properly cheered by the news. We at the Building are delighted and look forward to having these good Southerners with us close beside. They were the largest money donors to the League Building and Southern Cultural Centre and have been long time supporters of the League. Great news indeed!
Robert Hayes, The League Building Manager, has worked from dawn to dark daily since July. It must be noted that he has not received a penny for this labour. It has been done out of a devotion rare indeed. (And he doesn’t complain much!) Incidentally, he could still use help.
We now have a consignment receipt form for those wishing to sell quality Southern items through the store. We are interested in your Southern books.
antiques, memorabilia, collectables, etc.
The shelves are now being stocked with Southern used, rare, and new books. Southern art. Confederate throws, lecture and music tapes and CDs and videos from Apologia Shoppe. Visit us for your Christmas gifts. We have Gift Certificates on Confederate money, so that Confederate currency will still be in circulation. These will make excellent Christmas gifts for the person who has everything. (Easy to wrap too).
Stop in and visit The League Building, 107 North Main Street, when in Abbeville. Phone us at (864) 492-2395
Authors are already being lined up for January through the Spring of 2002. Very exciting news to follow. Catch the excitement! More fun than football!
LEAGUE MEMBERS—this is your home away from home. Come and share the hospitality for which the South is legendary. From our experience in Abbeville thus far, we can say that no more Southern or hospitable place exists than this real community. At this point, we feel we have chosen our site well.
Visit LeagueBuilding@SCLoS.org.
Texas League Success
By Jeff Adams, Texas Stale Chairman
We had the largest attendance I’ve ever seen at a Texas state conference (close to 90 people), and there were a number of folks who were not League members, but several were before they left. We have the fact that Howard Phillips was one of the speakers to thank for this (along with Donnie Kennedy and Dr. Hill). Reaching out to another organisation helped pull
some of their folks into our conference to hear “their man" and it benefited both organisations in the end.
We had the largest attendance of a Leadership meeting associated with a state conference ever. Besides the folks being motivated to get involved, I think holding it right after the conference ended helped considerably. All this, along with the books our chapter put out to sell, helped to generate almost $800 after expenses for the state chapter, which will be put to good use with political campaigns coming up, and the idea of offering “scholarships" to high school and college students to attend Hedge Schools in Texas.
With folks motivated from the conference, we are looking at eight people around Texas wanting to host Hedge Schools (it would be nice to hold 8 Hedge Schools next year across Texas), and people stepping up wanting to start 6-8 new local chapters around the state. Overall, it was a huge success.
Lessons learned for me were:
1.	Plan well ahead to allow for promoting the event.
2.	Get the best speakers possible, hopefully some high profile folks.
3.	Reach out to like-minded groups to get some “cross-pollenization” of people and ideas.
4.	Make sure you have plenty of material to sell and/or give out to folks.
5.	Hold a Leadership meeting in conjunction with the conference to lock in commitments from current leaders as well as those wanting to step into leadership positions.
6.	Be sure and give recognition to those who earned it and need it.
12
Southern Patriot
From the Editor
Change of address information for this newsletter should be sent to PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207
All other newsletter correspondence should be sent to P O Box 2517, Selma, AL 36702-2517.
This includes essays, news, coming events, and any other items such as 'Diapering Dixie' information that you wish published in this newsletter.
If you are thinking of sending a submission to SOUTHERN PATRIOT, remember that an electronic file form, PC format only, is the best way. It can be e-mailed to south2@juno.com. A disk, CD, or typewritten submission may also be mailed to P O Box 2517, Selma, AL 36702-2517.
Don’t forget that the League now
has the capability of accepting credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet.org) and following the online directions.
To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the SOUTHERN PATRIOT, please note that the first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a ‘Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online, or mail to PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207
Again, I must apologise for the lateness of this issue. We hope to be back on a regular schedule soon.
For Dixie,
Nat Rudulph Editor
League Redshirts A Hit
Dr Hill opened the National Conference in Jackson wearing one. And Donna Jamison of Sweet Southern Belies stayed busy taking orders. You and your chapter can have your own design, specially hand crafted by a LS member. With every item purchased a donation will be made to the LS. Sweet Southern Belles Rt 1 Box 459 Bluefield, Va 24605 (540)326-6728 sweetsouthernbelles@hotmail.com
NEW SIGNUPS WITH THE LS/LDA LONG DISTANCE PROGRAM.
AUGUST:
Grandfather's House. Carthage, Texas H. P. Porter, Carthage, Texas Graham I. Banks, Branchville, S. Carolina Terry & Theresa Phillips, Havana. Florida Jeb Hennessey. Oxford, Pennsylvania Joshua Landt, Waynesville, North Carolina Roy Williams, N. Augusta, South Carolina Charles F. Williamson. Milton, Florida
J.	Y. Sanders. Jr. Baton Rouge, Louisiana Tom Waldrup, Waterloo, South Carolina
K.	Ouane McGuffey, Grand Prairie, Texas Randy Borill, Denham Springs, Louisiana Jeffrey V. Adams, Humble. Texas
Kirk S. Cooley, Westminster. S. Carolina Westley Grady Rhodes, Jr. Fultondale, Ala. SEPTEMBER
Jerry Lashley, Goodwater, Alabama James L. Jones, Jacksonville. Florida Loyd Fulmer, Muscle Shoals. Alabama Greg Gentry. Fort Benning, Georgia Eddie Zeigler, Orangeburg, S. Carolina
The total commission paid by LDA to the League of the South is $6,242.64. The year-to-date total (September 2000 to September 2001) is $1,744.10.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
COMMISSION RATE 5 TO 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southern causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BI6I
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing: pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSE!
Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA.
Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
THIS MtllKH WtILI
wt HERE at Action me NEWS feel r <j important to UNDERSTAND WHAT coi»-t> ls«'551Bs.Tr PSfVfc frt£3£ TERSoRfS-TS To COMMIT SUCift MON5TRPW5 CRIMES
AOAMttT HUMANTTf--
--TO EXAMINE THEiR BELIEFS ANt> tvr thLM IN HISTORICAL context so that might Avoid a REPEAT of THE TEAHI&LE Events of SEPTEMBER it.		
		
		
EBKERt	■v-	iKHf
	/ 'V'- S, P	
		
i JM m .		
by TOM TOMORROW
THAT'S WHY V^VE ASKED CORRESPONDENT NAVW MCDONALD TO GIVE, OS AW IN-DEPTH L0OK AT THE MOTIVES BEHIND TR£S£ SEEMIMG-l‘< INCOMPREHENSIBLE ACTS. WANM?
well, THA>Ati For THAT £Y£-oP£n-
IWfi REPORT, WAN&A f x think WE MIGHT BE TALKING PUUTIER MATERIAL HLHti
PSHAW! IM JUST DOING MY JOfl,
Blfff
that toujyj WANDA! THAT tou A/?£;
Southern Events
Journal of the Alabama League of the South Only $15.00 for a one year subscription League members $15.00 for a year and a half
Southern Events P. O. Box 2517 Selma, Alabama 36702