.1 u I > - August I *>*>s
M il > 5 • NO. 4
i m I.i \<.i i <>i i in Soi i ii
Post Office Box 40«)|0 fuMaloosa. \L J5404-INI»
We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause."
Jefferson Davis
I^esident’s message....
Dr Michael Hilt Tuscaloosa, Alabama
E. 0.13083: FEDERALISM?
President Clinton signed Executive Order 13083 entitled ‘Federalism’ while in Birmingham, England, for the G-7 Conference in May of this year. Until quite recently virtually no one had paid any notice, certainly not the Establishment media. But now certain members of the U. S. Congress and the state governments, thanks to the ‘underground’ media of the Internet—including our own ‘Dixienet’—have begun to pay attention.
On the surface, parts of EO 13083 sound innocuous enough. The first two sections, believe it or not, actually reiterate the principles of federalism as contained in the Constitution. For example, in Section 2 (b), it reads: ‘The Constitution created a Federal Government of... limited powers. The sovereign powers not granted to the Federal Government are reserved to the people or to the States... .* But before you applaud the President’s acknowledgment of the founding document he swore to uphold, read on. EO 13083 radically departs from the Constitution in subsection (d): ‘The people of the States are at liberty, subject only to the limitations in the Constitution itself or in Federal law [italics mine], to define the moral, political, and legal character of their lives.’
The question posed is: What is ‘Federal law?* The President tells us in Section 3 (d) that it is whatever Leviathan says it is: ‘It is important to recognize the distinction between matters of national or multi-state scope (which may justify Federal action [italics mine]), and matters that are merely common to
the States____’ Among these matters that may ‘justify’ Federal action include
‘When there is a need for uniform national standards [say, homosexual marriages recognised uniformly in all states]... When decentralization increases the costs of government thus imposing additional burdens on the taxpayer ... When States have not adequately protected individual rights and liberties... [and] When placing regulatory authority at the State or local level would undermine regulatory goals [a field day for the radical environmentalists]---’
It should be obvious that if EO 13083 becomes effective, and it will in mid-November if not struck down by a two-thirds vote in Congress, it will completely destroy the fragile remains (already dust and ashes) of American Federalism. Incurable optimism leads me to think that perhaps this ruthless coup against the Constitution will be the very thing to awaken lethargic Americans, too many of which are our own Southern brethren. But even if that is not to be, we must make people aware of the threat
The proper vehicles for opposing EO 13083 arc our state governments. You can find the complete text of EO 13083 on Dixienet (www.dixienetorg), and
B
em ±atnot
I encourage you to inform your governor and legislature about it Since most state officials are conditioned to meekly accept Federal dictates, this course may be a forlorn hope. Nonetheless, we must as 'watchmen on the wall,’ sound the alarm. Since Congress almost certainly will not strike down this edict (too many Clinton Democrats and compliant Republicans), we should concentrate our energies on alerting state officials.
President Ronald Reagan signed an EO on federalism in the 1980s that reiterated the sovereign rights of the states, though Reagan actually did little to curb central power. Clinton’s new EO is a blatant slap-in-the-face to states rights, and the comments of Presidential aide Paul Begala should send chills down the spine of anyone who reveres the rule of Constitutional law. Speaking directly of EO 13083, Begala said: ‘Stroke of the pen, law of the land.
Kinda cool.* This is the language of the velvet-gloved tyrant. If states rights are destroyed, then there is no possibility of reforming the system from within; the only remaining path to restoration of liberty is through the states seeking their independence from a consolidated government that is bound no longer by Constitutional limitations.
EO 13083 is an item that our ancestors would not have tolerated for an instant. If the Congress refuses to overturn it in November, states rights will be a dead letter. This is the sort of
constitutional crisis that we perhaps should welcome. Now that the Empire has exposed its grand design, it should be easier to convince our people that Southern independence is a viable option—is indeed, the only remaining viable option. Perhaps we should be happy that with EO 13083 the tyrant finally has slithered out into the open.
Late Development:
The prospects of protecting and advancing Southern culture have just been given a much-needed boost. The Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV) has approved an affiliation policy that allows it to cooperate with the League in non-political matters. Gauging from the actions of the latest SCV national convention in early August, the old guard there is on its way out, and the organisation appears ready to work with us as a fellow pro-South group. This is good news long overdue. Our policy from the beginning has been to encourage men to belong to both the League and the SCV, since the two organisations have different basic goals. However, on issues such as the preservation and advancement of Southern culture, there is no reason why we cannot now work together. Indeed, the League looks forward to establishing good relations with those SCV leaders and members who also believe in the League and its purpose.
♦ ♦♦
1
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
Editor: Sara Hill P.O. Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910 tel: (800)888-3163 or (205)553-0155 fax: (205)553-2155 e-mail: 76071.326® compuserve.com DixieNet webpage: w ww.dixienet.org/
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill. Pli.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Thomas Fleming, Pli.D.
Jack Kershaw, J.I). Gradv McWhincy. Ph.D. Waller I), Kenned)
Rev J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
. \U rights reserved. Permission to reprint articles herein is granted on the condition that si/cli reprints give lull credit to the League of the South, supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author's name. The League oj the South requests copies of reprints.
For cultural distinctiveness the Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: 1b insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern ftoA dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label. Annual dues amounts are listed on page 8.