mnot
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause”
Jefferson Davis
January - February 2001 \oi.. s • NO. I
mi: Lkagi i: ok tin: Sol i h
Post Office Iio\ 40910 Tuscaloosa, A I. 35404-0910
R
resident’s message.
Dr Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
• • •
REDESIGNING FLAGS, RECONSTRUCTING BORDERS
The opponents of our Southern heritage have managed now to win two high-profile ‘victories’ in South Carolina and Atlanta (I do not say ‘Georgia,” because the real ‘Georgia' had no say in the matter of their State flag). But while the NAACP, Jesse Jackson, the Chamber of Commerce, and the GOP go about their business of removing our symbols, another more serious threat to our liberty is gaining quiet momentum, and that is the concerted effort to abolish the borders of our States.
In 1990, for instance, the people of Mississippi were hoodwinked into passing a constitutional amendment abolishing the State borders. The amendment in question was put forth with no fanfare and was buried among some two dozen others designed to ‘reform’ the fundamental law of the State. At that time, there was no organized opposition, and thus no public outcry. I only learned of this outrage last year after talking with our LS of Mississippi chairman, Rev John Cripps. Further research into the matter revealed that no statute was passed in the wake of the amendment to restore Mississippi’s borders; thus the Magnolia State is now regrettably a legal fiction. (For details on this sorry episode, see Rev Cripps’s web site at www.freemississippi.org).
Much to my chagrin (but not to my surprise), I learned recently that a bill had been pre-filed in the Alabama House of Representatives (HB 64) to do the same to the borders of my own State. HB 64, sponsored by Rep. Jack Venable (D.-Dist. 31), if passed into law, would introduce a constitutional amendment to repeal Article II of the 1901 Alabama Constitution. Article II defines the boundaries of the State of Alabama and its counties. The language of the proposed amendment reads as follows: ‘Article II of the Constitution of Alabama of 1901 is repealed.’
When I asked Rep. Venable about the rationale for repealing Article II, he told me that it was intended to make it easier for Alabama to comply with Federal court rulings in regard to naturally occurring geological shifts that sometimes necessitate slight adjustments to existing boundaries (e.g. the shifting mouth of the Perdido River or Big Bear Creek). Venable seemed puzzled when I asked him if he realized that his advocacy of HB 64 would, in effect, remove from the citizens of Alabama the right to determine their own borders and consequently make the U. S. Government the determiner of that question.
After some digging around, I found that Rep. Venable is playing the catspaw here for more powerful forces in the State, namely Speaker of the House Seth Hammett (D.-Dist. 92) and Democratic Governor Don Siegelman. Who manipulates the carrot or stick for these two men is anyone’s guess.
Rep. Venable tried to soothe my mind by sending me a copy of a bill he plans to introduce this session that would define Alabama’s borders by statute rather than by the current Article II of our Constitution. My fears, however, were not allayed.
Venable’s dual proposal raises two important questions: 1) Why must the sovereign State of Alabama (or any other State) give up its constitutionally-protected rights to define its own borders in order to comply with possible Federal court mandates? This dubious action would be an admission that it is the Imperial regime, and not the people of Alabama, who have authority to determine the very existence of the State. And 2) What would happen should HB 64 become law, but Venable’s companion bill to protect the State’s borders by statute, fail to pass? The adoption of one bill does not guarantee the adoption of another.
Should Article II be repealed and nothing substituted in its place, then Alabama would be left without legally defined borders and the State would, like Mississippi and perhaps other States, become a legal fiction. The loss of our borders might lead to all sorts of mischief in relation to our rights as a sovereign State when challenged by Washington, DC, or by various international agencies such as the United Nations. A State lacking legally definable borders can make no claim to jurisdiction or sovereignty. This is a dangerous proposition for Alabama or any other State.
The League of the South encourages its leaders and members to be ever vigilant for similar political machina-
tions in your own State. Be especially wary of those who call for constitutional ‘reform’ on the grounds that your present document is ‘archaic.’ Consider appointing someone in your chapter to scrutinize the actions of your legislature. We did this in Alabama, and consequently we got a quick start in opposing HB 64. However, more is required of us than simply reacting to our opponents’ offensive tactics.
I believe it is past time for us to take the offensive in pushing legislation to secure the sovereignty of our respective States. In Louisiana a few years back, the League was instrumental in the adoption of a State Sovereignty Amendment. Moreover, David Jones and the LS of Tennessee have found two legislators to co-sponsor our State Sovereignty Bill (see the full text of this bill on www.dixienet.org). These two weapons-state sovereignty amendments and our State Sovereignty Bill-could be used in tandem with the introduction of amendments to permanently protect our State borders. Remember, without States Rights we have no rights at all, and without borders we have no States.
Please help us defeat HB 64 by calling Rep. Jack Venable’s office at (334) 242-7674, or by calling other legislators at the State House in Montgomery at (334) 242-7600.
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (800) 888-3163.
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
Editor: Sara Hill P.O. Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910 tel: (800) 888-3163 or (205) 553-0155 fax: (205) 553-2155 e-mail: president@dixienet.org DixieNet webpage: www.dixienet.org
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Thomas Fleming, Ph.D. Jack Kershaw, J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
« » 200! All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints give full credit to the League of the South, supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
For cultural distinctiveness the Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation. Delivery Policy: Please notify us In advance of a change of address. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To Insure uninterrupted delivery of vour Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label. Annual dues amounts are listed on page 11.
The Georgia Flag Fight ... Just Beginning
contributed by Jim Arp Georgia State Chairman Silver Creek, Georgia
Dear Fellow Southrons:
I have just left the Capital and a conversation with Charles Lunsford and Rusty Henderson, who have been good compatriots in our fight for our heritage and our flag!
Do not be disheartened about this loss. The ugly flag will not last long. We did our duty and fought as hard as we could, lobbying and press releasing and demonstrating. This was a joint effort by the SCV, The HPA, The Southern Party of Georgia, as well as the LOS of Georgia. This was a battle lost, but we are not whiners about our losses. And we remember that our goal is Southern Independence—at which time we will have our symbols.
The Republican Party lost a great opportunity to hang this flag change on the Democrats and win us over, but they didn’t. The Demos, under King Roy, pulled out every strong-arm tactic imaginable to intimidate and cajole the members of both houses. The cost of pork to pay off this flag change to Georgia taxpayers will be enormous. Secret deals with Jesse Jackson a year ago were also part of this despicable political plot.
We will remember our friends in the
Legislature when the next election rolls around in 2002. We will work untiringly through the Georgia Heritage Coalition to elect a new Governor and Lt. Governor who will defend our heritage. We will not forget each person who voted to change our flag and we will write letters to our local editors reminding our people who the turncoats are.
The fight does not stop now; it begins in earnest.
First, we will boycott and picket all Waffle Houses who were behind Republican State Senator Don Balfour’s (a yankee carpetbagger and a corporate employee) vote against our flag, although he denies that they told him how to vote. They told him to vote with the Chamber of Commerce’s position, which was for the new flag.
Second, go to the House and Senate web site and learn how your Representative voted. I have the list and am sure someone will post it. Be prepared to work against him (or her) in the next election, no matter who runs against him. In order to defend and keep our heritage we must exercise our political clout. They think we will shut up and go home. Well it ain’t going to happen. We are the group that says ‘Forgit, hell!’
Third, we must recruit new members and start new chapters. Do not be discouraged, but be of good cheer, Brothers and Sisters. The battle was lost, but not the war! Write letters to your editors, telling them about how our governor and legislature have sold out our people for yankee materialism.
Back room deals, no hearings, no refer-
endum, just an ugly flag crammed down our throats—and in the name of compromise!
In the words of John Thomas Cripps: ‘Are you mad enough yet?’
Recruit, start new chapters, raise money, and let’s go get ’em, Y’all!
God Save Georgia!
Jim Arp
Wisdom From the Old South
contributed by Clyde Wilson Columbia, South Carolina
‘We must hold fast to principle: if we compromise our rights, and act from motives of expediency we trust to a broken anchor, and all that is worth preserving will be irretrievably lost.’ Thomas Cooper
‘I have said, that we shall ere long be compelled to calculate the value of our union; and to inquire of what use to us is this most unequal alliance? by which the south has always been the loser and the north always the gainer?’ Thomas Cooper
‘The separation of Church and State is a very different thing from the separation of religion and the State.* James Henley Thomwell
‘There is at work in this land, a Yankee spirit, and an American spirit....’ James Henley Thomwell
‘Two unions may work out the problems of human liberty more successfully than one, and save this continent for republicanism for ever.’ James Henley Thomwell
Letters...
To everyone who responded to Franklin Sanders's letter calling for donations to the Presidential Salary Fund:
Many thanks! I also extend my thanks to Franklin for taking the time to write the letter on my behalf Your generosity and confidence humble me. You make it possible for me to continue my work with the League, and I promise you that as long as I'm supplied with the proper 'ammunition'and breath in my body, I will give my all for this noble Cause.
For Southern independence,
Michael Hill
Dear Editor:
I write to endorse Leslie Riley's prolife article in the September-October Southern Patriot. Not being a native Southerner, I am more interested in preserving a Christian people, by secession is necessary, than in preserving the legacy of the Southern people. as important as that is. But I certainly will be happy to support Mr. Riley's vision for a Southern pro-life movement.
Since Joseph Sobran has written about Lincoln, the loss of state sovereignty, and Roe v. Wade. I wrote him a letter with my idea for a pro-life secession movement. I suggested that pro-lifers throughout the U.S. might find it useful to propose seceding, and that all pro-lifers would find it helpful to work with the League of the South. Mr. Sobran has a web site for his newsletter, www.sobran.com, so let us try writing him and encouraging him to mention the League.
My best wishes to Mr. Riley and any others working on pro-life projects. I look forward to working with you.
Editor's Note: It has always been the League’s position that the Southern tradition has value because it is Christian—and not the other way around.
As I read through the latest issue of our magazine I noticed the article about the case of Kathy Knight who was awarded some money after winning a court battle against discrimination. I do not question her motives or the value that this case may hold for us all in the future, but I do wonder if, in the end, we contradict our own principles with such legal action.
Do we allow the liberty to our enemies that we demandfor ourselves? Or to say it another way, 7 would be glad if, as a business owner or a CEO, I was permitted to hire anyone I please without threat of a lawsuit.' If I would like to hire only honest, hard working, law-abiding citizens (white or black), who don't take drugs or come into the workplace on Monday morning still smelling like the weekend tailgate party, isn 't that ok? We all would agree that an employer should have such a guaranteed liberty. What then will we say for those who don't want to hire Southerners? Can they discriminate also? I think that they should be able to. (And frankly, I would hate to work very long for any person or business that despises me or my heritage.)
If affirmative action is good, then let us embrace it. If it is wrong, how can we use it for our benefit? Do we use and enjoy those same laws which we reject as corrupt? I find here a strange inconsistency. I am not trying to quarrel with my own people and I will gladly concede to reason better than mine. I only mean to advance our cause through useful dialogue. Anyone wishing to reply and expose my error is welcome.
Yours in Southern Service,
Daniel Schwieder Summers, Arkansas
♦ ♦ ♦
Dear Editor:
/ am a Correctional Counselor at a maximum security prison in Indiana. Not long ago I walked into the office of the assistant superintendent and noticed some books and memorabilia ‘littering' the walls and his desk. I could tell... that this particular administrator was a ‘civil’war buff.... I asked him who his favorite general of that period was. He replied ‘Sherman 7 / responded by calling Sherman a war criminal and informed him that I grew up in Kentucky and had been a Southern Partisan since childhood.... He promptly produced a copy of the SPLC ‘Intelligence Report' . . I which] is mailed, free of charge, to the Superintendent’s office, regularly. I dont know if this man knows what the SPLC stands for. However, it was obvious that he considered me a ‘kook ’ and was trying to educate me.
. . . Thanks to Morris Dees I now know about the existence of the League of the South!... Here's my first annual dues.
... We have ‘Gang Coordinators’ who hold training classes for all employees
Sincerely yours, Joseph Thornton Austin, Texas
♦ ♦♦
Dear Editor:
annually. A display table, which features gang signs, is laid out with such symbols as crowns, pitchforks, 5-pointed stars, swastikas, and Confederate battle flags. How does it feel to be grouped together with the ‘Gangsta Disciples’and the ‘Mexican Mafia’?
God Save the South,
Roger Helbling Anderson, Indiana
♦ ♦♦
To my brothers and sisters in Georgia,
When travelling your fair state. I’ll keep a lookout for the types of businesses I like to deal with: bed and breakfast inns, clothes cleaners, restaurants....mom & pop types, who still fly the ‘proper’ state flag. I’ll watch for the Naval Jack, Bonnie Blue, First, Second and Third Nationals also.
That way THEY might boycott you but WE will know where to spend all our money!
Jesus Loves you and so do ///
Deo Vindice,
Dick Crockett
Alva, Florida (via internet)
♦ ♦♦
Dear Editor:
Surfing Internet for CSA News 1 found your address. Although not bom or related to the ‘USA’, / have always admired the CSA Cause since I learned how to read! I have always backed the CSA stand andfight for Independence and its integral right to secede, in spite of a very heavy pro- Yankee bias in Holland....
Since 30 years in teaching history to pupils I have always given ample time to correct erroneous and pro-Yankee
biased views by presenting the CSA side and introducing such noble characters as the great Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee (even in a war he called the worst enemies by no more bad words than ‘those people ’), Stonewall Jackson, NB Forrest, Joe Wheeler, and they loved it!
Then I tell them about the suffering and deprivations of the Southern people at the hands of the Yankee invaders, and I ask them:... everybody wants their own country, their very own place, why was it denied to the CSA ? Their Cause was one of the noblest, they just wanted to peacefully secede and be left alone.' But / knowfellow history teachers-when they learned about my view they would howl!
Really I feel I must take a stand for the CSA and its noble people! The most beautiful flag? All CSA flags, especially the battle flag and third official flag, a beauty. I know all the flags of every country, none such as the CSA, the best without competitors coming near. Up this banner everywhere in the CSA!
The most beautiful national anthem, catchy, happy, melodious. Which country has such a pleasant, lively, optimistic, catchy tune? (Most are slow, melodramatic, dull, pompous, bombastic.) Which country has such a beautiful name, short form and nickname? Only the CSA.
Such a great president, such a Christian gentleman general as Robert E. Lee, just as good as Julius Caesar and Hannibal, but morally so much higher than both! Which country has such a beautiful capital? Such a Christian vision?
I envy you Southrons! I admire your perseverance for the true Cause! Your Internet Home page is excellent as well. Keep it up. God will bless your nation!
Diapering Dixie
Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriots:
Savannah Grace Staley 8 December 2000 3rd child of Donald & Tammy Staley 3709 Gray Oaks Dr Bessemer, Alabama 35020-8431
Preston Daniel Brown 13 December 2000 1st child of Robin Stephen & Margaret Brinks Brown 4973 Braebum Trace Acworth, Georgia 30102
4Woe to them that devise iniquity, and work evil upon their beds! when the morning is light, they practice it, because it is in the power of their hand. And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage.’
—Micah 2:1-2
To sum up: The CSA is not dead but alive and kicking. Such a nation as was built in just a few independent years and still standing should revive, should try once more, should be successful in the coming years....
Yours,
P. van Bergen Holland
Your Guide to ‘Hoi Cultchure’: Dont Order Coliards in Paris
contributed by Franklin Sanders Dogwood Mudhole, Tennessee
A little more than 30 years ago my benefactor Uncle Sam decided I had soaked up enough education for a while and needed some military training. Twenty-two months, twenty-eight days, and eight and a half hours later, I pulled away from Fort Campbell, pockets stuffed with my last months’ pay ($236.00). I headed to graduate school at Tulane in New Orleans. That was the beginning of this deprived Tennessee boy’s exposure to the cultures of the world. After years spent enjoying other cultures and places, I can boil down everything I know into just two rules.
RULE No. 1: Never order coliards in Paris.
RULE No. 2: Bad refrigerator magnets are better than no art at all.
Let me explain.
EAT AROUND THE GLOBE
In the last 31 years I’ve been privileged to travel just about everywhere in the world except Africa and Asia— even to New York. My dear wife Susan, who has usually accompanied me, has taught me to take advantage of whatever delicacies the local culture offers. Life holds few delights greater than visiting a new place and discovering previously unimagined tastes. Forever after, the taste of that peculiar delicacy sends pleasant memories flooding over you.
New Orleans offers culture shock
enough. If you haven’t ever eaten red beans and rice or pampano en papillotte or Cajun seafood gumbo or oyster poor boys or fresh oysters or New Orleans French bread, you remain deprived.
From Tulane I got a year’s scholarship to the Free University of Berlin. My cousin Diane was living outside Paris at the time (1972), in a suburb called Maisons Lafitte. We visited heron the way and I can never forget the open market where she took us to buy crumbly white goat cheese, succulent pears, hard salami, and delicacy after delicacy. Later we visited a relative of her husband’s in Normandy, and drank cidre doux, sweet cider. The list goes on and on.
From Paris we headed south to Madrid, where the bars specialize in tapas, appetizers of all sorts. I can still remember the delicately deep-fried chipimares, tiny baby squid, then later the figs we bought at an open market. On the train to Barcelona we met a German who invited us to visit him at Freiburg im Breisgau. He drove us all around the area, where even the tiniest village inn has a 30-page local wine list and serves venison stew. They sell a wine taster there, with seven or nine glasses served on a little wooden frame. The colors range from the deepest red to the palest white, and every one is produced in the neighborhood.
In Germany we learned to love wurst, and live on it—Rindwurst in Frankfurt and Knackers in Berlin and Weisswurst in Munich with sweet mustard. Any street vendor served better wurst than you’ll find anywhere in the US, except
6
Milwaukee. Don’t forget those crusty Broetchen rolls, or stinking Tilsiter cheese, or Ganseschmalz spread on black Vollkornbrot and sprinkled with toasted onions. Don’t even get me started on the beers, different in every city and all delicious.
After Berlin we travelled south to Italy, eating our way from Venice, across to Tuscany, down to Rome, and then to Naples and Pompeii. Can I ever forget sitting in the amphitheater in Pompeii with Susan, eating oil-cured olives and Parmesan cheese and those little Italian loaves like crusty puffs of pastry? Hardly. Or buying calzone through a restaurant window in Naples? In Greece we bought bottles of retsina, a can of kalamata olives, and crusty bread. We opened the can by the sea, and sat there soaking up the olive oil with crusty bread—it was as good as the olives.
BUT DONT ORDER COLLARDS IN PARIS
In all that eating I learned one thing repeatedly. Never buy German peanut butter. Germans are wonderful folks, but they don’t know as much about peanut butter as a Hottentot knows about Grand Opera— no more than the French know about collard greens and combread. And never ask anybody English to cook catfish. He’ll poach it, for heaven’s sake. (The only people who say a Frenchman will eat anything are those who’ve never been to England.) Try to explain grits to an Italian and you’ll end up with polenta —com meal mush. It’s like ordering ‘barbecue’ in New York. There’s no telling what you’ll end up with, and sure as sin they will smother it in some
kind of awful ketchup-based sauce.
Some things just cant be transplanted. They’ll only grow on their native soil, no matter what kind of chemical fertilizers you pour on them. Try to transplant them, and you’ll just end up with a sorry counterfeit—no good in itself and no substitute for the original.
Three years ago this coming June a kind friend invited us out to Washington state. I’ve never seen such dramatic scenery—breathtaking. Beautiful. Adjective exhausting. I loved it.
Then I came home. Tennessee is not that dramatic, but I love the vistas melting away into hazy horizons full of mystery. The comparison made me realize that there are many kinds of beauty—some	dramatic like
Washington’s peaks, some mysterious like Tennessee’s hills. The only way you can ruin that beauty is to replace it all with only one kind. It is what it is where it is. Take it that way, or not at all.
DONT MULTICULTURAL ME
If only Southerners would leam this! There’s a restaurant not far from us that bills itself one of the area’s ‘finest.’ On their menu you can buy cheese-stuffed jalapefio peppers and bogus calzone from Sam’s and frozen pizza, but there's ne’er a fresh vegetable on the menu. Not one. Thirty miles from the Tennessee River, there’s no bass or crappie or catfish to be eaten there. In fact, the best restaurant in town is a barbecue shack where you have to stand on the gravel and order through the window. Why is that the best eatery? Because barbecue is native to Tennessee, and we understand it. I cant
buy crumbly French goat cheese produced locally, but in Paris I’ll never find those peach fried pies my Arkansas grandmother made out of tart dried peaches and biscuit dough, or collards and cornbread the way my friend makes them. And there’s no fruit anywhere in the world as delicious as the blackberries in our high meadow in June.
PEOPLE, TOO
The same holds true for people and culture. We’ve all been taught that ‘art’ happens in a museum or concert hall. If that’s true. I’ll stay a Philistine, thank you.
Back in October we went to the Museum of Appalachia in Norris, Tennessee for the Tennessee Homecoming. We saw some fascinating native crafts, splitting rails and riving shingles and palings and making baskets and blacksmithing. These are not sophisticated things, but when done right and well they produce things that are at once useful and beautiful. If you’ve ever seen a weathered paling fence, you know that they become more beautiful with age. No, not as exaltedly beautiful as Botticelli’s Birth of Venus or Bach’s Sheep may safely graze, but beautiful still.
So looking for ever greater craftsmanship and artistry, I walked down the vendors’ line. With a few handsome exceptions, mostly in needlework and quilts, nothing rose much above the level of hand-painted mushroom people on refrigerator magnets. No imagination, no originality—canned art from the hobby store. At that point I was waxing haughty when I remem-
bered my friend Jim Kibler. If anybody can lay claim to representing ‘hoi cultcher,’ it’s Jim Kibler: tenured professor of English at University of Georgia, published critic, and accomplished author. He is ‘world class,’ as the NPR cullcher-apparatchiki would say. I’ve had the good fortune to spend some time with Jim Kibler, and I began to notice something. Whenever we were looking at the work of some aspiring artist or craftsman or writer, no matter how bad it was, Kibler always found something encouraging to say about it. Not something untrue, but something encouraging. I began to wonder about his eyesight.
Looking at those blasted refrigerator magnets for sale I finally realized that I had missed the point. What Kibler was doing was far more important than ‘art criticism.’ He recognized what I had not: like the God in whose image we are made, every human being wants to beautify his world. Can he do it well? Talent is not the point. It’s more important that he does it, period-otherwise Wal-Mart, Arts Councils, and National Public Radio will steal what’s left of our souls. That, dear Readers, is all I know about cultcher.
Reprinted with permission from The Moneychanger.
Around the League. •.
Please note that the League Calender (p. 16) has been shortened and details incorporated into this column. An upcoming event on the League calendar is preceded by this symbol: 13
ALABAMA
New chapters have formed in the following counties: Montgomery, Baldwin, Autauga, Elmore, Russell, Chambers, and Pickens.
The Alabama Chapter has made the defeat of HB 64 its top legislative priority for this year. HB 64 would erase the State boundaries.
(3 A Jefferson Davis Birthday Celebration is scheduled for 2 June 2001 at 10:00 a.m. at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery. Details forthcoming.
FLORIDA
The Sandhills Chapter held a hedge school in Panama City on January 20. Thirty-two (32) people attended and two new memberships resulted.
(3The Sandhills Chapter will hold their 2nd annual George Kirby Smith Memorial Birthday Barbecue on 19 May at Pine Log State Forest near Ebro. Contact Larry Smith at Lighterpine@aol.com.
GEORGIA
13 The Bibb Chapter is hosting a Hedge School Seminar in Macon 17 March. The topic is ‘Re-thinking Lincoln.' For more information contact James Schoolfield, (912) 788-7683. jschoolf@mylink.net.
New chapters have formed in the following counties in Georgia: Henry, Habersham, Floyd, Gwinnett, and Cherokee.
LOUISIANA
Welcome to Louisiana's new state chairman, Mark Thomey. (Contact him at mthomey@bayou.com.) Former chairman, Chris Chamberlin, has moved to Mississippi (see below).
MISSISSIPPI
Welcome to Mississippi’s new state chairman, Chris Chamberlin. (Contact him at chairman@freesouth.org.) John Cripps has stepped down to pursue his gubernatorial bid but will serve the League as committee chairman for local chapter organisation.
,13FreeMississippi will be holding a large State flag rally at the capitol in Jackson, Saturday, 14 April, to draw attention to the statewide flag referendum the following Tuesday. The League of the South and the Louisiana Division of the SCV will co-sponsor the event. More information is in box on p. 13. For updates, please see FreeMississippi.org/laststand.htm or Dixienet.
MISSOURI
Al Benson, Jr., long-time writer on Christian education issues (author of ‘The Copperhead Chronicles,’) has joined the Missourileague.com team of staff writers with a regular weekly column. The e-mail update letter is free to all.
Mark Atkins, former Missouri state chairman, has assumed the position of

Field Representative. Mark currently lives in Tennessee but devotes much time and energy to the Missouri chapter.
Two new chapters have formed in Missouri: the St Louis District, chaired by Val Strode, (314) 909-1720; and the Stand Watie District in Southwestern Missouri, chaired by Dan Anderson, (417) 781 -4383. Both meet regularly. Contact the respective chairmen for schedules.
NORTH CAROLINA
The Capital Area Chapter held a for-mational meeting 3 February on the campus of NC State University in Raleigh.
SOUTH CAROLINA
0The Newberry-Union Chapter is hosting a Hedge School on the topic *'William Gilmore Simms, Father of Southern Literature & Southron Patriot,* 21 April. Three eminent Simms scholars wil lead discussions on a packet of materials sent to each registrant. Participation is limited to 35 students. For information, e-mail jkibler@arches.uga.edu or rivey @gwm.sc.edu.
0An Upcountry meeting of the SCLos will be 6 April. Don Livingston of the LS Institute will be the guest speaker. Details to be announced.
TENNESSEE
Two new county chapters that are in the process of formation are Lawrence and Wilson.
The Tennessee Chapter is seeking
(continued on p. 15)
New LSI & Conference Videotapes Available
The videotapes of the Fifth Annual LS Institute Summer School 2000 are now available individually for $20.00 each or as a 7-tape set for $126.00. Order directly from FV Productions, PO Box 805, Wingate, North Carolina 28174; (704) 272-7550. The tapes are as follows:
LOS-I-00#1 Brad Green reads Dr A. J. Conyers paper, ‘Why the Chattahoochee Sings: A Glimpse of Southern Geo-Metaphysics;’ Dr Thomas Fleming on ‘The ‘Agrarian Tradition;’ Clyde Wilson on 'The Nashville Agrarians.' 2 hrs. 5 min.
LOS-I-00#2 Rev. Alan Cornett on 'Wendell Berry in Context: Counter-Culture Agrarian Traditionalist’ & ‘The Mad Farmer: Wendell Berry & the 21st Century Agrarian’; and Jack Kershaw presents ‘The Battle of Nashville’ in art form. 1 hr. 21 min.
LOS-I-00#3 Dr Clyde Wilson on ‘The Agrarian Tradition in Politics.’ 2 hrs. 10 min.
LOS-I-00#4 Dr H. Lee Cheek, Jr on ‘The Southern Republican Ideal: Southern Agrarianism & the American Consitutional Tradition.' 1 hr. 34 min.
LOS-I-00#5 Dr Thomas Fleming on ‘The Farmer Soldier: from Cincinnatus to Francis Marion’ & ‘The Farmer-Soldier: from Nathan Bedford Forrest to Donald Davidson.’ 1 hr. 57 min.
LOS-I-00#6 Dr Benjamin Alexander on ‘Flannery O'Conner and “Dante’s Divine Comedy.’” 2 hrs. 11 min.
LOS-I-00#7 Dr Ted Smith, ‘Richard Weaver and the Defense of the South’ & ‘Richard Weaver & the Critique of
Modernity.’ 1 hr. 58 min.
Videotapes of the Ninth Annual League of the South Conference in Pensacola in October 2000 are also available individually for $19.00 each or as a five-tape set for $89.00 from FV Productions, address above. The tapes are as follows:
LOS-C-00#1 Dr Donald Livingston on 'Re-thinking Lincoln’ (Hedge School Seminar conducted at the conference)
LOS-C-00#2 Rev J. Steven Wilkins on ‘The Revolutionary Mind;’ John Chodes on the Writings of Jefferson Davis; and John Vinson (American Immigration Control Foundation).
LOS-C-00#3 Charley Reese, Ron Kennedy, Dr Donald Livingston on the LS Institute.
LOS-C-00#4 Mary Elizabeth Sanders on Southern Education; Dr Michael Hill on ‘Those People’; Reports from Jeff McCormack on Dixienet and Ron Holland.
LOS-C-00#5 Rev Eugene Case; Rev John Cripps; & Dr Michael Hill on ‘A Call to Action.’
Colour Printer Update
The national office is happy to report that we received donations in full measure for the colour laser printer fund, and we very much appreciate all who contributed and received a copy of the Gallagher book, The Confederate War.
We had received almost enough money in donations to buy the printer when Mr Joe Murphy of Midland, Texas, called and asked, ‘Why didn’t you tell me you needed a printer?’ Mr Murphy made arrangements with a local office equipment store and—voila!—the League had a new colour printer.
Then we had the ‘problem’ of what to do with the funds collected. We trust that all of you who made donations for the printer will not mind that the funds were used for another purpose. (No, we didn’t buy lottery tickets!) To allow more than one person access to office files simultaneously, we bought a second computer—a badly-needed upgrade. We’re sure you will notice an increase in efficiency as well as great looking, colour documents.
January-February Honour Roll
The League has an amazing number of dedicated officers and members. The following people have particularly distinguished themselves for their commitment to our Cause. You know what you do, and so do we! The Board of Directors extends to you a sincere ‘Thank You!’
Sam Dickson - Atlanta, Georgia Joe Murphy - Midland, Texas Mary Elizabeth Sanders • Baton Rouge, Louisiana Don Schroeder - Lowake, Texas
SIXTH ANNUAL
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE SUMMER SCHOOL ,v i	‘TOTAL	WAR	AND RECONSTRUCTION*
July 23-28, 2001 y?•	Abbeville, South Carolina
FACULTY: Dr. Thomas DiLorenzo (Prof, of Economics, Loyola College in Maryland), Dr. James Kibler (Prof, of English Literature, University of Georgia), Dr. Thomas Fleming (Classicist and Editor, Chronicles), Dr. Clyde Wilson (Prof, of History, University of South Carolina), Prof. Roger Busbice (History, Nicholls State University), Dr. Michael Hill (Military Historian and President, League of the South Institute), John Chodes (Author and Playwright), Dr. Donald Livingston (Prof, of Philosophy, Emory University).
TOPICS: A Moral, Legal, and Philosophical Examination of Total War and Reconstruction. Was the Lincoln Administration Guilty of War Crimes? The South’s Experience of Total War and Reconstruction. Destruction of the American Founding and Rise of the American Empire. Reconstructing the Southern Mind: the Creation of ‘Public Education.’ How Reconstruction Continues Today.
PLACE: Abbeville is the birth place of John C. Calhoun, America's first and most original political philosopher, and the place where he first practiced law. Visit 'Secession Hill' where the act of secession began, and the Burt-Stark House where the Confederate Cabinet met for the last time and dissolved.
TUITION: $250 (includes banquet July 23); $275 after June I. Open to students of all ages. Checks should be payable to League of the South Institute.
SCHOLARSHIPS: A limited number of scholarships are available to undergraduate and graduate students, as well as advanced high school students. Send a statement about yourself, your academic background, and your interest in the topic to the Director, address below.
ACCOMMODATIONS: All Institute events are held in The Belmont Inn: (877) 459-8118 or (864) 459-9625 (rooms are $49 for a couple). The nearby Abbevilla Motel, (864) 459-5041, has rooms ranging from $34 for a single to $43 for a double. For information regarding other accommodations in the area contact the Director.
INQUIRIES AND PAYMENTS: All checks and inquiries regarding accommodations, etc. should be sent to Dr. Donald W. Livingston, Director, League of the South Institute, 478 Burlington Rd., Atlanta, Goergia 30307; phone and fax: (404) 377-0484.
LDA Commission Rates Drop
According to LDA President David Williams, Broadwing, one of the longdistance carriers with which LDA deals, has drastically reduced their commissions. As a result the LDA commission to the League of the South on customer accounts served by Broadwing will decrease from 7 percent to 5 percent.
Thank you to the new sign-ups with LDA since our last report: Alexander Davidson-North Port, Florida; Buildscape-Gulfport, Mississippi; John George-Crawfordville, Georgia; Ken Warren-McHenry, Illinois; Stanley Little-Kentwood, Louisiana; and James R. Norris-Winnsboro, Louisiana.
LS/LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE COMMISSION RATE 5 TO 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support antJ-Southem causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (In the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIGI
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second Incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South to help advance our cause.
Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
January - February 2001
vol. 8 * no. 1
Protection of Monuments, Memorials and Names
Following is the text of HB 186, introduced in the Alabama House of Representatives by Bob McKee (R.-Dist. 74). It is modeled after a similar bill passed last year by the South Carolina legislature and will protect Alabama’s Confederate monuments and other memorials to our heritage. We encourage LS members in other States to work for the introduction and passage of such legislation in your own State
‘No Revolutionary War, War of 1812, Mexican War, War Between the States, Spanish-American War, World War I, World War II, Korean War, Vietnam War, Persian Gulf War, Native American, or African-American monument, memorial or symbol erected on public property of the State or any of its political subdivisions or on property
purchased or supported in whole or in part by State funds may be relocated, removed, disturbed, desecrated, obscured or hindered from visibility, or altered from its original intent and purpose.
No highway, street, bridge, school, building, structure, park, preserve, reserve, or other public institution, entity, facility, or area belonging to the State or any of its political subdivisions or purchased or supported in whole or in part by State funds dedicated in memory of or named for any historic Figure or historic event may be renamed, rededicated, left unnamed, or left undedicated.
No person or entity may prevent the exercising of proper measures and proper means for the protection, preservation, promotion, enhancement, repair and care of these monuments, memorials, symbols,
signs or nameplates.
The violation of any provision of this Act shall be punishable as a class 3 misdemeanor under Alabama Law with a fine of $500.
The provisions of this Act shall be amended or repealed only upon passage of an Act that has received a two-thirds (2/3) vote on final passage in each House of the Legislature.’
A Note to Our Readers
Don’t forget that the League now has the capability of accepting credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet. org) and following the online directions.
Members: To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the Southern Patriot, please note that the first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a 'Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online (see above), or by mail at P.O. Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404. No application form is necessary to renew.
To Non-Members Receiving Introductory Copies of the Southern Patriot The League of the South invites you to join with us in our stated purpose: ‘We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.’ To continue receiving this newsletter beyond the expiration date listed on your address label, join us online (see above) or send a written statement that you support our purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404. ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP RATES: REGULAR: $40.00 for an individual; $60.00 for husband & wife; LEGION OF THE SOUTH: $125.00 continuing annual pledge (includes free LS 3rd National lapel pin); $200.00 for husband & wife (2 free pins); STUDENT: $20.00 (must send copy of school ID).
NAACP Renews Its Opposition
Not satisfied with pulling down the St Andrews’ cross from atop the capitol in Columbia, South Carolina, or with changing the Georgia State flag, the NAACP and its allies are planning to renew the campaign against Southern symbols in the Palmetto State. James Gallman, president of the State Conference of Branches for the NAACP, hints that economic sanctions will be reinstituted and that demonstrations might be used to disrupt upcoming sporting events. ‘We’re going to have direct action. That means some type of demonstration at these events,’ said Gallman. However, there appears to be little support either in the South Carolina legislature or the general populace for the NAACP’s position. A poll taken by The Snake (The State) newspaper in Columbia in December indicated that nearly 2/3 of South Carolinians said that the legislature should take no further action on the flag.
‘Civil rights’ leaders, hoping to embarrass South Carolina, point to the Georgia legislature’s recent vote to change the State flag. Nelson B. Rivers III, director of the NAACP’s national field operations, believes that Georgia’s politicians ‘showed leadership, courage, and respect. South Carolina leaders showed none of those things.’
Anti-South bigots are also at work in Texas. State Representative Lon Bumam (D-Fort Worth) met recently with officials from The University of Texas at Austin and the Texas Historical Commission about the bill he filed in the legislature that would require the
University to remove from public view several statues of Confederate leaders.
Though Bumam’s bill has drawn protest, he is working with various liberal special interest groups to draft a more comprehensive bill that would banish all Confederate flags and ‘statues of apologists for slavery’ to obscure, out-of-the-way locations across the state.
Bumam’s current bill proposes that UT-Austin remove from public view statues of Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, Albert Sidney Johnston and John Reagan (Confederate Postmaster General).
During George W. Bush’s presidential campagin last year, plaques quoting Lee and including images of a St Andrews’ cross and the Great Seal of the Confederacy were removed from the Texas State Supreme Court build-
(continued on p. 13)

LS Membership Certificate
Now you can proudly display your League membership with a personal copy of the League of the South Membership Certificate, signed by League president, Michael Hill, and Recorder, L.J. Mowery. Certificate features subdued colors and distinguished design. To order yours, see order form on inside front cover.
www. dixiene t. o rg
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $______,	a	one-time	donation.
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $________, and I	pledge	$___
per (month/year).
Name____________________________________________________________
Address__________________________________________________________
City_______________________________ State___________Zip_________
Telephone (___________)__________________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35401. We will then send you a personalised ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
‘Dixie’s Last Stand’ Flag Rally
Saturday, 14 April 2001
10:00 a.m.-12:00 noon
New State Capitol, Jackson, Mississippi
Speakers: John Thomas Cripps, Michael Hill, &
Franklin Sanders
Sponsored by Free Mississippi, the League of the South, and the Louisiana Division of the SCV
Details at FreeMississippi.org/laststand.htm
(continued from p. 12)
ing in Austin. Bush, of course, supported the removal.
Not to be outdone in the race to remove Southern symbols, Governor Jeb Bush of Florida struck the colours of the Second National flag at the State capitol in Tallahassee. This was done with no fanfare in hopes of preempting an extortion campaign by the NAACP and Jesse Jackson. Bush received support from the lately much-heralded Katherine Harris, Florida Secretary of State. A Bush spokeswoman said that ‘the Governor believes that most Floridians would agree that the symbols of Florida’s past should not be displayed in a manner that may divide Floridians today.* She went on to note that Bush’s decision to remove the Confederate emblem was not an attempt to appease blacks who were angered by the outcome of the recent Presidential election in Florida.
Meanwhile, in Mississippi the efforts of John Cripps and his Free Mississippi campaign have forced a state-wide referendum on the State flag on Tuesday, 17 April. Free Mississippi and The League of the South will hold a prereferendum flag rally at the new state capitol in Jackson 14 April. The establishment in the Magnolia State is already moving to convince voters to banish the old flag and replace it with a new design that is even more appalling than the new flag of the State of Atlanta (certainly, it is not the flag of Georgia).
As you readers already know, the socialist anti-Southem forces will not rest until everything honouring the Old South has been removed or abolished. Just how long will it be until the objection, ‘I’m offended by your flag,’ is transformed into ‘I’m offended by your very existence’?
Sponsors for the Sixth Annual LSI Summer Institute Needed
Please consider making a generous gift to the League of the South Institute, as it prepares to host its Sixth Annual Summer Institute, to be held in Abbeville, South Carolina, in July (for more information, see p. 10). The Southern Tradition will perish unless we communicate it to our young people. Not only is this not being done, Southern students find their tradition demonised in most colleges and universities of the South today. All contributions to the League of the South Institute are fully tax deductible to the extent allowed by law. Contributions should be sent to Dr. Donald W. Livingston, Director, League of the South Institute, 478 Burlington Rd., Atlanta, Georgia 30307; phone and fax: (404) 377-0484.
♦ ♦♦
Be one of the first to grab this colourful ‘credit card’ style badge with Third National Flag background, and ‘League of the South’ in bold gold lettering with your name as you specify on one line and your town and state on the second line. This beautiful card is only $10.00. Please see order form on inside front cover.
Save the Children (and the South): Dont Send Them to Marx’s Schools
(Theft-funded, God-hating, South-hating, Leviathan/New-World-Order-promoting, government schools are our enemies’ greatest weapon against us.)
contributed by Leslie Riley Crenshaw, Mississippi
For years now Conservative Christians have wasted untold amounts of time, money, and energy fighting the school prayer ‘straw man.’ Decrying the fact that ‘they’ have taken the Ten Commandments out of ‘our’ schools. Or that ‘they’ aren’t properly teaching Southern (or any) history in ‘our’ schools. We then give our time, talents, and treasure to efforts to get prayer back into ‘our’ schools (or at least the football games), make ‘them’ hang a copy of the Ten Commandments on the walls of ‘our’ schools, or make ‘them’ properly teach Southern history (or Creationism) in ‘our’ schools. Here’s a news flash: they are not ‘our’ schools. They never were. The removal of prayer and the Ten Commandments from government schools wasn’t the sign of the beginning of the de-Christianisation of America through education, but rather a sign of the completion of that process.
The question is not: ‘Are school prayers Constitutional?’ or ‘Are school prayers Biblical?’ The question is: Are government schools themselves Constitutional or Biblical? And the answers are NO! and NO! Nowhere in God’s word will you find the state being given the duty, the authority, or the right to ‘train up children.’ It is the duty of
parents (first) and the church. The idea of state-sponsored, bureaucrat-run, tax-funded schools is foreign to the Constitution and to the minds of the Founders. The South’s great theologian and prophet, R. L. Dabney, warned over 100 years ago about the dangers of the ‘free state school system.’
Rather than pointing out the history of school prayer in this century and how horrible things have become since the 1960s when prayers were removed from government schools, we need to look a little further back to the history of the government schools themselves and the horrible consequences for our nation. Government schools were conceived, planned and implemented by atheistic, Marxist/Communist subversives in the 1800s, whose openly stated goal was to undermine Christianity and the family and to reduce the influence of the church and parents on children and culture. They did this in hopes of training generations who would more readily accept their anti-Christian socialist ideals and policies. With this in mind, modem ‘publik’ schools are not an abysmal failure in need of reform or repair. They have been extremely successful for what they were designed to do.
The problem is not that unjust judges are in rebellion when they take prayer out of schools. They are doing what God-hating, unjust pagan judges do. The problem is not that the theft-funded, atheistic government schools are in rebellion. They are doing what they were meant to do. The problem is Christian parents (especially the fathers) are in rebellion. Eighty-five
percent of Evangelical Christians still send their children to government schools. Our message to these parents needs to be-not ‘reform the schools’-but rather, PULL YOUR CHILDREN OUT OF THESE SCHOOLS— WHATEVER THE COST!! If half of the professing Christians in America would homeschool or start Christian schools these illegitimate, unbiblical, unconstitutional ‘Communist training centers’ would collapse. The Bible states, ‘The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom’ and ‘The FOOL has said in his heart “there is no GOD.’” Government schools begin with the premise that there is ‘no God,’ and that if there is. He is irrelevant outside of spiritual matters. We have no hope, therefore, of them training wise, godly leaders—only fools.
If nothing else, the fact that children are now being SHOT AT SCHOOL so often now that it is barely news anymore should cause us to shout from the housetops—‘In the name of Christ, save your kids! Get them out!’ Professing Christians and alleged Southern Patriots are too much like the world; we fit in too well. We are so busy chasing the almighty dollar; trying to have nicer cars and bigger houses that we have become fat, lazy and undiscem-ing. The only way to restore our families and our culture is God’s way. We need to give up the modem ‘American Dream’ of success and prosperity and regain the Pilgrims’ and Patriots’ dream of Christian liberty. Our children are the key to this dream. Are they not more important than ‘keeping up with the Joneses?’ God help us if the answer is no.
While we are spending our time and energy, fighting the culture war and trying desperately to restore our Southern nation, the enemy is devouring our children. We have one tool available to us that will make clear the way of the Lord (Luke 1:17) and prevent the Lord from striking our land with a curse (Malachi 4:6)—that is, turning our hearts to our children. If we will not do so, we are worse than infidels and deserve whatever evils the central, imperial state can dish out.
I hope I've not offended you, but we cannot continue to urge Christians to fight battles that the Lord has not called us to. God will not bless what He has not ordained.
Leslie Riley is the Mississippi State Chairman of the Constitution Party.
‘...The common |government] schools will have created a numerous ‘public’ of readers one-quarter or one-tenth cultivated; and the sure result will be the production for their use of a false, shallow, sciolist [superficial! literature, science, and theology, infinitely worse than blank ignorance.’ — R. L. Dabney
Around the League...
(continued from p. 8)
legislative sponsors for a Historical Monuments and Memorials Protection Act
A Hedge School was held in Franklin on February 3. The topic was ‘Secession.’
TEXAS
The LS of Texas has a new web site: www.texasls.org.
New chapters formed since the first of the year are the San Antonio, Spring/ Magnolia, and Elgin chapters. Formation of chapters in Nacadoches and Dallas is underway.
H)The Texas State Chapter will host two Hedge Schools: one in Houston set for 31 March and another in Austin 21 April. For information e-mail: jeffadams@texasls.org.
The Texas State Chapter is working with the Texas Heritage Coalition to stop passage of a bill in the state legislature which would remove Confederate statues at The University of Texas
in Austin, as well as to introduce a bill to protect Confederate monuments, memorials and plaques on public grounds.
VIRGINIA
UlThe Virginia State Meeting is planned for Saturday, 28 April, near Roanoke. Michael Hill will speak. Call Steve Flora, (540) 432-9425, or Randy Jamison, (540) 326-6728, or check www.virginiacsa.org for details.
A Fredericksburg area chapter is in the process of formation. Co-chairs are Dave Smalley and Jim Phelps. For more information e-mail jebstuart @erols.com.
HI The Virginia Chapter is hosting a Hedge School Seminar in Roanoke 16 June. The topic is ‘From Union to Empire.’ Contact Randy Jamison, (540) 326-6728, confederate-daddy@excite.com.
LEAGUE-WIDE
HI The Sixth Annual LSI Summer Institute will be held July 23-28, in Abbeville, South Carolina. For details, see p. 10.
THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2000
TOTAL REVENUE	$110,755.82
EXPENSES
Salary & Wages	20,723.76
Meetings	4,873.94
Travel	6,913.54
Advertising	15,114.07
Telephone	7,103.08
Postage	7,385.53
Printing	13,668.75
Other Administrative Expenses*	27,549.51
TOTAL EXPENSES	103,332.18
NET INCOME	$7,423.64
‘Includes amounts distributed to state chapters
January - February 2001
vol. 8 • no. 1
Promotion: Kill It or Make It
contributed by Franklin Sanders Dogwood Mudhole, Tennessee
Although many League chapters and leaders can put together extraordinary events featuring exceptional speakers, way too often they fail to attract a crowd because they fail to promote and advertise the event.
Stop and think about it. How will your target audience, even League members, learn about your event, let alone plan for it in their schedule, if you never tell them about it? Obviously, they wont. And neither will. their children.
What’s the cure? As soon as you decide to host an event—Southern Heritage Weekend, Chapter Meeting, Hedge School, whatever it is—sit down and work out an advertising and promotion schedule. For large events you will often have six months to advertise. Others dont offer you so much time or leisure.
Basically, five avenues are open to you: word of mouth, radio, newspaper, newsletter, and Internet.
-	Word of Mouth - If you as a leader aren’t interested and enthusiastic about the event, how will others view it? As soon as you decide to host an event, you need to talk it up at every chapter meeting and to everyone you meet. The goal here is to BUILD ANTICIPATION and to convince your hearers to begin planning early to attend.
-	Radio | Usually you can get free public service announcements on the radio. You must prepare a very succinct
description of your event, with specific time and date information. You’ll get better results by delivering your announcement in person, putting it into the living hand of the person responsible. Make a list of the stations you have to visit, then get around to them not later than six (6) weeks before your event.
-	Newspaper - Here, too, you can get some free publicity. Type up a not-more-than-one-page press release that clearly describes your event with all details. Be sure to include the name and phone number of the person to call for more information. Be sure to make a list of all the newspapers in your area, even the free shopper-types. Small town papers are looking for material and will give you better coverage. Be sure to go to the paper in person and deliver to the responsible individual by hand, at least six (6) weeks before the event.
-	Newsletter - Send to your chapter or state newsletter an announcement as soon as you decide to host the event. Run another announcement in every issue before the event. If you want to attract members of other groups, such as home school groups, the SCV, or UDC, you need to contact their leaders as soon as you schedule the event. Talk to them about newsletter coverage. Make it as easy on them as possible.
-	Internet - If your group has a web site, post the event as soon as you decide to have it. If your group has an e-mail list, send out an initial reminder, and then other reminders at two months before, one month before, two weeks before, and one week before
the event.
The effectiveness of a well-planned promotion campaign will astonish you. Make sure than any information you publish is succinct, neat, and well-written. Dont pass up a single chance to promote your event. The results will show up at the door.
League Calendar
Details on the following events can be found in the ‘Around the League' column, pp. 8 & 15.
March
17th, Hedge School Seminar, Re-Thinking Lincoln, Macon, Georgia
31st, Hedge School Seminar, Houston, Texas
April
6th, Upcountry South Carolina LS Meeting, location to be announced
14th, ‘Dixie’s Last Stand' Flag Rally, new State capitol, Jackson, Mississippi
21st, Hedge School Seminar, William Gilmore Simms, Newberry, South Carolina
21st, Hedge School Seminar, Austin, Texas
28th, Virginia State Meeting, Roanoke
May
19th, George Kirby Smith Memorial Birthday Barbecue, Pine Log State Forest, Ebro, Florida
June
2nd, Jefferson Davis Birthday Celebration, State Capitol, Montgomery, Alabama
16th, Hedge School Seminar, From Union to Empire, Roanoke, Virginia
July
23rd-28th, LSI Summer Institute, Abbeville, South Carolina (see p.10)