ntriot
March - April 2000
voi.. 7 • no. 2
thk Lkaci k oi nil: Soi I II Post Office Ho\ 4IWI0 Tuscaloosa. AL 35404-0910
I
■|
I
"Wf invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause.'9
Jefferson Davis
IResident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
A SOLEMN DECLARATION
The public reading and signing of the League’s Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence on 4 March in Montgomery, Alabama, marked a new phase of our movement. We have now formally declared that our Southern cultural heritage will, God willing, be preserved at the expense of our ‘blood, treasure and sacred honour.’
Around 3,500 proud Southern patriots who attended our Southern Independence Day celebration were witnesses to the signing. Those who were unable to attend can view this historic occasion by obtaining the 90-minute videotape (see order information on page 3).
While we would have been pleased to have had triple the number in attendance in Montgomery, we are nonetheless encouraged that 3,500 people came out for an explicitly ‘Southern Independence’ rally. The crowd was enthusiastic, and the entire event—both the parade and speeches—was punctuated with shouts of ‘Independence Now!’ Indeed, our movement has taken on new life.
We received much good media coverage when the Associated Press put the story on the wire. Newspapers from Maine to California ran the story (many on the front page), and the League office has been flooded with calls, letters, and e-mails requesting information. I lost count of the number of radio interviews I did in the week following Montgomery. All in all, it was a huge success for the LS and for the Cause. Our thanks to the Alabama Heritage Coalition and all who helped with this event.
The increased publicity for the Cause has led our enemies to step up their campaign against our cultural symbols. Even the Peijurer-in-Chief has taken two occasions now to blast Southerners for holding onto their ‘symbols of hatred.’ In Columbia, South Carolina, a few days ago Clinton even compared Southerners to Serbs (whom he criticised for having driven the poor Muslims out of Kosovo). Without doubt, we have caught the ear of the regime. When NATO bombers will head our way is unknown!
The Yankee Empire’s concerted campaign to destroy the South's largely Anglo-Celtic cultural heritage is nothing more than an ill-disguised attempt to destroy us as a distinct people. A man is identified by the symbols of his history and culture, and the destruction of those symbols prefigures the destruction of the man himself.
The campaign to destroy our cultural symbols has only just begun. However, there is little doubt that each success will embolden our enemies to go after yet another manifestation of our Southern heritage. The flags are only the beginning. In the long run, I believe, this assault is a way of showing us that we will
not be permitted to retain a separate, authentic culture that challenges the on-going crusade toward globalism. Historically, such authentic cultures have faced the decision whether to give in and live as meek and compliant slaves under a hostile regime or to die or triumph as free men and women. Usually in such situations there is no middle ground for compromise: one wins or one loses.
One of the main problems we as Southerners have faced in recent years is that the uncommitted have perceived a ‘middle ground’ on which they could stand. But, thank God, that zone of neutrality is fast disappearing. The attack on our cultural symbols has served to clarify the battle lines. Let us encourage those who have heretofore been timid and vacillating to join with us.
The cultural and political atmosphere today is electric; the tension in the air is palpable. At such a time we must keep faith in the justice of our cause. Let us live out the principles set forth in our Declaration. Defeat for us is not an option. Threats should not cow us; filthy ‘federal’ money should not buy us; nor should the Empire’s guile and duplicity deter us from the noble quest for Southern independence. Remember, my compatriots, we have a long and abiding heritage of liberty. We are the blood descendants of Wallace and Bruce, of Washington and Davis, of Lee, Jackson, and Forrest.
Let there be no mistake: we face a grave threat to our very survival as a people. The forces arrayed against us—big government, big business, big media, big religion—are powerful and
have by their words and deeds made known their opposition. We, and others who wish to preserve authentic cultures, are a stumbling block to their multicultural, totalitarian agenda. But we know that God holds such hubris in contempt and that freedom comes from His right hand.
So let us rejoice as we live out the principles so well articulated in our Declaration, and by the grace of God, we shall prevail.
The Band ‘Un-Reconstructed*
In response to inquiries, we offer this information about the band ‘Un-Recon-structed’ that played at the 4 March celebration in Montgomery. The band has two tapes (CD’s), ‘The Memories Live On’ and ‘Thistle ’N Dixie,’ both of which we personally own, enjoy and highly recommend. For more information, contact band member Dave Edwards, 5978 Gallant Rd, Gallant, AL 35972, (256) 538-3705. Our thanks to Un-recon-structed and to Basic Grey (our own Larry Smith and Nat Rudulph).
The petition to put the flag back atop the capital dome in Montgomery received more than 800 signatures on 4 March. We solicit your continued support for Roger Broxton and the Confederate Heritage Fund, which supplied the petition. Send donations to Confederate Heritage Fund, PO Box 771, Andalusia, AL 36420.
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for avaUabUity. (800) 888-3163.
March - April 2000
vol. 7 • no. 2
B
ern ±atriot
‘The Montgomery Declaration9
The Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence in its entirety is on page 4, but we begin with the address by Director Clyde Wilson prior to its signing, 4 March 2000.
Men and Women of Dixie! With this Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence, we enter a new phase of history. One day your descendants will say with quiet pride, ‘My people were there’ at Montgomery. Why this Declaration? Why now? Why assert our independence in heart and mind from this thing called the United States?
Our immediate fathers and many of us here have given America our love and loyalty and service. Our love has gone unrequited and our loyalty and service consumed with no return but contempt. The America to which we gave no longer exists. There are many good people remaining within it, but as a civilization America is a failed proposition.
As an entity it is incapable of producing a culture—art, music, literature, manners—although it will parasiti-cally consume and distort what our Southern people produce.
More importantly, America is incapable of producing statesmanship— the far-sighted concern for the good of the people that is necessary for our survival. America has no room for forebears or descendents—only present consumers.
More importantly still, America is incapable of the moral discipline necesary for a Christian society.
The rulers of the American Empire do not understand what you say when you speak of preserving your culture and traditions. They have no culture to preserve—only their bank balances and their monopoly of force. They are busy settling foreigners among us in the classic imperial strategy of divide and rule, for people whose culture and traditions are absent or confused are the helpless pawns of power—power that is remote from the self-government and liberty bequeathed to us by our forefathers.
America has become exactly what General Lee predicted in 1866: ‘the consolidation of the states into one vast republic, sure to be aggressive abroad and despotic at home, will be the certain precursor of ruin.’
By what right do we make this Declaration of Independence? Because every people, like every individual, is a creation of God for a purpose and is entitled to fulfill its nature. We are a people—common culture on the same land for almost four centuries now.
We are entitled to our customs and traditions and beliefs, our identity as a people—even if it causes inconvenience to tourists. Our desire to be ourselves is not an aggression. It should not be confused with the desire to make other people conform to ourselves, which is the hallmark of current America.
It would be much better if we could act as our fathers of ’76 and ’81 did, through our official institutions. But our institutions have been bought and sold. They are no longer ours in any substantive sense. Therefore, it is up
to us to act now if we are ever to have the motherland of our desire.
It is time for the community of Southerners to visualise once more our self-determination. Men and women of Dixie—Today we start on a noble project of civilisation.
♦ ♦♦
If you missed the great event of 4 March 2000, or if you just want to better remember being there, order one or all three of these great products from the national office. (For order form and prices, please see insert.)
(1)	the 90-minute videotape of the ‘Southern Cultural Independence Day Celebration.’ Videotape is being produced by the same professional crew that did the excellent video of the January 8 Flag Rally in Columbia. Credit card orders will be accepted for videos only-VISA, Mastercard, or Discover.
(2)	the special commemorative of the ‘Southern Cultural Independence Day Celebration.’ This 13 X 14-inch commemorative is done on heavy stock and features a line drawing of the Alabama State Capitol and the text of the original poem—‘Standing On the Star, 2000’—written for the occasion by Dr. James E. Kibler. Each will be numbered (only 1000 are available) and signed by Dr. Kibler and Dr. Michael Hill. Cheque or money order only.
(3)	unsigned copy (original size 18 X 24 inches) of the ‘Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence* Check or money order only. Signed facsimile copies will be available at a later time.
March - April 2000
VOL. 7 • NO. 2
Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence
We, os citizens of the sovereign States of the South, proclaim before Almighty God and before all nations of the earth, that we are a separate arid distinct people, with an honourable heritage and culture worthy of protection and preservation. Standing m the very place where our President Jefferson Davis stood in 1861, we declare that Southerners are entitled, like all peoples, to self-determination. Looking ahead to the time when political self-determination is a reality, we hereby pledge ourselves to the preservation of our culture in preparation for, and in the fervent hope of, the coming of that day.
To this end, we exhort all Southerners to abjure the realm of the American Empire that now threatens the liberties of our families and communities, and of the corrupt and sterile national culture that pervades this land. The national culture of the United States is violent and profane, coarse and rude, cynical and deviant, and repugnant to the Southern people and to every people with authentic Christian sensibilities. Purveyors of the national culture have everywhere lowered standards of morality and debased human dignity. They have appealed to mankind's worst impulses through profanity and obscenity in the arts and literature) they have depicted decadence and debauchery as normal and desirable) they have distorted Southern symbols and denied our right to interpret or display those symbols) they have assumed the authority of parents in the areas of religion and education) they thus have driven a wedge between the generationsj they have prostituted all areas of thought and learning for market share-, they have demonised Southern heroes and canonised tyrants and war cmmals) they have distorted Southern history to advance their ideas of social justice) they thus have driven a wedge between the races and regions) they have destroyed hope-, they have spread despair, they have called good evil and evil good) they have everywhere substituted the opinions of men for the decrees of God.
We, as Southerners, will, as far as possible, decline to participate m this alien, national culture. Rather, we shall seek to defend and perpetuate our noble heritage and be of service to our people. In doing so, we will emulate our great heroes—Washington, Jefferson, Henry, Calhoun, Davis, Lee, and Jackson, among others. In an attempt to preserve Southern language, speech, manners, music, literature, tradition, thought, custom, and faith, we pledge to cooperate economically to build and sustain our separate educational and cultural institutions. We intend regional and local action) pledging blood, treasure, and sacred honour, we shall starve the national malignance and nourish the goodness close at hand.
Our cultural inheritance is not based upon the abstract slogans, armed doctrines, and sanctified greed that characterise the present American regime. Instead, it is based on the permanent things that order and sustain life: faith, family, tradition, community, and private property, loyalty, courage, and honour. Cut off from these permanent things, the South will become only a point on the compass, and our descendants will justifiably curse us for the destruction of their noble heritage.
To our Southern forebears the triune God gave the inspiration and wisdom to create a confederated, constitutional republic based on the principle of local self-government and sustained by a vibrant and vital cultural heritage. We consider our heritage a sublime and unmerited blessing and we cherish it. Today it is threatened as never before by the godless national culture of death, supported by an overbearing government that acknowledges no limits to its power.
We reaffirm the cultural inheritance of our honourable forefathers and declare to the world our intention to defend and preserve it The preservation of historic cultures—especially those that establish liberty—has never been cheap or easy We hereby proclaim to the world that the struggle to protect and advance our Southern cultural heritage begins in earnest today in Montgomery, Alabama, the "Cradle of the Confederacy" Henceforth, we shall stand steadfast in defense of our inheritance as free men and women of the South, and we welcome all who share our principles to stand with ms.
As witness to our intent, we affix our signatures to this Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence on this 4th day of March 1000, invoking the blessings of our Lord, Jesus Christ, on a just cause.
March - April 2000
VOL. 7 • NO. 2
Latest Rally at the Statehouse in Columbia
Several pro-flag organisations, including the LS, held a rally at the State-house in Columbia, South Carolina, on Thursday, 6 April, to counter the antiflag forces of Charleston Mayor Joe Riley. The flak-jacketed Riley led a five-day ‘March from the Sea’ from Charleston to Columbia, which ended with an anti-flag demonstration at the Statehouse.
Riley’s march, dubbed by the press as a ‘grassroots’ event, quickly dwindled from about 600 people to about 60, but reinforcements arrived once the mayor reached Columbia. All along the way vigourous pro-flag demonstrations met Riley’s band. At the Statehouse, they were met by our counter rally. Though the media credited Riley with some 2,000 supporters, a more realistic count revealed that both sides had about 400 people present. There were minor skirmishes when anti-flag protesters crashed the pro-flag rally, and the anti-flag marchers directed much venom toward one of our speakers, J. J. Johnson, editor of the Sierra Times, a staunch black ally.
The LS also participated in a pro-flag rally on 9 April at the Battery in Charleston. Around 1,000 Southern patriots were there, as well as the world’s laigest Confederate battle flag. This rally, in the backyard of the scalawag Mayor Joe Riley, was yet more evidence that our people are willing to go where they’re needed. Our thanks to compatriot Charles Park for organising the Columbia and Charleston events.
Year 2000 League of the
South National Conference
12-14 October at the Grand
Hotel in Pensacola, Florida
The League of the South’s 2000 National Conference will be held from Thursday to Saturday, the 12th, 13th and 14th of October, at the Grand Hotel in Pensacola, Florida. The special room rate for attendees is $75.00 per night (single or double). Be sure to identify yourself as a conference attendee and to make your room reservation by 12 September to receive this special rate. For reservations, call (800) 348-3336.
Registration for the Friday and Saturday conference sessions is $50 per individual LS member and $75 per LS family before 1 September. After 1 September, the rate rises to $60 per individual and $90 per family. For non-League members, the registration fee is $75 per individual and $100 per family before 1 September. After 1 September, the non-LS member rate rises to $90 per individual and $125 per family. Please make check or money order to ‘The League of the South,’ and mail to: LS, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404. We will post a list of other hotels and motels in the Pensacola area shortly.
Sessions will run from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Friday and Saturday. We will post the conference agenda on the website as soon as it is completed and in the next newsletter. A separate special event is likely to be scheduled for Thursday evening, the 12th. More on this event later. We are also planning a rally at the Confederate Monument
on Palafox on Saturday afternoon as a means of protesting the City of Pensacola’s decision to remove the Confederate battleflag from its ‘City of Five Flags’ displays. We encourage all League members to attend this, our 7th annual national conference, and help make it the biggest and best ever.
www.dixienet.org
‘Oldspeak*
from an 1850 South Carolina newspaper...
compromise: a bargain in which Southern rights are sacrificed to Northern prejudices nationalist: one who contends zealously for the interests of the North
sectionalist: one who advocates the Constitutional rights of Southerners
States Rights: old doctrine believed in the Dark Ages, now considered part of the mistaken education of backwards sections economics: the art of making money flow, like the Gulf Stream, from the South to the North
contributed by Clyde Wilson Columbia, South Carolina
Ride with the Devih A Southern Braveheart
A film review by H. Arthur Scott Trask Chesterfield, Missouri
Produced by Ted Hope, Robert F. Colesberry, and James Schamus, Production by Universal Pictures and Good Machine, Directed by Ang Lee. Screenplay by James Schamus, Director of Photography Frederick Elmes, Music by Mychael Danna, Released by Universal Pictures.
As a native Missourian whose greatgrandfather fought under the Stars and Bars with Gen. Sterling Price, I am often frustrated at the extent to which people, including Southerners who should know better, assume that my state is Midwestern and that its population during the War Between the States remained mostly loyal to the union. Now, thanks to Ang Lee, the talented Taiwan-born movie director, this misperception should have less currency, at least among lovers of good film. His latest film. Ride with the Devil, tells the complex and little known story of how the Southern people of Missouri mounted a heroic resistance to the Northern invasion and occupation of their state during the war. Considering that we live in an age of political correctness, historical illiteracy, and incessant Southern-bashing, the film is almost too good to be true. Both as history and as art it is exemplary. The film accurately portrays the bulk of Missouri’s rural population as of Southern descent, sympathies, and conscious identification. Characters constantly refer to themselves as ‘Southern men’ or ‘sons of Missouri.’
The film neither caricatures nor demonises these men but presents them sym-pathetically—as well-mannered, brave, and fervently devoted to their land (i.e. Missouri). Lee even portrays western Missouri as a pastoral paradise, a land of isolated but comfortable farms and plantations, whose serenity, peace, and happiness is rudely violated by outside invaders. The Jayhawkers are portrayed as murderous fanatics.
The film tells the story of a group of young Southerners from Lafayette County in the western part of Missouri who join a band of Confederate guerrillas early in the war. Most of them are the sons of wealthy planters or substantial farmers, and many have seen their fathers or older brothers murdered by Jayhawkers. One of the more interesting characters is Jake Roedel, or ‘Dutchy,’ (played by Tobey Maguire) who is the son of a German immigrant. Roedel is accepted by most of the fighters as a Southerner, and when his father urges him to move to St. Louis to stay with German relatives for the duration of the war, he refuses, saying, ‘I’m not going to go to St. Louis to live with the Lincoln-loving Germans.’ He considers the native Missourians to be ‘his people now.’ Another interesting and highly politically incorrect figure is Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright) who is a freed slave fighting with the Confederates. The popular singer Jewel makes her acting debut playing a young farm widow. She is surprisingly good and believable in the role. Lee’s casting is excellent. He chose actors with ability who can do a Southern accent and who physically resemble the Southern
6
Anglo-Celts who made up the bulk of Missouri’s population at that time.
Lee chose to film his movie on location is western Missouri and to do shooting during each season of the year. His decision adds authenticity, realism, and poignancy to the film. For the Missourian, the landscape and natural scenery portrayed in the film with its hardwoods, rolling hills, and tall grasses is instantly recognizable; and it adds to the sensation of actually viewing past events instead of watching a cinematographic recreation of them. The musical score by Mychael Danna is splendid. The music has a strong Celtic and Blue Grass sound that reminds the viewer that these are a Southern people fighting for independence. The music is beautiful to listen to and is perfectly crafted to suit the right emotional tone for the action on the screen. The cinematography by Frederick Elmes is simply magnificent. The movie is beautiful to watch, and the battle scenes have all the visual poetry of the Long Riders.
For the climactic action scene of the movie, Lee decided to portray the famous Missouri guerrilla raid on Lawrence, Kansas, on 21 August 1863. In that month, William Quantrill gathered nearly 500 men for an attack on the hated capital of Kansas abolitionism and Jayhawking. Quantrill’s men swept into town in the morning, shot almost 200 men to death, and burnt the place to the ground. Lawrence was virtually wiped off the map. It would have been easy for Lee to demonise the Missourians for this act by failing to place it in its proper context. He
(continued on page 8)
Around the League . . .
♦	With great pleasure we announce the publication of Jefferson Davis: Unconquerable Heart by Felicity Allen of Auburn, Alabama. Mrs Allen’s book (832 pages) is available for $34.95 from The University of Missouri Press, (800) 828-1894.
Quoting from the University of Missouri Press's website:‘Felicity Allen begins this monumental work with Davis’s political imprisonment at the end of the Civil War and masterfully flashes back to his earlier life, interweaving Davis’s private life as a schoolboy, a Mississippi planter, a husband, a father, and a political leader.... At all times, “duty, honor, country” ruled his mind. Davis’s Christian view of life runs like a thread throughout the book, binding together his devotion to God, his family, and the land. . . . Jefferson Davis, Unconquerable Heart brings Davis to life in a way that has never been done before.’
♦	Dan Meredith, formerly the host of ‘Dixie Rising,’ is back on the air with ‘Flames of Freedom Radio,’ WNAH 1360-AM in Nashville. The program can be heard Sundays at 10:00 PM central time in Nashville or from anywhere in the world at http://wnah.com. Just go to the site and click on the ‘listen’ button to hear the show live. Michael Hill was Dan’s guest in February to discuss the League of the South and other Southern organisations.
♦	League director Dr Clyde Wilson, in response to the anti-flag forces in academia in South Carolina, has issued a ‘Statement of College and Univer-
sity Professors in Support of the Confederate Battle Flag Atop the South Carolina Statehouse.’ We encourage those of you with internet access to read the statement, signed by nearly 40 professors at colleges and universities across the country, many of them with academic degrees from South Carolina. It is posted in its entirety on Dixienet.
♦	Winston McCuen, the high school teacher who was fired from St. Joseph’s High School in Greenville, South Carolina, has settled his lawsuit through court-mandated mediation for an undisclosed amount of money. Mr McCuen was fired for having a small Confederate flag in his office and for his refusal to say the Pledge of Allegiance. Attorney and League member, Larry Salley, of The Southern Legal Resources Center in Black Mountain, North Carolina, handled the case.
♦	League director and attorney Jack Kershaw is making preparations to establish a Southern Bar Association. We encourage our practicing attorneys that are interested in forming such an entity to contact Mr Kershaw at (615) 292-2316.
♦	The LS website Dixienet introduces a ‘Southern News’ page that will be updated every couple of days to contain the latest news stories from around the South and elsewhere dealing with issues of interest to our movement. We also encourage visitors to Dixienet to sign up for the free bi-weekly e-mail letter from President Michael Hill. This letter will keep members and friends of the League abreast of events within the organization. By the way, Dixienet is now approaching half a million
‘hits.’ On average, we receive 1,000-1,200 ‘hits’ per day. This is good, but we must do better. Take every opportunity to spread our URL far and wide.
♦	While visiting Dixienet, be sure to visit the excellent state chapter websites. The states with websites that all can be accessed from links on Dixienet are: Alabama, California, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, Ohio, South Carolina, Texas, and Virginia.
♦	Seventy-five people joined the League and 82 renewed their memberships during the month of March.
♦	On 6 May South Carolina state chairman, Jay Mowery, was a guest on the ‘John & Ken Show’ on radio station KABC in Los Angeles. On 9 May Mr Mowery was a guest on ‘The Crier Report’ on Court TV opposite South Carolina NAACP Chairman, Dr Lonnie Randolph and Anita Hill as ‘legal expert.’ Mr Mowery said: ‘Dr Randolph gave me an opportunity to agree with him that the flag needed to come off the Statehouse Dome. ... I described the stars and stripes flag of the American Empire and traced examples of Empire tyranny through the Cherokee Indian Nation trail of tears, the war against the South, against the Indian Nations in the 1870s-90s, against the Philippines, etc. ... I had a good time.’
♦	On 18 March Mississippi state chairman John Cripps appeared on TV station WLOX in Biloxi to engage in what was billed as a debate over the Confederate flag, symbols and heritage. It turned out to be more of a forum for the anti-flag forces in which Mr Cripps was not given equal time to respond.
Pa
em jl atriot
(continued from page 6)
does not do so. Instead, he portrays Qu an trill’s famous speech to the assembled guerrilla bands of western Missouri in which he cited the barbaric treatment of the wives and sisters of some of the guerrillas at the hands of Federal military authorities. The Missourians believed that by making war upon their women the Federals had crossed the line into savagery and were no longer entitled to the protection of the laws of war. When this outrage is added to the numerous scenes showing Kansas Unionists murdering Missouri planters and burning down their homes, the viewer cannot help but the see the raid as understandable and even justifiable. Any Southerner will thrill at the beautifully filmed scenes of QuantriU’s men riding into Kansas, forming into battle lines above Lawrence, and then swooping down with rebel yells on the capital city of their enemy. Lee does depart from the true history of the raid when he has the Missourians engage in a battle with pursuing Federal cavalry while still in Kansas. In truth, the raiders got back to Missouri without any such battle.
The film has one other historical inac-curacy. It strongly suggests that ‘Dutchy’ is the only one of his comrades who can read. This is nonsense. Are we really to believe that the sons of wealthy planters were not taught how to read? Finally, the script does smuggle in one antislavery reference (in the form of a letter to a Northern soldier) that unfairly suggests that Missourians were fighting, at least in part, to deprive others of their freedom. Yet these are minor flaws in an impressive
and moving work of art.
All in all, Ride with the Devil is a fine film well worth seeing. It reminds us of the power of film to bring a good story to life when it is made with the care and skill it deserves. It brings to light a largely forgotten but fascinating chapter of Southern history during the War Between the States, and it presents the Southern side of the war with sympathy and fairness. What more can one ask for in a film?
Note: After an early release in mid-December to 60 theatres nationwide, Universal Pictures in early January cancelled the main release of Ride with the Devil and sent it straight to video production. Studios rarely do this unless attendance at the film is very low and/or the critics savage the movie, neither of which was the case with Lee’s film. Universal Pictures would not give a reason for their decision.
Reprinted with permission from the author and The Southern Sympathiser. quarterly newsletter of the Missouri League of the South, 307 East Ash Street PMB 34, Columbia, MO 65201.
Textbook Review Project
Rev. David O. Jones, Tennessee state chairman, has agreed to coordinate a textbook review and recommendation project. Volunteers are needed to help review homeschool and other history materials for accuracy with regard to Southern issues. The reviewers will then compile a recommended list of titles as well as a list of titles to avoid.
If you would like to volunteer your help with the textbook project, please contact David O. Jones by e-mail at dlojones@quixnet.net or by US mail at PO Box 1333, Franklin, Tennessee 37065-1333. If you have suggestions on specific titles that you either approve or have objections to, please forward these to Rev. Jones, since this will give the volunteers a running start on the project.
T^e League of the South
invites you to join with us in our stated purpose:
‘We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.’
Send a written satement that you support our purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Ibscaloosa, AL 35404.
ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP RATES: REGULAR: $40.00; $60.00 for husband & wife; LEGION OF THE SOUTH: $125.00 continuing annual pledge; $200.00 for husband & wife; STUDENT: $20.00 (full-time
students only)
March - April 2000
VOL. 7. NO. 2
B
em 1 atnot
LSI MINI-SUMMER SCHOOL
The J. Y. Sanders Home in the Garden District, Baton Rouge, Louisiana
June 22-24,2000
‘THE SOUTHERN CONSTITUTIONAL TRADITION’
Join us for an intensive study of American constitutionalism from an unreconstructed Southern point of view. We will work through a step-by-step survey of American constitutional development. How the U. S. Constitution has been progressively derailed. How the Confederate Constitution provided a corrective. Why Lord Acton admired it What it can teach us today about the evils of unchecked centralized power. How the “Fourteenth Amendment” was never constitutionally passed by Congress nor ratified by the States. The forgotten Southern Abolitionist Tradition. Why the South seceded. Why secession was, and is, constitutional. And more.
FACULTY: Dr. Marshall De Rosa, Prof of Political Science, Florida Atlantic University. Author of The Confederate Constitution of 1861, and an authority on the Ninth and Tenth Amendments.
Dr. Donald Livingston, Prof of Philosophy, Emory University. Author of Philosophical Melancholy and Delirium, and currently writing a book on the philo-
sophical, legal, and moral meaning of secession.
John Remington Graham, LL.B. member of the Bar of the Minnesota Supreme Court and of the United States Supreme Court. Advisor on British constitutional law and history to the amicus curiae for Quebec before the Supreme Court of Canada on the question of the constitutional right of Quebec to secede.
TUITION AND CONFERENCE FEE: $125.00 for adults, $80.00 for students. The fee can be reduced to $100.00 and $60.00, respectively, if payment is received before May 1. Since space is limited applications should be sent as soon as possible. The fee includes the banquet on the evening of the 22nd. Checks should be payable to League of the South Institute and sent to Dr. Michael Hill, President, League of the South Institute, Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404-0910.
INQUIRIES: All inquiries concerning the summer school should be sent to Dr. Donald Livingston, Director, League of the South Institute, 478 Burlington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30307. Phone and fax (404) 377-0484.
ACCOMMODATIONS: Comfort Inn, Baton Rouge, Louisiana (225)927-44499. Ask for League of the South Institute conference rate of $56.00 per room, (no extra charge for additional persons in room).
LS Meetings Protocol
We propose the following protocol for all national, state, and especially local meetings of the LS:
1.	Always have a 3rd National flag and a state flag on display. No ‘federal’ flags allowed.
2.	Begin all meetings with an invocation.
3.	‘Salute to the 3rd National flag’, written by Dr Jim Kibler: ‘I salute the
3rd National flag, the unsurrendered banner of the Southern people, the flag of hope, the flag of freedom, family, honour, and chivalry, the flag of devotion to our God.’
4.	After the program, we will say the Charge, which, until further notice, will be the LS Statement of Purpose.
5.	Closing prayer.
States are free to add items to suit their particular situation.
FIFTH ANNUAL LSI SUMMER SCHOOL
Beersheba Springs, Tennessee 25-30 June 2000
Classes and Seminars will be conducted in an antebellum hotel where thoughtful Southerners once met with plans for building their own institutions. Andrew Lytle spent his last years in Beersheba Springs. Beersheba Springs is a two hour drive southeast of Nashville.
TOPICS: The Southern Agrarian Tradition; The Nashville Agrarians; Richard Weaver; The Southern Theological and Philosophical Critique of Modernity; Southern Critiques of American Imperialism; Wendel Berry; The Meaning of the Agrarian Ideal Today.
FACULTY: Tom Landess, Clyde Wilson, Thomas Fleming, A. J. Conyers, Benjamin Alexander; Lee Cheek, Ted Smith, Michael Hill, Donald Livingston, and guest speakers.
TUITION, ROOM, AND BOARD: $495 ($400 if payment is received by May 1). Space is limited, so applications should be received as soon as possible. College students are especially welcome.
SCHOLARSHIPS AND GIFTS: If you cannot attend (or even if you can), please consider funding a scholarship for a student. The LS Institute is the only organization in higher education dedicated to a scholarly study of the “permanent things” as revealed in the Southern tradition. Unhappily most colleges and universities in the South have been swept into the orbit of ritualistic ‘political correctness’ and ignore the Southern tradition except to demonize it. The LS Institute is a 501 (e) (3) non-profit organization, all gifts to which are fully tax deductible.
INQUIRIES: Dr. Donald Livingston, Director LS Institute, 478 Burlington Road, Atlanta, Georgia. Phone and fax (404) 377-0484.
March - April 2000
VOL. 7 • NO. 2
LS/LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MORE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE—COMMISSION
RATE NOW 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for s host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southem causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will NOW donate 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIGI
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second Incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South to help advance our cause.
Based on a 5% donation from LDA to the League on an average $25.00 monthly residential long distance bill, the League's commission is $15 per average contributor per year— a very conservative projection, since many residential and commercial monthly long distance bills are much larger than $25.00 (AND THE COMMISSION RATE IS NOW 7%).
With 400 LDA sign-ups, the monthly commission to the League would be $500.00 and the annual commission $6,000. With 1,000 sign-ups, the monthly commission would jump to $1,350 and the annual to $15,000! Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams at (800) 635-0757 for more info or to sign up.
Flag Comes Down in Biloxi
Mississippi League of the South Chairman John T. Cripps announced recently that he is canceling plans to hold the 2000 League of the South State Conference in Biloxi, Mississippi. Plans are being revamped because the Mayor of Biloxi, A. J. Holloway, has ordered that the Confederate battleflag be removed from the city flag display on U. S. Highway 90. In the battleflag’s place, the Mayor proposes to raise the ‘Stars and Bars’ (the First National flag). Holloway said: ‘I don’t want our city to get a bad rap. I just don’t want all the publicity. I don’t think this is good for us and for our city.’
The Mississippi League of the South requests that Southerners boycott the
city of Biloxi. All visitors to the Gulf Coast (including the Jefferson Davis home, Beauvoir) should make arrangements to lodge, dine, and otherwise spend their money in Gulfport, Ocean Springs, and other nearby towns.
In the spirit of the recent Columbia, South Carolina, and Montgomery, Alabama flag celebrations, Mississippi is set to hold a Confederate flag rally. Come one, come all! Exact date (applying for April 22th) and location to be announced when secured. Suggested lodging will be posted on the Mississippi League of the South web site: CSAnet (www.pointsouth.com).
‘Black Spring Break* in Biloxi
Black Spring Break in Biloxi and Black College Reunion in Daytona Beach have left in their wake predict-
10
able destruction of private property and ill-will among citizens and business owners. In Daytona Beach, the Adams Mark Hotel reportedly was not allowed to eject troublemakers because of U.S. ‘Justice’ Department intervention. Local law enforcement in Biloxi made few arrests. Much of the destructive behavior was directed towards whites (especially white women) and white-owned businesses. We consider many of the details too barbaric to print. We hope to make an appeal to the law-abiding citizens of these areas to join the League. It is often young blacks like these and the demagogues who cheer them that most vehemently oppose our flag and culture.
Forrest Statue To Be Erected in Selma
As a joint project of the Order of Confederate Rose, local SCV and UDC chapters, a bronze bust statue of Major General Nathan Bedford Forrest is to be erected in July in Selma, Alabama. Presently, no historical markers exist to celebrate Forrest’s historic defence of the city 2-3 April 1865. Selma was considered second only to Richmond, Virginia, in importance to Confederate forces because of the arsenal and armaments industry there. We solicit your generous donations for this project which the League also is supporting. Checks should be made out to The NBF Monument Fund/OCR/ SCV/UDC and mailed to Patricia S. Godwin, 10800 Dallas Co. Rd. 30, Selma, AL 36701 or to Regions Bank, PO Box 479, Selma, AL 36702-0479. Joint chairmen of the project, Mrs Godwin and Dr Cecil Williamson, are also League members.
From Our Members . . .
contributed by Donna Schwieder Summers, Arkansas
from a speech by Colonel Richard Henry Lee of Virginia at the dedication of the Confederate monument at Old Chapel in Clarke County, Virginia.
‘Twenty-eight years have passed since the close of our civil war. Time, I trust has healed the wounds of war, but with the revolving years the causes and events of that terrible struggle seem to be forgotten, or if not forgotten, considered as unimportant events of history. And even the history of those events and the causes that led to that struggle, are not set forth fairly and truthfully. It is stated in books and papers that the Southern children read and study that all the blood-shedding and destruction of property of that conflict was because the South rebelled without cause against the best government the world ever saw; that although Southern soldiers were heroes in the field, skillfully massed and led, they and their leaders were rebels and traitors who fought to overthrow the Union and to preserve human slavery, and that their defeat was necessary for free government and the welfare of the human family.’
‘As a Confederate soldier and as a citizen of Virginia, I deny the charge, and denounce it as a calumny. We were not rebels; we did not fight to perpetuate human slavery, but for our rights and privileges under a government established over us by our fathers and in defense of our homes.’
‘My friends, as I look upon the graves around me, and yon monument, the
most comforting thought to me is this: “The Lord God Omnipotent reigneth.” God is in history—in all history; was in our history during our war, and although the final result was not according to our desires and hopes, sure am I that the time will come when we will acknowledge that he in mercy and not in wrath afflicted us. I do not know when or how this will appear. Who knows but that the devotion of the South to the true principles of the Constitution may not in the future cause the fructification of those principles and their growth throughout the land? Who knows but that the example of courage and devotion to duty of our leaders and soldiers, our mothers, wives, and sisters, may not hereafter influence the leaders of our whole people to put duty and honor before power and place, and to do and think only of the things that are true, honest and of good report?’
Commissions Paid by LDA From Your Telephone Usage
The League wishes to thank those who have switched their long distance telephone carrier to LD Advantage. Not only have they been getting low rates, but a portion of their long distance bill (7%) is passed along in commissions from LDA to the League. To date since the program’s inception in mid-October 1997, LDA has contributed $3,197.61 to the League. From February 1999 through February 2000, it has contributed $ 1,789.46. For more information, please see ad on top left of page 10.
♦ ♦♦
Dear Sirs:
I feel compelled to write to y’all today to let y’all know how happy I am that
[your] group... exists__Today I went
to the Southern Independence rally at the capitol in Montgomery and it almost made me cry to see all the Confederate flags flying proudly once more. I felt indeed honored to be a part of such a great event. I also felt a little ashamed because I know there are plenty more people in the great state of Alabama who should have been at the event to be counted and weren’t. I also know of many state legislators who share our views who were not there. I can only hope that they will join in the fight before long. I would like to thank the many people I met from the other states of the Confederacy for taking the long journey to Alabama. It was sure a sight to behold all of the Confederacy standing as one once again. I hope that the Southern Independence rally will become an annual event in Alabama because I firmly believe that it will only grow larger each year. I have enclosed my membership application and annual dues for your fine group-----Thank you!!!
John Parker Elmore, Alabama
From Supreme Court Justice . Harlan F. Stone in 1936: Th^/ only check upon our own exercise of power is our own sense of self-restraint.*
From John C. Calhoun in 1833: ‘High as the authority of the [Supreme] Court may be, its powers are but delegated powers.’
Calendar . . .
The LS of Georgia will hold its annual state meeting 13 May at the Daniel Harvey Hill House in LaGrange. Dr Michael Hill and others will speak. For more information, please call state chairman, Jim Arp, at (706) 234-0328.
The LSI in conjunction with the Virginia League of the South is pleased to announce the following Hedge Schools to be held near Harrisonburg, Virginia, located in the historic Shenandoah Valley: ‘The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun’- 20 May; ‘Rethinking Lincoln’-19 August; ‘Southern Litera-ture/Southem Agrarianism‘-18 November. Dr. William Wilson, Associate Director of the LSI, will be the instructor. Please contact Virginia LS Chairman, Steve Flora, at savedixie @aol.com, for information and registration.
The Tenth Annual Confederate Heritage Conference is scheduled for 25-28 May at the West Monroe Convention Center in West Monroe, Louisiana. Speakers will be Otto Scott, Thomas Woods, and Joe Morecraft. Tickets are $55 per family if purchased prior to 10 May and include admittance to the barbecue on Friday and to the ball on Saturday evening. For more information, call The Southern Heritage Society, (318) 323-3061.
The third in a series of three Hedge School Seminars will be held in Kinston, North Carolina at the Community Council for the Arts. Entitled ‘The Southern Literary Tradition,’ the
seminar will be held 10 June and will feature Dr David Aiken. For more information, contact Jack Crawford: (252) 522-5364 orjcuga@yahoo.com.
An LSI Summer School is slated for the J. Y. Sanders Home in the Garden District of Baton Rouge, 22-24 June. The Fifth Annual LSI Summer School will be held 25-30 June in Beersheba Springs, Tennessee. For details on both, please see p. 9.
The LS National Conference (7th Annual) will be held 13-14 October at the Grajid Hotel in Pensacola, Florida. Please see details on p. 5.
‘We Republicans confess that we intend to trample on the Constitution of this country. We of New England are not a law-abiding community, God be thanked for it! We are disunionists; we want to get out of this Union.’
-Wendell Phillips, May 1849
Presidential Pledge Fund ...
The Board of Directors continues its special plea for support, from those who have already been so generous, for funds to allow Dr Hill to pay fulltime attention to the business of the League. We are asking for pledges for three years. These will be tax-deductible contributions to the League of the South Institute. Either 200 members pledging $25 per month, 100 members at $50 per month, or 50 members at $100 will guarantee the League can survive and go forward. Please return your pledge form for whatever you are willing as soon as possible. You will then be mailed a personalised ‘coupon book’ to simplify monthly record-keeping. The fund currently stands at about 95 percent of the necessary pledges.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $______,	a	one-time donation.
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $____,	and	I pledge $______
per (month/year).
Name____________________________________________
Address_______________________________
City _____________________________ State____________Zip_________
Telephone (___________)	_________________________
Please make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the LSI Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, PO Box 41012, Nashville, TN 37204. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible.
March - April 2000
VOL. 7« no. 2