July - August 2001
VOL. 8 • NO. 4
the League of the South
Post Office Box 14184 Monroe, LA 71207
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
-President’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
The Debt Owed To Dixie
At the 140,h anniversary of the beginning of the War of Yankee Aggression (or, simply, Mr Lincoln’s War), a conflict intended to destroy Southern civilisation and culture, an official apology is due from the US government for its illegal and immoral invasion of Dixie.
Apologists for the US government have used the South’s firing on Fort Sumter in April 1861 as justification for war against the Confederacy. Thus the onus for 'starting the war' is placed on the South. From there, it is but a short step to justifying the Federal invasion and subsequent ravaging of the Confederate States. Fact, however, begs to differ with Yankee justification. Prior to the bombardment of Sumter (in which no one was killed or wounded), several Federally controlled properties had been occupied by Confederate forces, and the Southern States offered to reimburse Washington for the seized assets. Moreover, Sumter dominated Charleston harbour, and Lincoln intended to use it as a point to collect taxes for his coffers. At this time the Southern States were paying between 85 and 90% of all taxes collected via the tariff.
Lincoln’s insistence on collecting taxes from the seceded States was of course a violation of their sovereign rights. By refusing to evacuate Sumter, which lay within South Carolina's jurisdiction, the Lincoln regime gave her and her sister States of the South little alternative but to neutralize this economic and political threat. President Davis’s decision to fire on the US flag at Sumter hardly justified four years of total war (not to mention Reconstruction) against the South. Nonetheless, it gave the war-mongering Lincoln the excuse he needed to invade the CSA.
Though the regnant nationalist mythology confers upon the north the moral high ground for 'saving the Union' and conversely burdens the South with the name of'traitor,' a true accounting of history begs to differ. The League makes its case for the South’s 'Just Cause' on the following grounds: (1) the preservation of the original voluntary union of sovereign States, based on the hallowed
Agenda for the League Conference	P 3
Around the League	p. 4
Manners, Morals, Customs, and Public Perception	p. 5
The New South vs. the Frogs of Egypt	p. 10
Diapering Dixie	P- 11
The Circle of St Andrew	p. 11
Why the South's Lost Cause Isn't Lost	p. 14
The New League Redshirts	p. 16
1
principle of the ’consent of the governed,' could not have been achieved through the use of force against the seceded States in 1861. The use of violence to coerce a State was condemned by James Madison, who remarked: The use of force against a state would be... a declaration of war, and would probably be considered by the party attacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts.' Indeed, the invasion of the Southern States was a clear violation of the compact of 1789. (2) The Lincoln regime violated virtually every aspect of international law in invading the CSA. Hugo Grotius, the father of international law, established that only defensive wars were justifiable. By the 19lh century, the concept of the 'just war1 was accepted by all civilized nations. At the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, cadets were taught by General Henry Hal leek's textbook that war against civilian populations was unjust and that the plunder of private property was barbaric.
In April 1863, Lincoln signed General Order No. 100, the LieberCode, which forbade war against civilians and the destruction and confiscation of private property by US troops. By 1864, however, when Grant succeeded Hal leek as Commander-in-Chief, the Lieber Code was shelved in favour of a policy of total war against the South. Thus Lincoln and Grant, and subordinates such as Sherman and Sheridan, were guilty of egregious violations of international law and should rightly have been tried as war criminals. But, there is no such thing as a war criminal on the winning side.
The true extent of the atrocities committed against the Southern people during and after the war, excused as they were by the crusade to "save the Union," may never be fully known. But we do know enough of what transpired during that horrible time to say in all truth that the government of the United States owes, at the very least, an official apology to the descendants of Southern families who suffered at the hands of war criminals. Moreover it would be a fitting gesture that all official monuments and other means of honouring Lincoln, Grant, Sherman, and other Federal military and political leaders be removed and those men be tried, post mortem, as war criminals.
If there is ever to be reconciliation between the South and the US government, an honest assessment of the war and Reconstruction era must be made and the South's cause recognized as legitimate. The wounds inflicted upon the South are an embarrassment to America. Besides apologies and other remedies suggested above, reparations for Southerners whose families suffered war crimes would be an appropriate way for the American Empire to make its amends. Should Congress think our proposals too burdensome, then we'll take our independence, thank you.
Michael Hill President
The League of the South
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (334) 875-1552.
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
|f||jj| R °- BOX 14184 MONROE, LA 71207 Bllpfe: (800) 888-3163 email: president@dixienet.org
Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Rudulph All Newsletter Correspondence or Submissions Should Be Sent To P O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
':;;l|®::PRESIDENTi
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Thomas Fleming, Ph.D. Jack Kershaw, J.D^. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
© 2001 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author's name.
For cultural distinctiveness the Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label. Annual dues amounts are listed herein.
Southern Pa
atriot
Make Plans Now! Attend the
Tentative Agenda for 2001 National Conference
League of the South
8th Annual
National Conference
at the Hilton in Jackson, Mississippi 11-13 Oct 2001
The Jackson Hilton (1001 E. County Line Road) has set aside a block of rooms for us. The hotel number for reservations is 800-774-1500. Be sure to identify yourself as a League member to receive the special rate.
Other area hotels: Ramada Limited, 6058 1-55 North, $59-69 per night; Suburban Lodge, 5731 1-55 North, $45-53 per night; Extended Stay America, 53541-55 North, $45 per night; La Quinta Inn North, 616 Briarwood Dr. (Exit 102), $66 per night; Comfort Inn, 57091-55 North, $80 per night.
Jackson, Mississippi, 11-13 October Mr Alex Cheek, Master of Ceremonies
Thursday, 11 October 3:00-5:00 PM 3:00-5:00 7:00-9:00
LS BOD Meeting Early Registration
Circle of Saint Andrew Reception (see page 11)
Friday, 12 October
8:30-9:00 AM 9:00
9:00-9:20
9:20-10:05
10:05-10:20
10:20-10:50
10:50-11:35
11:35-1:35 PM
1:35-2:05
2:05-2:15
2:15-2:45
2:45-3:15
3:15-4:00
4:00-5:00
5:00
7:30-10:00 PM
Registration
Opening Prayer
Live Music by Basic Grey
w	*	w
Rev J. Steven Wilkins, Speaker One
Mr John Chodes, LS Papers Series-Jabez Curry
Break
Dr Clyde Wilson, Speaker Two Dinner (On Your Own)
Fundraising Workshop, Mr Don Bustion, Presentation of 2001 LS Awards Book Signing by LS Authors Break
Mr Roger McCreadie (SCV Heritage Defence Chairman), Speaker Three Musical Presentation: 'The Spirit of the South' Closing Prayer
Annual Meeting of State Chairmen -Includes Media Relations Presentation by Ron Casteel
Member late registration: $60 ea; $90 per family (after 1 Sept)
Non-member late registration: $110 each; $155 per family.
Please make checks & money orders payable to The League of the South and mail to
League of the South PO Box 14184 Monroe, Louisiana 71207
or telephone the registration to 1-800-888-3163 & mail the check to the above address.
Saturday, 13 October 8:30-9:00 AM 9:00
9:00-9:45
9:45-10:15
10:15-11:00
11:00-11:45
11:45-1:45 PM
1:45-2:45
2:45-3:15
3:15-3:45
3:45-4:30
4:30-5:15
5:15
5:15-6:30
Registration
Opening Prayer
Dr Michael Hill, Speaker Four
Special Guest
Break
Mr Charley Reese, Speaker Five Dinner (On Your Own)
The Southern Musical Heritage,
Frank Walsh (12lh Louisiana String Band) LS State Chairman Report --Mr Ken McGhee, Alabama Break
Rev John Thomas Cripps, Speaker Six Live Music and Sing-Along, Basic Grey Closing Prayer Cash Bar
July-August 2001
VOL. 8 • NO. 4
Southern Patriot
Around the League
The League Calender has been incorporated into this column. An upcoming event on the League calendar is preceded by this symbol:	**
LEAGUE-WIDE
$rThe8th Annual National League Conference will be held 11-13 October in Jackson, Mississippi. See page 3 for details.
The League headquarters has moved from Tuscaloosa to Monroe, Louisiana. The new US Postal Service mailing address is: LS, P. O. Box 14184 Monroe, Louisiana 71207
We are in the process of designing and producing LS pinpoint Oxford cloth redshirts for each State in Dixie that has a League chapter. See page 16.
ARKANSAS
The State League meeting was held in Sheridan on 4 Aug.
Vf The Declaration of Cultural Independence Video will be shown B at Catherine's Restaurant in Sheridan ■ at on 6 Oct at 6PM.
f FLORIDA
”^rThe Florida League of The South Bh State Meeting will be held at 1PM I on Saturday, 22 Sept, at the Best W Western Inn at Amelia Island, 2707 Sadler Road, Femandina Beach, Florida. Speakers will include Michael Hill, Franklin Sanders, and John Adams. Larry Smith of Basic Grey will perform original songs. Motel Reservations (800)584-1304. There is no fee to attend, but donations of $20.00 or more per family are encouraged. Contact Jim Lear for more information (904)277-9628.
The FLS now has available window decals of the LS logo. See page 9.
GEORGIA
At the LSI summer school at Macon, League members videotaped talks by Marshall DeRosa and Don Livingston to run on public access TV. This is a great project idea for any chapter.
LOUISIANA
Mark Thomey appeared on Louisiana Live radio talk show on 29 August. The show was carried throughout the State of Louisiana.
NEW YORK
The NYLS planted Battleflags at the gravesites of 3 Confederate generals and other Confederate officers buried in a Bronx cemetary. New York City was sympathetic to the South 1860-1900 and many Confederates including Varina Davis settled there after the War..
NY League member and author, John Chodes, has one of his plays running off Broadway.
SOUTH CAROLINA
'AThe grand opening of the SC League Headquarters and Southern Cultural Centre will take place the first weekend of November during the SC League of the South Conference in Abbeville. More than 200 folks joined in a celebration in the Centre on 28 July. The details are on page 13.
A landmark ruling by SC attorney General - see page 12
The new League music CD with 7 songs written by a SCLS member is now available. See page II.
South Carolina LS chairman Jay Mowery is encouraging League members to help the Southern Party in that
_ 4
state in their effort to get on the ballot. SC election laws allow a third party a reasonable chance of getting on the ballot since only 10,000 signatures of registered voters are needed. Also, once a party is on the ballot, it has the right to stay on the ballot as long as it regularly runs candidates. No minimum percentage of the vote is required maintain that right. Those interested in procuring a blank petition form should email rbarbour@awod.com orSCLoS board member, Scott Goldsmith at JSGold 1958@cs.com.
TEXAS
■&The Texas State Meeting will be held in Waco, 15 September at Piccadilly Cafeteria (formerly Underwood's Barbecue). Howard Phillips, Donnie Kennedy, & Michael Hill will speak. For more information, contact Jeff Adams (888) 339-8422 or Joe Pulliam (817) 860-2977.
VIRGINIA
The Friday prior to Jeff Davis' birthday several Confederate flags were spotted hanging from bridges over I-81 near Harrisonburg. A birthday wish appeared in the Harrisonburg Daily News Record the same day.
Warren Smiley is organising a chapter in Roanoke with his wife Rhonda and Arthur & Candace Aromonda. The White Star Chapter formally kicked off Saturday 16 June.
The Stonewall Jackson Chapter (Harrisonbuig area) held its annual picnic at Rex Miller's "Rebel Park" on 8 July with great food and live music.
July-August 2001
VQl.. 8 • NO. 4
B
ern JLatrwt
Manners, Morals, Customs, and Public Perception
Contributed by Judge Paul Heath Till Sidney, Texas
To many in the present 'culture', manners are an anachronism of no value. Manners are, in fact, the rules worked out over time for people to interrelate with reduced confrontational and aggressive conduct. It is the 'grease' that allows each to live in close association with others with less friction. The type and kind of manners of any people are the result of trial and error worked out to accomplish this objective if the objective is, in fact, to promote the above. In my opinion, the present thrust of change in the South does not do so. Rude, thoughtless and selfishness conduct with slovenly and provocative dress and the use of foul language promotes an increase in confrontational and aggressive conduct. Whether each find the manners and customs of the South worth the effort to teach and follow is the question presented here.
However, an identifiable culture is more than manners and customs. There are subtle and small differences that are low profile that help to identify a culture. Manners and morals and customs make up the public perception of any culture. When we speak of the South we are speaking of the public perception that was. Fortunately, some areas still have the remnants of Southern culture. This is despite the driving force of the egalitarian secular humanistic policy of the
federal government and the media which is, at present, the means used to destroy the South as well as all things Southern.
The yankeefying of the South by the aggressive and intrusive north is no longer possible to ignore. To the scalawag, this is great and as it should be. To this Southerner, it is not. The South, for the most part, has never accepted the depth, breadth, and ferocity of bigotry, hatred, and cultural genocide toward all things Southern by the yankee north. The existence of anything Southern, in the view of the north, is an affront that must be destroyed root and branch, for there must be no reminder of the atrocities committed by the north in the war of northern aggression. The north must be proved right in the wanton destruction of the South with their destruction, theft of property, and the killing of men, women and children who were not part of the conflict.
This is not a new revelation. This is new only to those who will not read or learn from history. The destruction of the South did not stop in 1865 but just changed methods of reconstruction of the South in the image of the north. While there have been changes in methods and justification there has been no change in the ultimate goal. The destruction of the South is not going to stop unless we stop it. We are in a war of words in which logic or facts play little or no part. For the South to survive as such it must also have and keep a Southern identity. If the yankee method and manner of doing things is accepted and adapted as out own then all the talk of Southern Independence
5
will be for naught. Each will be surrounded by a sea of people who will not see any difference or reason to resist what they have become.
The first thing that we need to do in evaluating any subject or thing is to get as clear as possible the fundamental principles and precepts that control the action we are taking and the action we need to take, if necessary, to change. It is impossible to get what you want until you know what you want.
Some definitions that may help are:
Manner - 'The way in which something is done or takes place; method of action; mode of procedure.'
Manners - (as a form of the word manner) - 'External behaviour in social intercourse, estimated as good or bad according to its degree of politeness or of conformity to the accepted standard of propriety.'
Custom - 'An habitual or usual practice; common way of acting; usage, fashion, habit (either of an individual or of a community).'
Moral - 'Of or pertaining to character or disposition, considered as good or bad, virtuous or vicious; of or pertaining to the distinction between right and wrong, or good and evil, in relation to the actions, volitions, or character of responsible beings; ethical.'
All definitions are from The Oxford English Dictionary Second Ed. (CD)
To a Southerner this will tell us the definition but not the meaning of manners morals and customs. Manners, as I understand it, is the conduct and appearance of each individual
July-August 2001
vol. 8 • no. 4
interrelating with others in public and private. The conduct and appearance of an individual shows the true opinion of the value and worth of himself and of the people with whom he deals. It is the civility and thoughtfulness by each of us toward others. While there was rude and discourteous conduct in the South of my youth, all such acts were looked down on with outwardly shown disapproval. Within the bounds of human endurance, rudeness was returned with civility. The conduct of which I speak is not the product of 'just growing up' but must be taught by instruction and example of the one who does the instructing. Manners, as given here, are the remembrances of a person who was blessed in living when such conduct was the norm, not the exception.
So what is the identifiable conduct and characteristics of the unique Southern Culture? It is here that things go to a blank stare and stammer. While we may all want to have a definable Southern culture, few seem to know just what it is. Now, before any of you fine Southern Ladies and Gentlemen get on your high horse (a phrase commonly used in the part of the South where I received my upbringing), just hear me out. I do not presume to tell you what is or is not Southern culture. What I will relate is what was taught to me as the conduct to be followed when relating with others. If there is to be any preservation of culture then we have to start somewhere. I hope that this article will provoke thoughtful and courteous responses to add or change what is said here to help us all see just what we are asking of our selves and of, at least I hope, our children.
Let me present my bona fides. 1 am a Southerner by heritage and training (South Alabama) and a Texan by temperament, disposition and by choice of location. My training was by my father and mother in a general way; in a very specific way, at my grandfather’s knee in South Alabama (by that I mean across his knee if I did not mind my manners), and to some extent the general population of Butler County, Alabama and Harris County, Texas. 1 did not, and, as far as 1 could tell, neither did anyone else think of our manners and customs as Southern. It was the normal way that civilised people be-haved.
It is not my purpose in bringing this rememberings to reestablish the culture of my youth, which cannot and should not be attempted, but rather, to show some of the manners and customs that were, and see if any have value and worth for to day to make a new and present distinct Southern culture. The past is gone and cannot be brought back to life but that does not mean that we cannot remember and see if there was anything of value that we should bring into today to validate the lessons learned from the past.
If you decide to adopt or find any value in what comes next, be prepared for ridicule, derision, and open hostility. The following is definitely not politically correct. It runs directly opposite to the egalitarian mantra of the north and the levelling that must be done so the northern yankee and scalawag will
not feel inferior to the Southerner.
I was brought up to follow these basic rules in dealing with others in public and in private:
Be mindful of my dress in public. How I dress is a direct evaluation of me by me and how I cany my family name for all others to see. Never bring discredit or dishonour to the family name. Slovenly dress discredits the family name.
Show courtesy and respect to all others at all times. Do not think of yourself but keep your mind on the people vou meet and deal with.
Be thoughtful and careful in my speech in the presence of women and children. There is no reason to make others uncomfortable or embarrassed by using profane, obscene, or vulgar speech. This is thoughtless and does not do credit to any man. And spare me the remark that they are not hearing any thing that they have not heard before. This I know very well in today's degenerate culture. The point is that they have not heard profane, obscene, or vulgar speech from me. That is to make it clear that I disapprove and do not engage in such conduct in the presence of women and children.
All Southern women are ladies and are to be shown deference and respect. If no male member of her family was present then it was your responsibility as a gentleman to see that this rule was followed.
The establishment of any mode of conduct by any people is the reflection of what they hold important and the values and worth of the spiritual basis of their lives
Pa
ern JLatrwt
It was the absolute moral responsibility of every man to protect and defend all ladies and children. This was one of the basic reasons that the Southern gentleman was to be armed. I have seen on more than one occasion where some Quixote young gentleman has sprung to the aid of a lady when the lady did not need the level or intensity of his protection and yet she was careful not to embarrass the young man so as to disabuse him of such conduct later when better judgment was attained.
Be very slow and careful in making a promise and be quick and diligent in keeping your word and fulfilling all promises made. 'A promise made is a debt to be paid' was not a trite cliche. An outside intervening force, unforeseeable and beyond control, was the only way any one could discharge his obligation and duty to a promise made without fulfilling it. Many pined for the time when a man’s word was his bond. This rule personified that time.
Other basic instructions and examples that the above rules are based on are:
'Please' and 'thank you' were the words heard in profusion, in public and in private. The use of'please' and 'thank you' requires that you think of the other person. If you use 'please' and 'thank you' to the point where it becomes a habit each will soon come to discover that they are, in fact, thinking of others. It is well shown that conduct can arid will change attitudes. Just look at the degrading of the present culture by the change of conduct that many find to be offensive for proof of that point.
Adults were not called by their first name in public except in special and
unusual conditions and then only by another adult that had a long and close relationship, never by a child or young adult. To do so would have been disrespectful and unseemly to the status of the person addressed. To a child or to an adult everyone older was Mister or Miz or whatever title they had (Doctor, Judge, Sheriff or the like) and fam-| ily name, or the preferred Miz for ladies, which covered you if you did not know whether or not the lady was married. The use of the first name is a yankeefying of the South from the yankee egalitarian disregard of status and family. Did I say status? Well, status and the recognition of status was a basic and important part of Southern manners and custom. The present existing yankee culture is egalitarian from top to bottom. What is pushed and held up as the norm is egalitarianism. The main means of destruction of the Southern Culture is by replacing or substituting egalitarianism for a hierarchical form of culture. This was done by stealth and deception. It has been done very well.
When I grew up the family name was of prime importance. It identified you with your family, both present and past. It gave more than just a name, it gave you connection with all of your kin. In private social gatherings, adults, if they knew each other well and had some prior relationship (went to school together, belonged to the same lodge, the same church, the same family, etc.) would call each other by their first or.
as it was then called, their given name. But even in this setting the obviously older person was still addressed as Mr or Mrs and their last name. Within the family they were called by the appropriate family title (uncle, aunt, etc.) and then their given name. I have never called my Grandfather, Grandmother, Mother, or Father by their first name. I
hear it done routinely now in Harris County (Houston) Texas. I do \not hear it where I live now (Comanche County, Texas). When I meet some one new now only the first name is given. I have to ask to find out the family name.
The influence of the media to make it 'cool' to use the first name only is very strong. It teaches a flippant disrespect to the young of their elders and a callous disregard of status and the family name as trivial and unimportant. This type of conduct is presented as modem and new. It is neither. It is not what a child is told but what a child sees that forms the basis for character and conduct. It has been estimated that 80% of what we perceive of the world is through our eyes. The remaining 20% is split up among the other senses.
'Yes Sir', 'No Sir', 'Yes Ma’am, and 'No Ma’am' were words sprinkled throughout my conversation as appropriate for the existing circumstance. There is a direct conflict between the yankee (with his continuing indigestion from an over-abundant serving of self-righteous indignation) who uses the term

The main means of destruction of the Southern Culture is by replacing or substituting egalitarianism for a hierarchical form of culture
'Sir' and 'Ma’am' as a sign of servitude or disparagement and Southerners who use it as a sign or term of respect and deference. Being so full of himself, it never occurs to the yankee that the same term could have a different social meaning. If he uses it to mean 'lesser folk' then he assumes everyone else must be doing the same. Whether or not the use of 'Sir' and 'Ma’am' as a term of deference and respect will survive depends on each of you, and whether you find any value in this Southern custom or practice. And no,
I am not saying that the use of'Sif and 'Ma’am' and 'please' and 'thank you' are the only differences between the yankee and the Southerner, but I will say that the attitude and behaviour reflected by the use of'Sir' and 'Ma’am' and 'please' and 'thank you' demonstrates two of the basics differences between a hierarchy and an egalitarian culture. And that is the difference between the Southerner and the yankee.
I have not attempted to go into the conduct of a gentleman toward a lady in such things as standing the first time a lady enters a room, or when an older person enters a room. The practice of letting a lady go first and holding the door are just visible effects of following the above rules of conduct. There are many such accepted rules that were a part of normal conduct by gentlemen in the presence of a lady or elders that I hope some of you will submit for future edification of us all. I will not attempt to list them all here at this time.
There is a custom in the South of having breakfast, dinner and supper. These are the three meals in the South. You can have 'lunch' all you want, which is
to me a misspelling of the word brunch. If you get an invitation for dinner from me, and you show up at 5:30 or 6:00 pm, you missed it. Dinner is close to 12 noon and supper is at 6:00 pm, Texas time.
The following are the conditionings of the subjects of this empire into sub-
servience. They are not any part of my Southern customs. They are an intrusion into our personal lives and demean our States.
Yankee time or real time? Daylight Savings Time is a fraud. If there is any one who believes that any government can make daylight one second, much
A Note About Presidential Fund Pledges
Coupon Books which simplify your Presidential Fund pledges to the Kershaw Foundation, are available by request. Call 800-888-3163. Some of the older pledge forms have obsolete information on how to make out your cheque and where to mail it. It should be made payable to the ‘Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation,’ for ‘Presidential Salary Fund.' This will distinguish your donation from a general donation to
the LSI. If yours is not a brand new pledge, please mail it directly to the Kershaw Foundation at the Nashville address listed on your coupon. New pledges (only) should be mailed to the national office. We then supply your coupon book and forward your pledge to the Kershaw Foundation. See page 11 for more news about The Circle of Saint Andrew' donors to the Presidential Pledge Fund.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $_ per (month/year).
Name
a one-time donation. , and I pledge $______
Address City___
State
Zip
Telephone (
)
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207. We will then send you a personalised ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
out hern la
atnot
less, one hour longer, then they will have no problem in accepting the total and complete power of the federal government. The more ridiculous and inane the law the better the point is made. Government calls the tune and we dance to it. Well, some of us don’t.
Allowing your State to be reduced to a two letter yankee abbreviation instead of spelling out the name of your State and showing the importance of the State where you live is demeaning and a marginalization of the individual States by the central government. This is nothing more than a covert action to reduce the States to administrative districts of the central government all in the name of efficiency. There are some 'efficiencies' that reveal the clear intent of the entity proposing it.
This is not a philosophical discourse on the theory of the origin of manners and culture of the South. This is a statement of what was taught to me as a child and young adult. It is not definitive or exclusionary of what others were taught or remember from the past. No one culture or mode of manners could be homogeneous across the breadth and depth of any area as large and diverse as the South was and is. I certainly do not suggest such here. However, I feel we need a practical statement of some of the day-to-day actions that gave the South, at least in part, its distinct and separate culture. The manners and customs of all people are tenuous and fragile, subject to destruction by neglect when they no longer reflect the values and worth of accepted conduct both public and private. The destruction of Southern culture is being accomplished by the con-
certed action of an outside force -- the force of law and yankee media controlled public opinion. To survive, manners, morals and customs must have value and worth to the average person who lives here and of such value that they are practiced by them as normal conduct and taught to their children. The establishment of any mode of conduct by any people is the reflection of what they hold important and the values and worth of the spiritual basis of their lives. This is what I was taught.
When any new culture is accepted and adapted the preceding culture is gone. We are presently in such a transition. For there to be a any realistic chance to stop the yankeefing of the South there must be a group of dedicated people who have the courage to practice, teach and preach Southerness of manners, morals and public perception at all times and in all places. Where ever they may be. We will have to show and convince the people around us that the Southern way is better for every one. Not a easy task. But most assuredly a worthwhile one.
Robert Roark wrote a book about the Mau Mau uprising in Kenya. The title of the book is Something of Value. He saw the Mau Mau uprising was caused by the destruction of the manners, customs and morals of the African native by the English settlers. A people deprived of their basis of being will revert to the savage from which we all came. His book had the clear warning that when any group destroys the manners, customs and morals of a people then they must replace that destruction with 'something of value'. 1 do not find
9
that the Fabian Socialism, though it is masked and called in this country: egalitarian secular humanism, to be 'something of value'. It is the present basis for the destruction of Southern manners, customs, and morals. It is the attempt by the Godless socialist to tear down mankind and remake man into the image of the socialists. The first and most important step is the destruction of our Southern manners, morals, and customs. When this is finished there will be nothing to stand between you and the devil. The unintended consequences are starting to unfold. No one knows what the final consequences will be or where or how this will all end. We must fight for our manners, our morals, our customs, of our culture if we find therein 'something of value'.
Bona na croin
The Florida League of the South is offering attractive 3" by 3" window decals of the League’s Logo. They are available from P O Box 15007, Panama City, Florida 32406-5007. The price for League members is fifty cents (50 cents) each on orders of 10 or more. Make all checks payable to Florida League of the South.
July-August 2001
VOL. 8 • NO. 4
10
Southern Patriot
The New South vs. the Frogs of Egypt
Contributed by Mike Scruggs Birmingham, Alabama
On 15 June 1882, the Reverend Robert L. Dabney delivered a discourse at the Annual Commencement of Hampden Sidney College in Virginia, entitled, ‘The New South.’ Dabney was a Presbyterian theologian, seminary teacher, pastor, and author of numerous and diverse works on theology, philosophy, ethics, history, and political economy. Although frequently quoted by scholars, historians and theologians, he is little known today by the general public. He was, however, among the most prominent men of his era. His service in the Confederate Army as a Chaplain and for a time as Stonewall Jackson’s Chief of Staff, is by no means the limit of his great accomplishments. He was a scholar and social commentator of enormous breadth and penetrating insight. Much of his writing is as relevant today as it was in the late 19* century. While he is long dead, yet he speaks with near prophetic clarity on issues facing the nation and especially the South today. His words are particularly relevant to the present discussion of the heritage and future of the South. In our own time, as in his, the South is being constantly battered by politically correct propaganda. There are powerful organisations and ambitious power seekers who butter their political and economic bread by purveying historical ignorance and misinformation as a form of public righteousness. Politicians, educators, businessmen, churchmen, and whole states are cowered and blackmailed into accepting outrageous
distortions of history. We suffer a time of too little knowledge and too little courage. Dabney’s words, like the words of his contemporary and fellow Southron, James Henley Thornwell, can rightly be termed, ‘logic on fire.’ Here is a timely quote from Dabney’s exhortation on that day in 1882:
‘It behooves the new South, in dismissing the animosities of the past, to see to it that they retain all that was true in its principles or ennobling in its example. There are those pretending to belong to this company who exclaim: “Let us bury the dead past. Its issues are all antiquated, and of no more practical significance. Let us forget the passions of the past. We are in a new world. Its new questions alone concern us.” I rejoin: Be sure that the former issues are dead before you really bury them! There are issues that cannot die without the death of the people, of their honour, their civilisation and their greatness. Take care that you do not bury too much, while burying the dead past: that you do not bury the inspiring memories of great patriots, whose actions, whether successful or not, are the eternal glory of your race and section; the influence of their virtues, the guiding precedents of their histories. Will you bury the names and memories of a Jackson and Lee, and their noble army of martyrs? Will you bury true history whose years are those of the God of Truth?
There is one point on which you insist too little, which is vital to the young citizens of the South. This is, that he shall not allow the dominant party to teach him a perverted history of the past contests. This is a mistake of which you are in imminent peril. With all the astute activity of their race, our conquerors strain every nerve to pre-
occupy the ears of all America with the false version of affairs which suits the purposes of their usurpation. With a gigantic sweep of mendacity, this literature aims to falsify or misrepresent everything; the very facts of history, the principles of the former Constitution as admitted in the days of freedom by all statesmen of all parties; the very essential names of rights and virtues and vices. The whole sway of their commercial and political ascendancy is exerted to fill the South with this false literature. Its sheets come up, like the frogs of Egypt, into our houses, our bed chambers, our very kreading troughs. Now, against this deluge of perversions I solemnly warn young men of the South, not for our sakes, but for their own. Even if the memory of the defeated had no rights; if historical truth had no prerogatives; if it were the same to you that the sires whose blood fills your veins, and whose names you bear, be written down as traitors by the pen of slanderous history, still it is essential to your own future that you shall learn the history of the past truly.’
Dabney’s message should be repeated to our own generation again and again. His message should be taken to every brave heart and never forgotten. It should be passed to our children and generations to come. We are in dire need of men like Dabney and the men he so eloquently defended.
Over 120 years ago, when such an idea was unthinkable, Dabney said of Public Schools: ’We have seen that their complete secularization is logically inevitable. Christians must prepare themselves for the following results: All prayer, catechisms, and Bibles will ultimately be driven out of the schools.’
July-August 2001
vol. 8 • no. 4
Diapering Dixie
Please send a 'Diapering Dollar' to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriots. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
m
Circle of St Andrew
Since May 1999 LS President Michael Hill has been able to devote his attention full time to Southern causes, thanks to the gracious support of Southern Patriots who have fulfilled their pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund. The fund is administered by the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation.
Robert Dabney Hoekstra 1 June 2001 2nd child of Deane L. & Gloria Hoekstra 508 Kumquat Ave Niceville. Florida 32578
Kelsey Leanne Kline 15 June 2001 1st child of Robert & Mary Kline 424 Sycamore St Petersburg, Virginia 23803
Danielle Renee Young 19 June 2001 1st child of Eric & Shaunna Young I2I0A Birch Dr Harrisonburg. Virginia 22802
Hannah Ashlyn Peeples 24 August 2001 1st child of Billy and Ashley Peeples 822 Ivy Circle Anderson. South Carolina 29622
The South has become a formula. The South and its people get to play only limited roles in the story of America; they are dragged into the textbooks and movie houses to demonstrate slavery, to cause the Civil War, to suffer in poverty, to inflict and partially overcome injustice. The result is a South that is easily pegged, easily caricatured, easily explained. That is an injustice.' - Historian Edward Ayers
Now. the Circle of Saint Andrew has been formed to acknowledge those who make significant financial contributions to support Dr Hill and his work. The Circle of Saint Andrew will be open to all who contribute S600 or more annually to the Presidential Salary Fund.
The initial meeting of the Circle of St Andrew will be a reception held Thursday, 11 October, at the 2001 National Conference in Jackson. Mississippi. Everyone who has contributed any financial support to the Presidential Salary Fund is invited to the reception.
At the reception, all those who have contributed $600 or more to the Presidential Salary Fund in any of the past 3 years w ill be presented with a Circle of St Andrew lapel pin. Beginning in 2002. a reception will be held annually at the national conference exclusively for Circle members.
Circle members will also receive a personal letter each quarter from Dr Hill on matters regarding the League, the League Institute, projects, and agenda.
The LS Board of Directors urges all who do not yet qualify for membership in the Circle of St Andrew to make an appropriate pledge or to upgrade their current pledges to the Presiden-
tial Salary Fund. A form can be found on p. 8 of this issue.
On behalf of Dr Hill and his family, the LS Board of Directors thanks vou for your material and moral support.
New League Music
Bamberg Countv South Carolina League member J. Pat Baughman has w ritten seven new Southern songs. Pat Baughman called upon friends in Nashville to produce and record a League CD. The League CD is available now for immediate shipment.
Seventeen songs are on the CD. Our Southern Anthem, written by Pat. is rousing! Our SCLoS Piper George Forsythe is featured in the hvmn Amaz-ing Grace and plays a medley of songs.
To hear the Southern Anthem go to ww w.SCLoS.org. You can order the CD by mailing SI5 plus SI.75 S&H to SCLoS. Post Office Box 5458. Aiken South Carolina 29804. This League CD has an upbeat tone. You w ill want a copy for gifts, and a copy to give to friends to introduce them to the notion of Southern independence through the message of songs.
w	•	-	"v—= w
The song titles are: Southern Anthem*. Dixie, Cheer Boys Cheer, Bonnie Blue Flag. Southern Wagon, The Starry Cross*, Flight Of Yankee Doodles. Battle Cry Of Freedom. Hurrah For Davis And Lee. Here Comes The Alabama*, Mama's Tears*. Let Me Tell You Of Our Flag*, They'll Never Get The Seed*, Deep In My Heart*, Confederate Piper, Amazing Grace. Confederate Piper Medley
* New songs, lyrics by SCLoS member J. Pat Baughman.
12
Southern Patriot
Landmark Ruling in South Carolina
In an official ruling on South Carolina's act establishing protection for Confederate monuments, the state's Attorney General Charles Condon stated that local governments might not be the only authority that governs land on which monuments stand. He said that in this case, it could apply to heritage groups that have a vested interest in the monuments.
In the conclusion of his official ruling the Attorney General writes, 'when the General Assembly speaks of the "public body responsible for the monument or memorial," it is not alluding to particular individuals, but is including bona fide nonprofit groups such as the UDC, the SCV and other similar organizations which are devoted to the preservation of Confederate history and to honoring the Confederate men and women who gave their lives in service to their State.’
. . . (B)ona fide groups, such as the UDC, SCV and other similar organizations which have sought to preserve Confederate and Southern heritage and history, possess a significant role as a "public body responsible for the monument or memorial," as referenced in Section 10-1-165(A).'
The public officials must sit down with "the UDC, the SCV and other similar organizations which are devoted to the preservation of Confederate history and to honoring the Confederate men and women who gave their lives in service to their State" to acknowledge their public official responsibilities to the monuments and memorials. And
secondly, the public officials must recognize the role of the "public body responsible for the monument or memorial," meaning literally, "the UDC, the SCV and other similar organizations which are devoted to the preservation of Confederate history."'
SCLS Chairman Jay Mowery hails this great opportunity and urges members, 'Let us engage the public officials of our cities and counties to erect dignified flag poles and fly the Confederate Battle Flag at each and every Confederate monument and memorial in this Sovereign State of South Carolina. We must carefully engage in the implementation of the State Statute based upon the official ruling by the South Carolina Attorney General. The law and right is on our side.'
Recruiting Material
If you’re looking for good League recruitment materials, or if you are furthering your own education, a wealth of good resources is available.
J. Steven Wilkins’saudiotaped address from last year’s annual conference in Pensacola, Florida is excellent for a starter. Entitled ‘The Revolutionary Mind,’ the tape tells how much many of us have unwittingly bought into revolutionary thinking and why we must correct this foundational error.
The Wilkins’audiotape and many more excellent ones are available for $6.00 postpaid from Apologia Book Shoppe, (601)	928-5218; web site:
www.pointsouth.com/apologia/ southem.htm.
LSI Director, Dr Donald Livingston’s videotaped lecture on the 14th Amend-
ment, filmed at an LSI Summer School in South Carolina, is good medicine for those who are sick of not being told the truth about Southern political and Constitutional issues.
The Livingston videotape, along with a long series of other excellent lessons from previous Summer Schools, is available at $23.00 postpaid from the LS national office, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404.
A Southern Dream
by Robert B. Hayes
A flame bums within you It has ignited a dream.
A dream of a home for Southrons all. A centre for them to reaffirm Their Southern roots.
Your dream is noble
And the fire within bums intently.
But you despair
For you see not that dream in others. Despair not.
For I know that many share your dream.
But their fire
Does not yet burn as bright.
I urge you to keep the faith
For the heat of your soul is kindling
Fires in others.
Because of you I see A conflagration of Southron pride Sweeping our beloved Southland.
Deo Vindice Resurgam
1out fern Pa
atriot
A Home For The League
Our South Carolina League Headquarters and Southern Cultural Centre has now passed from the dream of eight men and women gathered at the Confederate Monument on Abbeville Square this past April, to now becoming a reality.
The last Saturday in July, more than 200 folks joined in celebrating the acquisition of the League Building in Abbeville, South Carolina.
Frantic last minute preparations were underway Saturday morning as League Building Manager Robert Hayes was joined in his work by several members. The three hostesses, Julie Ann Scott, Coy Paul and Pat Rosamond prepared refreshment, arranged flowers, and generally got the building ready. The League Building and Southern Cultural Centre Chairman, Jim Kibler, supervised everyone and dove into the process where needed.
Promptly at 3 o’clock, a bagpipe could be heard in the distance. League Piper John Livingston led a procession of folks attending the League Institute from historic Belmont Inn to The League Building. Once they arrived. Piper John entertained the throng outside the building with a medley prepared for the occasion. Jim Kibler announced the opening of the door, and those inside welcomed the Piper.
The building was beautifully decorated with flowers and fresh cuttings from the nearby graveyard of Confederate dead. Wonderful cakes were donated by many. Perhaps the favourite cakes
featured a Red Palmetto, and other variations of the flags of the Confederacy and our wonderful South Carolina Palmetto Tree.
Following a period for all to greet each other, Jim Kibler welcomed the gathering and outlined the purpose of the building. Jay Mowery, SCLoS Chairman, thanked the donours and presented 1st South Carolina Ranger Certificates to those donours from outside the State of South Carolina.
Donald Livingston, head of the League Institute offered a toast and was followed by Patrick Calhoun of Little Rock, Arkansas, a direct descendent of the Calhouns of Abbeville.
We heard the Robert Lloyd music, 'Grey Ghost of Heaven', written to memorialise the Confederate heroes of Trinity Episcopal Church. As we gathered to enjoy punch and cake, arranged on beautiful linen tables, the new League CD music played in the background. The Southern Anthem was sung acappella by Jordan Brown and brought the house down in applause and cheers.
We were joined by 30 or more Abbeville residents. Shelley Reed, owner of the Rough House restaurant and pool hall, 116 Court Square, became the first member of the League to join at The League Building.
Perhaps the most precious treat of the day was the presence of Real Daughter, Ruth Gladding Fulton Gilliland, bom October 18,1900. Her father was William Frierson Fulton born in November 1840.
Stop in and visit The League Building, 107 North Main Street, when in
13
Abbeville. Manager Robert Hayes plans to have the gift, book and art shop open by late September. We will have the grand opening the first weekend of November during the South Carolina League of the South Conference in Abbeville. The League Building telephone number: (864)459-2395.
In the meantime, we need donations for restoration. Please remember us, if you are able. The quality of restoration, and the displays presented therein will depend upon you.
Again, our heartfelt thanks to all those loyal men and women who work hard for their money but have been generous in making this project possible. It has been an act of faith on the parts of so many. In this light, I always recall the verse in Proverbs: 'When there is no vision, a people perish.' This has been a rather bold undertaking, but the bigger vision behind it is much greater than bricks and mortar. Bricks and mortar now, however, with your continued help, will begin to put tangible foundations under that vision of the League’s expressed goal of cultural renewal and of promoting 'the cultural, social, economic, and political wellbeing and independence of the Southern people.' It is hoped that other states will follow our lead and example.
Please join us. Send donations made out to the South Carolina League Building 'for the Abbeville League Building’ and mailed to the Building Coordinator, Dr Jim Kibler, 211 Peters Creek Road, Whitmire, SC 29178. The SCLoS is now a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation. Your donations are tax deductible.
♦ ♦♦
Why the South’s Lost Cause Isn't Lost
Contributed by Ron Holland North Carolina
The urban scholars from foreign capitals studied Washington and pronounced the city strange - yet familiar. ‘The thing that struck me the most said Vyacheslav Glazychev, of Moscow, is that I found the most Soviet and the most socialist city in the world is Washington, DC’ I Washington Post, 30 March 1998
Many ‘so called’ Washington historians, (apologists) on the payroll of the political establishment, have characterized their ‘misnamed’ Civil War and our defense against Lincoln’s War & invasion as the ‘Lost Cause’. Their job has been to cover up and rewrite the history of 250,000 Southerners who sacrificed their lives for Dixie. Yes, this brave battle to defend the original, constitutional republic as established by our patriot Founding Fathers of Jefferson, Franklin, Washington & Madison, was lost. These historians must make sure the world never knows the true history of how Lincoln’s actions forever destroyed the ‘checks and balances’ of our former American republic and replaced it with the evil, socialist, centralized Washington empire that today terrorizes US citizens at home and other peoples and nations around the world.
Yes, our first attempt to preserve and continue the original American patriot dream of state sovereignty and a weak, decentralized federal government here in the Confederate States of America
was destroyed by Lincoln’s War. A war directed against Southern volunteer armies, innocent black & white Southern civilians and widely accepted states rights under the Constitution. Lincoln and his special interest supporters won the war, and so instead standing trial for obvious murder and war crimes against civilians like Timothy McVeigh, Lincoln was canonized into a religious icon and consequently became the first Saint of the Washington Empire. Lincoln’s War was so terrible, the carnage so great that the Republicans were forced to remake Lincoln the despot into the great emancipator to somehow justify the death and destruction of his war.
The ‘Lost Cause’-More Washington Brainwashing & Propaganda
‘When the mass media in some foreign countries serve as megaphones for the rhetoric of their government, the result is ludicrous propaganda. When the mass media in our country serve as megaphones for the rhetoric of the US government, the result is responsible journalism.’ —Norman Solomon
Even the simple phrase ‘The Lost Cause’ is calculated propaganda to reinforce their brainwashing that resistance against the Washington Empire is futile at best and counter productive at worst. Those people (as Lee often termed our enemies) the media, financial and political elites & their ‘bought and paid for historians' always laugh & make fun of us down here in Dixie. Their media and press coverage demean and try to educate us to believe that our symbols are evil and celebrate racism and slavery. They tell us ‘Neo-Confederates’ that we are hopelessly
lost in the past. They say we must put regional pride and Southern heritage into the dust bin of history and embrace their brave new world of diversity, political correctness, and the worship of their almighty Yankee dollar.
The establishment press including the three networks, CNN, most newspapers owned by the media giants are generally anti-South and out to promote their own liberal agenda. Their constant message to us who value and want our Constitution, our Republic or our liberties back are to label us backward, ignorant rednecks and dinosaurs in the new Twenty-first Century of Washington big government.
But today, thanks to the internet they do not control our access to the alternative ‘freedom oriented’ daily news sites such as World Net Daily, LewRockwell.Com. Aw Shucks, Sierra Times, NewsMax, Ether Zone, the Asheville Tribune and our own Dixie Daily News. In addition, there are many more weekly and monthly sites like The LOS News Center, SPNC News, The Edgefield Journal, MO LOS and 180 Degrees True South. Thankfully, without effective total control of our news, they can not brainwash us any longer.
You Decide - Find the Real Dinosaur of the Twenty-First Century
‘But in Eastern Europe, the former Soviet Union, and Quebec, secession is associated with freedom, democracy, and the aspirations of the oppressed.’ - Thomas H. Naylor, The Boston Globe 20 July 1998.
Latvia did it; Scotland’s doing it: Why not Vermont?
July-August 2001
vol. 8 • no. 4
outfrern la
atnot
But, I'll let you all in on a secret! Washington’s real problem is that this is indeed a new 21*1 century, not the old 19,h or 20,h century period that did indeed favour the growth of empires and larger government. We live in a time of decentralization, secession, regional autonomy and independence movements that are sweeping the globe. The past centuries were the heyday of larger nations, the age of empires and big government. The time of socialist experiments in communism, national socialism and federalism.
Frankly, the Confederacy and our bold attempt at lawful, constitutional secession was going against the tide of history during the 19lh century. My question for each of you here today, what are the real dinosaurs now during the early years of the 21st century? Is it the movements toward regional autonomy and outright independence in the United Kingdom, the old Soviet Union, the old Eastern Block nations? Is it Bermuda, Northern Italy, Quebec, the Isle of Man and now this week the British Virgin Islands? How about the regional independence movements in the Philippines, Taiwan and Indonesia? Finally, what about our celebration of Southern pride, heritage and Southern Rights down here in Dixie and now taking the first steps toward independence once again? Are we the real dinosaurs in the world today? I think not!
‘Washington is not America. It has become an alien city-state that rules America, and much of the rest of the world, in the way that Rome ruled the Roman Empire.’ —Richard Maybury
Hie real political dinosaur today is an aging, centralized world empire, a
Moscow on the Potomac that knows its days are numbered, that its history and demise are already written just like all the centralized empires before it. If you want to see an aging dinosaur facing extinction because it can’t compete with the modem day internet age of devolution, free markets and freedom sweeping the globe, don’t look at the exploding independence movements here in Dixie or around the world, look North and East toward the decaying, alien city state of Washington DC. It can, even now, only exist by stealing the wealth and productive labor from the productive sectors of the US economy, all outside Washington DC.
The elites are horrified that after 136 years of sophisticated attempts at reeducation propaganda, a rewritten and falsified history and a even a new religion based on worshipping those that enslave us - that we in the South are willing to again consider resurrecting our Southern Republic. Why can’t they learn from history? Were the Nazis able to destroy democratic institutions and Christianity? No! Was the Soviet Union, the Pol Pot in Cambodia or Mao in Red China able to remake the majority of their citizens into brainwashed, communist robots like the PC crowd would like to do to us? No! It failed in these empires and it has and will continue to fail here in Dixie and all across the United States.
Washington’s attempts to destroy our history, prohibit our symbols and reeducate our children fail everyday when someone raises the Confederate Battle Flag in their yard or puts it on their truck. It fails when a Southern student wears a Confederate Flag to
15
school and bravely questions their right to outlaw our history. The enemies of Dixie, of Southern pride and of limited constitutional government will never win this war of cultural genocide against us as long as we stand and fight together.
15 November 1315: In the Battle at Morgarten, the Swiss beat the powerful Austrian empire. The men of Schwyz (canton) lured the Austrians into the hills, then ambushed them in a mountain pass, killing 1500, driving hundreds more into Lake Lucerne, and putting the rest to flight. The Swiss confederation of three cantons decided to name their young nation after the men who fought so well at Morgarten, and Helvetia became Switzerland.
15 November 1777: The Articles of Confederation were adopted by the Continental Congress, modeled after the Swiss Confederation, which likewise contained 13 states (cantons), since 1513. These Articles vested the conduct of war and foreign policy in a federal government (Congress) and left the rest to the states. Article II stated, ’each state retains its sovereignty, freedom and independence, and every power, jurisdiction and right, which is not by this Confederation expressly delegated to Congress.’
15 November 1860: Nine days after Abraham Lincoln's election. South Carolina circulated a petition among the 14 Southern states regarding creation of a new Confederacy, modeled after the 1777 confederacy, and, in turn, on the 1315 Swiss confederation.
- contributed by Gary Alexander
July-August 2001
vol. 8 • no. 4
From the Editor
As the new editor of the SOUTHERN PATRIOT, I want to express my thanks to the Board of Directors of the League and to Dr Hill for the confidence placed in me for this task.
In addition, please accept my apology for the lateness of this issue. The transition has taken longer than expected.
We all appreciate the tremendous job that Sara Hill has done editing this newsletter these past 5 years.
Please note that all correspondence for SOUTHERN PATRIOT should be sent to PO Box 2517, Selma, Alabama 36702-2517 or emailed to South2@juno.com. This includes news, coming events, and any other items such as 'Diapering Dixie' information that you wish published in this newsletter.
Submissions to be considered for publication must be typewritten, or sent in an electronic file.
Don’t forget that the League now has the capability of accepting credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet. org) and following the online directions.
To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the SOUTHERN PATRIOT, please note that the first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a ‘Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online, or mail to PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207
Nat Rudulph Editor
LS/LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
COMMISSION RATE 5 TO 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southern causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSEI Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA.
Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
16
New League Redshirts
The League is in the process of designing and producing LS pinpoint Oxford cloth redshirts for each State in Dixie.
Donna Jamison of Sweet Southern Belles has graciously agreed to take on this project. Individual chapters can have their own designs, and caps as well as other items are available. Some of the samples can be seen on the adjacent inside back cover.
Donna says:
1.	Every shirt or hat will be hand crafted especially for each person by a LS member in the CSA, not mass produced by a big corporation.
2.	Shirt sizes will be from infants to XXXL
3.	With every item that is purchased from Sweet Southern Belles a donation will be made to the LS
4.	Monogramming is available
5.	If you have a special emblem it can be put into stitches (for a nominal fee)
6.	For orders:
Sweet Southern Belles Rt 1 Box 459 Bluefield, Va 24605 (540)326-6728
e-mail:
sweetsouthernbelles@hotmail.com
7.	Colours of shirts or hats that I have in stock, all of these are embroidered. Shipping will be the responsibility of the person ordering.