November - December 2002
VOL. 9 • NO. 6
the League of the South
Post Office Box 14184 Monroe, LA 71207
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
ilResident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
The Big Lie
Hitler believed in telling the ‘big lie’ to advance the cancer of National Socialism. Those who have sought to destroy the South for the last 140 or so years are equally culpable in their campaigns to advance this agenda of revolutionary socialism. Socialism and the South cannot co-exist, so therefore the South must go. It is remarkable that the proponents of the 'big lie' have met with so little resistance from those who claim to love the South in particular and Western Christendom in general. Why have we allowed ourselves to be, as Franklin Sanders put it, ‘morally castrated?’
To understand what is being done to the South, one must first identify the nature of the ‘big lie' perpetrated against us. It can be simply distilled. On the one hand, the South was evil because it defended the institution of slavery; therefore, everything that our people suffered during the War and Reconstruction was deserved. Southerners can be ‘good’ only when we are willing to subscribe to the ‘big lie' and act accordingly (e.g. banning all the manifestations of our culture—flags, songs, monuments, etc.—and surrendering the principles for which those symbols stand). On the other, the north was good because it destroyed the institution of slavery and preserved a union dedicated to freedom and equality.
Southern slavery, of course, is presented as the world’s second greatest evil, barring only Hitler's ‘Final Solution.’ By acquiescing (wittingly or not) to the preposterous claim that the South was evil and deserved everything it suffered during the war and Reconstruction, we Southerners have entered into the debate at a decided disadvantage. We begin our counter-arguments always with a ‘Yes, but...' As long as we allow the opponent to frame the debate in this manner, we will lose. And losing means that sooner or later we will be dehumanized to the point that our very right to live and breath will be called into question.
Why have we allowed this to happen to us? Why do most Southerners automatically assume that they are the inheritors of a history and culture of unadulterated evil? It is because they have been afraid of the consequences of speaking the truth in an age in which truth has been discarded in favour of ideology. First of all. Southerners must understand that the institution of slavery
Angry White Men (with Guns) by Michael Hill	P	6
Heroic White Men (with Trucks) by Nat Rudulph	P	7
Verbal Independence - Lesson 8 by Jim Kibler	P	8
The Myth by Franklin Sanders	P	9
Misdirected Patriotism by Wayne Carlson	P	12
Cultivating Generous Hearts by David Rockett	P
itself is not, ipso facto, sinful. Rather, it is an institution regulated by Scripture (unlike, say, prostitution, which is surely forbidden). While individual slave owners sometimes sinned in their treatment of slaves, this does not make the institution sinful in and of itself. What is clearly sinful is the Enlightenment idea (advanced by the winners in 1865) that man is an autonomous individual who has no responsibility to any transcendent authority and that human ‘freedom’ is the highest ideal.
But the moral questions of slavery aside, it is also a colossal fabrication to posit that Lincoln and the north were fighting to eradicate slavery. As Dr Thomas DiLorenzo has shown in his book. The Real Lincoln, the main objectives of the war were to preserve the geographical union and to destroy the South (and the Constitution) via the Whigs* American System. Had the destruction of slavery been the issue, then Lincoln, far from being an astute statesman, was a terrible failure in that he found it necessary to prosecute a war to that end that led to over 600,000 military deaths. The truth is that Lincoln and the Republican Party he championed went to war in 1861 in order to destroy the Old Republic of the Founders and replace it with a Jacobin-like unitary state in which special interests prevailed over the consent of the governed. In the process, Lincoln and his henchmen unleashed an immoral total war against the South’s civilian population and followed that up with a decade of terrorism known as Reconstruction.
For from being the repository of the moral ‘evil’ of slavery, the antebellum South was the embodiment of the sort of society envisioned by the Founders.
Moreover, our Confederate ancestors were the antithesis of ‘rebels.’ They were the conservative defenders of a society based on ordered, constitutional liberty. The true ‘rebels’ were Lincoln and his followers who effected a revolution that overthrew the established moral, political, social, and economic order by what can truthfully be called America’s version of the French Revolution.
To be so-called ‘good Americans’ today, Southerners have been propagandized into believing the ‘big lie’ that their ancestors were evil men who pursued the un-American agenda of preserving slavery and destroying the sacred Union. In other words, we have been falsely persuaded to dishonour our forefathers (in a clear breach of the 5th Commandment) and to buy into the myth of the goodness of a godless revolution. No one has forced us to sell the truth for lies. We have done it on our own. We have forged our own chains by refusing to learn the truth and then speak it, regardless of consequence. There is a simple remedy for this malady, however. It is called virtue. Let us put aside fear and no longer bow to intimidation. Let us shed the moral uncertainly that causes us to remain silent when we ought to boldly assert the truth. And let us free our minds from the vile propaganda that inhibits our actions. To put it simply, we must fight back at every opportunity and destroy the ‘big lie.’ For if we don't, it will surely destroy us and we shall become hollow men. The South is civilisation’s last hope. It is as simple as that. Do your duty in all things. May God vindicate our Cause.
Michael Hill
President
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
P. O. BOX 14184 llpf MONROE, LA 71207 (800) 888-3163 email:JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Ruduiph Submissions must be in IBM compatible Ale and sent to ^oufb2@juno.com ||pror typewritten and sent to
2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT: Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS Jack Kershaw, J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev, J. SteveriWilkins Clyde Wilsbhi Ph.D.
& 2002 Alt rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71202. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of vour Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
November-December 2002
vol. 9 • no. 6
atrwt
AROUND THE LEAGUE
Former NAACP Chapter President H. K. Edgerton is halfway through his march of 1300 miles to promote Southern causes. Edgerton, a black man, has had many positive response, as well as stunned shock from some quarters, in his walk across Dixie from North Carolina to Texas with various Confederate flags. He also hopes to raise awareness as well as money for the Southern Legal Resource Center and SCV heritage defence. Website: www.southemcaucus.oig/hkedgerton.htm
ALABAMA
A 8 March 2003 the Alabama LS will hold their annual meeting in Montgomery. Dr Michael Hill will speak, Basic Gray will perform.
NORTH CAROLINA
The NCLS held a symposium on 2 November, 2002 in Wilmington. Fifty enthusiastic history buffs came to the Northeast Regional Library auditorium event. Dr Clyde Wilson’s talk, ‘The Myths of the War Between the States’, provided the theme of the symposium. Bernie Thuersam, chief organiser said: ‘Speakers challenged the usual court historians who are, as Dr Wilson rightly asserts, “too lazy to do research”. From Southern abolition societies, to the large number of emancipated blacks in pre-war North Carolina, to the military overthrow of Maryland’s government, to black soldiers in the Confederate armies, to the northern slave trading States, this Symposium challenged the conqueror’s version of the history of the WBTS.’ A book-signing by authors Dr Clyde Wilson and Craig Chapman followed the symposium.
Mike Tuggle, State Chair of the North Carolina League of the South, spoke
on ‘Southern Faith & Northern Unitarianism.’ Tim Manning, Sr. spoke on ‘Southern Civilians under fire.’
SOUTH CAROLINA
ft 7 December 2002 Dr Clyde Wilson will read from Carolina Cavalier at the League Building in Abbeville.
ft 14-15 December: Greenville Gunshow. Palmetto Expo Center. Contact Dennis Crocker, crocker@logicsouth.com
ft 17 December: Central. 7 pm. Upcountry Hedge School -Allfor the South. Presented by Lewis Towles. Contact Julie Ann Scott, waxnhot@cl icksouth.net.
ft 25 January 2003: Abbeville. 10:30 am. Dr Jacob Rivers will read from his new volume Cultural Values In The Southern Sporting Narrative. This is an excellent new book from USC Press. Treats how Southern morals and traditions are depicted in hunting and sporting writings. On the code of honourable sportsmanship in the South. Dr Rivers spent much of his youth hunting and fishing in the South Carolina Lowcountry. He now serves as director of USC’s office of veteran services. Free admission at The League Building.
TENNESSEE
ft 18 Jan. 2003 the Tennessee LS will hold their annual state meeting in the Nashville area. Dr Michael Hill and Franklin Sanders will speak. Call Buddy Kirtland for more information at 931.722.5129.
Ad Rates for Southern Patriot $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call for availability. (334)875-1552
A POST-ELECTION SUMMARY FROM THE LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
Election Day 2002 proved to be a fruitful one. Though all the races in which our own candidates ran (and those we supported and opposed) did not go our way, still the overall results were heartening. Remember, we lose only when we don’t run our own candidates against politicians who oppose what we believe or when we stand idly by and don’t campaign against those who have tried to discredit or destroy our inheritance as Southerners. As far as the League is concerned, there were no losers in this election campaign among those who either ran for office themselves or worked (successfully or not) to unseat ‘Turncoats' in the various Southern States. All of efforts will have a cumulative effect if we are determined to learn some lessons and hold the ground we’ve gained.
All the organisations in the growing Southern movement deserve credit for what they did in bringing about the results. This indeed was a joint effort among serveral organisations, and it proves what can be accomplished when we work together.
ALABAMA:	At	present,	the
Governor’s race is still undecided between incumbent Democrat Don Siegelman and GOP challenger Bob Riley. Siegelman has proven himself a foe of the Southern movement by his support of the Alabama Historical Commission’s plan to renovate the State Capitol grounds in Montgomery. The purpose of the renovation is to lessen the importance of the Confederacy and increase the visibility of the
November-December 2002
vol. 9 • no. 6
South
V
]outbern l.atriot
Civil Rights movement. Riley has promised us that he will scrap the renovation plans. Therefore, many Alabama LS members threw their support to him. Others voted for LS member John Sophocleus (Libertarian) who garnered some 23,000 votes (2% of the total). In other races. Confederate Heritage Fund chairman Roger Broxton (GOP) made a good showing against the incumbent Speaker of the House, Seth Hammett, in District 92. Roger, despite being outspent by a tremendous margin, got about one-third of the vote. Also, in Senate District, LS member Richard Motes (Libertarian) got about one-third of the vote against the Democrat incumbent Hank Sanders (husband of the infamous Rose Sanders of Selma). Richard's showing was remarkable considering this was an overwhelming black district.
ARKANSAS: Former League State Chairman, Steve Westerfield (Democrat) got 34% of the vote in his challenge against the Republican incumbent in House District 30.
GEORGIA: 'King Roy' Barnes (Democrat) lost. This is a major victory for the Southern movement, which worked ceaselessly to drive the scalawag from his Atlanta lair. Simply put, Barnes lost this election, in large part, because of the underhanded manner in which he deprived Georgians of their rightful State flag. The winner, GOP challenger Sonny Perdue, has promised the good folks of Georgia a referendum on the State flag issue. We'll be watching closely. In other races, LS member James Garner (GOP) lost a narrow race (though there will be a recount, we understand - he lost by 251 votes out of the 34,563 cast) in Senate District 31 to incumbent Democrat Nathan Dean. Dean supported Barnes in changing the State flag. Also, Mike
Crane, running on the Georgia Southern Party ticket, got well over 20% of the vote in his race for the Fannin County Commission chairmanship. Mike’s good showing forced a run-off, and he has been approached by the Democrats and Republicans for his support in that run-off election.
MISSISSIPPI: Voters in Harrison County (Biloxi) voted by 57% to 43% to keep the Confederate flag display on the beach at Biloxi.
NORTH CAROLINA: In the Tarheel State, League-endorsed candidates won 72% of their races. The figure was over 83% in the State Senate races. In House District 62, John Blust (GOP) defeated turncoat Flossie Boyd-Mclntyre by winning 62% of the vote. Blust had sponsored HB 1258 to protect Confederate monuments. Also, the LS hotly opposed incumbent turncoat Mark Crawford (GOP) in House District 115, who lost. In the Guilford County Superindenent race, turncoat Calvin Boykin, who defended the actions of Aycock school principal Melissa Harrelson and her charges against the UDC, lost after having received over 80% of the vote the last election.
SOUTH CAROLINA: Another turncoat Governor, Jim Hodges (Democrat), went down to ignominious defeat after opposing the Battleflag atop the State Capitol in Columbia. Also, turncoat Greg Ryberg (GOP) lost his bid for the State Treasurer’s office. On the winning side of the ledger were the following League-supported candidates: Charles Sharp (GOP and LS member). Commissioner of Agriculture; Grady Patterson (Demo), State Treasurer; Don Smith (GOP) reelected to House District 83; Thomas Rhoad re-elected to House District 90; John Graham Altman re-elected to
House District 119; Joe Wilson reelected to 2nd Congressional District; and J. Gresham Barrett won a seat in the 3rd Congressional District. Two other League members lost their races: Keith Todd (Constitution Party) lost in his bid for a seat in House District 11 and Bill Rentiers was defeated in his campaign for a seat on the Richland/ Lexington County School Board in District 5.
TEXAS: Jerry Patterson, a firm supporter of our heritage, was elected as Land Commissioner by a vote of 53%.
These results indeed ought to give us hope of the future. We have started small, but increasingly candidates for office are actively seeking us out for support or are doing all they can to avoid being labeled a ‘turncoat.’ Stay tuned. Things are going to get much more interesting next time around, God willing.
Michael Hill
Diapering Dixie
Please send a 'Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriot. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
Charity Elizabeth McCormack 26 October 2002 5th child of
Jeffrey Todd McCormack & Veronica McCormack P O Box 1031 Wiggins, MS 39577
MEMBERS: Be sure to send in all birth announcements to Southern Patriot for this feature.
Special League Book Offer
It Is with great pleasure that we are able to offer two books from Pelican Publishing Company by long-time League members: John Remington Graham's A CONSTITUTIONAL HISTORY OF SECESSION ($24.95) and the Kennedy brothers' bestselling classic THE SOUTH WAS RIGHT! ($22.95). By an agreement with Pelican, the League will receive 40% of the orders generated from the sale of these two books through the Southern Patriot. To order, call Pelican at 1-800-843-1724 and tell them you read about this offer in the League's newsletter. Please give them the League's reference code, "2LOS." These titles support our Cause and make great Christmas gifts for family and friends. A CONSTITUTIONAL HISTORY OF SECESSION has a foreword by Dr Donald Livingston. This comprehensive history traces the quest for a peaceable and lawful revolution, from Britain's Glorious Revolution to Canada’s current situation, with special emphasis on the constitutional questions raised by the War between the States. Graham devotes several chapters to the Confederate secession, addressing the issues of Southern abolitionists, South Carolina’s nullification crisis, the Missouri Compromise, the Southern Confederacy, the War between the States, and the Reconstruction Acts. 464 pages, including 10 illustrations, notes and index. Hardback.
LETTERS
Dr Hill,
Wright and I are both going to the University of North Alabama in Florence. We have a couple of classes together, one of which is American Literature through Whitman. According to the book and our teacher, the only things in American Literature from Columbus to Whitman involved Indian slavery, black slavery, and women’s rights. Frankly, it’s ridiculous, but affords many excuses to pick fights.
Without the League Summer Institute on Southern literature, I wouldn't know the vast scope of what our book’s editors book and our teacher are leaving out, i.e., most real literature. Second, as you might have guessed, no acceptable American literature book is complete without something from Lincoln. Ours was no exception, so we had to suffer through his Gettysburg Address and Second Inaugural Speech. Without the League Hedge Schools and Summer School on Reconstruction we would not have been able to make any meaningful, true criticisms of Lincoln. Building on what he had learned through these League
schools, though, Wright wrote a paper on Lincoln which he read in class. This paper started the single best discussion we’ve had in class this year.
It was surprising and gratifying to find out how many students in our class dont buy into the Lincoln myth. One student actually asked, 'If all of this stuff that we’re taught about Lincoln in high school isn’t true, and we find out the truth when we get into college, why are we taught this stuff anyway?
Somebody replied, 'To justify the deaths of over half a million people. If the leader responsible for a war that produced such death wasn’t righteous, then the cause of America is called into question. His goodness builds upon the myth ofa flawless government, without which no one trusts the government.'
I also noticed a student we don't know give a copy of The South was Right to our teacher before class. I want to thank you and the League of the South for offering us these schools. Our knowledge and ability to answer the lies of the South’s enemies are due to your efforts.
Best wishes,
Justin
LS Real Estate Raffle The half-acre parcel borders beautiful Town Creek in Elmore County, AL For more details contact Mike Whorton at (334)514-1988
|[GfV£~^OR^^&CKETFqf^^^^^^^LOT j keep this portion as a receipt for your records - proceeds benefit the LS
| Name___________________________________________
| Form of Payment____________Date	sent___________
I ONE $50 RAFFLE TICKET FOR TOWN CREEK LOT
I send this portion with your $50 donation (proceeds benefit the LS) to:
| Mike Whorton, 10524 US Hwy 231, Wetumpka, AL 36092
I Name__________________________________________
(Address____________________Phone________________
Icitv	State	Zip_______
i : :zr_zzr.=i~Lz n--_z zr.z_■	zr_z n-----—------
November-December 2002
VOL, 9 • no. 6
atnot
Angry White Men (With Guns)
by Michael Hill
Well, well, the Beltway snipers have been apprehended and they are not angry white men with guns. No sir, the authorities did not round up a cell of AK-47-toting Billy Bobs and Bubbas who had been taking out their frustrations on the gentle streets of the national capital and its surrounding environs. Instead, the FBI arrested two black men. The eldest, one John Allen Muhammad, is a US army vet and erstwhile security guard for the Nation of Islam. The other, 17-year-old John Lee Malvo, is an illegal immigrant from Jamaica who was let loose by the INS in Washington state.
Now that the two culprits are in custody and the crisis is apparently resolved, we learn that the ubiquitous Chief Moose, the FBI, BATF, and other law enforcement agencies had been engaged in a little ‘racial profiling’ of white men with guns. You see, the professional profilers know that white men are more likely to be serial killers than any other group (even moreso than blue-haired old ladies, who probably were second on the list of suspects). Therefore, these relentless guardians of the public safety spent an inordinate amount of time and resources tracking down suspected white gunowners in Maryland and Virginia. This in spite of witness reports rather early on that the suspected snipers were ‘dark skinned’ men. Nonetheless, the FBI and others went right ahead with the ‘white gunman’ theory.
It is now obviously quite politically incorrect to suggest that ‘dark skinned’ Muslims or illegal aliens might shoot
up the streets for religious or political reasons. After all, how can these folks be part of the ‘vast right-wing conspiracy ’ against our beneficient federal government and democracy itself? The consensus from a bevy of government profilers was that the sniper was a white ‘loner’ who killed for the thrill of killing. As a result of this theory, not a few law-abiding white men had their perfectly legal .223 caliber firearms confiscated in an anti-gun frenzy.
From the beginning, however, it seemed likely to some that the sniper (or more likely, the snipers) was in some way linked to an Islamic terrorist ‘sleeper cell’ that had received orders to awaken, or at the very least he was a Muslim with an agenda. Has not al-Qaida threatened exactly this sort of small scale terrorist activity within these United States? Anyhow, this appeared a more plausible scenario than a ‘lone wolf’ white killer.
But the real issue here is quite simple. White men with guns are to be cast as the real threat to democratic society in America. In contrast, all ‘dark skinned’ people (e.g. Muslim, black, Hispanic, Arab, etc.) are merely victims (or potential victims) who must be protected from evil, racist white men with guns. Actually, the issue runs even a bit deeper still. The illicit government in Washington, DC, and its junior partners on the State and local levels, know that the real threat to the tyranny they pursue is most likely to come from vigilant white men with guns who are jealous of their constitutional liberties. Conversely, most ‘dark skinned’ people have shown little aversion to the various forms of totalitarian government in our modern age. In fact, ‘big government’ poses as friend and protector of the ‘dark skinned’ masses everywhere. Nowhere is this more evi-
dent than in America’s current immigration policy and Washington’s firm commitment to multiculturalism and diversity (the new civic religion). The resulting ‘browning of America’ is seen as a good thing by white liberals, big business (cheap labour, you understand), and ‘dark skinned’ folks themselves, who see more power accompanying their growing numbers. Clearly, the chief enemies of these interests are the descendants of the white, Christian founding stock of America. What the anti-white PC crowd will not admit is that white men with guns historically have not been dangerous to civilized society in America, but rather necessary for its defence.
What the actions and attitudes of Chief Moose and his cohorts showed us is that law enforcement in America has become politicized. They suppressed the truth to advance a political agenda. The very first time an investigation is politicized, then the rule of law is dead. What we have seen here is no better than Stalinism in the old USSR.
As long as a completely politicized law enforcement and legal establishment favors the interests of ‘dark skinned’ people (including Arab Muslims and the black Nation of Islam) over those of white men, then we can expect more terrorism and chaos on the streets of America. It is past time for law-abiding, tax-paying white men (and their women and children) to seriously consider what sort of future they and their descendants are likely to have if this leftist agenda continues. If things are to change for the better, then white men must shed the ‘guilt’ heaped upon them by their opponents and defend their interests. If they do not, then they will soon be white men with nothing.
Dr Michael Hill is the LS President
Heroic White Men (With Trucks)
by Nat Rudulph
It was a ‘good ol’ boy,’ a ‘Bubba,’ who turned out to be the real hero of the sniper killings. The truth about Ron Lantz doesn't serve the PC stereotype, nor advance the agenda of the cultural elites, however, so it's unlikely you've heard anything more than a passing reference to him.
Mr Lantz is the kind of person mocked in the media: an ‘uneducated Southerner,’ from ‘fly over country.’
Worse than that, he's one of those folks who takes his faith seriously - who believes that it should be related to how he lives his life - and who really thinks that God intervenes in human affairs! That’s right. One of those ignorant, intolerant, and hateful fanatics, the very next thing to a ‘fundamentalist’ Islamic terrorist.
Worst of all, the 61 year-old trucker actually thinks God helped him find the snipers’ 1990 Caprice parked at a Maryland rest stop.
Ron Lantz teaches a Sunday School class at the Central Nazarene Church in Fort Wright, Kentucky. He also directs the church’s men’s ministry, and is involved in distributing food to the needy.
He drives his rig from from Kentucky with a load to deliver in Maryland most weekdays, usually listening to news and talk radio along the way.
As he heard news of each sniper attack, he was dismayed and outraged, like everyone else. But at some point he decided to do something more. He had a little time to spare, so he got on his
CB and announced that he would be leading a prayer service at a certain truck stop. About 50 truckers and over a hundred others showed up at the appointed time. They prayed for the victims and their families, but before leaving they added another prayer: they asked for God to help them catch the snipers.
The next Wednesday, 23 October, Ron Lantz was scheduled to be off. He was seldom called in on his day off, but this particular day he was called to come in to work. On the road he heard a news report describing the snipers’ car.
Then another unusual event occurred: Ron Lantz was pulled over by the police three separate times. Each stop delayed him 10 or more minutes. They checked over his paperwork and truck each time, and he got no citations.
As he was returning to Kentucky, he pulled into a rest stop on 1-70 in Frederick County, Maryland, and recognised the Chevy Caprice described in the news report earlier. He saw one suspect in the car, and the other laying on a nearby bench. Ron immediately called 911 and then moved his own truck up to block the rest stop exit. He got on his CB and asked another truck driver to block the entrance. Twenty minutes later the two snipers were arrested and taken away, within 30 miles from where Ron Lantz had led his prayer service.
Acclaimed as a hero in his home town. Ron Lantz said he ‘only done what anyone would do.’ And when offered the reward money of $100,000, he insisted that all of it be divided among the families of those who were killed by the sniper.
This is based mainly on an article from OpinionJournal.com by Brendan Mini ter. Mr Nat Rudulph is the SP editor.
7
The Circle of Saint Andrew
Since May 1999 League of the South President Michael Hill has been able to devote his attention full time to Southern causes, thanks to the gracious support of Southern Patriots who have fulfilled their pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund.
While every gift regardless of the amount is appreciated, The Circle of Saint Andrew has been created to acknowiedge those who make significant financial contributions to support Dr Hill and his work. The Circle of Saint Andrew includes all those who contribute $600 or more annually to the Presidential Salary Fund.
All Circle of St Andrew members are invited to a yearly reception and dinner, hosted by the League and held in connection with the annual conference, where they are presented with a Circle of St Andrew lapel pin. Circle members also will receive a personal letter each quarter from Dr Hill on matters regarding the League, projects, and agenda.
The LS Board of Directors urges all who do not yet qualify for membership in the Circle of St Andrew to make an appropriate pledge or to upgrade their current pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund. A form can be found on p. 16 of this issue.
November-December 2002
voi.. 9 • no. 6
]outl?ern latriot
Verbal Independence
LESSON EIGHT
TO PORCH OR NOT TO PORCH
by James Everett Kibler
In a recent Sandlapper magazine, a Mississippi couple visiting Upcountry South Carolina, was reported to have taught their hosts that in their part of Mississippi, the noun 'porch' is also used as a verb. They explained that it had always been customary with their family to say, 'Let's go outside and 'porch', meaning 'sit on the porch, relax on the porch'. I don’t think we Carolinians use the term, but we likely should; and perhaps this little lesson in Verbal Independence may be a means to spread the usage. If so, it will definitely be a 'Southern* thing. Who would ever expect a good Chicagoan to say, 'Let's go porch* ?
With a bringing back and strengthening of the best of our Southern culture, we must try to bring back porches themselves as centres of community and family life, as one of the ties that helps reinforce them. Porches are the places of remembrance, of tradition, of the practice and refinement of the art of good conversation. of the passing down of stories of the family, of the knitting of the fabric of a proper and genuine civilisation. Porches help forge the continuum that allows a society to call itself a true culture. They provide the proper nurturing setting for the continuum of heritage, as places both comforting and comfortable; and they are neighbouring things - saying. ‘ We are at home and not too busy or preoccupied to accept a visit'.
Perhaps one reason the South has slid in some ways to a debilitating * Modernism' is the absence of the porch on post World War II ranch style or suburban housing. In the nineteenth century, it would have
been unheard of to build a Southern home anywhere in the South without one or more large porches. In fact, in many instances, the houses almost became mere appendages of the porches, and much of the family activity was held on them. Take, for instance, the triple-tiered piazzas of Charleston and the great columned porches of the Mississippi River plantations. Even antebellum ‘cottage' architecture had its essential porches.
Indeed, added to the modem hermiticism of the air-conditioned 'den*, whose altar-shrine is the television set. modem porchless, sterile, unimaginative and people-unfriendly architecture has been a major anti-traditional force; it has been a major cause of the death of the sense of true community and a major encour-ager of selfishness and isolation. Modem American domestic architecture is yet another example of how the standardised one-style for the entire One-Nation-Indivisible has been destructive of traditional Southemess and has been harmful to the roots of Southern culture. The one-style-for-alI concept is efficient and ‘cost-effective* for builders and merchandisers; but, as usual, what works for one region is destructive to another. And, so it has been with the South, having imposed upon it for several decades after WW II, a kind of alien suburban ‘American* style.
So, first then, to be able to ‘porch*, we need porches on which ‘to porch*. It is encouraging to realise that porches can be added to straight ruler-drawn facades. Even a Bauhaus cube can have a porch attached. We can personalise -1 should say ‘Southemise’, the most impersonal, the most abstractly and mathematically alien object by bringing it into our humane, anti-abstractionist, people-oriented Southern tradition. Family, neighbours, community, hospitality, kindness, graciousness, tradition, re-
8
membrance, continuity, (in a single word-culture) this is what the porch has to offer to the alienation, isolation, fragmentation, and abstractionism of the so-called ‘Progressive* American era.
Therefore, by all means, let’s ‘porch’ more often, let’s ‘porch’ whenever and wherever we can. Let’s make an effort to ‘porch’, and let’s by all means call the ritual-activity ‘porching*. This we may do in honour of the true Southern couple who spread the word ‘porching* from Mississippi to Carolina, and now on to the members of the League. Such casual ly dropped comments as theirs can eventually make their way to a wide audience and have greater consequences than ever dreamed. If, indeed, their ‘to porch’ is their own unique family invention and not even used widely in Mississippi, we know that this is how language begins - as an emanation from the values of a culture and a way of living. If a word is needed to express an important action, it will be found, and in that word is the story of the speaker's way of life. When that way of life is shared by others, the word catches on.
Let's choose ‘to porch'. Let’s read and discuss our new issues of the Southern Patriot with family, neighbours and friends while ‘porching* to our heart's content. Hopefully, the initial activity will eventually lead to its becoming an indispensable habit, whose failure to repeat will cause this clear awareness of a void which we now only vaguely intuit. The loss and absence of the porches from our Southern lives might come properly to be realised as another appropriate symbol of the modem anti-tradi-tional cultural vacuum, whereas a resurgence of its building and use might be a clear sign of Southern cultural renewal.
Dr James Kibler is the cultural chair-man of the League of the South.
N6veiriber-Decern ber 2002
vou 9 • no. 6
atnot
The Myth
by Franklin Sanders
A friend sent me an article from First Things magazine, August/September 2002, entitled ‘Dixie, U.S.A.’ It was written by one James Nuechterlein.
At first one might conclude that this is pretty much standard fare for a yankee-written article about the South: ‘yankee goes South, surprised to find some Southerners wear shoes and their family tree forks, likes the food and the people but not so much religion, and goes home thinking the South wasn’t as bad as he thought, and under the surface just like yankees after all.’ You have read a thousand articles like that. However, this one contains something different, something far more pernicious. In fact, I would characterise it as the greatest threat to the South today.
THE GREATEST THREAT TO THE SOUTH
What am 1 talking about? A package of ideas that I will call ‘The Myth.' The Myth is what the yankee educational system is beating into the brains of every school child in the South, and students at university and graduate school level. The Myth is what television shows and magazines and newspapers propagate daily.
If The Myth only ridiculed, or better yet attacked us, it could do no damage. Rather, it historically and morally castrates us. Far better that we were foigot-ten and obliterated from history. The Myth identifies the Confederacy as first cousin to the evil Nazi regime. The Myth makes us pariahs of history, so dehumanised that we deserved whatever happened to us. The Myth intimidates anyone Southern from daring to support South.
Why is this important? It isaGramscian1 (GRAM-shee-un) campaign to change the climate of culture - received public opinion - so that The Myth is the reflexive and untested belief and judgement of the whole society. Southern society most of all.
A GRAMSC1AN CAMPAIGN: THE TITLE OF FORNICATION
An example will make clear what I mean by a ‘Gramscian campaign' and what it can accomplish. Consider the Title of Fornication, ‘Ms.’ The feminist move-1 ment concocted out of thin air in the early 1970s. The idea draped around it was men who refused to use it were automatically male chauvinist pigs who wanted to oppress |”~ women, women who refused to use it had no shred of self-respect, and everybody was going over to it, so you'd better get on board rather than insult some woman.
Almost overnight ‘Ms.’ became standard usage, but think about the baggage packed inside that Title of Fornication. Accepting it meant accepting all its underlying presuppositions. It stripped women of their honourable titles of ‘married’ or ‘virgin,’ and enforced the presupposition that no such distinction could be observed without insulting women. What civilisation for thousands of years had called honour was declared insult. For a woman to desire the title ‘Mrs.’, to want to be married and have children or to remain a virgin, became shameful and cowardly. The entire revolutionary feminist agenda and sexual revolution was packed into the Title of Fornication, and somebody foisted it off on us overnight.
This is Antonio Gramsci’s method of
effecting Revolution. Rather than overthrowing bourgeois society by violence, Gramsci aimed to change the cultural superstructure so that eventually Socialism became the moral standard of society (received public opinion), replacing Christianity. By changing the climate of public opinion. Socialism’s enemies would begin to think like Socialists without ever noticing, and then the Revolution would have occurred without shooting anyone.
Let your mind run over the last 50 or 100 years and you will spot numerous instances of the same technique. Think, for example, about abortion. What civilisation for ages had reckoned the most abominable and unnatural crime was transformed almost instantly into a morally neutral medical procedure. ‘Pre-meditated murder of babies in the womb’ was .converted into a ‘choice’ without moral import. In fact, by ‘choosing’ a woman is exalted to existentialist heroism. Or think about the sexual revolution, women in combat, homosexuals as a protected minority, or all-religions-are-equal. All of these were accomplished with breath-taking speed through a Gramscian campaign against the cultural climate of opinion.
THE MYTH
The Myth branches out in numerous directions, but its root is identifying chattel slavery as the greatest moral evil ever known to mankind, second only to Nazism. To make this charge stick is not hard in minds taught by the Revolution that humans must all be autonomous atoms, absolutely free. This of course is a ridiculous assertion, as experience daily teaches, but mod-
If The Myth only ridiculed, or better yet, attacked us, it could do no damage. Rather, it historically and morally castrates us..
Southern
atriot
ern society cherishes it as an article of faith. Since ‘freedom* is the greatest value and highest goal of every man. then ‘slavery* must be the opposite. The Gramscians (whether teachers or professors or media announcers or politicians or preachers or park rangers or docents or propagators or culture of whatever sort) must concoct all sorts of historical lies to make good their indictment, but that presents no problem. Because they have already poisoned the well - ‘slavery is the| greatest evil the world has ever seen and anyone who ever supported it or says anything good about it at all is a moral monster*
- very few people will challenge these historical lies.
Everyone has been pre-intimidated not to argue. This is the critical element of Gramsci’s success, tricking the opposition into squelching itself by stealing its moral self-assurance.
A branch from this root appears in this article: because the South was founded on a moral evil, she deserved whatever crimes the yankees committed against her. Thus Nuechterlein (along with other vectors of The Myth) claims that it was a ‘war of liberation for blacks.’ (Tell that to the blacks who died in the train of yankee armies everywhere.) Nuchterlein writes typically, ‘[The Atlanta museum] records the savagery of General Sherman’s march to the sea ... an early exercise in the brutalities of modern total war. But it offsets that with the recognition that for Southern blacks the Civil War was a war of liberation.’ To arrive at this conclusion, Nuechterlein, a former teacher of history, must suppress all the evidence
that shows that a vast number of Northerners and Northern soliders disliked negros and viewed slavery as a plot by racial traitors to replace white labour with black, as well as the behaviour of Northern armies toward blacks.
Nuechterlein follows with the assertion that no matter how good and noble the Southern people were, they still deserved what they got because they owned slaves. ‘1 came away from my (probably misguided) search for Dixie
more aware than before of the necessity of not allowing nostalgia to lapse into historical sentimentality. It is not wrong to regret much that was lost in the [Confederacy's] defeat... for example, the undoubted nobility of a Robert E. Lee... but regret for what was lost must not for a minute forget that the society for which Lee fought was built on human slavery ... The South had its elements of nobility, but its cause was morally indefensible at the core. And the north, whatever its own flaws, had in its vision of a Union dedicated to freedom and equality a cause very much worth defending.’
Having climbed this far out onto The Myth’s limb, you can hardly escape falling off into Nuechterlein’s conclusion, which is ‘The South had it coming, and it’s a good thing she got it.’
The most The Myth will allow us is a limited soldierly equality. From a visit to the Confederate Museum in New Orleans Nuechterlein records that ‘Its statement of purpose says that it is
dedicated to a "non-ideological approach” to the Civil War.’ Apparently that means ‘nobody was right.’ Surprising as this is coming from the Confederate Museum, it is in fact quite common, especially among Southern organisations. For Southerners to engage Yankees in a ‘non-ideological’ approach to the War is like me sitting down to discuss nutrition with a cannibal while I am his prisoner. We are not on equal ground. I am committed to eating food, while he is committed to eating me. It constitutes a profound moral horror to accord yankees moral equality in their persecution of the war. These are the people who broke with a 2000 year tradition of limited war in the west. These are the people who loosed upon the world the. inhuman, blood-drenched policies of total war and concentration camps, policies which have since claimed millions of lives. The man who can approach this performance ‘non-ideologically’ is neither a Southerner or a man, but a monster.
Another branch of the myth is that nowadays, even Southerners recognise the Confederacy was evil. During the Civil Rights era the benevolent Yankee government finally led Southerners out of their evil racism, and now they know the best thing for them is to become good little carbon copy yankees. ‘I returned from my trip with the sense ... that most Southerners intuitively understand all that [i.e., that the South was morally evil and the North morally good] which is why they today cultivate not a lost cause but a sturdy American patriotism.' (Funny, yankees don’t know any kind of patriotism but ‘sturdy.’ How about ‘rickety* patriotism? Isn’t that the kind that has to be propped up with lies like these?)
For Southerners to engage Yankees in a ‘non-ideological’ approach to the War is like me sitting down to discuss nutrition with a cannibal while I am his prisoner.... I am committed to eating food, while he is committed to eating me.
November-December 2002
vol. 9 • no. 6
Now since yankees have been making these assertions since before the War was over, why (you might wonder) bother about them now? Because Southerners are capitulating to The Myth. I ask my sons if anyone else in their college classes ever counters the professor when he asserts The Myth, and they tell me no one. The Myth is sweeping the country. Gramscian cleansing has trickled down even to the National Park System, where now park rangers also mouth The Myth.
Southerners are not countering The Myth. Unless we do, we are doomed. Every time, every single time, that a patriotic Southerner begins to buy a bumper sticker or flag to put on his car, and pulls back because he is intimidated by the thought somebody might think he is a racist, or slavery was evil, or somebody might knock his windows out, the Gramscian Myth wins another victory. What is defeating us? That fear, that intimidation, that moral stench which our enemies have planted against us. even in our own minds.
What is the source of this sudden Gramscian blitzkrieg? I confess, I don’t know. The elements always existed in yankee propaganda, and the NAACP resolutions in the early 1990s heightened the pressure, but the propaganda seems to be suddenly coming from all directions at once, fully articulated. Perhaps the reason lies in the South itself. As it is, the South would never fit into the cosy world of multicultural, multi-religious globalism.
But the source doesn’t matter. What matters is that we fight. We must consciously fight The Myth, we must hammer at it, come back, hammer again and again and again until we have smashed it to bits. We must destroy the
intimidation, and the ability to intimidate.
Sometimes I think I'm living in the Invasion of the Body Snatchers, surrounded by slobbering zombies unable to comprehend what is being done to them or what is at stake — zombies fighting for the other side. Can Southerners be so blind? Humanly speaking, the South is civilisation’s last chance. If the South goes, civilisation goes with it. If we fail, whatever follows us will have the bodies of men walking around, but I fear they will have no souls.
Endnote:
1. Bom in Sardinia in 1891, Antonio Gramsci (Gram-shee), helped found the Italian Communist Party and became a Marxist theoretician. Mussolini arrested him in 1926. In 1937 he died in a fascist prison._________________
When Gramsci visited Soviet Russia in the i early ‘20s, the vanguard of world revolution left him unimpressed.
He perceived that Soviet communism remained an ideology alien to the people and imposed by force. Because of the Russians’ existing loyalties and values, he concluded, socialism would never fit the country. Gramsci returned to Italy convinced that the road to socialist revolution led not through the political leadership of the Party, but through ‘reshaping consciousness in society.’
Gramsci reasoned that if the culture were changed so as to make socialism
acceptable, the revolution would occur naturally. In fact, changing culture to the extent that everyone thought as a socialist and approved socialist ‘ideals’ would BE the revolution. Socialism must replace Christianity as the source of all values.
Gramsci turned Marxist orthodoxy on its head, insisting that because culture determines politics and economics, the proper strategy for revolution was to capture the culture first. ‘In a developed society, the passage to socialism occurs neither by putsch nor by direct confrontation, but by the transformation of ideas, which is to say, a slow reshaping of consciousness.'
At stake in this war is the culture, the source of values. Because culture is propagated through the ‘consciousness industry’ — families, non-governmental organisations, government, schools, universities, social sciences, trade
unions, churches, and the print and broadcast media — these must be conquered in ‘the long march through the institutions.' By trans-forming the values and very mode of thinking of socialism’s enemies without their conscious knowledge, they would become socialism's allies. Therefore the first task of the Revolution is not to seize political power, but to undermine and transform Western values by seizing the culture.
Mr Franklin Sanders is a Tennessee patriot and a long time member of the League of the South.
Southerners are not countering The Myth. Unless we do, we are doomed.... If the South goes, civilisation goes with it. If we fail, whatever follows us will have the bodies of men walking around, but I fear they will have no souls.
November-December 2002
vol. 9 • no. 6
atriot
12
Misdirected
Patriotism
by Wayne Carlson
The Founding Fathers admonished us to remain ever vigilant against encroachments on our liberties, and God directed us to place no other Gods before him. Understanding and accepting these directives calls into question our acquiescence to the near universal practice, in the nation’s government schools, of indoctrinating our politically naive, impressionable children with the daily recital of what constitutes a secular prayer of submission to the omnipotent State. This subject was prompted by the recent decision at my own school to begin each day this year by pledging allegiance to ‘Old Glory.’ This loyalty oath to our national government, (symbolized by the flag,) will be ironically preceded by the implementation this year of a new Virginia law that mandates one minute of silence at the start of each school day. While the government is absolutely intolerant of any public expression of faith, acknowledgement, or allegiance to God on the part of teachers or students, in the very next minute, they are expected to utter a secular.prayer, (the Pledge of Allegiance) even invoking the name of God in the process.
Is our government so constituted that we should swear allegiance to it? If we call ourselves Christians, how can we allow our children to express such blind, unquestioning fidelity to an entity that today, expressly rejects the notion that God’s laws are sovereign and above all human laws? The founding fathers of both the United States and Confederate States, repeatedly ac-
knowledged the supremacy of Biblical law, which was accepted as the basis of all civil law, governance, and morality. Christians can only hold allegiance for civil government when it in turn embraces the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ. The plain truth that has been staring us in the face for some time now, is that our government sanctions infanticide through abortion, embraces immorality in the name of liberty and justice, and utterly repudiates many of the most precious principles which were established at our founding, such as, limited government, state sovereignty and ‘reserved powers,’ conditional suffrage, and the sanctity of the home, the family, and private property, to name but a few.
A pledge of allegiance to the flag of our government is not a real measure of our patriotism. Our patriotism is measured in our adherence to the principles of government expressed in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and in our determination to oppose those that would undermine, contort, or destroy their clear meaning and protections. Today, we are repeatedly told by government, and their minions in the media, that we are not now, nor have we ever been, a Christian nation. They boast that our government makes no distinction between Christianity or any other religious faith, or lack of faith. Even a cursory study of this nation’s founding will put to rest the lie that we were never a Christian nation, or intended to remain so. If you think otherwise, I would urge you to investigate this for yourself. While Christianity was never ‘established’ by the Constitution as the State religion, it was openly recognized as the basis of our law and culture. Perhaps this is why immigration was originally restricted
primarily to those Christian societies comprising Western Civilization, where assimilation into our Christian culture posed no threat to its survival and preeminence. Maybe we should be asking ourselv es if the secular attacks on Christianity today are somehow tied to newer laws that now almost exclusively allow for non-Western immigration into the U.S. Could the massive push in government, schools, and the media, promoting multiculturalism and diversity, all be part of a plan to reconstruct a society antithetical to that which the founding fathers envisioned? Of course it is. The only question remaining for us is, will we stand idle while our Christian culture and the founding principles of our government are undermined, repudiated, and destroyed?
1 will stand with the founding fathers, as well as those much- maligned latter-day patriots in the Confederate States that embraced their Christian heritage, and were vigilant in defending the Constitution and Bill of Rights from the 19th century usurpers that pale in comparison with those of the 20th century. When it comes to Christianity and the principles that gave birth to our freedom and independence,
I urge you to remain ever unreconstructed. Our allegiance is owed to Jesus Christ, not to a government that rejects him. Our children should not be subject to coercive indoctrination, especially without regard to a thorough understanding of what it is they are pledging allegiance to. We have to wonder why there is no corresponding pledge of fidelity to the Constitution and Bill of Rights.
In the entire world, only the US and the Philippines have a pledge to their flag. This naturally leads some of us
November-December 2002
vol. 9 • no. 6
to wonder why the rest of the world’s Republics and Democracies have chosen not to adopt this practice. Do they see the mindless idolatry that most of us have missed? Perhaps it would be profitable to point out some little known facts regarding the origin of the Pledge. It was first written in 1892 by a Boston Socialist by the name of Francis Bellamy. As a Socialist he joined a movement begun by his first cousin, Edward Bellamy, in which they advocated for the ‘nationalization’ of the American economy by the federal government, and lamented the ‘evils of capital ism.’ The Bellamys were successful in gaining the support of The National Education Association in promoting the pledge for all public school children as a patriotic gesture coinciding with the celebration of the 400th anniversary of Columbus’ discovery of America. The federal government eventually passed legislation sanctioning the use of the pledge and issuing instructions on how it was to be done. The reader might find it interesting to note that the recital was initially given with the arm fully extended in what we recognize today as ‘the Nazi salute’. It was changed to the hand over the heart during World War II for obvious reasons. Southerners may be interested to know that Bellamy included the word ‘indivisible’ by claiming that the Union fought the ‘Civil War’ (sic) to prove this. Placing our religious objections aside for a moment, on this basis alone we should oppose a pledge so uttered. It is an absolute denial of the same right that gave birth to the Republic in the first place. Do we not embrace the principle of ‘consent of the governed’ any longer? Is this right not clearly defined in The Declaration of Independence?
In conclusion, are there no circumstances under which allegiance to our government can be questioned? If not, then we are but slaves. I believe that Americans today are victims of government propaganda and a false and pernicious dogma that amounts to the worship of the all- powerful state. This is what passes for patriotism for today. This kind of patriotism must be challenged if we are going to retain any semblance of the liberty we were intended to have.
Mr Wayne Carlson is a Virginia Patriot and League of the South member
REAL LINCOLN HOME STUDY PROGRAM
FV Productions is proud to be a partner with Dr DiLorenzo to bring you a complete Study Guide Program on The Real Lincoln. Now you can add to your learning experience with a video supplement and workbook with reviews of each chapter. The video helps to clarify points of view and gives you expanded ideas of facts found in the book. The workbook will guide you through the book and give you excellent ideas for discussion. Dr Dilorenzo also recommends other reading material on the subject. This material is designed to be used by Home Schoolers, home study groups, colleges, and just for your personal knowledge. This Home Education Study Program is recommended for ages 14 on up. When you purchase yours, be sure to mention you heard about it here, to give the League commission credit. Go to http://www.fvp.info/ reallincoln/
13
No Fear
by Ken Gillespie
Beyond the dark temples Of industry’s towers Well lighted both night and day. Far beyond the wet streets.
The crime and the horrors,
‘Cross plains of Arkansas clay.
Out past the cotton agrowin’
The pickers rest in the shade, While the smoke of the factories Billows and blossoms, arrays Itself out among the fair flowers. The soil pursues its decay.
And the people do worship their false gods.
Idols standing to lay
Down their deceptive doctrines
In mass profusion obey.
The people all rise in unison. They are not afraid. And their Anthem a proclamation: ‘Confusion, confusion.
Confusion is the song of our day.’
Mr Ken Gillespie lives in Memphis.
ID
Cultivating
Generous
Hearts
by David Rockeit
Many of you I’m betting are like me. You'd rather be living a peaceful life of work, leisure and worship on your own small farm in an agrarian community with like-hearted Southerners. It'd beat the snot out of being stuck in town, much less working for a corporation, right? But developing agrarian communities, like anything else of real lasting value (like building The League of the South (LS), takes time and can’t be rushed. The agriculture analogy applies far more to life than our machine culture will admit: Do the slow hard work of cultivating the soil, weeding, and waiting, and in the long-run you'll get a better and more sustainable yield.
After talking it over several times with President Hill, we would like to try to cultivate charitable hearts among our League membership- stir up charitable sentiment for the LOS. By demonstrating different ways to give and plan your legacy, you can do tremendous good for our cause. Soon we hope our real life examples will come from what ya'II have actually done. So read the examples below carefully, and try to find yourself in them. If you aren’t there yet - then you’ll have something to shoot. A man without a vision is like a hunter with a loaded gun but no deer, rabbit, bear, or squirrel to shoot. In the end, our Savior hit the bottom line connection between our stuff and our heart, ‘Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.’
Charitable gift planning is not that
complicated. It can be a simple as tweaking what you’ve already got done - but in a way that more carefully reflects your heart. Below are a few simple examples that ought to apply to many of you. The real question is one of the heart - and its sentiment for our cause.
George Grumble is a good ole boy. He’s 48 and has been paying on a $250k 20-yr level term policy since he was 35. His wife Gloria (46) has the same policy for $ 100k and they pay right at $80 a month. But George and Gloria haven’t thought much about what would really happen to Greg (16) and Gretta (11) and the $350k if they die tomorrow in a wreck. Would the court/judge appoint Glenda (their married 23 year old daughter with two toddlers) as Greg and Gretta’s guardian? Who would get the $350 thousand and how, when? Are their children mature enough to handle receiving $350,000 in a lump sum at 21? Who’d tend to the money until then? And what about the church and League of the South they love and want to support after they die? There are just too many loose ends to leave dangling.
George and Gloria decide to get a little help getting their stuff in order. They learn they can set up simple Trusts and Wills that lay everything out just like they want it. They exchange their policies that will lapse in 6 years with 10 year level term policies that give them $400k and $200k for $ 10 a month less. The Grumbles will now leave their children $100,000 more money, carefully managed and distributed through the Trust over the years. In addition they also arrange for the Church and League of the South $75,000 each. Now they have their Legacy in order and it was done in a few weeks.
Miss Daisy Mae Flower is a widow and pays her League dues faithfully. She also gives an extra $ 100 dollars to the League sometimes. Daisy also has a $25,000 CD she plans to leave the League when she dies. Daisy is 63 and in average health. She learns she can go ahead and give $5,000 of the CD to the League for current needs, and another $5,000 she puts in a Equity-Index Annuity that pays her an immediate 6% bonus, and the League 5% per year ($250+). With the $15,000 Daisy has left she buys a $100,000 single premium life insurance policy naming the League as the beneficiary. If she named the Kershaw Foundation as the beneficiary (or any qualified charity) which held the policy in an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (1LIT), the $ 10,000 premium would qualify as a charitable contribution. She is delighted that her $25,000 future gift has become a $ 10,000 immediate gift, and a $100,000 Legacy more than 4 times its original value!
Bobby Joe and Billy Clyde Canfield are 27-year-old twins and faithful League members. Both would love to leave a Charitable Legacy to the League. Bobby-Joe learns he can buy a one-time, Single-Premium life insurance policy for $ 1,000 that will pay the League $15,000 in the event of his untimely death. Billy-Clyde opts for five $500 annual premiums for five years that buys him a $25,000 policy (leaving $ 10,000 to his parents, $5,000 for his little brother's education, and $10,000 to the League.) The multiplying feature of life insurance allows them, at their young ages, to leverage 15 times more than simply gifting the premium! Neither of them ever dreamed they’d have the potential to leave such a legacy. Now they talk of doing more in the future.
Dr Freddie Frugal is a 45-year-old successful OB GYN with a tax problem; he has little debt and a high annual income. He plans to leave the League of the South something when he dies, but hasn’t gotten around to settling on the details. He has a $1 million life insurance policy for his wife, five children, and aged parents and plans to get more. He gives the League a few thousand dollars a year. He learns that a single, $50,000 premium would buy him a $500,000 policy. Instead, he decides to give $25,000 to the League now, and pays a one-time $25,000 premium along with 5 more annual $5,000 premiums fora 3 million dollar policy. He has an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust to own the policy and gets a charitable deduction for all his contributions to the Kershaw Foundation. By contributing appreciated stock and mutual funds, he avoids capital gains taxes on their sale. Dr. Frugal multiplies his $50,000 to $3 million, $25,000 dollars I leaving $2 million to his family and a $1 million Legacy to the League.
What you should notice here is that some charitable planning is simple, while some is a bit more involved. Many can do more than they dream just tweaking their level term insurance. The family usually benefits with more money - and far more careful distribution. Charitable gifts can also be better structured with current Equity-Index Annuities that guarantees your principle with 3% annual gains and potential market-link returns, and gives you a 6% bonus up front. Ask me for a personal quote if you think you’re interested (agsteward@juno.com).
There are, however, three tragic errors that plague family gift and estate planning:
1)	Giving the wrong asset the
wrong way. Would most charitable givers enjoy giving 3-15 times their original gift- while saving taxes? Of course - they just don’t know how.
2)	Giving their social capital to the federal government via Estate Taxes. This is needless because estate taxes are voluntary. Most families simply don’t know they have options.
3)	Ruining their children or heirs by giving their inheritance to them the wrong way.
I can help you multiply your charitable gifts, think through the issues strategically, and plan your charitable giving and estate planning. But you gotta make the first move. See below.
High-Probability Selling
No one enjoys high-pressure sales -the customer or salesman. This old way of manipulating people to do what they really don’t want to do is filled with problems. Nor does it build long-term trust and confidence. THE CHARITABLE STEWARD follows the new High-Probability Selling process. This process gives you repeated opportunity to make commitments - or say no. Either is okay. Call toll-free I-866-8T0-Give and you will receive a free informative brochure. Those who complete an appointment will receive a free book. Beyond the Grave: The Right Way and the Wrong Way of Leaving Money to Your Children (and Others), by Gerald and Jeffery Condon, Esq. So, what do you want to do? The process is in your complete control. I hope you call toll-free 1-866-886-4483.
Mr Rockett, founder of The Agrarian Foundation and editor of The Agrarian Steward, lives with his wife (high-school sweetheart) of 27 years and their 8 children in Monroe, Louisiana. They are happy members of Auburn Avenue Presbyterian Church.
The League of the South Statement of Purpose:
We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people bv all honourable means.
To Join the League send a written statement that you support our purpose, and your name, address, phone number, along with your dues to P O Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207. Regular Membership is $40.00 per person annually, $60.00 for husband and wife. Legion of the South Membership is $125.00 continuing annual pledge, $200.00 for husband and wife. For more information call 1-800-888-3163.
The League accepts credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet. org) and following the online directions.
Renew Your League Membership: The first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a ‘Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online (www.dixienet. org), or PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207
Southern
atriot
Presidential Fund Pledge
The purpose of the Presidential Fund of the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation is to keep Dr Hill as full time president for the League of the South. Donations to the fund are tax-deductible. Coupon Books which simplify pledges to the Fund are available. Call 800-888-3163.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN: SAVE MONEY & MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTI-SOUTHERN CAUSES. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
+ Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIGI
+ Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
+ Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
+ Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
+ Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSE - consider switching your Long Distance carrier to LDA
LDA has provided a total of $7,209.88 to the League of the South since the inception of this program in October 1997, and a total of $1,278.63 this year to date.
Call David Williams (800) 535-0757 to sign up
i-----------------------------------------------------------1
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE (clip & mail)
Here's my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full time League of
the South President. Enclosed is (cheque/money order) $_,
one-time donation, or I pledge $________per	(month/year).
□ yes, I want to join THE CIRCLE OF SAINT ANDREW, so I am pledging a total of $600.00 per year or more. (See details page 7)
Name_____________________________________________________
Address_________________________________________________
City___________________State_____________Zip_____________
Telephone (____)_____________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this form to the MNK Foundation, c/o League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207. You will receive a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping along with the Kershaw Foundation's address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH EMPLOYMENT FUND
The League needs a full-time, professional staff, and your generous donation can make it happen. Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Employment Fund. Donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. The goals are to hire and support (1) a national field director. (2) a public relations director, (3) a part-time secretary for the national office, (4) a paid editor for this newsletter and for a League journal.
Yes, I want to help the League acquire a paid staff. Enclosed is (cheque/
money order) $_________,	and	I	pledge	$________per	(month/
year). Enclosed is (ck/m.o.) for $___one-time donation.
Name________________________ ____________________________
Address______________________
City____________________State_____________Zip____________
Telephone (____)______________
Mail to: League of the South, P O Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207
i___________________________________________________________i
November-December 2002
vol. 9 • no. 6