mriot
September - October 2003
VOL. 10 • NO. 5
the League of the South P. O. Box 760 Killen, AL 35645
“Hi? invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. “
Jefferson Davis
.^resident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Killen, Alabama
A Realistic Assessment
Each passing day brings new evidence that we Southerners are being dispossessed of our land, culture, and inheritance. It is bad enough that the signs and symbols of our heritage continue to be cast down all across Dixie. However, we also are being deluged by millions of Third World immigrants who refuse to be assimilated, are settling our lands, carrying strange diseases, using up scarce natural resources, and otherwise eating out our financial substance. But the most alarming thing I see is the apathy that grips our Southern brothers and sisters. The Italian poet Dante Alighieri, author of The Inferno, observed: The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crisis maintain their neutrality.' May the sons and daughters of the South avoid such a terrible end.
We in the League of the South (and in the Southern Movement in general) constitute only a tiny minority of Southerners who have been moved to take a stand. We find ourselves pitted against not only the innervating complacency of most of our fellow citizens, but also against an increasingly hostile media, a debauched popular culture that is swallowing our children whole, aggressive special interest minority groups, and an imperial Leviathan in Washington (with junior branches in our State capitals) that has successfully redefined 'patriotism' as worship of the state. Facing all this, what is a Southern Patriot to do?
Well, first of all. don't fall into despair. Though we are still a relatively small movement, our numbers and organisation continue to grow and solidify. In recent month, we have added numerous local and regional chapters and have begun to take to the streets to champion the interests of our own imperiled European Christian civilisation and the people historically within its cultural and ethnic bounds. Our first anti-immigration rally at the Mexican Consulate in Raleigh. North Carolina, was a success (thanks to Randy Jamison, Stan Poston, John Vinson, Mike Tuggle, and the North Carolina League membership). Our next rally is planned for early November in Floyd County, Virginia, and we are preparing to rally in Franklin County, Alabama, soon after that. Moreover, the League has joined battle against the unconstitutional USA Patriot Act and continues to produce a sound critique of the Iraq war and the lies and half-truths of the Establishment.
In South Carolina, the League helped to block a M. L. King, Jr. holiday in Greenville County, and we have become a political force of some note in the Palmetto State because of the efforts of State Chairman James Layden and State Director Robert Hayes. In Georgia, the League now hosts a one-hour
1
I
radio show every Friday on the largest Christian station in the Atlanta metro area. Also. Ray McBerry and the Georgia League are planning a ’flagging' of the G-7 conference on the coast in the Spring of 2004.
The long-delayed Grey Book project is back on track and should be completed by November. Plans are underway for the calling of a Southern National Congress in Montgomery, Alabama, in October 2004. The League co-sponsored the 3rJ annual Most Bodacious Hoedown and the Is' annual Southern Music Jam at Franklin Sanders* farm during the Labor Day weekend. We had a large and enthusiastic crowd. We are presently negotiating fora short-wave radio program; League scholars such as Clyde Wilson, James Kibler, Walter D. Kennedy, and Frank Connor continue to publish pro-Southern books; the demand for League membership literature is at an all-time high; our website, www.dixienet.org. under direction of Mike Tuggle and Jeff McCormack, has moved its Alexa ratings steadily upward, and we recently passed the one million mark in website 'hits.' League members James Garner (Georgia) and Chris Brown (Mississippi) are mounting serious State Senate campaigns. The League store in Abbeville. South Carolina, is doing a record business.
Fm happy to say that there are many more recent success stories within the various State and local League chapters. All in all. the League is doing quite well against long odds. As we near our tenth anniversarv as an
W
organisation, there are many reasons to be optimistic about the future. To answer my own question above-What is a Southern Patriot to do?—I would encourage you first of all to live
out your sublime culture. A wise man once said that living well is the best revenge. But to live well, we must divorce ourselves from the corporate culture that is literally killing our people. If you don't believe it is killing us—physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually—just take a walk outside and look around. As Franklin Sanders said, we are witnessing a 'silent genocide' against the Southern (and American) people.
Second, 1 implore you to keep a positive attitude about the Cause for which we fight. After all, we do have truth on our side, and just a bit of truth can dispel the darkest lies. The South, though it has suffered mightily, still remains the most culturally healthy region of America. Third, I urge you to increase your efforts to recruit new blood into the League. A realistic short-term goal would be to double our membership within a year. Numbers will increase our resources and influence. And last (but surely not least), let us be faithful to the God who created us and pray that He will answer in our day the prayer of Robert E. Lee that Providence would grant the South a name and a place among the nations of the earth. Deo Vindice!
Michael Hill
Killen, Alabama
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call for availability. (334)875-1552
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of The League of the South
P. O. BOX 760 KILLEN, AL 35645 (800) 888-3163 email:JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Rudulph Submissions must be in Microsoft Word, WordPerfect, PDF, or text file and emailed to south2@juno.com. Mail typewritten submissions to P. O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Jack Kershaw, J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
Franklin Sanders R. Gordon Thornton
© 2003 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British ortho-graphy and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
September - October 2003
VOL. 10 • NO. 5
GEORGIA
;& Fourth Thursday of each month
w
meetings will be held in Brunswick at Captain Joe's on Hwy 17 at 6pm. For more info call 912-267-6172.
MISSISSIPPI
i3r Great Revival in the Southern Armies Conference 15-17 June 2004 at Desoto County Civic Center in Southaven. Mississippi. Speakers will include John Weaver, Charles Baker. Lloyd Sprinkle, Ron Rumburg, Steve Woods, Cecil Fayard, Franklin Sanders. Dan Morse, & Gary Roper (subject to confirmation). More information forthcoming as become available.
NORTH CAROLINA
& 14-15 November 2003 Lincoln Reconsidered Conference. Join Dr. Clyde Wilson, Thomas DiLorenzo at the Comfort Suites of Greenboro, North Carolina, The Deep River Room. Inquiries concerning the Institute should be sent to Clyde Wilson . Director, 467 Pittsdowne Road. Columbia, South Carolina 29210; phone (803) 772-1145, Piedmont area conference contact is Tim Manning at (336) 644-9210.
SOUTH CAROLINA
Joseph Scott Goldsmith, a former North Greenville College art professor, was fired from his job last month because of his membership in the League of the South.
He filed a lawsuit in the Greenville County Court of Common Pleas charging that the school fired him after it discovered through an Internet search that he is a member of the League. Goldsmith attended a voluntary discussion for faculty members relating to the film, Gods
and Generals. the suit says. During the discussion ‘he expressed some opinions that apparently alerted some folks that he held some very strong views as it relates to Southern Heritage,' said his attorney, W. Andrew Arnold of Greenville.
On June 20, Jim Craft, chairman of the art department, told Goldsmith that he would no longer be teaching at the college because he was a member of the League of the South.
Arnold, Goldsmith's attorney, also represents Roxanne Walker Cordonier. who earlier this month filed suit against Clear Channel Communications alleging that she was fired for voicing anti-war statements as a co-host on the ‘Love and Hudson' Show. In both suits, the plaintiffs cite a South Carolina law that declares it illegal for an employer to terminate someone because of their political opinions. Arnold said Goldsmith's case is the classic situation in which the law applies. ‘This is really a case about the principle of the thing.' Arnold said.
TEXAS
£r First Thursday of each month at 6:30pm Austin Chapter Meeting at the Yarborough branch of the Austin Public Library, 2200 Hancock Dr. Contact alpheus_hall@juno.com
3
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH EMPLOYMENT FUND
The League needs a full-time, professional staff. Your generous donation can make it happen. The goals are to hire and support
(1)	a national field director,
(2)	a public relations director,
(3)	a part-time secretary for the national office,
(4)	a paid editor for this news-letter and for a League journal.
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for The Employment Fund. Please consider a continuing monthly pledge.
Mail to:
League of the South.
P O Box 760,
Killen, AL 35645
Donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
'...the Federal Judiciary; an irresponsible body (for impeachment is scarcely a scare-crow), working like gravity by night and by day, gaining a little today and a little tomorrow, and advancing it's noiseless step like a thief, over the field of jurisdiction, until all shall be usurped from the States, and the government of all be consolidated into one... when all government... in little as in great things, shall be drawn to Washington as the centre of all power, it will render powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we separated.'
-Thomas Jefferson, 1821
September - October 2003
voi.. 10 • \o. 5
REVIEW BY JACK KERSHAW
From Union to Empire; Essays in the Jeffersonian Tradition
by Clyde Wilson (The Foundation for American Education, PO Box 11851, Columbia SC 29211, 2003)
Professor Clyde N. Wilson's latest book. From Union to Empire; Essays in the Jeffersonian Tradition is remarkable in many ways. At one and the same time it is richly variegated and philosophically sound, while its style and form are consistently elegant.
Selected from over 300 articles written between I960 and 2001, this collection of 74 essays is organized into eight chapters: Agrarian Conservatism, Jeffersonians. The Lost Constitution. Empire. Imperial Irritations. Cons and Neocons. History and Historians, and Restoring the Republic. Wilson's grand symphonic theme. America of the Founders, carries the attentive reader along the labyrinthine paths and broad freeways of today's social and political scene, without slipping into the brambled thicket.
Wilson informs us that just beause
Thomas Jefferson perceived the plight
of the French with sympathy, he was
no Jacobin. Jefferson described the
Jacobins as ruthless doctrinaires who
essayed to rule by means of 0 0
unrelenting and brutal abstractions.
It is that Jefferson we need and who is our greatest asset against high-handed elites who oppress the people in the name of equality and popular rule. It is that Jefferson who said: 'I am for a
gov3ernment rigorously frugal and simple.' 'Were we directed from Washington when to sow, and when to reap, we should soon want bread.' 'There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talent.' 'I am not among those who fear the people. They, not the rich, are our dependence for continued freedom. And to preserve their independence, we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt. We must make our election between economy and liberty, or profusion and servitude.' (Emphasis in original.)
This language is eminently applicable to today's problems, and Professor Wilson covers them all. He observes: ’In my opinion there are, out there in the hinterlands, millions of us waiting for a reassertion of the "Principles of 1798" and for another "Revolution of 1800." But alas, we wait in vain for another Jefferson to lead.'
The variety of subjects in From Union to Empire will satisfy the most demanding. Biting analyses such as 'Why Thev Hate Jefferson' abound.
«r	0
along with telling vignettes on George Wallace. William Faulkner, Edmund Burke. St. George Tucker. Lani Guinier. Russell Kirk. Pat Buchanan, to mention a few - and not to mention 'Five Minutes with Governor Bush.'
Professor Wilson includes numerous reviews of books and movies. He analyzes the breadth, length and depth of their impact on modern people who respirate and walk around and vote -all without ever reading a book. Some of the movies Wilson reviews are Go tell the Spartans (1978), Saigon: Year of the Cat (1983). and Wake Island (1942). which he describes as:
...a propaganda film and a very good one. It shows Americans coming together to sacrifice their lives for their
4
country... because it is, under the circumstances, the right thing to do. There is not a word about saving the world for democracy, nor a single glowing tribute to Eleanor Roosevelt’s wonderful plans for postwar reconstruction; not even much about Mother, Apple Pie, and The Girl I left Behind. Instead there is something approaching the high mode of Western epic—courageously facing unavoidable fate.
A key essay in the “Lost Constitution" chapter begins by quoting Allen Tate:
I am convinced 'twas Calhoun who
divined
How the great western star’s last race
would run.
Professor Wilson elaborates:
My subject is our lost and stolen heritage of states rights.... Federalism implies states' rights, and states' rights imply a right of secession. The cause of states’ rights is the cause of liberty; they rise or fall together. If we had been able to maintain the real union of sovereign states founded by our forefathers, then they would not be. could not be. the imperial central state that we suffer under today.... A people’s culture may be changed by imperial edict to reflect a trumped-up multiculturalism (a sure sign of an empire), or their religion persecuted... violating one of the essential rules of republicanism, that the laws be equal to all.... The republican right of self-government and the right of self-determination both necessarily incorporate the right of secession....
You would think long and hard about even marriage, for instance, if you could not secede; and you would hesitate to form any incorporation that could not be dissolved. Any time you
September - October 2003
vol. 10 • no. 5
can't get out, you are virtually imprisoned.
Professor Wilson continues:
Government is legitimate in just so far as it rests upon consent, that is. the people accede to the government. Accede is the opposite of secede - the withdrawal of consent. The right to self-government rests on the right to w ithdraw' consent from an oppressive government. That is the only really effective restriction on power, in the final analysis. (Emphasis supplied.)
There is only one requirement I would impose on you in perusing this volume. You must read The Lincoln War Crimes Trial: A History Lesson’ first. After completing it. if you should have correctly anticipated the outcome of this lesson, please let me know, and I will send you a Battle Flag. I predict I will have no takers.
The charm of this collection of magisterial essays is that it is a well-tended vineyard. In strolling about, should you pause and rest awhile, reclining on your back with your mouth open, I promise a fully ripened voluptuous fruit will fall into your grateful orifice, and you will be healthier, wealthier, and wiser than ever before.
Rob Thornton’s Top Ten Reasons For Southron Nationhood
I .Southrons have a God-given right of self-preservation. The American Empire censors and discourages both Southern culture and Southern heritage, threatening the historical right of the Southern people to exist as a distinct group.
2.The Empire's education establishment dictates the education of Southern children. This leaves us with no real chance for local input.
3.In the I860's. the American Empire destroyed and confiscated the property of the Southern people while Southerners were acting within their rights. The injury did not end there. Because of this continuing campaign. Southerners suffer constant meddling and social engineering at the hands of non-elected judges and bureaucrats.
4.	Due to its moral depravity, continued association with the American Empire serves only to promote similar moral decay in our own people.
5.	Continued economic, oppression coupled with a repressive tax system that will never change, ensures that the American Empire will never allow the
South to advance beyond its status as a second class colony of the Empire.
6.	The American imperial system is rotten with corruption from its highest to its lowest levels. The system is a self-fullfilling prophecy with no hope of meaningful reform.
7.	The Empire purposefully ships the South's already low-wage jobs overseas via corporate greed and imperial trade agreements.
8.	A free society can exist only as long as there is a free exchange of ideas and freedom of association. The American Empire silences any Southern dissent by propaganda. harassment, blacklisting, or further oppression. Therefore, imperial American society is no longer a free society.
9.It is plain that Southern praticipation in the grand American experiment is no longer welcome, since no traditional Southron is allowed a seat on the Supreme Court or any of the Empire’s controlling bodies.
10.The American Empire has repeatedly encouraged the secession and recognised the independence of states seceding from other empires while using force to deny the Southern people that same right. According to the laws of nations and precedents set by past actions of the American Empire, the South has a natural, legal right to its freedom and independence.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN: SAVE MONEY & MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE LDA provides long distance for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTI-SOUTHERN CAUSES. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%. 20%. 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK. In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost.
+ Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
+ Dial 1 long distance service; easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
+ Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
+ Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
+ Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South, consider switching your Long Distance carrier to LDA. LDA has provided over $7,000 to the League of the South since the inception of this program in October 1997. Call David Williams 800.535.0757
September - October 2003
VOL 10# NO. 5
A Short History of Traditional Southern Pottery
by Clint Alderman Hartwell, Georgia
Unbeknownst to many in the South, we Southerners have our own unique style of pottery, which differs from any other made in North America or around the world. This unique form of pottery, which today has become an art. was developed in a tiny settlement in South Carolina called Edgefield, along about the turn of the nineteenth century.
It was produced by using a unique glaze known as an alkaline glaze, which combined wood-ash. clay, sand, and in later years, crushed Coca-Cola bottles. The clay was hand dug. and came from local clay deposits, and the combination of this clay with the glaze produced a unique olive green or tan color, which differed from any that had ever been made before. Forms such as jugs, chums, pitchers, and storage jars were turned on foot-powered, kick-wheels and ranged in size from a half gallon to forty gallons. The pieces were fired in a wood-fired kiln which reached a temperature of2.500° F. The pieces produced using this method were much stronger and more durable than other wares being produced in America at the time. These wares were used on every farm and plantation throughout the South before modern refrigeration came along, and they provided a means to preserve necessarv food-related items in the
w
warm Southern climate.
Over time, potters in Edgefield began to take on apprentices in the trade. These apprentices began to migrate to
other areas of the South, set up shops, and train others. By the year 1850, some one-thousand potters were practicing the Southern tradition from North Carolina to Texas and established alkaline glazed stoneware as a form of pottery known only to the South.
During the War to Prevent Southern Independence, many potters went to war, never to return, or were exempted from service in order to produce wares for the Confederate Army. They produced coffee mugs, various other items, and it is speculated that they could even have produced pottery grenades for soldiers to use in combat.
Following the war, yankee carpetbaggers began introducing a more easily obtainable glaze from Albany, New York, know as Albany Slip. It fired to a dark brown color and was far less elegant than the Southern alkaline glaze. Many Southern potters began using this glaze. Only a few areas continued to hold out into the twentieth century and to refuse the foreign material and method altogether.
Around 1920, glass -and metal containers slowly began replacing the pottery containers, and with the rise of modern refrigeration, the use of pottery became obsolete. This, coupled with the Great Depression, contributed to the demise of the Southern pottery tradition. Many of the few potters who survived shifted their production from traditional to garden or art wares which were much more in demand.
By the beginning of World War II, only two potters remained who were still practicing in the Southern alkaline tradition. One in Georgia named Cheever Meaders. and the other in North Carolina named Burlon Craig.
_________________________ 6
For the next thirty years, these two potters would remain the only link to the Southern alkaline tradition.
Fortunately, in the late 1960s, the Smithsonian Institute in Washington, D.C. did a documentary on these two potters and soon after, they received national acclaim for their efforts at preserving the craft. Mr Meaders died shortly after the documentary, but due to his success, his four sons, John, Lanier, Reggie, and Edwin took up the trade, took on apprentices and soon the craft was saved. A similar instanced occurred with Mr Craig of North Carolina. Today there are some twenty-five potters working in the South preserving the Southern alkaline glaze tradition in a true, unadulterated manner, continuing and perpetuating it so that all posterity can experience its wonder and beauty for generations to come.
Mr Clint Alderman is one of twenty-five remaining potters working in the Southern alkaline tradition. He was apprenticed to the craft by Edwin Meaders, son of Cheever Meaders, subject of the Smithsonian documentary. Contact him at: 2281 Deacon Light Rd, Hartwell, GA 30643.
A lovely example of Clint’s art, a one-gallon butter churn made using traditional Southern alkaline methods, will be raffled off in a drawing at the 2004 National Conference. You do not have to be present to win. Chances are SI.00 each.
SEND YOUR REQUEST to the League office at P. O. Box 760, Killen AL 35645 with check or money order stating your name and address, and how many tickets you want. Ticket stubs will be sent via return mail.
September - October 2003
vol. 10 • no. 5
Southern Patriot
VERBAL INDEPENDENCE LESSON ELEVEN
Rocky Mountain Hi
by James Everett Kihler
Back in the early 1960's in Upcountry South Carolina, no one in our family had ever married outside the area. Eighteen of my twenty first cousins took spouses from the vicinity, and most of them from our county. The nineteenth, the oldest of my cousins, was stationed at an air force base in the West, and took a bride from the mountains of Colorado. When she returned home with him to live in South Carolina, we younger cousins were nothing short of amazed to hear her clipped greeting: ‘Hi!' We had never heard the word before and some of us were frozen silent in amazement; while others giggled.. ‘Hi!’, she said. How funny! Some of the grownups commented too. that is, among themselves. None of us criticised our new cousin-in-law, or even thought to mention it. but nevertheless, noticed the address and novelty of it all. Well, Cousin Dee still says *Hi!', but what is most telling is that the majority of people in the state of South Carolina (even we cousins) now all say it too. It took less than three decades for ‘Hi' to become all the rage, and no doubt it is the standard greeting in a goodly part of the South today. The point of this little essay is to show that it wasn't always that way.
Personally, I still prefer ‘Hello' in a serious state of mind, or ‘Howdy’ in the casual. In perusing Upcountry South Carolina letters of the 1850s, I notice ‘Howdy' is commonly the familiar family greeting. ‘Give my howdies to the kin', one would write. ‘Our folks say “howdy” to yours.’ ‘Tell cousin Eula “Howdy”’. This may
sound like Texas to many East Coast Southerners today, but it was a common antebellum greeting in my part of Carolina. 1 suspect that because so many South Carolinians settled early Texas, or settled in Mississippi and then went on to settle Texas, that we can trace the derivation to a long Southern heritage. Before Carolina, I have no idea where the origins of the word lie. Some student of the language may no doubt be able to inform us.
We often hear the greeting, ‘How-de-do?' in old Southern greetings; and this may very well be the long form of ‘Howdy’. ‘How-de-do’ is no doubt itself also short for the gracious, ‘How do you do?’ - a rather distant way from the explosive ‘Hi!’ - almost an attack word, and certainly aggressive, sounding as an expletive, rather than as a question. The question ‘How do-you do?’ inquires after the health and well-being of the addressee. ‘Hi!', I’m afraid, is more like ‘Boo! Here I am!' This ‘Boo' greeting might be well and good in the Rocky Mountain culture, jangles a bit in our softly-mannered Southern land. Injustice to the word, however, might it not alsp be a further shortened form of ‘Howdy’ -sometimes pronounced, ‘Hidy’? Even so, it is now too far from its origin as a question to be noticeably as gracious.
I wonder, then, if we shouldn’t think twice about what words we use in our greetings. Why not use ‘How-do-you-do?’ and I personally see nothing wrong with ‘Howdy’. I use the latter all the time in the halls of academia — to the consternation of some of my English Department colleagues. I'm sure they mumble ‘Hayseed*, ‘Local Colour* or kinder moods, ‘How picturesque!' I’ve taken to saying ‘How-de-do’ on occasion if I feel especially playful that day. This gets all manner of reactions. Some of us
7
BOOK OFFERS
PELICAN PUBLISHERS & The LEAGUE of THE SOUTH
Call Pelican at 1-800-843-1724 to order James Kibler’s Child to the Waters, Donnie Kennedy's Myths of American Slavery, or John Remington Graham's A Constitutional History of Secession. The League will receive 40% of the sale price of any of these books. Be sure to give them the League's reference code: '2LOS' to insure that we receive our 40%. Thanks!
Southern boys are even given the courage to say at or near 5 o'clock, ‘Quitten time!’ - quoting the famous line from the beginning of Gone With the Wind-a line spoken in the Selznick movie by (1 believe) the immortal character, ‘Big Sam’.
I’ve entertained the idea of greeting these academic ‘local colour -picturesque’ seekers decked out with a garland of kudzu around my neck, with ‘How-de-do, Y'all’ on my lips, and a piping hot bowl of grits brought in to breakfast in my hand. (Or we Carolinians might prefer a bowl of Uncle Ben’s or Carolina Gold rice - a dish we often had in the summer in Upcountry Carolina in the 1950s and ’60s - yes, for breakfast, and often served cold, with tea (sweet iced tea, of course.) For we Southerners are a peculiar lot, picturesque, and endearingly innocuous — particularly we Southern males. So with kudzu garlands around our necks and ‘Howdy’ on our lips, may we confront the bland but aggressive world of‘Hi!’ and ‘You guys!’ with a passive resistance all our own, and in the inimitable, uniquely Rhett Butler, Southern, ‘don't-give-a-damn’ style.
Dr James Kihler is the League cultural chairman.
September - October 2003
VOL. 10 9 no. 5
The Silent Genocide
by Franklin Sanders PART ONE
The Christian idea has not been tried and found wanting.
It has been found difficult, and left untried. — G. K. Chesterton, 'What’s Wrong With the World’ (1910)
They (corporations) cannot commit treason, nor be outlawed, nor excommunicated, for they have no souls. — Sir Edward Coke (1552-1634) in 'Sutton’s Hospital Case,’ 10 Rep. 32
Not long ago my e-mail started acting up, downloading double and triple e-mails and timing out without downloading anything. My local Internet service provider is Earthlink, but my e-mail is forwarded from CompuServe. I hate to cal I customer service for either of these companies, because after a ten minute voice-mail maze they put you on hold for half an hour until one of their two technicians is available to handle your call.
Only this time, my call wound up in India. After the voice mail maze and the obligatory 30 minute wait, I got an Indian female. Now with all due respect, Indians believe they can speak English, but in fact what they speak only resembles English. What she did only resembled customer service, too. I'm sure she was speaking off a script on her screen, but even I, the computer illiterate, knew that what she was trying wouldn't work. Finally she gave up and passed the buck. Surely it was not Earthlink's fault, but CompuServe’s.
Once again. I went through the ten minute voice mail maze, then the 30 minute wait, tortured by bad Muzak. When a voice at last answered, it announced itself as ’James.’ But ’James’ spoke in heavily Indian tones. After explaining my problem several times. James, too, came to the conclusion that it must be Earthlink’s problem, and not CompuServe.
I had just wasted two hours on the telephone.
THE TREND
What I had run up against was not just Third World incompetence, but also the trend in customer services. That's right, industry after industry is closing down its customer service operations in the United States, and moving them to India or other low wage countries.
NOTE:	ALL	CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE MARY NOEL
KERSHAW FOUNDATION, WHETHER MADE TO THE PRESIDENTIAL FUND OR OTHERWISE, SHOULD BE MAILED TO:	THE	MARY NOEL KERSHAW
FOUNDATION, P O BOX 760, KILLEN, ALABAMA 35645, NOT TO THE NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE ADDRESS.
LEAGUE of The SOUTH INSTITUTE PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Here's my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full time League of the South President. Enclosed is
$___________,	one-time donation, (cheque/money
order) or
I pledge $_______________________per	(month/year).
___YES, I want to join THE CIRCLE OF SAINT
ANDREW, so I am pledging a total of $600.00 per year or more.
Name________________________________________
Address____________________________________
City________________________State Zip______
Telephone (_____)	_________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this form to the MNK Foundation, c/o League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. You will receive a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping.
All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
I___________________________________________  1
But it is not just Internet Service Providers that are moving their customer service to India. Corporations are also moving mortgage services to the Philippines, software engineering and programming to India, insurance and banking processing to Ireland, even hard engineering services, and who knows how many others. The following data from Richard Russell’s 7/2/2003 Dow Theory Letters, page 3, www.dowtherovletters.com. explains why they are moving. 'Average yearly salaries for Information Technology programmers:
US
Poland & Hungary India
Philippines
Russian Federation
China
Canada
Ireland
Israel
$63,331
$3,800 to $8,000
$5,880
$6,564
$5,000 to $7,500
$8,952
$28,174
$23,000 to $34,000 $15,000 to $38,000’
Flow many other industries are moving? (Part Two in the next Southern Patriot)
THE SOUTH UNDER SIEGE
1830 - 2000 By Frank Conner
PARTIAL CONTENTS
1.	Why various groups of Northern liberals have waged an ideological war against the white South from the 1830s until today, using black civil-rights as their excuse.
2.	Why the secession of states was lawful under the US Constitution.
3.	How the Cotton States seceded to avoid economic destruction by the North.
4.	Why President Lincoln started and ran the War of Northern Aggression virtually sin-glehandedly, when neither the US Congress nor the US Army wanted a war.
5.	Why the Radical Republicans imposed the horrors of Reconstruction I upon the South.
6.	How the Northerners kept an economic stranglehold on the postwar South into the 20 century, ruining the race relations between the whites and blacks in the South.
7.	How the white Southerners then had to disfranchise and segregate the blacks.
8.	How the Northern liberals continued their ideological war against the white South throughout the 20,h century.
9.	How the liberals ran the black-civil-rights movement as a war against the white South.
10.	How the liberals used the federal government to establish the first phase of Reconstruction II: the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (still in force).
11.	How the liberals used the black activists and the news/entertainment media to establish the second phase of Reconstruction II, which is now destroying the white South.
12.	How we can lawfully take back the South from the liberals.
For further details, or to order TI1E SOUTH UNDER SIEGE 1830 - 2000 by credit card, visit http://collards.Dhantacom.net. To order by mail, US residents (except Georgians) please send check or money order for $34.95 (Georgians send $37.40; Canadians send $42; all others send $50) to Collards Publishing Company, P.O. Box 71996, New-nan, Georgia 30271. Postage is prepaid; the book is shipped the same day your order is received. This is the book that many of us have been awaiting for decades.
2
Southern Patriot
good at the starting line.” Full of grit and energy, many of these folks will bum themselves out after a year or two or three. Wear and tear, frustration and disappointment takes its toll after a few laps around the track. We prepare ourselves for sprints rather than marathons.
What I would like to encourage in you all is a steely-eyed determination to stay the course until the end. I’ll repeat: Our quest for independence will not be cheap or easy. It will take hard work, patience, and "blood, treasure, and sacred honour,” to use the language of our noble ancestors.
The League is certainly not a perfect organisation. Your leaders are indeed flawed and sinful men with all of the associated shortcomings. We have made our share of mistakes and have lost some battles. But we are in this fight for the duration. 1 understand the frustrations that often beset our members; I experience them myself. It is common for all human organisations to wax and wane from time to time. We cannot be on a "high” all the time. As we mature, we will better leam how to keep steady through good times and bad. We will continue to win some fights and lose others. Such is the nature of the struggle. But remember this, when we fight, we win more than if we never fought at all. We shall continue to fight.
The League is your organisation, and I am blessed and honoured to be the leader of your organisation. While the League undoubtedly can do a better job in the coming months and years, there is much that we all together have already accomplished (for a list of some of these accomplishments, see the President’s Message in the September-October 2003 issue of this newsletter). Unfortunately, there has been a tendency within the Southern movement to try and reinvent the
wheel, so to speak, when we become frustrated. Some League members, for instance, have left for other newly formed organisations, hoping to find greener pastures. This I can understand if your top priority is not Southern independence. But if Southern independence is what you seek, there is no other organisation out there. The League is the vehicle we have had for the past decade; let’s make it work.
When you think about it, there are only two realistic choices: 1) to maintain the status quo of the American Empire; or 2) to forge an independent South. The two, of course, are mutually exclusive. There is no fence on which we can comfortable sit. We must make a choice. The Empire is doomed. It is a relic of a dead and discredited past. Independence for Dixie is our only real option. Reform of the existing system is the true Lost Cause. Do not let anyone tell you otherwise. If we dedicate ourselves to a free, prosperous, and independent South, it will, with the aid of Providence, become a marvelous reality.
We must continue to build our numbers through aggressive recruitment (see announcement of our early 2004 recruitment drive on page 3). Therefore, I am asking you all to pledge to recruit at least two new members in 2004. I also implore you to withdraw your consent from the Empire and its institutions and to begin building up our own. And whatever we do, let us do it with the utmost confidence and joy in our hearts and minds. We should expect to succeed.
As the old year closes and a new one begins, I pledge to rededicate myself to the League and our Cause. May God bless us in our endeavours.
Michael Hill
Killen, Alabama
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of The League of the South
P..O. BOX 760 KILLEN, AL 35645 (800) 888-3163 emaiLJMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Rudulph Submissions must be in Microsoft Word, WordPerfect, PDF, or text file and emailed to south2@juno.com. Mail typewritten submissions to P. O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Jack Kershaw, J.D.
Walter D. Kennedy Rev.; J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
Franklin Sanders R. Gordon Thornton
© 2003 Alt rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of vour Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
AROUND THE LEAGUE
ft 2004 LS Membership Drive
Now through 31 March 2004
The President and the League Board of Directors announce that the League’s first priority as the New Year approaches is recruitment. We, therefore, will begin an Annual Membership Drive that will run from now through 31 March 2004. The goal is to increase our membership 50%.
As incentive for current members to get out and recruit friends and neighbors, we are offering the Confederate silver dollar (see description on inside front cover) as a premium. The breakdown is as follows:
Recruit one (1) new Southern Patriot member: get I free Confederate silver dollar
Recruit two (2) new Regular Family members (2 husband-wife teams): get 1 free Confederate silver dollar
Recruit three (3) new Regular members: get I free Confederate silver dollar
Recruit six (6) new Student members: get 1 free Confederate silver dollar
Recruit any combination of the above where the combined dues equal or exceed $120: get I free Confederate silver dollar.
To receive credit for recruits, your name, city & state MUST be listed on the LS Membership Application form that comes into the League office along with dues. We suggest placing this information below the “Date” line, where it can be easily seen. Renewals of current members cannot be counted, but past members who re-join can be.
For the past two months, all outgoing League mail has included at least one
application form, but for those of you who still need them, they are available at no charge from your State Chairman. Those of you who live in states without organized chapters can request them from LS headquarters in Killen.
Reports will be compiled at the end of each month (January, February & March) and silver dollars will go out to winning recruiters. Their names and number of recruits will also be listed in the appropriate issue of The Southern Patriot. One Grand Prize (not yet determined) will be awarded to the member who recruits the most (in dues dollars) at the end of the drive.
Please participate! We can double our membership if everyone recruits just one new member!!!
ftDixieBroadcasting now FREE!
After one year DixieBroadcasting has become one of the most successful Internet Radio stations in the world and that was as a “subscription-only” station. Ray McBerry says 'thanks to our sponsors we have reached our original goal that we expected to be yet several years off... becoming FREE to the entire Internet!' Sign up for a FREE password at the website www.DixieBroadcasting.com
ALABAMA
Steve Fitts had agreed to serve as Alabama chairman for 2 years. His term has ended and he is stepping down and will be focusing on the Dallas county chapter and some other special projects within Alabama. Dr Hill and the board expressed their thanks to Steve for a job well done.
Upon consultation with the board, and prayer. Dr Hill has decided to take the Alabama State chairmanship for one year in order to learn firsthand some of the problems that a state chair faces.
3
The Coosa Co. League of the South Christmas Float won 3rd place against about 20 others. The float theme was Confederates marching home for Christmas 1863.
FLORIDA
Recently, Florida State chairman Mac Watters stepped down from his post. Dr Hill expressed thanks to Mac for his work for the League. Jeremy Andress of Milton will serve as interim State Chairman in Florida. Jeremy may be contacted at 850.626.3573 or Andress 1776@hotmail.com
GEORGIA
ft Fourth Thursday of each month meetings will be held in Brunswick at Captain Joe’s on Hwy 17 at 6pm. For more info call 912-267-6172.
ft 17 January 2004, Saturday, 10am-4pm. the Georgia LS will hold a Leadership Training in connection with a State Executive Committee Meeting with the topic: ‘Presenting the League & Recruiting’. It will be at McDonough (exact location TBA) 10am-4pm and any LOS members are invited. For more information call State Chairman Ray McBerry at 404.271.8473. Current local Georgia chapters include Floyd, Polk, Cobb-Bartow-Cherokee, West Georgia, West Central Georgia, Henry, Bibb, Central Savannah River Area, Athens, Wayne, Southeast GA, and Albany.
MISSISSIPPI
ft Great Revival in the Southern Armies Conference 15-17 June 2004 at Desoto County Civic Center in Southaven, Mississippi.
TEXAS
ft First Thursday of each month at 6:30pm Austin Chapter Meeting at the Yarborough branch of the Austin Public Library, 2200 Hancock Dr. Contact alpheus_hall@juno.com

Against Overwhelming
Odds - a Christmas Message
by Sara Hill
«r
Since 'Merry Christmas’ is not heard at the check-out counter of most retail stores that make up their year-long sales deficits off Christians and those who still nominally celebrate the Nativity. I wanted to wish you and yours a loud and resounding ‘Merry Christmas,' and also call you to ponder miracles. Yes, it was a miracle indeed when God himself was bom on earth to die for us. And not for a second wanting to shove that momentous fact into the background, I would like you to consider the miracle of your own birth and existence.
Against overwhelming odds, wouldn’t you say? Think about it. What were the odds 500 years ago that you would be alive at this very moment, reading this
newsletter? Or 100 years ago? Or even 5? If your Confederate ancestor had been killed in battle before he had children, if your mother and father had decided to go to a party instead of stay home the night you were conceived, if you had been ten seconds earlier going through the intersection where there had been a fatal accident, would you be here now reading this?
When I was a college student, I went on a whim to a bowling class with a friend of mine. There I met Michael Hill. Neither of us were regular bowlers. We were both in Tuscaloosa at The University of Alabama—not initially, I regret to say, because we were striving for academic excellence —but because Bear Bryant was there, and we were football fans. Had Bear Bryant not ‘heard Mama call,' Michael & I probably would not have met. And if we had not met, I wonder if there would be in existence today an
organisation called The League of the South. The League itself exists against what were over-whelming odds.
It is the same with our cause of Southern independence. We talk about it in similar terms: a fight against overwhelming odds, against superior numbers of men and materiel, on the fringe of things. We fight perhaps most of all against our own inclinations to settle into a comfortable coexistence with those who are our mortal enemies; against temptations to pride and opportunism; against our tendency to carp and complain because things do not whisk along at the same dizzying speed of a Matrix movie. Overwhelming odds, wouldn’t you say?
Yet principle dictates that we continue. When the right thing to do is unpopular, it is our duty, still, to do it. When we do not have the resources to do a big thing, we do it still, only smaller, and perhaps over and over.
In Memory of Mrs. David (Debbie) Jones Franklin, Tennessee
Buddy & Pat Kirtland
November-December 2003
voi, 10 •no* 6
accusatory - prompted his wide-eyed response. "Yest"
"Well that's the dumbest thing I ever heard."
And. as much as it hurts to say so. my
m	w
friend's bewildered wife was right.
My grandfather, a tobacco farmer, was not a tolerant man. He would not put up with laziness when there was work to be done, nor bullies, and he had no time for what we college-educated boys would call utopianism. To those who think we're going to bring back the 11-State CSA, with Richmond as its capital, my grandfather would rumble with a scowl and a shake of his head that "you cain't un-fry an egg." and he would be right. There is no going back. Not even to something that deserves to live again.
What you can do. however, is to salvage and renew what you do have.
And what we have -the most politically, culturally, and historically distinct of all the captive nations within the American empire- is worth fighting for. To me, in the face of the ongoing assault from the powers that be. including the media, the schools, and the special interest groups, it is nothing short of a breathtaking miracle that we are even alive. Just as a throbbing pain informs you that you’ve survived that wreck, our enemies' cruel insults and attacks tell us they see and fear our vitality and potential power at our command, power that our people have yet to grasp. That's why so many presidential candidates, many Southern themselves (though only nominally), must appeal to Southern identity; even liberal Democrats scheme to win our votes as they distance themselves from our cultural values.
But the Southern people do not understand the threat posed by Washington DC. Whoever is president, he will head a regime that will continue the process of replacing America's
historical demographics with more compliant Third-World peoples, who are accustomed to the kind of government that's now being put in place on the ruins of the constitutional, limited government established by the Founders. Make no mistake about it Big Government's appetite will consume freedoms and treasures as long as we allow it. That's why nothing less than Southern independence can save the Southern people. Our people still believe in the Smackdown hokum demonstrated by the "bad guy" liberal Democrats against the "good guy” conservative Republicans. The Nixons, the Newts, and yes. especially the Bushes, are really "Big Government conservatives" who fool our people with the vocabulary of conservatism while betraying them at every opportunity, from exporting jobs overseas to supporting affirmative action and floodtide immigration.
The reason Southern culture is under such blistering attacks these days is the same reason Christians were persecuted in ancient Rome: who we are constitutes a direct threat to the powers that be. A shared culture is the only legitimate, long-lasting foundation for genuine peace, for genuine order, and genuine, shared prosperity. The Neocons and their ideological partners, including the SPLC and the NAACP. must destroy our capacity for self-government if they are to expand their power and achieve their ideological and/or monetary goals. These people are so greedy and power-hungry that they do not care what long-term harm they do to the rest of the country.
Culture as an essential organising principle is the reason the number of countries in the world continues to grow, especially in the last few years. The megastate of the old Industrial Age has seen its time come and go. The horrific wars of the 20th century were the natural result of the rise of the artificial megastate, which knew no
6
other imperative than its own growth. These megastates failed to provide for basic human needs, both economic and emotional. The central control that the megastates needed to hold themselves together paralyzed human creativity and productivity, and their materialistic, universalis! ideologies failed to engage human needs of belonging (which is why the Soviet Union had to motivate its own citizens to fight the invading Nazis by casting the war as a battle to save Mother Russia, rather than to protect global communism). Now, there’s only one more universalist megastate left, and it is searching abroad for monsters to fight to justify its own existence. It found a useful monster in Iraq.
Indeed, the Iraqi invasion and occupation is blossoming into a textbook-of-the-future illustration of the mismatch between materialistic, universalist thinking and 21st century realities. Stung on 9/11 by terrorists enraged at its interventions in the Middle East, the US flailed at an invisible opponent the only way it could - with an inept military strike. What the Neocons could not grasp was that its enemy was not another ambitious megastate with defined borders and standing armies, but a shifting, quickly adapting organisation with an energizing sense of identity and purpose. Nevertheless, Bush and company referred to Iraq as “the front line in the war against terrorism,’’ as if there were a “front line" one could sketch on a map. Al-Qaeda's battlefield is everywhere and nowhere. Even worse, the Neocons’ willful ignorance of the power of culture and the inherent weakness of the ideological megastate led them to commit several deadly errors, including their failure to anticipate popular resistance to foreign invaders, their self-defeating disbanding of the two best means of holding the Iraqi megastate together, namely, the Baathist Party and the Iraqi Army, and
November-December 2003
vol. 10 • no. 6
their inability to grasp that the only way they can “pacify" Iraq is to allow it to peacefully devolve into three culturally distinct regions - but such ideas are not within the megastate-worshippers' realm of comprehension.
These lessons must be a vital part of the message we must bring to our people. An historical society is not a piece of machinery that can be reengineered at will. The only genuine, practical foundation for economic, political, and social order is a freely chosen, voluntary, organic community. Such a community can only rise from a shared culture - that is the lesson of history, of human nature, and of recent findings in psychology and organisational studies. We do not intend to cook up a dazzling new theory about how people ought to be. We are not talking about ideology. Instead, we work to unite our efforts to undo the damage done by the globalists, by the race racketeers, and by the social reengineers. We are here to celebrate the resurgence of the real things in life, of family bonds, of heritage, or our shared memories and values as a people. That's where genuine social bonds come from, not from an all-powerful government, and certainly not from a “proposition nation", which has never succeeded, and never will. Instead, the true foundation for social and political order and prosperity comes from our God-given character as a people. Far from being an indulgence in nostalgia, working to preserve one's own historic culture fulfills a deep biological need, and provides practical, immediate benefits.
2 - Re-tool
We are activists. We’re the ones who are smart enough to see what's going on and mad enough to do something about it. If you ask the average man and woman on the street about the shape our country is in, they'd agree that things are seriously wrong, but
would have no idea of the underlying problem, or how to fix it. What’s more worrisome is that most of our so-called leaders have no idea either. Let’s look at a few of the hot issues of today, and some proposals for fixing them:
-	the assault on Christianity has intensified in this country, with the Ten Commandments being taken out of public sight, and public prayer being outlawed in the schools
-	despite 9/11, our borders are as open as ever, and Third-World immigrants continue to take jobs and strain public services, including emergency rooms, schools, and public assistance
-	Liberals continue to make law-abiding gun owners criminals just because they choose to protect themselves
-	The traditional family is being undermined by homosexual activists as they push their agenda to win recognition for homosexual marriages, by increasingly intrusive Department of Social Services ideologues, and by the shocking rise of abortions
And what kind of solutions do we see being proposed by the “mainstream'* parties, and even some “Southern" activists?
-	various bills, and even Constitutional amendments, are being offered to keep IUnder God” in the Pledge of Allegiance
-	there s a Federal bill proposed that will “allow ” States to display the Ten Commandments, prompted by the disgraceful removal of the Ten Commandments in Montgomery, Alabama
-	the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), which has provided useful reports on the threat of uncontrolled immigration, wants a Federal law issued that will prevent the States from issuing drivers' licenses to illegal immigrants
7
-	Congress is considering a proposed Federal Marriage Amendment to the Constitution. This amendment seeks to define at the Federal level a marriage as between a man and a woman.
-	the National Rife Association of America considered opposing Rep. Ron Paul R-Texas in the next Congressional election for his vote to oppose H.R. 1036, the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. This is what Ron Paul had to say why he opposed H R. 1036 "It is long past time for Congress to recognize that not every problem requires a federal solution. I would remind my fellow supporters of gun rights that using unconstitutional federal powers to restrict state gun lawsuits makes it more likely those same powers will be used to restrict our gun rights. ”
Each of the “solutions” illustrates just how lost we are. Every one of those solutions cedes greater power and legitimacy to the Federal government, which in fact caused every one of the problems cited. And that is what makes the League of the South different from every other political movement today.
Think about the so-called solutions to the problems above. Some otherwise very smart people are pursuing contradictory, self-defeating actions. Why is this happening? It’s because this country has lost its sense of itself. It has been persuaded into believing that it is not a Western, Christian country, but a “proposition" nation, a nation of random individuals instead of members of a living cultural tradition. The loss of a unifying cultural tradition means we have lost our sense of identity and purpose as a people. Without that unifying culture, we pursue what we think are worthy ideas inside of “singleissue” organisations, such as the NRA, the Federation for American Immigration Reform, and others, but we end up working at cross-purposes.
Richard Weaver, one of North
Carolina's finest writers, warned against single-issue thinking 55 years ago. [p. 52, Ideas have Consequences:]
The return which the idealists propose is not a voyage backward in time but a return to center, which must be conceived metaphysically or theologically. They are seeking the one which endures and not the many which change and pass, and this search can be only described as looking for the truth. They are making the ancient affirmation that there is a center of things, and they point out that every feature of modern disintegration is a flight from this— toward periphery. It is a movement from unity to individualism. In proportion as man approaches the outer rim, he becomes lost in details, and the more he becomes preoccupied with details, the less he can understand them.
Once again, Richard Weaver was right on target. Society is so fragmented these days that we’ve lost our bearings. We instinctively oppose the megastate, yet flail against it while swallowing whole its destructive ideas, including its mechanistic, individualistic biases. Our intermediate goals, that is, the short-term projects that we dedicate ourselves to, should strengthen the community ties that will eventually enable us to reclaim local self-government. Our efforts must be focused around the inescapable truth of the human need for freely chosen, voluntary, organic communities. Edmund Burke, John C. Calhoun, and Richard Weaver recognised the natural human tendency to form organic communities as the starting point for all political understanding and action. We are not promoting an ideology, or some scheme for an ideal world. Our frame of reference comes from the time-tested values and way of life of our people. Our goal is to "advance the Cultural, Social, Economic, and
Political Well Being and Independence of the Southern People by all Honourable Means.” That real-life, historic frame of reference keeps us from pursuing contradictory and self-defeating measures, such as looking to the Federal government to help us cope with the problems the Federal government caused in the first place.
3 - Re-engage
Enough pontificating and preaching to the choir. It's time to act. Act effectively, act after doing your homework and arming yourself with the true history and political traditions of your people, but, damn it, act.
Our mission is practical, it is achievable, and it is urgent. Every step we take gives courage to those who had almost given up. Every time our leaders step forward and give voice to the justice of our Cause, more people listen, and more people respond. When you circulate a petition against racially divisive slave reparations, when you •organize against the construction of yet another Wal-Mart to save small towns and preserve farms, when you demonstrate against a high school principal who tells Southern school children that every culture is welcome but theirs, when you enlist your county commissioners and city councils to join in the growing effort to nullify the unconstitutional PATRIOT Act, you are sending shock waves that unnerve the entire empire. But you’re doing even more. You are also reawakening almost forgotten memories of a way of life that has been taken from us, a way of life that our enemies hated and envied. And as these memories reawaken, we are restoring the connections between present-day Southerners and a proud, daring generation that stormed the fields at Gettysburg and dared to stand up to tyranny. How is that possible? Because underneath the grime, the cynicism, and disillusion of modem life are the hearts and soul of proud
8
Southern warriors.
To achieve change, determined leaders must organise an action program that addresses the problems their people face. What sparks people in your community to action? Floodtide immigration? Crime? Poor schools? Our challenge is to demonstrate to our neighbours that the cause of the disruptions in their lives is, in each case, a remote, greedy, centralized government. In each case, the underlying order of a free, organic society is being disrupted by a foreign power. And in each case, the people will rally around a core leadership dedicated to achieving a core mission. Our leaders must set an example for their people, organising and implementing projects that create a shared sense of purpose. These projects will reflect their own cultural values and address real problems. As these values take the form of small-scale projects, people can see their own culture manifesting itself again. At a critical point, a magical thing will happen, and a true community will spring back to life - aware of itself, confident of its own identity, values, and purpose.
Some will argue that we cannot express our cultural values in the political realm until we first restore the culture. I disagree. Our culture, the sum total of our relationships, is the outward expression of our God-given character, and all the force of political correctness can do is to silence us. They cannot recreate us, and they will never reconstruct us. To cure a wound, you must first remove the bullet. Then the wound can heal itself. Once the corrupting influence of Washington DC has been ended, our culture will be free to re-create itself again
Our people are ready. They are ready to end the terror, end the exploitation, and end the slander against our ancestors and our children. They are ready to reclaim the pride and dignity
that is theirs, and can only be theirs when they have a country of their own.
But, as in every human endeavour, it takes leadership. Someone has to give direction to the movement for it to succeed. That's where you come in.
In an age when the old ideological empires are giving way to voluntary, organic nations, our message belongs to the future. It’s the old 19th and 20th century empires that are trying to hold onto a dead past. The future we see is a future of mutual respect replacing a dying world where firebombs and high-altitude bombing force our own people and the rest of the world to submit to the will of Janet Reno or Paul Wolfowitz. The future we see is a future with a humane economy replacing the special favours and public subsidies for the well-connected, while the rest lose jobs to China, Vietnam, and India.
Folks, this is a wonderful time to be alive, a wonderful time to be working for a righteous Cause. The Southern people, the real American people, and the people of the world need our message, they need our commitment, and they need you. God save the South.
The Silent Genocide
by Franklin Sanders
PART TWO
FROM MANUFACTURING TO SERVICES TO UNEMPLOYMENT
The globalisation gurus were telling us 15-20 years ago not to worry about destroying US manufacturing and exporting manufacturing jobs overseas. The US would become a service economy and sell services to the world, and we'd all get rich doing each other’s laundry, world without end, amen.
Today we are finding out the truth. Before our eyes are being played out George Fitzhugh’s insights from his 1852 classic, Cannibals All! Fitzhugh, a Southern apologist for slavery,
pointed out the fatal weakness of the so-called ‘free labour system’ Once the serfs had been freed, all the old customs, laws, and institutions that had protected them at least in part from the exploitation of their masters vanished. Also, it created a vast surplus of labourers. Where before emancipation their masters were responsible to provide for them in infancy, sickness, infirmity, and old age, now no one cared for them. Because the power of capital was so much deeper than that of labour, capital would always grind wages down to starvation rates. Because the competition for jobs is so fierce in an oversupplied market, labourers would vie with each other to lower their own wages, just to get a job. For proof, Fitzhugh pointed to the abusive treatment of labourers in England and New England in his day.
CORPORATIONS RATIONALIZE
Add to the shift of technical services and engineering overseas ‘corporate restructuring’ at home. (Recent headline, ‘RJR restructuring to eliminate 40% of jobs.’) As the economy contracts, more companies fold or are bought out. In every industry power is concentrated into fewer and fewer hands.
And stop kidding yourselves. Corporate kingpins don’t care near as much about employees as a medieval lord cared about his serfs.
When the buy-out occurs, the first thing the new broom does is sweep clean. All the experienced personnel who have worked there long enough to acquire competence, vacation time, and a higher pay scale are swept out. They are replaced with the young, inexperienced — and cheap. Without recounting the details, in the last six months I've seen friends mauled, lied to, defrauded, and laid off by conniving corporate leadership. ‘Despicable’ is the nicest word that comes to mind to describe these shameless exploiters.
_____________________ 9
Huge numbers of middle class, middle management people are finding themselves not merely unemployed, but unemployable.
What sort of future can US workers expect? None, it seems, other than an ever-shrinking income and standard of living. Globalisation will only level down, not up.
NOT LIMITED TO ECONOMICS
Ruminating on all these gloomy trends, I was driving home from church when I saw a man afflicted with obesity standing outside his trailer.
Genocide! - Suddenly I saw the system of industrial capitalism from 100 different angles at once, and all led to the same conclusion: genocide. Modem industrial capitalism promotes genocide. Now understand that I’m not talking about free enterprise, but ‘the American Way,’ the government-big business partnership that rules us.
WAR ON HEALTH
Think about it. It promotes a sedentary, indoor, passive life style centred around TV and ‘entertainment* and as little exercise as possible. Life outside the air-conditioning lies beyond the discomfort level people should be made to suffer. The food industry and its massive advertising apparatus promote a high carbohydrate, sugar-saturated, highly processed diet utterly bereft of live, fresh, or nutritious foods. This leads to obesity, high blood pressure, epidemic diabetes, food allergies, asthma, chronic indigestion, cancer, etc. (1 have to laugh out loud every time I walk into a hospital with that smug sign out front, ‘This is a smoke free environment.’ Yeah, but inside they’re poisoning every poor patient with sugar, carbs, and drugs. Plain, untreated tobacco has never killed a tenth of the people sugar has.)
In other words, the system promotes personal living habits that kill you. The millions of people who suffer are
Southern Patriot ---------------------------------
genuinely victims, because they are propagandised to adopt the life style that kills them, and propagandised to reject any alternatives. (The fiercest government wrath and persecution is reserved for those who witlessly discover and artlessly promote health alternatives.)
WAR ON HUMANS
Socially the system profoundly hates humanity. It promotes a frantic sexual preoccupation through feminism, homosexuality, and the entire Kulturapparat out of Hollywood. Yet it remains a pointless sexual preoccupation, because contraception, abortion, and a deep-seated, ubiquitous prejudice against children disrupt normal fertility.
If stuffing the gut and playing the slut brings problems, then the system provides the blessings of pharmaceuticals (from the Greek -pharmakeueinto practice witchcraft). Are you tired? Dyspeptic? Depressed? Manic? Mad? Motivationless? Doesn't matter, modem witchcraft can fix it. And if your prescription solves one complaint but raises two more, well, we’ll just write two more. (By the way, I asked a pharmacist what prescription she filled most often. She paused a minute and said, ‘Hard to say off the top of my head, probably Xantac or some other anti-indigestion prescription — that, or blood pressure medication.’)
Alduous Huxley seems to have envisioned the future correctly in Brave New World. Oh, sure, the details may differ, but all in all the modem witchcraft has just about replaced religion, and the state has replaced the family. The old customs, laws, and institutions that once protected us from our masters have vanished. It’s a bad time .to discover also that our masters have no souls.
A COVENANT WITH DEATH
Now the outcome of all these trends - rooting out Christianity, shipping jobs overseas, promoting health-destroying lifestyles, materialism, a-drug-under-every-rug, and depopulation-intentionally or not, constitute genocide against all Americans. They are destroying us as a people, and resettling the land with Third World immigrants who don’t expect to live well, and won’t complain if they don’t.
Years ago, government and business convinced our fathers, and then us, to trade independence and self-sufficiency for economic benefits — leisure and wealth and welfare and medical care, new gods for the old. They promised security from cradle to grave, but in 2007 state-run social security systems around the world will begin bankrupting. Corporate pension funds are already in trouble, and who knows whether state and federal pension systems are truly solvent?
Now that we have given up our birthright, they are reneging on their promise. The new gods have feet of clay. In the end, they will have stripped us of land, independence, prosperity, posterity, and, finally, life itself. Even in these modern times, a mess of pottage remains a lousy deal.
TO
PIBROCH OF SOUTHERN FEALTY
by Art Livingston
O Lost, and by the wind, grieved ghost, come again!
Owl hours yestreen I heard upon the breeze A skirling ghostly drone; forgotten shouts Bookended notes of bonnie blue, sad teared Lorena letting clouds roll by, look away.
These faded dissolved one tone polyphony.
Feuding clansmen descending rough rilled hills Mingled lithe leveled, saddle loping horsemen. Thoroughbreds all, black mountain, blue grass.
They caught the drone and held it high aloft.
Then jumped an octave, howling Chairlie’s loss.
Then geisting wails assailed a piedmont planter Whose blood absorbed the loss of ‘46,
Hacked plaid along the road to Inverness;
That voice, though stilled a century and more Re echoed through the orchards and the rice.
Tory bluff merchants spread that joy of ache Though long removed from homeland bogs and moors. And nearly yeomen brothers sworn in plan and sword. Yes my kinsmen too took up that cry.
Prepared for battle, left their homes to die.
Next some cracker swampland mossy voice And shoremen hearing yet Spanish tinge and chant. Swelled that catch. The air then washed the soil With stark resistance, growing new land flowers Heralded upon a time as white cockade.
Gulf bay sailors, protecting, spread west New lands where first our capitol forsook Encroaching greed though foreign temptings fueled Perennial shame of evil be my good.
His wings still shadow, blur all liberty.
Delta blue and delta silt they came.
Rich soiled and father watered intellect And will where demos crossed palms with servile chains To free where all to freedom keeps right that boat That saves our levees, saves each one who bags the flood.
November-December 2003
vol. 10 • no. 6
Southern Patriot —
File' spicemen pirogued with taut patois And those who added overtone to throat And plea, o tree evangeline, they mourn The loss of arcady Yes, one strides forth at dawn To shell the rendezvous, the new armada's fort.
Some more, mission fort still remembered.
Breaking free the land become their own To enter one star cross starred abandon hope When first you enter; leaving's not so keen A proposition as the getting in.
Three voices strand the rope and hum, encharmed;
Each through each they weave, becoming one An ethnogenesis? spilled guts of Wallace?
Where somehow foreign forest syncopations Make whole two tribes. Can day be without night?
By side they plow which mastering which when weeds Need tugging? Who could watch then and say “Owner, bondsman" so like sprouted plants Together sewing, reaping adopted kind.
In church, old blue light's family sat with him
What can I say of those whose patrimony Drowned across a middle passage? That God Brings good from evil? Shamed are we who utter Raw truth that jars but does not satisfy;
Some died, some shackled but what alternative?
Before these hillsides flowered butternut.
They came, they took their stand, and lived, and...
They looked away. They shouldered muskets, rent The air with screams of ancient hills and verse.
Beside a fire, their voices sang of brother bands.
I still hear those spirit voices chant and charge;
At night, when stink of city dies enough To scent the unseen rose, the cannons' beat A tympani; the strings lay lapped, the bass Quick swells; a chorus blares it high staffed note.
Enraptured forebears seem to bid me come And dodge the minnie balls. I sojourn dreamed.
A whistle doplers over me. I cringe.
Can I summon what I can to join their list?
Can MY lungs emit those notes that send them forth?
------------------------------------------------  II
Returned to room, a form appears, his sword Drawn and honed, “Son of my son of my son And once more yet, we can no longer speak Nor loft our banner. Tell me, will you, sir.
Have our people risen, honour filled?"
“Usurpers lie who deem unjust those breaking bonds That once enknotted one to each; our sin Too long maintaining others’ bonds too slow.
Entombed with filth, ricocheted and struck Our bone, for even yet, our fight’s mistold.
“Discharging you to put aright that crooked Portrait, I shall not rest until our soil Unsalts." He sheathed, he left, his throat ablaze Of Celtic longing, just, a triune shout.
Upon the night I saw a starry cross.
This screech 300,000 times rebounded:
“Modish goblins gabble corpses where we snowed The fields in butternut and red;
Each April, when the wind ghosts right, you will hear us Defending Shiloh, Friedricksberg, and Chickamauga
“Forgive our enemies. Do not forgive Unshriven ridicule until they beg Your pardon." Awash with light the dawn Unfurled a firmament in faded gray.
A banshee rattle plunged both earth and sky.
And last I heard a thousand thousand times reechoing Slow, shrill bagpipe dins that startled hills Facing the instrument which flung that battlecry.
These fathers, brothers raise it yet tonight.
I hear the Southern army’s rebel yell.
'The only authentic American conservatism is that of John C. Calhoun, who laid the political arguments for the Confederacy. Other arguments masquerading as 'conservatism' are forms of self-interest expressed on behalf of concentrated private power.' p Sid Blumenthal, 2002
November-December 2003
VOL. 10* no. 6
12
Southern Patriot
League of the South Presidential Salary Fund Pledge
j~ Here's my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full time”! | League of the South President. Enclosed is I $___________,	one-time	donation,	(cheque/money order) or J
I pledge $________________per (month/year).
I_____Yes, I want to join The Circle of Saint Andrew, so I I
I am pledging a total of $600.00 per year or more.
I Name_____________________________________________________I
Address___________________________________________________
I City_________________________________State Zip___________I
| Telephone (______)___________________
I Make cheque or money order payable to The League of the South \
I and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this I
I form to the League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. I
I Donations to The League of the South are not tax-deductible, i----------------------------------------------------------1
THE GREY BOOK
Be an individual or business sponsor of The Grey Book: The League of the South's Vision for an Independent South. For a donation of either $15 (individual) or $25 (business), you can help us offset production costs of The Grey Book. You will then be listed on the sponsors page. Donations must reach us by 15
February 2004 in order that we may meet our publication schedule. Don't miss this opportunity to help us publicise the League's vision and to get your name or business listed in this first edition for the sake of posterity. Make your cheque or money order payable to The League of the South,' and mail to PO Box 760, Killen, Alabama 35645.
The Current League Book Offer
Child to the Waters & Myths of American Slavery
PELICAN PUBLISHERS & The LEAGUE of THE SOUTH
James Kibler’s great book Child to the Waters and Donnie Kennedy's blockbuster book Myths of American Slavery are both available from Pelican with the same great deal. Call Pelican at 1-800-843-1724 to order Child to the Waters, Myths of American Slavery or The South Was Right! or John Remington Graham’s A Constitutional History of Secession. The League will receive 40% of the sale price of any of these books. Be sure to give them the League's reference code: '2LOS' to insure that we receive our 40%. Thanks!
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call for availability. (334)875-1552
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN LDA provides long distance for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTI-SOUTHERN CAUSES. You are guaranteed a minimum of 10% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK. If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost. + Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
+ Dial 1 long distance service; easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
+ Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
+ Not limited to League of the South members.
Consider switching your Long Distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams 800.535.0757
November-December 2003
vol. 10 • no. 6
Merchandise Specials 1st Quarter 2004 Orders Must Be Postmarked by February 15, 2004
►	Jefferson Davis: Unconquerable Heart, by Felicity Allen.
| . . meticulously researched, admirably written, and sympathetic. There have been good biographies of our first President (not our ONLY President] . . . but this one is the one to read, to cherish, and to pass on to the next generation.’
—Clyde Wilson
‘Required Reading’ for anyone who styles himself a Southern Patriot! Factual, poignant, biography of our greatest Southern hero. Retail price elsewhere is $42.95. Order now for just $40.00 postpaid and get a FREE copy of ‘What Makes Southern Manners Peculiar?*—LS Paper #7, by Ward S. Allen. Dr Allen is the husband of Felicity Allen and a Founding Member of the League of the South.
Qty. Ordered:____Price:$____
►	LS Collectible 2-Blade Pocketknife, embossed with battleflag & reads ‘League of the South 2003.’ 1st in an annual series. Only 100 made.'Handcrafted exclusively for the League by Moore Maker Inc., Matador, Texas. $60.00
Qty. Ordered:____Price:$____
■j I
►	Back by popular demand . . .Confederate. Silver Dollar, 1 oz., .999 fine, designed by a
great-grandnephew of John S. Mosby, sealiof the Confederacy on obverse, drooped-winged eagle embossed with Confederate battleflag on Reverse. Shipped in an airtight, protective sleeve. $21.00 ea., postpaid.	?	*•.
Qty. Ordered:___Price :$____
►	The Official 2003 ‘Hoedown* T-shirt: navy blue with white star on the front; ‘Free the
South’ on back. Sharp! Not available elsewherd. Quantities limited. Sizes: L & XL. $20.00 ea., postpaid.	||	Qty.	Ordered:____Price:$____
►	LS Logo/Dixienet Coffee Mug. Closeout. Lftyited Quantity. White marble mug with LS color logo and ‘www.dixienet.org’ on front & back. $9.00 ea. postpaid.
Qty. Ordered:____Price:$____
Enter now to win!
Drawings to be held at the 2004 National Conference. You do not have to be present to win. Ticket stubs will be sent to you by return mail. (Chances on the following items need NOT be postmarked by Feb. 15, 2004.)
►	‘Edgefield’ pottery, lovely, 1 gal. butter chum, handmade by League member, Clint
Alderman, using the unique Southern glazing method. Retail value of the chum is $100-$125. $1.00 per chance.	Qty. Ordered:____Price:$____
►	Traditions’ authentic replica of 1858 New Model Army Revolver. .44 calibre black
powder percussion. 8-inch blue barrel, steel frame, walnut grip. Made in Italy. Retail value-$175. $5.00 per chance.	Qty. Ordered:____Price:$____
All prices include postage:	Total	Enclosed:	$_____
Make check/money order payable to the League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645