September - October 1995 \oi.. 2 • no. 5
mi. sot i hi-.un u: u;i i
Post Office Box 40910 Tuscaloosa. A I. 35404-0910
11 We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause."
Jefferson Davis
E
resident’s message....
Dr. Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
QUEBEC: A NATION?
In early September Quebec premier Jacques Parizeau, leader of the Parti Que-becois, fought back tears as the provincial flag was unfurled and a poet recited the preamble to a prospective declaration of independence from Anglophone Canada:
We, the people of Quebec, declare it our own will to be in full possession of all the powers of a state; to levy all our taxes, to vote on all our laws, to sign all our treaties and to exercise the highest power of all, conceiving, and controlling, by ourselves, our fundamental law.
If this sounds like glorious fiction, reality rolls around on 30 October when Quebec could choose by referendum to go its own way. Support for the separatists, according to polls, has risen recently to 50 percent, but it’s a sure bet that Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien will call on his New World Order buddies from the G-7 countries to exert political and economic pressure on the new nation, should it come to be. Bill Clinton, citing NAFTA regulations, already has threatened to cut trade ties with an independent Quebec. Like the United States and other Western “democracies,” Canada is firmly in the grip of a globalist oligarchy that, according to the late Christopher Lasch, “see themselves as world citizens” at war with nationalists and regionalists of every stripe.
Those who mold public opinion in Toronto and Ottawa have mounted a fear-mongering campaign designed to undermine support among Quebec’s moderate nationalists. Even in Montreal itself a cabal of anti-secessionist scholars (undoubtedly beneficiaries of Canada’s liberal welfare program for academics) warned in La Presse: “We should face the fact that the Canadian community is much more real than a lot of sovereigntists (separatists) actually believe. Many Quebecers do not feel sufficiently different from other Canadians to demand with both force and enthusiasm a country all of their own.” Former provincial Premier Daniel Johnson, leader of the unionist party in Quebec, accused the Parti Quebecois of engaging in “confusion and obfuscation” to trick Quebecers into a “yes” vote. For his part, Chretien simply refuses to acknowledge the possibility of a separatist victory in October.
But Monique Simard, a high-ranking organiser of the separatist campaign, brushed aside such criticism and declared: “For the first time, English-speaking Canada is realising the “yes” side could win.” Simard went on to say that “without sovereignty, we’re doomed to be an eternal minority or to disappear.” After years of wrangling over the issue of Quebec’s sovereignty, many Canadians are growing tired of Francophone agitation. Some undoubtedly would like to see the province’s seven million inhabitants secede tomorrow.
But like the Scots National Party in Scotland, the Parti Quebecois and its supporters have been snared in the web of the welfare state. Writing in the September issue of The Rothbard-Rockwell Report, paleo-conservative Paul Gottfried notes that Canadians, both Anglo- and Francophone, nave come to “accept their [socialist] rulers . . . and lack the emotional and moral resources to oppose ... [them] effectively.” Thus, it all boils down to the question: Do Quebecers really have the guts to form their own independent nation, cutting all ties with the Ottawa regime,
I or are they simply attempting to blackmail Chretien’s government into making concessions?
In 1980 separatists voted for a watered-down version of independence based on something called “sovereignty association .” Had the referendum passed, it would have allowed Quebec to exercise a degree of “home rule” while the province still maintained certain
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the Southern League
I'.ditur: Sara Hill P.O. Box 4(H)III Tuscaloosa. A I. 35404-0910
tel. (205)553-0155 fax. (205)553-2155
rKI.siOKNi:	Michael	llill
UUVKDOI MUM lOMs;
I linmao I U-miiiu .1. Slrxrn \\ ilkins (> i‘2id > McW hi lie)	(I) clc V Wilson
Patriot
formal ties (e.g. use of the national postal services) to the Canadian state. It appears that fifteen years later the separatists are again backing off from an advocacy of complete independence. In June Parizeau hinted that the Parti Quebecois would be satisfied with something less than an independent Quebec. The possibility of a “soft” referendum in October likely stems from the Harvard-educated Parizeau’s tenuous commitment to a truly radical, populist solution and to the influence of his moderate allies, the Bloc Quebecois, which hold several opposition seats in the Canadian House of Commons, and the nascent Parti Action Democratique. But the Parti Quebecois may benefit from Prime Minister Chretien’s hard-line stance on the issue of provincial “home rule.” Chretien, taking his cue from an increasingly vocal Anglophone majority, refuses to promise special treatment to Quebecers as an inducement to keep them in the Canadian union. This time around, then, we can only hope that the majority of Quebecers will see secession as the only means of protecting their culture from a hostile majority.
It is clear that French Canadians, like Anglo-Celtic American Southerners, could, if they were determined, establish a “nation” in the real sense of the word. Organic nationalism, intuitively grounded in common language, poetry, literature, folkways, and religious beliefs, is the opposite of state-based civic nationalism in which people are “educated” to be cogs in a rationalist, technocratic, imperial machine. As the global elites push the world’s nation-states toward interdependence.
34
devolutionary forces are beginning to pull toward local rule and the breakup of nation-states cum empires. Thus the nation-state is caught in the middle. While Establishment elites seek their New World Order, we witness movements for autonomy or outright independence—not only in Quebec but also in Canada’s western provinces, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Lombardy, Catalonia, the Balkans, and other “ethno-regions.”
We of the Southern League hope that the Quebecers are indeed serious about complete independence from Canada. However, considering the vacillating tendencies of the Parti Quebecois over the past 15 years, it seems unlikely that it will go beyond its tepid “sovereignty association” demands. If, as expected, Parizeau and his followers forge to the brink and then pull away, it should not dishearten Southern nationalists. Rather, we ought to learn an important lesson from Canadian antics: faux populist movements manipulated from above by Establishmentarians are slender reeds upon which to lean. So long as the chimerical allurements of socialism and its attendant welfare-state mentality rule the passions of a people, they will lack the willingness to sacrifice the comfortable life for the rigors of independence. If there is to be a new Southern nation, then we must begin by preparing ourselves to endure the common sufferings, so familiar to our Confederate ancestors, that weld a people into a nation. Unfortunately, Quebecers, lacking our historical experience, have yet to exhibit these hard tendencies.
♦ ♦♦
From our members...
TENTH AMENDMENT MADNESS
contributed by Dr. Clyde Wilson Columbia, South Carolina
Hearing Senator Dole babble about the Tenth Amendment is a sad reminder— as if more evidence were needed—of the terminal ignorance and insincerity of our rulers. But one cannot expect a politician who has been a (very successful) functionary of the imperial state all his life to understand that the delegation of powers by the people has to do with something other than how the (shrinking) pie will be divided up. The Tenth Amendment does not have anything to do with who will pay for “motor voter” bills or “free” school lunches or any other of the “benefits” that our rulers provide us for the inestimable privilege of serving them. It has to do with the basic function of the Constitution: that is, the limitation of government.
Let us peruse this forgotten relic closely:
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
The amendment i§ the capstone of those amendments adopted in concluding the process of ratification of the original Constitution. It follows a long list of “shall nots” directed at the federal government and in particular the Congress. More than that, if we are to believe Madison and nearly every other Founder, it provides the
fundamental key to construing the Constitution—the Constitution as ratified by the people of the States (old and new)—not the opinions of the Philadelphia projectors nor the extra-constitutional imaginings of Publius so beloved of shallow political philosophers. The Constitution as validated by the consent of'the people of the States is defined by the Tenth Amendment. The federal government, in all its branches, has those powers delegated in the instrument. All other powers are reserved.
But the great tragedy of American history is that the Tenth Amendment is not self-enforcing (else there would have been no need for the previous nine amendments). The Attorney General of South Carolina is suing in the federal courts on Tenth Amendment grounds against the unfunded mandate of the “motor voter” bill. This is all to the well and good as it contributes to educate the public and a favorable court decision will be helpful. Nonetheless, to ask the federal courts to validate the Tenth Amendment is to give away the game before the first whistle. The people of the states have not delegated to federal judges the right to decide what their rights are. This is a power they have reserved to themselves.
The Tenth Amendment is not to be left up to the federal government to interpret for itself. The essence of our Constitution is that Power must not be allowed to define its own limits. It must be checked by other Power. It is up to the States themselves to make the Tenth Amendment good, to enforce it by every means at their disposal. The name of this country is, after all.
the United States, a confederation, and not the American Empire.
Dr. Wilson is professor of history at The University of South Carolina in Columbia, the editor of the John C. Calhoun papers, and a member of the SL Board of Directors.
♦ ♦♦
September - October 1995
VOL. 2 • no. 5
Dispelling myth...
THE ABOLITIONISTS
contributed by Thomas E.Woods, Jr. North Andover, MA
Every schoolboy’s textbook portrays the nineteenth-century abolitionists as peace-loving American heroes, uniquely skilled in Constitutional interpretation and Biblical exegesis, and devoted to something called “American ideals.” As with so much in standard American history texts, this characterization is not only false, but laughably so.
To begin with, the abolitionists were never particularly concerned about avoiding war, and they habitually engaged in recklessly inflammatory rhetoric that was bound to alienate decent Southerners. William Lloyd Garrison, for example, once declared: “We would sooner trust the honor of our country... in the hands of the inmates of our penitentiaries and prisons than in their hands— [Tlhey are the meanest of thieves and the worst of robbers—We do not acknowledge them to be within the pale of Christianity, or republicanism, or humanity!” Garrison’s comment may seem harsh, but compared to much of what the abolitionists had to say about the South, his remark is imbued with a spirit of sectional reconciliation.
Historian Avery Craven was therefore on the mark when he concluded that “hatred of the South had supplanted love for the Negro.” The Old Guard, a Copperhead newspaper in New York, commented that
among the “abolitionized” churches of New England, “far more time has been devoted to the generating of hatred against the people of the southern States than has been consumed in fostering the personal piety of the flocks committed to their charge.”
Some of the more astute observers recognized that there was much more to the Abolitionist crusade than merely the ending of slavery. The influential abolitionist George W. Julian of Ohio was frank about this: “The abolition of poverty is the next work in order and the Abolitionist who does not see this fails to grasp the logic of the Anti-Slavery movement, and calls a halt to the inevitable march of progress. ... The system of Southern slavery was the natural outgrowth of that generally accepted political philosophy which makes the protection of property the chief end of government.”
Charles Sumner had equally mischievous plans for postbellum society: to elevate the Declaration of Independence that it might “stand side by side with the Constitution, and enjoy with it coequal authority.” “Full well... I know that in other days, when Slavery prevailed... there was a different rule of interpretation,” Sumner conceded. This “different rule of interpretation,” which it pleased our Fathers to call “constitutionalism,” was far too restrictive to allow the kind of innovations of which the scheming Sumner dreamed.
The war, he claimed, had established “a new rule of interpretation by which the institutions of our country are dedicated forevermore to Human Rights, and the Declaration of Independence
is made a living letter instead of a promise.” Thus the statement that “all men are created equal,” condemned by John Randolph of Roanoke as a “most pernicious falsehood,” was to become the central organizing principle for the republic. It is to this polluted source that we may trace the scores of crusaders for Equality—from forced busing to affirmative action—which have been visited upon us ever since.
After centuries of bitter experience, it should now be clear that an abstract commitment to Equality and human rights has a way of degenerating into totalitarianism and mass murder. The Jacobins spoke glowingly about the Rights of Man during the French Revolution, all the while slaughtering their countrymen by the hundreds of thousands. “If you want to know the effect of metaphysical madness,” observed John Randolph of Roanoke, “look to the history of the French Revolution, and to the undoing of the country.”
On an individual level, this was most spectacularly true in the case of John Brown. Several years before his raid on Harper’s Ferry, Brown and several other men killed and mutilated five men and boys in what became known as the Pottawatomie Creek massacre. The victims, who owned no slaves, were guilty of the high crime of having supported the Missouri faction in the dispute over the Kansas government, and had thus committed a thoughtcrime against human rights. (They had “committed murder in their hearts,” Brown said.) Indiscriminate slaughter thus became a legitimate vehicle for vindicating human rights.
Following Brown’s execution in 18S9,
church bells rang all across the North in honor of the fallen martyr. Emerson and Thoreau actually compared Brown to Christ himself. Louisa May Alcott referred to him as “Saint John the Just” Among Northern literary figures, Nathaniel Hawthorne stood virtually alone in insisting that there was never a man more justly hanged.
The Rev. Thomas Beecher, the conservative sibling of abolitionists Henry Ward Beecher and Harriet Beecher Stowe, was horrified by the way abolitionists employed the Bible in the service of fanaticism. In the antislavery crusade, he wrote, “the Bible is tom up to wad the guns of controversy. God’s truth ceases to be bread and becomes bullets.” It created a particularly insufferable kind of self-righteousness—one which made abolitionists capable of singing the words “His truth is marching on” as the South was being looted and burned.
The direct results of abolitionist fanaticism include, at the very least: the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of Americans, including civilians; the precedent-setting violation of nearly every norm of civilized warfare; the destruction of America’s constitutional order and the growth of a centralized State 'a la Rousseau; and the conquest—physical, economic, and cultural—of the Southern states—all to accomplish an end that was achieved by peaceful means elsewhere throughout our hemisphere.
Any civilized man must recognize in the abolitionists not noble crusaders whose one flaw was a tendency toward extremism, but utterly reprehensible agitators who put metaphysical
abstractions ahead of prudence, charity, and rationality. Indeed, with heroes like this, who needs villains?
Mr. Woods, a graduate student at Columbia University, holds a B.A.in history from Harvard and is a SL Founding member.
COMMENTS FROM READERS
“The July-August edition of the Southern Patriot newsletter was absolutely inspired and inspiring. The Southern League is clearly going to be at the forefront of the “coming unpleasantness” i.e., the devolution of the empire back to the sovereign States. Every article was accurate, germane and compelling. I am with you and ready to pledge my life, my fortune and my sacred honour toward redemption of the destiny of our people.”
R.C. Harshman, Fischer, TX
“I believe I shall be proud to be a part of the Southern League! But I wish I could convince modem Confederates to accept the two step-children states of Missouri & Kentucky as Confederate states also, like the original Confederate government did. Lincoln’s government only accepted 11 Southern states “in rebellion;” but Mr. Davis himself made the formal request that ... Kentucky be accepted as the 13th Confederate state—which was done on December 10, 1861, by the Confederate Congress. And even if the deeper South boys NEVER agree, I will honor and extoll [my ancestors’] efforts all of my sensible days—and will continue to try and emulate their excellent example—with or without the approbation of our Compatriots farther on down in Dixie—whom I love and
— 37
admire, and thank for starting such organizations as The Southern League. Our prayers are with you! Your servant in the Cause of Constitutional Liberty” Larry Burton, West Point, KY
“You cannot imagine my happiness at discovering the existence of your organization. At long last, 1 feel that I can join others of similar beliefs regarding the history and future of the South and a more accurate interpretation of the United States Constitution. ... I feel that I can no longer stand idly by while our already endangered rights of self-determination are eroded still further. I am tired of seeing my beloved South trampled upon by two dangers the Framers of the US Constitution tried to guard against—a government which defines the limits of its own power, and an untouchable Supreme Court which constantly defines and redefines fundamental law.” Dean Fowler, Mabelvale, AR
“I am a transplanted Northerner—from Connecticut to North Carolina—thus I am assuming that the values of the Southern people are universal so that I can participate. As a matter of fact, if I am correct, I suggest that you make that point and in that way attract others like me who recognize those values, despite our geographical “handicap.” We may not have the sentimental attachment, or family memories, but we can share the values of liberty and property.” Elizabeth B. Currier, Charlotte, NC
♦ ♦♦
September - October 1995
VOL. 2 • NO. 5
IV^ore myth to dispell...
REPORT FROM CONFEDERATE MISSOURI
contributed by David S. Reif Lake Ozark, MO
For about 100 years after 1860 the camp followers of the victorious Union army promoted the nationalistic view of history. Nowhere are the roots of this uncritical belief more exposed than in the story of Confederate Missouri. In the 1850s Missouri was the frontier. To Southerners Missouri was the northwest outpost of their domain, a part of the Upper South, bastion of traditional civilization in an increasingly hostile world. It was rich in agricultural land, the limit of cotton cultivation, and a bonanza of mining.
The 1860 census reveals that 85 percent of Missouri's citizens were either bom there or were immigrants from other Southern states, mostly Kentucky, Tennessee, the Carolinas, and Virginia. These immigrants brought with them their culture, values, and politics. Yet Missourians were molded especially by their borders. Surrounded by Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas, they were the constant targets of adventuring by ideologues of an aggressive new materialism developing in these neighboring states.
To Eastern aristocrats Missouri stood in the way of an expansion of their power and wealth. Southerners had colonized the virgin West and now controlled the mouth of the Missouri River: the key to the Pacific. Any expansion of eastern market monopolies
had to go through Missouri. The bankers of Boston and the stock traders in New York no doubt rankled at the thought of having to deal with loathsome Southerners controlling the West from Missouri.
Not deterred by law, the Eastern establishment manipulated Kansas in an attempt to outmaneuver Missouri and the South. It undertook a campaign through the Emigrant Aid Society to recruit northern emigrants to Kansas. Good Unionists and ardent materialists colonized Kansas and helped to destabilize Missouri. By the mid-1850s armed action had taken the place of zealous oratory. Kansans and their allies from New England invaded Missouri, “jayhawking” (looting) and murdering as they went. Missouri engaged them and war commenced.
Missouri stood alone and fought the onslaught of Eastern abolitionism and materialism. Jefferson Davis was then Secretary of War in the Pierce Administration. A military man, he was well aware of what was occurring on the frontier and felt powerless to aid the Missourians whose sense of sovereignty exceeded his comprehension. Neither did he understand the implications of the border war. Meanwhile, the men and women of Missouri bled.
The action on the Kansas border ebbed, but the issue lay unresolved. The flow of political events shifted to other areas of the South. The citizens of the Lower South finally came to realize that, among other things, the events on the frontier had not been isolated. The integrity of individual states was constantly being provoked
by powerful elements promoting the idea of an insoluble Union. The rest of the South finally understood what Missourians already knew.
As events unfolded elsewhere in the Greater South and states began to secede formally from the Union, the people of Missouri were at the wrong end of a lit cannon. They had elected the fire-eating secessionist governor, Claiborne Fox Jackson, who favored immediate entry into the Confederate alliance. But the lessons of the stillsmoldering war with Kansas had chastened them. Knowing that they were surrounded on three sides by hostile states and smarting from a lack of outside support during that conflict, Missouri could only buy time to raise an adequate internal army by negotiating. When Governor Jackson asked for troops to defend Missouri, President Davis balked, sending only a few pieces of artillery. Davis demanded that Missouri pass a time-consuming, formal ordinance of secession before he would intervene.
Under normal circumstances, the situation would not have been difficult; however, Missourians saw what had happened in Maryland. Lincoln had invaded that state and jailed the legislature, thus preventing secession. Governor Jackson knew that Yankee General Nathaniel Lyon and his troops were in St. Louis for the purpose of forcing compliance with the Union. Missouri was not ready to fight the U.S. Army alone, but without any alternative and no help in sight, they tried. After taking steps to activate the small, but tough Missouri State Guard, Governor Jackson and General
Sterling Price confronted the full authority of the Federal government in a dramatic scene that few outside Missouri know about.
Jackson and Price confronted General Lyon, who had orders from Lincoln to hold Missouri at all costs, at the Planter’s House in St. Louis. When Governor Jackson refused to allow any Missouri troops to join the Union effort to subdue other Southern states, Lyon rose and said that he would see every man, woman, and child in the state dead before Missouri would secede from the Union. Jackson and Price left for the capital at Jefferson City, burning bridges as they went. Lyon pursued but Jackson cleaned out the capitol—files, legislative records, treasury, state seal—and moved the government into exile. Price began raising and equipping an army.
After many skirmishes and one major victory on 5 July 1861 at the Battle of Carthage (pre-dating First Manassas), Jackson and Price teamed up with Texas and Louisiana troops to defeat the Union army at Oak Hills (Wilson’s Creek). At Oak Hills, the Confederates faced Franz Sigel, a German socialist who had been banished from his native land after the unsuccessful revolution of 1848-9 and who, like so many European “democrats,” gave his sword to the Union Army. Half the Missourians showed up only with pitchforks and clubs for weapons, but Price’s corps turned the tide at Bloody Hill, routed the well equipped U.S. army, and killed the would-be mass murderer Lyon in the process. Price went on to defeat another Federal force at the Battle of Lexington (Hemp Bales).
With most of Missouri under his control Governor Jackson called the legislature back into session, and on 31 October 1861 he signed the Ordinance of Secession and sent it to the Confederate legislature. On 28 November the Confederate Congress admitted Missouri as the twelfth state of the Confederacy.
By January of 1862 one-quarter of the entire army at the disposal of President Lincoln was in Missouri. For political reasons he did not recognize the state’s secession but branded all who opposed the Union outlaws, criminals, and traitors. Then he and his generals began a premeditated campaign of repression, terror, and murder against the civilian population—a campaign that can only be called genocide.
Thousands of Missourians enlisted in the Confederate Army. Official records of Confederate pensioners show only about 40,000, but heritage groups have uncovered records of more than 100,000 Missourians in Confederate service. An imposing force of Partisan Rangers and other groups were never counted, but it took over 50,000 Yankee troops to enforce a toehold in Missouri.
During the War Missouri’s soldiers distinguished themselves with such heroic conduct that the Southern press called them “the South’s finest” and the elite of the Confederate service. At Elkhom Tavern, Iuka, Corinth, Port Gibson, Vicksburg, Kennasaw, Blakely, and (oh, dear God) at Franklin, the Missourians did the impossible when called upon. They were General N. B. Forrest’s personal guard. Their reputation for bravery
39
was unchallenged, their honour beyond question.
At home the families suffered like few other civilians. The Federal government committed unspeakable acts of violence against unarmed men and women, but a hundred years of propaganda has clouded the record of war crimes to such an extent that few people know what happened. Those who do usually won’t tell the real story, because the implications are too horrendous.
Even Southerners speak of an eleven-state Confederacy, as if what happened in Missouri never took place. Like Kentucky and Maryland, Missouri suffered the political, military, and social depredations of a failed Confederate alliance, and their geographical vulnerability made them easy targets for revisionism. But the Confederate flag has thirteen stars on it—one for each state of the Confederate alliance. Much work remains to be done to reclaim our history.
Mr. Reif, a native of Missouri, is Chairman of the Missouri SL and makes his living as a traditional American pottery artist.
♦ ♦♦
Chapter business. • •
Newly formed state chapters, chairmen, addresses, and phone numbers are as follows:
The Oklahoma Southern League Bill Braddock, Chairman 2909 SW 52nd Place Oklahoma City, OK 73119 (405) 631-2511
The Florida Southern League Mike Crane, Chairman 3501 West Park Road Hollywood, FL 33021 (305) 963-4857
The Mississippi Southern League John Cripps, Chairman PO Box 2628 Gulfport, MS 39505-2628 (601) 432-9668
The South Carolina Southern League Jeff Rogers, Chairman 210 Brannon Avenue Greer, SC 29651 (803) 281-9537
The Missouri Southern League David Reif, Chairman POBox 1128 Lake Ozark, MO 65049 (314) 365-0186
The Northwest Region of the SL James Van Denburg 305 Swan Hill Drive Bigfork, MT 59911 (406) 837-4446
Since late August several SL state chapters have held organisational meetings: Tennessee (26 Aug.); Louisiana (9 Sept.); Mississippi (15 Sept.); Alabama (16 Sept.); Georgia (7 Oct.); and
Texas (7 Oct.). North Carolina and South Carolina will meet in November and December respectively. The level of enthusiasm and energy has been heartening. State chairmen have selected boards of directors, created districts and committees, and appointed district directors and committee chairmen. The district directors, in turn, have begun organising city and county chapters. This will allow the SL to recruit intensively on the local level, plan Southern heritage events, raise funds, and publicise League activities.
State chairmen in Viiginia, Arkansas, Florida, Oklahoma, Missouri, Maryland, Arizona, Kentucky, & Illinois are busy arranging organisational meetings for late 1995-early 1996. Contact your state chairman for information or to volunteer assistance.
A regional chapter emcompassing Minnesota, Wisconsin, the Dakotas, Montana, Idaho, Washington, & Oregon is now in place (address above). In the planning stages are chapters in New York, New Jersey, and California.
♦ ♦♦
To support the heroic efforts of Professor Mark Newell to keep the recently discovered CSS Hunley in South Carolina where it belongs, write to Mr. Tony Carr, 1828 Oriole Avenue, North Augusta, SC 29841; (803) 279-5770 or (803) 279-6406.
♦ ♦♦
The Southern League was given prominent mention in a review by historian David B. Davis in the October 5 issue of The New York Review of Books.
Noteworthy publication
Why Not Freedom?, by James R. and Walter D. Kennedy, should be in the bookstores by mid-October. We encourage all League members to buy and read this book.
Audio & video...
The SL videotape of last year's national meeting held in Charleston is still available for a donation of $30.00. The set of five audiotapes from this year’s national meeting held in Nashville can be ordered for a donation of $35.00.
♦ ♦♦
Alabama Chairman Jim Langcuster has started an Internet Newsgroup for Southern nationalists. Check it out at “oldwhig@mindspring.com”. Also, don't forget Dixienet, the SL WebPage at “http://dixienet.org/”.
♦ ♦♦
We assume all you good ole rebels would patronize businesses run by other SL members, thereby supporting those who support our cause. So from time to time we will note them for you. If you like fine cigars, tea, and coffee, you might wish to contact Bill Braddock’s store: Plantations, Crossroads Mall, Suite 1128, Oklahoma City, OK 73149; (405) 631-2511.
SL car tags (red on white) are available for $6.50 postpaid from Bill Mori, The Confederate Shoppe, 928 Delcris Drive, Birmingham, AL 35226
September - October 1995
vol. 2 • no. 5
The Southern League
Michael Hill, President P.O. Box 40910
Board of Directors:
Thomas Fleming J. Steven Wilkins
Grady McWhiney Clyde N. Wilson
Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910 Telephone: (205) 553-0155 Fax: (205) 553-2155
12 October 1995 Dear Friends:
Once again I would like to appeal to your generosity. We have a number of projects, proposed and in-progress, that need funding. Any amount you can donate will be greatly appreciated and will be earmarked for the specific use that you designate. Please indicate on your check one of the following projects: (1) Nashville videotape editing; (2) radio/newspaper advertising; (3) publishing tracts & pamphlets—the first of which is Dr. James Kibler’s Nashville address: “Knowing Who We Are: The Southern Literary Tradition & the Voice in the Whirlwind”; (4) Confederate Travel Guide series. All of these are, I think, promising projects that will spread our message, promote a wholesome reconsideration of the South, and perhaps even make a little money for the League.
If you have not yet joined The Legion of the Southern Cross, an elite group of contributors within The Southern League, we urge you to consider doing so. In order to assure consistent funding from year to year, we are asking members to pledge at least $125.00 annually to the organization. If you are already a Founding or Charter member, this will be only $50 more than your annual membership renewal of $75. If you are a regular member, this is your chance to upgrade your membership to the current Southern Patriot category ($125 per year). Each of you who pledges $125 or more annually will receive a specially designed SL pin and special recognition at our annual meeting. You may select your own terms: one lump sum payment or several installments.
For those of you who have not yet joined the League, please consider doing so. We would like for you to continue receiving the Southern Patriot, but we need your membership dues or a contribution to keep it coming your way. I hope you will help us out.
For Southern independence.
Michael Hill
Yes, I’d like to be a member of The Legion of the Southern Cross, and I pledge $ to The Southern League in:
(at least $125) per year
one lump sum payment.
OR
installments of $
Enclosed is $
Signature & Date
"We Invoke ike blessings o! Providence on a Just cause."
Jetferson Davis