November-December 2001 VOI,. 8 • NO.'6
THE LEAGUE OF THE Soi'TH Post Office Box 14184 Monroe, LA 71207
“We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
^President’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
Southern Nationalism, Post 9/11
Because of the outbreak of'patriotic' fervor in the wake of the events of 9/11, some say that the Southern Nationalist movement has assumed the starring role at its own funeral. We are told by these self-styled pundits—from the hired-gun talking head at the major networks to the Everyman citizen-cum-subject with 'United We Stand' bumper stickers (I prefer TJntied We Stand' myself) plastered on his automobile—that America now surely embodies the underlying principle of the Pledge of Allegiance: indivisibility. Southern nationalism, then, must be relegated to the proverbial 'dustbin of history,' along with such other anachronistic oddities as the Bill of Rights.
But those of us who still stand firm in our convictions beg to differ. Sure, things are different now. But in times of dramatic and fluid change, there is to be found great opportunity. For one thing, the outpourings of conviction from modem Americans, the products of generations of government-sponsored propaganda masquerading as 'public education,' are a mile wide and an inch deep. Already, there is a noticeable diminution of the number of crisp new federal flags adorning the SUVs of the soccer-mom set, and, at least in my area of northeast Louisiana, there has been an increase in the visibility of various Confederate flags. Soon, we hope, those desiring security before liberty (and who therefore gush with praise for the bureaucrats engaged in forging the chains of their servitude) might awaken before their bonds are fastened in place.
During times like these, when civil liberties come under attack in the name of national security, it is not unusual to see some rather odd short-term alliances among groups and individuals that otherwise have little or nothing in common. Honest liberals and true conservatives (though the terms 'liberal' and 'conservative' are now virtually meaningless) both have begun to question, and even criticize, the actions of government officials and agencies that seem intent on trampling our Constitutional rights through such enormities as the U.S.A. Patriot Act of 2001 and the pending anti-2nd Amendment Defense Appropriations Act (which overwhelmingly passed the Senate and now sits in the House). Moreover, President Bush’s push for secret military tribunals and AG Ashcroft’s announcement that domestic groups (including certain religious organisations) ought to come under surveillance, has prompted at least one editorial cartoon-
Around the League	P-	3
Fool's Gold - Terror by Government	P-	4
Criminalizing Confederates	P-	6
Diapering Dixie	P	7
A New League CD: For the Past, the Future, the Truth by Basic Gray	P	7
Presidential Pledge Fund	P	8
atnot
ist to depict the two men driving a tank over a copy of the Constitution. Granted, most liberal civil libertarians care more about the threat posed by Bush, Ashcroft, et al to the imagined 'rights’ of illegal aliens and other non-Westerners than they do about the rights of Americans (particularly Southerners) whose families actually built the country; however, they can be useful allies in calling attention to the Establishment power-grab.
Since 11 September, 1 have been gratified to witness record turnouts at League meetings. Moreover, other Southern events (such as rallies against anti-Southern bigotry by lawmakers and holiday parades) have been quite positive. This tells me that most League members have dug in their heels to support our cause and that the general public in the South, while perhaps moved by government and media appeals to 'patriotism,' have refused to believe that Southern symbols are 'un-American.' These indeed are positive signs.
As we watch the media-induced frenzy
w
abate while the new 'Hundred Years War' against terror tramps from one inconclusive campaign to another, what can we as Southern nationalists do to keep our movement strong and vital? First, we must be bolder than ever in support of our timeless ideals of liberty. If we continue to express a clear vision of what the South and its honourable civilisation could and ought to be, we will eventually win the hearts and minds of our people. At the same time, we must also call attention to every attempt at usurpation and tyranny by the Establishment elite. They can go only so far in destroying liberty in the name of defending it before their vile agenda becomes clear. We must encourage our people to take respon-
sibility for their own needs, including security. There are many ways to do this. For instance, to the extent possible, divorce yourself from the complex and vulnerable network of food production and distribution. Also, take cooperative steps to assure your family’s own physical well being and protection against all threats, domestic and foreign. Keep yourself healthy and fit; sick and unfit men do not make good freedom fighters. True civil defence is our responsibility as free citizens of a republic. As Jefferson said in so many words, men who increase their self-sufficiency by providing for their own needs are men who will not be fit subjects for bondage.
I have always believed that if our organisation articulated a clear and certain message of Southern liberty, dedicated ourselves to effective action in pursuit of that ideal, and readied ourselves for the moment Providence gives us, then we could succeed in reaching our goals. In other words, we must be there and be ready when the time comes. These difficult and dangerous times may, in God’s good Providence, give us the opportunity to show to the world that we are men and women of firm and unshakeable principle who have the grit and determination to restore the precious liberty for which so many of our Southern ancestors shed their blood. Though we dare not presume on the Almighty’s timetable, if we do these things I’ve outlined above, and are faithful to the Living God and to each other, then I believe that in His mercy He will grant us a fighting chance. And that’s all we ask. Deo Vindice!
I remain your obedient servant,
Michael Hill
President
The League of the South
R
ern JLatrwt
Around the League
^ The 2002 League of the South National Conference will be held in the Abbeville-Greenwood (not Greenville) area of South Carolina on 18-20 July. The League has a building and a strong presence in this area, and lodging will be economical.
ALABAMA
Mr Steve Fitts of Selma, has replaced Mr Ken McGhee as State Chairman in Alabama.
We thank Ken for his service and devotion to the cause during his tenure. He was responsible for forming a record number of new chapters.
Mr Bill Mori of Birmingham, League member and supporter of all things Southern for many, many years, passed away on 2 January. Remember his widow Connie at 928 Delcris Dr., Birmingham, Alabama 35216
& 9 March 2002 - The Alabama Annual State League meeting in Montgomery. Details will be available next issue.
FLORIDA
The Florida League participated in an event in Panama City called the Festival of Nations. State Chairman Mac Watters says he not sure exactly how many nations were represented but the Confederate States of America were well represented by the League of the South.
Each person was issued a passport as they arrived, and then would have their passport stamped as they visited each 'country' present. The Florida LS stamped over 2,000 passports with 'C S of A' and 'Free the South' incorporated into the stamp. Mac says they had a great time and educated a large number of people.
GEORGIA
The Georgia League held a Reconstruction Seminar at Cedartown on 8 December with more than 30 in attendance.
LOUISIANA
The Louisiana League annual State meeting was held 8 December in Monroe in connection with the Southern Heritage Society Christmas Ball. Speakers included David Rockett, Rev Steve Wilkins, and Dr Michael Hill.
SOUTH CAROLINA
m 31 January 2002 Upcountry Regional Meeting. Mr Michael Andrew Grissom, author of Southern By Grace of God will speak & sign his new book. Can the South Survive? at Blazin Bill’s Barbecue, Mauldin, South Carolina.
1 February 2002, Mr Michael Grissom will be at the League Building in Abbeville for signing his new book. There will be a supper in his honour that evening (in Abbeville) with an after-dinner speech delivered by him. The event is sponsored by the Southern Cultural Centre headquartered at the League Building, 107 North Main St., Abbeville, SC. Call the League Building at (864)459-2395 for reservations. Seating at table will be limited to 50 people.
$T 23 February 2002 Gary C Walker of Virginia will read and sign his books, at the League building in South Carolina. Call the Building at (864)459-2395 or either email LeagueBuilding@sclos.org.
Ira 2 March 2002 Mrs Margaret Flynn Bowie, curator of the Burt Mansion, will reminisce about 91 years in Abbeville, Saturday, at the League building in South Carolina.
TENNESSEE
3
$T 11-12 January 2002 The Tennessee League Annual Conference will be held. The conference will kick off with a 'Southern Pride' Supper at 7pm with speaker W. Donald Kennedy sharing what being a Southerner is all about. Saturday morning, will provide more of Mr Kennedy with other speakers including Dr Michael Hill. After the noon meal, everyone will have an opportunity to visit the Nathan Bedford Forrest home in Chapel Hill, which is for sale. The supper and conference will be held at the Super 8 Motel (Hwy 96 & 1-65) in Franklin. Advance reservations are required for supper, $25 per person. Saturday’s conference meeting does not require a reservation and has no admission fee, but the hat will be passed to cover expenses. LS, P.O.Box 1333, Franklin, TN 37065.
TEXAS
The Texas League of the South has established an online bulletin board forum for discussing issues. While there are a lot of these kinds of boards out
on the www, this one is for Texans by
¥
Texans. Jeff Adams says that doesn't mean that others aren't invited, and is passing this along so that others will also take a look and comment. Go to the state web site at www.texasls.org and look at the home page.
A Hedge School was held on 8 December in Waxahatchie on the US Constitution with about 50 in attendance.
VIRGINIA
The Virginia League held an Agrarian Hedge School on 8 December at the Blue Ridge Christian Camp in Montgomery County. John Vinson, Stan Poston and Franklin Sanders spoke. Rachel Lundy and Donna Jamison provided a hands-on demonstration of canning and food preservation.
Fool's Gold
A Chilling First Hand Account One Man Being Terrorized By the US Government; the Perils of the FBI and Justice Department's Relationship
With the SPLC
By John C. Hall, Jr C PA.
Roswell, Georgia GrldOhara@aol. com
Recently in the press there have been quite a few references to what are being called 'Domestic Hate Groups.' In light of the 111 of September terrorist attacks many Americans are willing to get behind the 'War on Terrorism' by taking information coming from the Southern Poverty Law Center or SPLC as if it were as the Gospel. I for one am all for getting the bad guys, but based on my personal experiences, the American public should temper their current Patriotism with a little skepticism when it comes to relying on the SPLC. The problem is that the Justice Department and FBI are relying on the SPLC to help weed out the bad people in these groups.
The SPLC is a so-called Civil Rights organisation founded in 1971 by Morris Dees and Joe Levin, and based in Montgomery, Alabama. The organisation’s founders were actively involved in the Civil Rights movement of the early 1960s. Its first President was Julian Bond, who is now Chairman of the NAACP.
However, the perceived public need for the SPLC’s kind of activism in regards to Civil Rights has passed with the
implementation of equal rights laws across the American Continent over the past 40 years. As with any organisation that has outlived its original purpose, the SPLC in recent years has tried to find a way to justify its continuance. The SPLC strategy to accomplish this has been to position itself as a supposed 'watchdog for America.' It has been actively working with the Justice department and the FBI (A holdover from the Clinton era) in an effort to keep track of various so-called 'Domestic Hate Groups.'
A part of the recent effort by the SPLC has been to include a new category in what it has determined are 'Domestic Hate Groups,' called the Neo-Confederates. Beginning with the SPLC’s Summer quarter of 2000 magazine known as the 'Intelligence Project' the SPLC has sought to deem all groups which express any interest or advocacy of Southern Heritage or Southern Rights as a part of these alleged 'Domestic Hate Groups.' Of course, the SPLC is not really helping to identify those who are a threat to the country, but merely trying to silence what it perceives as an ideological threat to its own existence.
Approximately 10 years ago I became involved in what I like to call the Southern Heritage Movement. This Movement arose in part because of the NAACP’s efforts to remove the Confederate Battle Flag from all public properties (begun by a 1991 resolution passed at the NAACP’s National Convention). One of several organisations I joined and that I am still a member of is the League of the South. The
League has been prominently mentioned in the recent press reports regarding 'Domestic Hate Groups.'
As my involvement has grown over the years, I have had several events happen that made me a personal target of the SPLC, Justice Department and the FBI. The first of these was in Atlanta where I live in the Suburbs.
After the 1996 Olympic bombing at Centennial Park I was paid a visit by two FBI agents at my home. A male and female agent came to my house each with weapons attached to question me about a letter I had written the Wall Street Journal regarding the Olympic Torch Run. I had written the letter which basically said 'Wait until the Torch gets to Atlanta and see what
^we have for the Olympics.' As many Southerners know, the 1996 Olympics did not allow any Confederate Symbols or Culture including the Georgia State Flag be a part of the Games.
The FBI wanted to know what I meant in my letter and I must say I was shocked that a simple letter would cause such a reaction. I proceeded to inform them that I helped coordinate an effort across the South and in Georgia to have Southerners display Confederate Flags in communities where the Torch was passing through. Many of those who participated dressed in Confederate Uniforms and Bell Dresses. The idea was to put a little South into the Games that was sorely missing. I went on to bring out a large set of files showing my communications and plans along the Torch’s path.

As my involvement has grown over the years, t have had several events happen that made me a personal target of the SPLC, Justice Department and the FBI.

thi
]ouwern ± atriot
Pa
The FBI agents left knowing they didn’t have the Centennial Park Bomber.
The second event that occurred was when the FBI again visited me at my place of business in the Summer of 2000. Once again two agents from the FBI showed up. This time they wanted to know why I was organising a protest at the NAACP’s National Convention. They had gotten a call from the Justice Department which had been contacted by the Baltimore Police department about a peaceful protest being planned.
My answer to them was that for me personally I had grown tired of the NAACP using Tax Free money to wreak havoc on Southern States such as South Carolina, Mississippi and Georgia; each of which displayed a Confederate flag in either its State flag or on top of its Capital. I also told them I was proud of my Great-Great-Grandfather Captain Stephan Alphestus Corker of the Third Geoigia and him leading the 3rd Georgia’s charge at Gettysburg! After hearing my answer, snooping around my office and asking me if I owned any weapons; they left. Later at the NAACP convention we went on to having a peaceful protest.
Soon after the NAACP convention the SPLC came out with their Summer 2000 'Intelligence Report' which had the title 'Rebels with a Cause - A Special Report on the Neo-Confederate Movement.' Imagine my surprise when I found out that my picture was on the front cover of the magazine. The picture shown was of myself and several others on the steps of the South Carolina Capital at the January of2000 rally of 10,000 Confederates rallying to keep the Battle Flag on top of the Dome. I was dressed in my Confeder-
ate Uniform and the angle of the picture captured me in a pose that fit their title of Neo-Confederates. I had my arm raised while waving a small a Georgia Flag and it was obvious the SPLC was trying to make me look like a Neo-Nazi giving a fascist salute. Most certainly they were trying to demonize those who support Southern Heritage.
Almost the entire magazine dealt with the threat of the 'Neo-Confederates.' As I flipped through the publication I saw my picture again in the contents page. But the real shocker was when I turned to the lead article and standing all alone was another picture of me in my uniform with this statement underneath: 'A Neo-Con federate movement, increasingly rife with white supremacists and racist ideology, is growing across America.' In a nutshell I had become the SPLC’s poster boy for the 'Neo-Confederate movement!'
I decided at this point that I had had enough and subsequently tried to contact the FBI. I had several questions I wanted answered. Were they bugging my phone? Staking out my house? Following my Children? Sharing personal information with the SPLC? The only way I knew to try and get these answers was to file a request under the Freedom of Information Act. This act is supposed to guarantee Americans that their Government is not sneaking around and harassing innocent citizens without cause.
After three attempts to get a response from the FBI and getting my Congress-
man Johnny Isakson involved, the FBI stated that they would not release any information regarding my file. An exemption under the FOI Act was mentioned in their response and the reason that they gave was that they had an ongoing investigation which would be jeopardized by releasing information. Apparently for the average citizen there is no real Freedom of Information when it comes to finding out what the FBI is up to. The government can just make exclusions and keep their activities secret.
It looks like we are in a new era of McCarthyism. And the SPLC looks a lot like the good old Senator from Wisconsin with the Justice Department and FBI going right along with it. The SPLC just keeps finding fool’s gold and the Justice Department and FBI are buying it.
Who knows if the Justice Department and the FBI hadn’t been so busy relying on the SPLC, investigating an Irish-American citizen born in the South with over 200 years of ancestry here, a business owner and Christian married father of two home-schooled children, then maybe 11 September could have been prevented and we wouldn’t have had over 3,000 Americans murdered by those who pose a real threat.
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (334)875-1552

For the average citizen there is no real Freedom of Information when it comes to finding out what the FBI is up to.
Criminalizing
Confederates
George's ill Will
By Wayne Carlson Dublin, Virginia wcarlson@i-plus. net
In light of the notoriously short and dim-witted attention span of the American public, I would like to offer a few pithy remarks on a particularly outrageous and colossally arrogant article, widely circulated in the mainstream media by pseudo-conservative columnist George Will. Many of you will have seen it by virtue of the fact that our leftist controlled media likes to feature his views as representative of mainstream conservatism. Instead, many real conservatives (meaning they work to actually 'conserve' something) recognize that his views are merely the right wing of the Democratic Party, who liken themselves 'Republicans'. This, of course, is merely the subterfuge the media moguls employ to unburden themselves of the completely justified charge of leftist 'bias.' As a member of the ruling elites 'token' spokesmen of modem conservative thought, Mr Will invariably supports the legitimacy of every facet of the present regime’s rule over us.
This is seen very clearly in his 27 December feature entitled, 'General Sherman’s Advice'. In an ode of praise to the supposed insights and wisdom of this early advocate of the concept of'total war', he seeks to legitimize the practice of making war upon an entire population of people designated 'the enemy'. For a look into the mind of Union General William Tecumseh Sherman, consider a letter he wrote his wife on 31 July 1862. In explaining
the strategy he meant to employ against the Southern people (lately his fellow citizens and neighbours), he told her, 'extermination, not of soldiers alone... but the people', was his goal. Long before the wanton burning of Atlanta, Georgia and Columbia, South Carolina, he ordered his men to burn Randolph, Tennessee, along with the towns of Meridian, Jackson, and Vicksburg, Mississippi. In a wire he sent to General Grant in the spring of 1863, Sherman happily reported, 'Meridian no longer exists'. Mr. Will opens his column with a quote by Sherman on the eve of his infamous March To the Sea in 1864 in which he declares 'we must kill 300,000'. Still another quote which Will chose not to use, but which helps clarify Sherman’s intentions, glorified by Mr. Will, is 'that the present class of men who rule the South must be killed outright'.
In a recent article by Joseph Stromberg titled 'Strategies of Annihilation: Total War in US Histoiy', Strombeig takes note of the historical record of Sherman’s depredations in the South and asks a question totally ignored in history classes across the country. Whatever happened to the 50,000 missing Southern civilians that were never heard from again as a result of Lincoln’s determination to take the war to noncombatants? Historian John Bigelow, in 1915 described the war as practiced by the North as 'depredation and spoliation'. Space does not allow for a recitation of the atrocities that history records of Sherman’s crimes against the Southern people, but one instance may shed some much needed light on its universal application to all Southerners. These kinds of facts have been too long closeted in the dark shadows of Yankee self-righteousness.
In Francis W. Springer's 1990 book. War For What, he cites instances that suggest the real fate of those 50,000
civilians who disappeared along Sherman’s line of march and as the result of Lincoln’s 'compassionate' war policy. 'A raiding party from Sherman’s army on its way north came to the home of Robert Hemphill, a wealthy South Carolina planter. In the absence of all white men, they were met by a trusted old Negro, Burrell Hemphill. When he refused to reveal the hiding place of the family valuables, the raiders dragged him at the end of a rope into the forest, hanged him and riddled his body with bullets. His 12-year-old grandson witnessed the proceedings. A granite marker now stands 3 miles northeast of Blackstock, South Carolina. It is engraved: "In memory of Burrell Hemphill, killed by Union soldiers Feb. 1865. Although a slave he gave his life rather than betray a trust.'"
The 'advice' that George Will suggests we take from Sherman in his extraordinarily callous regard for those whose ancestors defended their Southern homes from invaders, is this, 'US strategy (in war) should maximize fatalities among the enemy (including civilians) rather than expedite the quickest possible cessation of hostilities.' Will goes so far as to make the asinine comparison of Taliban and Al-Qaida 'fanatics' and 'terrorists' with Southern Confederates who apparently fought with too much 'spirit' against those bent on subjugating them. It should be obvious to anyone that has taken the time to study the South’s unsuccessful bid for independence that it was actually Unionist armies, under Generals like Sherman and Sheridan in Virginia that most closely resemble the murderous fanaticism we attribute to those we are presently slaughtering.
In defending and promoting what Mr Will calls, 'an American tradition of war making that has a 19th century pedigree’ (meaning the abandonment of any sense of morality in the death
Southern Pa
atrwt
and destruction heaped upon the heads of defenceless women, children, and old men during war), he reveals a level of fanaticism and barbarism just as wanton and dangerous as the perpetrators of 9/11. In his article he criticizes Donald Rumsfeld for admitting a preference for al-Qaida fighters to surrender rather than fight to the death. Then he suggests that General Richard Myers, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, 'misunderstands today’s military developments, and American ways of waging war' when Myers declares to the world that 'this is not a war of extermination.' That Mr Will would side with the likes of Sherman and Sheridan, that did advocate 'extermination,' is a monumental affront to any claim of being 'moral' or 'civilized'. His remarks deserve immediate and unremitting condemnation. The deafening silence from the controlled press, the halls of academia, and our so-called political leaders, attests to their acqui-
escence in tolerating such barbarism or their supreme blindness and hypocrisy. A special measure of opprobrium should be reserved for those whose ancestors were the recipients of these crimes, and yet, likewise, stand mute. I believe it puts a rather large exclamation point upon the quote Mr Will chooses to end his column, which he thinks justified Sherman’s 'final solution' of what he would have called 'the Southern problem.' That this kind of thinking foreshadowed the expansion of the concept of'total war,'justifying an 'anything goes' attitude in the minds of later 'zealots' on a mission to remake the world, completely eludes Mr Will.
General D.H. Hill wrote fellow Confederate General Jubal Early following the South’s subjugation, 'Why has the South become so toadyish and sycophantic? I think it is because the best and noblest were killed off during the war.' (Cont. on page 8)
Diapering Dixie
Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriots. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
Preston Calhoun McCuen 2 November 2001 2nd child of Dr Winston McCuen & Carman McCuen 14 Badger St Greenville, SC 29605
Carolina Rachel Durand 12 December 2001 1st child of Greg Loren Durand&
Lisa Regina Durand 6625 Hwy 53 E #410-156 Dawsonville, Georgia 30534-6820
Alternative Folk Mi
Basic Gray's new CD is available to order- 14 original compositions by Larry Smith & Nat Rudulph.
What kind of music is it? Alternative Folk. 'Folk' means music not made by professionals, but it is defined as 'music made and handed down among the common people.'
It is 'Alternative' because it is neither the music of the 1960s-70s that was called Folk (but was often a creation of professional writers), nor is it reenactment music.
The instruments are Southern traditional, including the guitar, mandolin, banjo, harmonica, flute, jew's harp, and Celtic cooter shell.
It is music for our people today. Our people have always been bards, amateur musicians, singing about life and truth and tales of the world
lie - Southern Style
around them. A part of reclaiming our heritage is abjuring the realm culturally, and this music does that.
Basic Gray: For the Past, the Future, the Truth includes:
-When the South Has Risen Again
-Our Father's Fields
-Something That Lasts
-Southern Man
-Tablets of Stone
-Cracker's Last Stand
-Flag
-Towers of Sorrow
-Permanent Things
-Weather Is Changing
-Carpenter's Helper
-Flowers of Evil
-Have You Counted the Cost?
-Tannehill
Order yours today $15.00 each + $1.75 shipping to LS, P. O. Box 14184,
Monroe, LA 71207
Helena Anastasia Turner 21 December 2001 Child of Felix Lafayette Turner, III & Sherry Wanita Turner 105 W Main St, PO Box 752 Duncan, SC 29334-0752
The Florida LS has 3" x 3" decals of the League’s Logo. League member price is 50c each on orders of 10 or more. Florida LS, P 0 Box 15007, Panama City, Florida 32406
November-December 2001
vol. 8 • no. 6
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
(Clip and Mail)
Here's my part to help Dr Hill continue as full time LS President. Enclosed
is (cheque/money order) $____,	and	I	pledge $___per (month/year).
Enclosed is (cheque /m.o.) for $______one-time	donation.
Name	;_____________________________________________
Address_______________________________________________________
City______________________State_______________Zip_____________
Telephone (_____)______________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207. We will then send you a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
COMMISSION RATE 5 TO 7 %
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southern causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (In the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG1
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSE!
Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA.
Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
NEW SIGNUPS WITH THE LS/ LDA LONG DISTANCE PROGRAM I
OCTOBER & NOVEMBER:
- Jim Walters, Lewisville, Texas | David's Heating & A/C,
North Augusta, South Carolina
The total commission paid by LDA to the League of the South is $6,425.62. The year-to-date total (November 2000 to November 2001) is $1,573.03.
CRIMINALIZING CONFEDERATES
(Continued from page 7)
Judging by the modem South’s apparent acquiescence to insults of Mr Will’s magnitude, I might ask the same thing and come to the same conclusion, except that I do not rely upon the controlled media in determining the pulse of the South and her people today. Judging by the outrage I’ve seen expressed via the alternative media, namely the internet and some smaller, but growing publications, there is a remnant of true Southrons that know their history and will not take insults like this without fighting back. Modem day Yankees like George Will can put marauding war criminals like Sherman on a pedestal and give them the mantle of American hero, pointing to them as the model our armed forces should emulate, but the remnant God always preserves of his people in times of decadence and servitude, will al-
ways speak truth to power, pray that their enemies eyes will be opened, and seek guidance from our creator. As Revelation 3:2 suggests, we must 'be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die.' This we will do, and in the meantime, this egregious insult upon the people of the South and the Christian faith that so marked the conduct of her people, leaders, and armies as she sought to preserve a real federated system of government for her people is not to be taken lightly. Perhaps there is a Preston Brooks in Mr Will’s future that will defend the honor of the Southland while rendering a righteous Christian response to a true enemy of all that the founding fathers sought to bequeath their people. Until there is a true reawakening of these principles in the hearts and minds of our people, we will continue to come under undeserved and premeditated attacks from the empire’s apologists.
November-December 2001
vol. 8 • no. 6