May - June 2002
VOL. 9 • NO. 3
the League of the South
Post Office Box 14184 Monroe, LA 71207
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. "
Jefferson Davis
^l^esident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
Tax Americana'
Since we began the League of the South in June 1994, we have been cautioning folks about the machinations of what we call ‘theYankee Empire.’ Until recently, those in control of the Empire (and those who support it) denied its existence. Now, however, the mouthpiece of the Imperial Establishment—The New York Times—has announced that the Empire indeed does exist and that it is very good (see ‘Pax Americana: The case for an American empire,’ by Emily Eakin, distributed by the NYT, 7 April 2002).
Ms. Eakin pulls no punches in her assessment of things. ‘Today,’ she writes, ‘America is no mere superpower or hegemon but a full-blown empire in the Roman and British sense. That, at any rate, is the consensus of some of the nation’s most notable commentators and scholars.’ The problem is, however, that those who work, pay taxes, and risk their lives in defense of America (a disproportionate number have been white males from the South) have not been asked their opinion about this transformation from an homogeneous republic to a multicultural empire. Rather, the Establishment elites have taken it upon themselves to ignore the idea of‘the consent of the governed’ and thus to craft a global financial and economic system that will necessitate the creation of a global political system; the American empire is the core of that system, and that empire will necessarily be hostile toward the interests of the founding stock of the country (historically-speaking, that would be . hite. Western European, Christian folks) who might wish to preserve their own power base grounded in the founding principles of America.
Opposed to this emergent Pax Americana are two of the main principles upon which our original polity was founded: republicanism and federalism. In a republic, the interests and well being of the people themselves (or the communities) take precedent over the interests and well being of the governors. The people are citizens and not subjects, and thus government exists to serve them. In imperial regimes, things are stood upon their heads. Federalism really means States Rights, and the ultima ratio of States Rights is secession. Without States rights—and the right of secession—we have no rights at all. But for the past 140 years or so we have witnessed the destruction of States righ's and the steady growth of empire. The two cannot exist together. Either we now bow the knee to an imperial regime that has usurped our God-given liberties or we stand and fight for the restoration of a truly federal republic. As has been the League’s position from the start, we think that the restoration of liberty can
Peaceful Weapons - Strategy to win confrontations - by Connie Ward p. 4 Schedule for the Annual National League Conference	p.	7
The Most Bodacious Hoedown - Labour Day Weekend	p.	3
best be accomplished through Southern independence.
But why, the proponents of empire ask, would any American be opposed to the benign sort of imperialism that we now exercise around the globe, especially if it fosters democracy, prosperity, equality, multiculturalism, and diversity? One of the high priests of Pax Americana, Yale University Professor Paul Kennedy, crows, ‘nothing [in history] has ever existed like this disparity of power [between the United States and the rest of the world].’ The empire sired by Lincoln and nurtured by Roosevelts I and II, Wilson, Truman, Ike, JFK, LBJ, Nixon, Carter, Reagan, Clinton, and the two Kings George has no rival. According to Ms. Eakin, America today ‘tends to operate not through brute force but through economic, cultural, and political means. The idea seems to be that it is easier to turn other people into Americans than for Americans to make war on them.’ So, concludes the Wall Street Journal’s Max Boot, "We are an attractive empire, the one everyone wants to join.’ Author and journalist Robert Kaplan echoes this sentiment: ‘There’s a positive side to empire. It’s in some ways the most benign form of order.’
Well, now that the cat’s out of the bag about this empire thing, what are we, as freedom-loving Southrons, to do? Most importantly, we must pound unceasingly upon the fact that this imperial regime is unconstitutional and thus illegitimate. Moreover, we must boldly reaffirm our own solution to the problem of empire: Southern independence. We have been able recently to strike at the root of the empire’s origins because of the tremendous success of Tom DiLorenzo’s new book.
The Real Lincoln (Random House, 2002). As a result of this much-needed debate on the career of the Old Rail Splitter, many scholars and journalists have come around to our way of thinking. Other books and movies are forthcoming later this year that will further challenge the legitimacy of the American Empire, and it is only a matter of time until this debate filters down to the masses of middle- and working-class Southerners. At that point, if we can play our cards right, we can kick the Southern nationalist movement into high gear.
Feedback from the last President’s Message, entitled ‘A Vital Economic Issue,’ (March-April 2002) has been good. I am happy to report that I was able recently to attend a five-hour seminar that will help me in putting together our first personal finances seminar aimed primarily at young white males in Dixie. I have had some volunteers offer to teach the seminar in their areas after it is completed. Once the 2002 annual conference and summer schools are over, I will have the time necessary to put together a two-hour seminar, complete with readings, that easily and quickly can be reproduced for use anywhere across the South. I’ll keep you post on this project via www.dixienet.org and in this newsletter.
Lastly, the Grey Book Project is moving ahead nicely. We are shooting for publication of the first edition by mid-November of this year. Mr. Rob Thornton (Arkansas) and Miss Connie Ward (Florida) have agreed to serve as our ‘Committee on Style,’ and thus to draft the final version.
Deo Vindice!
Dr Michael Hill
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
P. O. BOX 14184 MONROE, LA 71207 (800) 888-3163 email:JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Rudulph Submissions must be in PC file or typewritten and sent to south2@juno.com or P. O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Jack Kershaw, J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
© 2001 All rights reserved.
Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement. Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display
the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71202. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of vour Southern Patriot dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
Around the League
ft 18-20 July 2002 ANNUAL LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH NATIONAL CONFERENCE schedule of events on page 7. The League Summer School will be held in connection with it - see 'South Carolina' below
Dixie Broadcasting, the Southern Movement's first internet radio station began full-time programming in June. League member Ray Me Berry of Georgia is the owner and manager. To tune in to www.WDXB.com
GEORGIA
ft 11-13 July 2002 a Hedge School in Macon on ‘The War on the Southern People, 1850-1876.’ Contact Rev Jim Schoolfield at (478) 788-7683.
SOUTH CAROLINA
ft 16-20 July 2002 Abbeville Summer School, held in connection with the National Conference: Cost: $725 per student for tuition, 6 nights lodging at the Belmont Inn, and dinner and supper, Mon. evening thru Sat. noon (10 meals). $335 per student for tuition and 10 meals (lodging on your own). $250 per student for tuition only (lodging and meals on your own). Make Check to the League of the South and mail to: League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207. Deadline for registration is 5 July. The Belmont Inn has 25 rooms and they will be allocated on a ‘first come, first served’ basis. Some full and partial scholarships are available. For Scholarship information, call LSI Director Dr Clyde Wilson (803)772-
1145.
TENNESSEE
ft 31 August, the Saturday before Labour Day 2002, EVERY LEAGUE MEMBER SHOULD ATTEND THE BODACIOUS HOEDOWN. Dr Michael Hill calls
the Hoedown the League's 'Big Event Of The Year,' next to the national conference. It will be held at the Balm of Gilead's 'Top of the World' Farm. It is located near the geographic center of the Confederacy between Lawrence-burg ('Crossroads of Dixie') and Waynesboro, Tennessee.
The Hoedown is all about rejoicing: rejoicing in our families, in each other, in our nation. It will be a bodacious good time, capped by a bodacious worship service.
You may remember that once the ex-iles had returned to Israel under Nehemiah, they met to hear the law read. When they heard it, they all broke out weeping for what they and their people had lost, but Nehemiah strictly forbade mourning on that day, because it was a festival. 'Go your way,' he said, 'eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our Lord: neither be ye sorry; FOR THE JOY OF THE LORD IS YOUR STRENGTH.’
Friday, 30 August, folks will start arriving.
Saturday during the day there will be agrarian demonstrations, and Saturday night the big ball (your Hoedown proper) with a WBTS period band (we hope the 12th Louisiana).
Sunday morning Bishop Daniel R. Morse of the Reformed Episcopal Church will celebrate Holy Communion using the liturgy from the Episcopal Church in the Confederate States. All baptized Christians are affectionately invited to the Lord's Table.
Besides the events of the Hoedown, the area around the Top of the World Farm boasts hundreds of sights. From Nashville (1.5 hours from the Top of the World Farm) to Columbia stretches Plantation Alley with Rippavilla,
3
Rattle & Snap, and many other famous plantation homes. You can visit Bishop Polk's home church, St. John's in Mount Pleasant and stop by the National SCV headquarters in Columbia. Just south of Nashville is Franklin, site of the Battle of Franklin. South and east of Nashville near Murfreesboro is the battlefield of Stone's River. Nearby is the home of the Confederacy's boy spy, Sam Davis, whom the Yankees hanged at Pulaski for refusing to reveal the identity of his comrades. An hour and a half west of The Top, just on the other side of Savannah, is the battlefield of Shiloh. If you are coming from the South, through Mississippi, you will pass near Brice's Crossroads, scene of Forrest's most perfect victory. An hour east of Lawrencebury is Pulaski, with it's monument to Sam Davis on the courthouse grounds. Near that is a historical marker about the Agrarians and I'll Take My Stand. A tiny museum marks the spot where Sam Davis was hanged. The Natchez Trace Parkway lies about half a mile as the crow flies from my house (about 3 or 4 miles from The Top), and you can catch it anywhere between Natchez, Mississippi and Nashville. And believe me, this list by no means exhausts all the historic and cultural attractions. I haven't even begun to talk about The Museum of Snuff in Nashville.
For advance reservation discount, call now (888)218-9226.
TEXAS
ft 26-27 July 2002 LSI Texas Summer Institute, Austin, TX (The political philosophy of Jefferson and Calhoun) Contact: A1 Hall 512-836-7646
ft 14 September 2002 Texas LS State Conference (Waco) Contact: Jeff Adams jeffadams@texasls.org
888-339-8422
tk
ern ±atnot
Peaceful Weapons
by Connie Ward
The confrontation with ‘Show-Mo-the-Money’ Dees and the puppet ‘policemen* at the University of West Florida in January might have gone differently if we few Southrons attending the event had not been brandishing weapons—peaceful weapons: microcassette audio recorders and digital cameras.
The strapping young campus cops who rudely shoved retiree Olaf Childress backwards through a glass door and onto the sidewalk in the chilly night of 12 January seemed to grow somewhat contrite when a person not involved in the incident approached them with a microcassette recorder in hand. That was yours truly — moi — erstwhile girl-reporter for The Florida Sun; an old hat at interviewing folks with a rollin' tape recorder in my hand.
Out of their own mouths... (well, not this time)
The interesting thing was how these guys clammed up as soon as I shoved the business end of the recorder — the end boasting that little built-in condenser microphone — in their face just and began to ask them exactly what Mr. Childress had done to warrant the physically rough treatment he had received. One cop seemed to suddenly develop such a fascination with the Pleiades floating o’re us in the inky sky, he didn’t hear my question. Another one got so completely absorbed with some shrubbery growing down at the end of the sidewalk, he didn’t hear my question, either.
Although ‘subjects’ are sometimes totally uncooperative, as these were, there are certain things to remember when you are recording audio for
evidence. At some point during the incident, identify the time, place, event and incident by speaking this information into the recorder yourself. Get the names — on tape — of as many people involved as possible. Ask interviewees (who are not public figures) if you may record the conversation and get their spoken permission or denial on tape. If they agree, before questioning them about the incident itself, ask them to state for the recording their identity and their part/role in the incident.
If you plan to publish their interview or information from it, get their to do so permission on tape. This is probably advisable even if you simply plan to keep the tape as possible evidence.
Depending on your clothing and demeanor, some people will automatically assume you are with the press. In case they should ask, have it already in mind how you will identify yourself — as a member of the SCV public relations or the League of the South publicity chairman for your chapter or whatever. If they don’t ask, it’s probably best not to identify yourself at all — but let the unique circumstances of each situation ultimately decide this question.
The way the stalemate at the UWF ‘Tolerance Fest’ got resolved was that I finally abandoned the cops and asked Mr. Childress for his version of events. As he was willingly speaking to the recorder, glibly and without hesitation, the campus cops saw an opportunity to slowly and quietly fade away and they took it. They just melted into the scenery and presumably made their way back into building where the SPLC tolera-gasm continued. Mr. Childress.has asked for an apology from those involved in this incident. Since learning of his request, I have
wondered on several occasions whether it will be forthcoming. Although he has turned in the names of several human eye-witnesses to parts of the incident, that simply isn’t as good — in the digital age — as having electronic collaboration.
That’s an excellent illustration of why Southrons should acquire and keep with them (or nearby) most of the time, if not all the time, certain ‘peaceful weapons,’ should verbal or physical confrontation and conflict rear its ugly head.
Aside from a microcassette recorder, stocked with new batteries and spares in a handy location, what else do we need?
Worth A Thousand Words
Cameras, of course. It is a rare Southron event that isn’t photographed and frequently posted on the Internet for the edification, entertainment and inspiration of Southrons in other places. But let’s go one better than thinking of our cameras as devices for creating wonderful memories of wonderful events. Always have in the back of your mind that cameras are evidence recorders. You never know when jack-booted thugs are gonna show up at your wonderful event and turn it into an ugly confrontation or at least a pooped party.
Try to have several types of cameras on hand at your events; chemical, digital, still and video. Keep them well stocked with batteries, film, or whatever storage medium they use. Practice using them until it becomes second nature. When the cops or the tolerance crowd are shoving Southron grandmas out a plateglass door, or taking candy and little battle flags from Southron babies, you don’t want to miss the shot while you screw around
out hern Pa
atriot
with the light meter settings....
It isn’t unheard of that cops will confiscate cameras during certain types of incidents. If you anticipate anything of the sort, leave your good equipment at home or locked in your vehicle and use a throw-away camera. It’s probably a good idea to always have several throw-away cameras on hand.
Learn how to ‘shoot for evidence’ whether on still cameras or video. Use panning and zooming sparingly and v-e-r-y slowly, or avoid it all together. Hold the camera as still as possible (use a tripod when you can), so faces will not be blurred and can serve identification purposes. (‘So, as you can clearly see in this segment. Your Honor, the moment the band struck up Dixie, Mr Jones was buying a Blooming Onion from a vendor clear on the other side of the field from the craft tents....’) Shooting good, usable footage may become difficult if a developing incident grows too chaotic. A few things you can zoom in on are badge numbers, name tags and other identifying text, slogans and logos.
Remember at some point during the event to shoot images of license plates of both the civilian and law enforcement vehicles that may connect in some way to your event.
E. T. phone home
There are no telling how many cell phones already show up at our events — they’re pretty commonplace by now. However, even such ordinary items need to be utilized optimally. Everyone knows to dial 9-1-1 in an emergency. In addition, program your phones to speed-dial your own personal emergency numbers.
More about cell phones in a minute.
Peaceful telephonic weaponry isn't
just for outside events. Left over from my days as a reporterette with The Florida Sun, when 1 would often interview people by phone, are two devices that connect a microcassette recorder to the phone. One type is simply a two foot wire that attaches to the telephone handset via a suction cup at one end, and plugs into the recorder’s microphone jack. It’s about $4 at Radio Shack, and it works, but the sound quality of the recording isn’t the best.
That’s why I prefer a more reliable recording device that plugs into your phone’s hardware. Like the suction cup device, this one plugs into the recorder’s microphone jack and but interfacing with your phone’s actual hardware (and costing a whopping $ 12) this device provides much better sound recording.
Taping what someone says over the telephone without their knowledge and consent is illegal in most, if not all, the United States. Check with your telephone service provider for applicable laws and regulations in your area.
Although the capability to record telephone conversations is most often used in business and the media, proSouthemers need to be aware of this resource and consider its usefulness. As the movement grows, more of us will be contacted by the media or, surreptitiously, by spies from the watchdog groups. Telephone recording provides a hedge against being misquoted. Start the tape rolling and tell the reporter or ‘survey taker’ that you are recording the conversation.
Ask them to identify themselves and give permission to record the call . If they say no, terminate the coversation. Save the tape for a reasonable about
of time before erasing and reusing.
After recording a call you think you should keep for a while, drop the cassette into a small envelope, seal it, and write pertinent identifying (date, participants, subject matter) on the outside. Don’t try to write the information on the tiny cassette’s tiny label. No matter how clever your abbreviating, there’s a good chance that six months down the road, you won’t remember what Tm Vb 07 xxv means.
Keep the telephone recording devices and a microcassette recorder connected to your telephone at all times. Get another recorder to take with you to outside events.
Literature
At Southron events, always have with you some introductory literature about your group (or groups, if it’s a coalition event), if you hope to recruit during the event. It’s actually not a bad idea to have flyers or brochure with you at all times. That way, if something happens to you similar to what happened to me recently, you won’t drop the ball.
After our most recent League chapter meeting in Pensacola, customers arriving at the restaurant we were just leaving saw battle flags flying from a member’s vehicle. One of them remarked, ‘I like that Stars and Bars — the battle flag, too!’ It was the perfect opportunity to hand the gentleman a League brochure — and one that we missed because we weren’t prepared.
Don’t let this happen to you! Have that literature handy! Use your best judgment about identifying yourself and giving out proSouthem literature if you are crashing the other side's shindigs.	(continued)
vol. 9 • no. 3
Methodology
(1)	Establish friendly relations with cops early in the event — I have also wondered several times since 12 January if things might have ended differently had I not previously established friendly contact with the two cops who later shoved Mr Childress and ignored me. Earlier in the evening I had made a couple of jokes with them as I searched for a water fountain, and we had ha-ha’ed together.
Perhaps because of that earlier contact, when I later confronted them seeking information about Mr Childress’s alleged ‘transgression,’ they chose to slip away at the first opportunity rather than continue the confrontation.
1 think it is always good practice to establish friendly relations with law enforcement, whatever the event. It is amazing how often they’ll tell you they agree with you, but by law, they must warn you about this or ask you to do that. Be friendly if at all possible but if you can’t, at least do not be confrontational and antagonistic to them. They usually are not the enemy.
(2)	Establish a buddy system for your group — Or, perhaps in Dixie, it should be called a bubba system. At any event, the system should enable group leaders to know that all their people are accounted for. It isn’t necessary to stick with your bubba every moment, but check in with each other at fairly frequent intervals, or keep in — touch from opposites of a big crowd — on your cell phones.
(3)	Designate two or three observers for certain types of events — Observers are members of your group who do not look like members of your group. No red shirts, no battle flag pins, no proSouthem paraphenalia. They do not
‘hang around’ with our group at events, or do what our people do. They should have all the appearance of an unaffiliated bystander or third party. These ‘plain clothes’ observers in ‘civilian dress’ should be armed with all the peaceful weapons (except literature). They are to record and evidence-gather with the hope that if our devices are confiscated, theirs won’t be.
It will be tough on an observer to go to a rip-snorting, flag-wavin' heritage rally and not be allowed to sing Dixie. For this reason, the job of observer should be rotated to different folks in your group.
The ante upped
Is all this extra trouble really necessary? Maybe not now, but it might be in the not-too-distant future.
I do not believe our movement will stall; it will either self-destruct or move onward; and if it moves onward and grows, as I believe it will, the Empire will up the ante in all respects. Why wait? We need to start learning now to deal with the rising stakes.
One small but possibly crucial way to do that is to become proficient at using ... peaceful weapons.
Ms Connie Ward of Pensacola is chairman of the LS Panhandle Chapter. She is the author of the webzine 180 Degrees TrueSouth.
Going East
by Buddy Hanson
Whenever I use the phrase ‘Going South,' it means something good, because I’m returning home from some other part of the country. Unfortunately, this is not the common meaning of this phrase. In today’s parlance, 'going South' is synonymous with
6
something bad.
Since the South is a place, not merely a direction, as is the north, I have to believe that this misnomered phrase was invented by a misguided Yankee.
If we must use a direction to describe something bad, I suggest we use what the Trinitarian God of Scripture uses: Going East. It is interesting that Scripture has nothing good to say about anyone 'going East.'
*	When Adam and Eve were expelled from the garden of Eden, we are told that God posted a cherubim as a guard where they made their exit ('at the east of the garden of Eden.') Genesis 3.24
*	When Cain killed Abel, 'he went out from the presence of the Lord, and settled in the land ofNod, east of Eden.' Genesis 4.16
*	And, when Abraham gave Lot first choice as to where he would settle. Lot “journeyed eastward into the rich fertile valley of Sodom. Genesis 11.2
According to God, 'going east' is symbolic of a person abandoning righteousness. 'Going South,' then should remind us that we are going toward good manners, good food, good friends, good music, good theology, and certainly toward a place where 'good times are not forgotten.'
As a lifelong Southerner, I urge fellow Southrons to begin using God’s phrase, 'going east,' to describe a bad situation, and to correct (with Southern courtesy, of course) those who make the mistake of using the phrase 'going South' in the wrong way. This way they can be accurate in their speech, and please God all at the same time.
League member Buddy Hanson is the author of God’s Ten Words, advertised in the last issue of SP. Contact him at bhanson@graceandlaw.com
VOL 9 • NO. 3
Southern Pa
atriot
2002 NATIONAL CONFERENCE i ABBEVILLE, SC 18-20 JULY MR. ALEX CHEEK, MASTER OF CEREMONIES If you have not already registered, it is $60 per LS member ($75 to include meals); $90 per LS husband and wife	
($120 to include meals, plus $7.50 per meal for each child); $90 per non-LS member ($105 to include meals);	
$130 per non-League husband and wife ($160 to include meals, plus $7.50 per meal for each child).	
Make Check or money order payable to The League of the South and mail to League of the South, PO Box 14184,	
Monroe, LA 71207. THURSDAY, 18,h	
7:00-9:00 p.m.	2nd Annual Circle of St. Andrews Banquet, The Village Grill, Abbeville
FRIDAY, m	
2:00-5:00 p.m.	Readings by League poets, Book Signing to follow
4:00-5:30	League of the South Board of Directors meeting. League Building, Abbeville
6:00-6:30	Registration, Abbeville Civic Center
6:30-8:00	League Cookout, Abbeville Civic Center grounds. Music by Basic Gray
7:00-7:45	Mr Walter D. Kennedy, co-author of The South Was Right! Abbeville Civic Center
8:00-9:15	Public lecture, Dr Mark Winchell, The Birth of a Nation, Abbeville Civic Center
8:00-9:30	Meeting of LS Board and LS State Chairmen, League Building, Abbeville
SATURDAY, 20th	
8:45-9:15 a.m.	Registration, Abbeville Civic Center
9:15	Opening Prayer
9:15-9:30	Music by Basic Gray
9:30-10:15	Dr Michael Hill, President, The League of the South, ’We Dare Defend Our Rights.'
10:15-10:30	Mr Robert Hayes, League Building Manager
10:30-11:00	Break
11:00-11:45	Dr James E. Kibler, League Cultural Committee Chairman
11:45-1:15 p.m.	League BBQ, Abbeville Civic Center
1:15-2:00	Mr Ray McBerry, founder of Dixie Broadcasting, 'Southern Redemption.'
2:00-2:15	Mr Ron Holland on Fundraising
2:15-3:00	Break
3:00-3:30	Mr Jack Kershaw, Esq., President of The Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation
3:30-4:15	Dr Thomas DiLorenzo, author of The Rea1 Lincoln
4:15-4:30	Dr Michael Hill, Closing Comments and Announcements
4:30-4:40	Singing of'Dixie,' 'The Southern Anthem,' and Closing Prayer
4:40-5:30	Music by Basic Gray
5:30	Fellowship at League Building and tour of Abbeville

vol. 9 * no. 3
Southern Pa
atrwt
The Presidential Fund
The purpose of the Presidential Fund of the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation is to keep Dr Hill as full time president for the League of the South. Donations to the fund are tax-deductible. Coupon Books which simplify pledges to the Presidential Fund are available. Call 800-888-3163.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY AND MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTI-SOUTHERN CAUSES. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSE! Consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
The following are new signups with the League Long Distance Program: Floyd Moon - Statesboro,Georgia Carl L. Brown - Galveston, Texas Glenn Forehand - Leesburg, GA George Burns Rockingham, NC The League has been paid a total of $6,880.56 since the inception of this program. The one year to-date total is $1,310.96.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE (Clip and Mail)
Here's my part to help Dr Hill continue as full time LS President. Enclosed
is (cheque/money order) $___, and 1 pledge $ per (month/year).
Enclosed is (cheque /m.o.) for $______one-time	donation.
Name________________________________________________
Address_______________________________________________________
City_____________________State_______________Zip_____________
Telephone (______)_____________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207. We will then send you a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
The League of the South Statement of Purpose:
We seek to advance the cultural social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people bv all honourable means.
To Renew Your League of the South Membership
The first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a ‘Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online (www.dixienet. org), or mail to PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207
Regular Membership is $40.00 per person annually, $60.00 for husband and wife. Legion of the South Membership is $125.00 continuing annual pledge,
$200.00 for husband and wife.
If you are not a member yet, send a written statement that you support our purpose with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207. For more information call 1-800-888-3163.
The League accepts credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet. org) and following the online directions.
South. ern Events
Quarterly Journal of the Alabama League of the South One year subscription - $15 SOUTHERN EVENTS, POBOX 2517,
SELMA, ALABAMA 36702-2517
vol. 9 • no. 3