January - February 2003 VOL. 10 • NO. I
the League of the South
Post Office Box 14184 IMonroe, LA 71207
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
^President’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
Southern Unity
More than anything else, the current Southern movement needs true unity. I’m not speaking here of unanimity—we all will never agree on every single issue—but rather of a unity that allows us to work together despite our differing views. Nor do I mean sacrificing right and truth for the sake of a false unity. Some of the things that now divide the various organisations and individuals within the Southern movement ought not be swept under the rug in order that we might make a dubious claim that we are united in our cause.
For the now-disparate elements of the Southern movement to be truly united, we must have a fundamental standard to which we all can repair. In other words, we must define the indispensable core principles of our movement. We dare not settle ourselves on mere process—means to ends. Nor ought we be content simply to react piecemeal to the growing onslaught against our cultural inheritance and liberties. The Southern movement, despite many tactical victories, has for the past decade or so proved unable to take a consistently proactive stance because of the lack of a set of defined core principles, and, in turn, the lack of such a set of principles has led to an often-paralysing disunity.
What are these core principles on which we can unite? First, 1 believe, we must all dedicate ourselves to the South’s physical survival as a definable historic place containing an identifiable, particular people. If there is no geographical entity identifiable as ‘the South’ we are wasting our time in all other endeavours. Third-world immigration (both legal and illegal) and the migration of Yankees (meaning other Americans hostile to the South and its traditions) into our midst threaten to dispossess us of our land itself. Reversing this trend—and thereby saving our own physical territory for ourselves and our posterity—must take precedent over all else. Before we seek to fight heritage battles or make the South independent we must have a secure physical place in which we can do our work. In my mind, therefore, one of our core principles must be the South's physical survival as a place that belongs to us.
This begs the question: who is us? There is no doubt in my mind that the natural defenders of the historic South are the very descendants of those who settled it and fought for it from colonial times until 1865. We were bom here, and by God’s grace this is our land. We are predominately white, European, and Christian. This is not to say that others cannot join our movement if their hearts and minds are in the right place. After all, one of the most courageous Confederate generals, Patrick Cleburne, was a native of Ireland, and several other loyal Confederate generals (not to mention other ranks) were northern transplants. No one should question their devotion to the Southern cause, and the same standards ought to apply in our own day as well. Moreover, today we have black Southerners such as H. K. Edgerton and Robert Harrison who have proven that they belong within our movement. But let us never deny (for the
E
atnot
sake of pleasing the implacable Cultural Marxists) that we, the descendants of white, European Christians, are central to a movement to preserve and advance a particular civilisation, cultural inheritance, and physical place.
Next, we must do all we can to undermine the prevailing myth that the South was, and is, the repository of all that is evil in America. Now, I really don’t expect ‘those people’ (as Lee called them) to change their minds about the South; however, it is imperative that the Southern movement counter the effects of this myth among our own people. It has poisoned their minds and made them ashamed to be called Southern. To put it simply, we must convince the Southern mainstream that we are fighting to preserve something indispensable to their own well being. This can be done only by our resolute and unceasing proclamation of the truth about the South.
Most Southerners are victims of an educational system, media, and popular culture bent on indoctrinating them to hate their ancestors, themselves, and all that was (and is) good about Dixie. This insidious campaign has resulted in several generations of self-loathing Southerners, perched on their stools of everlasting repentance, that have denied the blessings Providence has given them. One of our major tasks should be to reach them with the truth about the South and the lies perpetrated against her. Shattering the myth of the ‘evil and reprobate’ South will not be easy, but it must be done.
But if we are to reach Southerners with the truth about the South, we must come to some basic agreement on what
is the ‘truth.’ And, of course, this is where many within the Southern movement will find numerous points of contention. As a fallen, sinful man, I do not claim to know the truth about much of anything. The best any of us can do is to know a bit of it from time to time. However, our inability to comprehend the pure and complete truth ought not keep us from pursuing it diligently.
In our search for the truth about the South, it is important that we all bear with each other in good faith while we pursue it. This is the essence of unity. Moreover, we should put our often swollen egos aside and esteem our Southern brothers and sisters more than we esteem ourselves. Those whose egos must be constantly stroked are not, in my opinion. Southern patriots. Giving place to others is called humility, and it has been in short supply within our movement thus far. Therefore, when we do proclaim the truth, let us do it in love with humble hearts. We will be following centuries’ worth of good examples when we do.
Also, we must understand that our ancestors were predominately Christians, and it is to our own peril that we deny this fact. Their faith in the true and living God informed their lives and actions. It must be so with us as well. If we deny the centrality of the Christian faith and its outworking in the world, then we are no better than any other movement (be it Socialist, Communist, Democrat, or Republican) seeking raw power and self-aggrandizement. But at the same time, we must remember that the Southern movement is not the Church; therefore, we must have no religious Test Oath, as it were, for membership in our movement. (Continued on page four)
1
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
O. BOX 14184 MONROE, LA 71207 (800) 888-3163 email: JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
ilpditor: fiat Rudulph Submissions must be in PC compatible file and sent to south2@juno.com or typewritten and sent to P.O.BOX 2517 SELMA* AL 36702
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Jack Kershaw, J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J- Steven Wrtkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
© 2003 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. O. Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71202. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
AROUND THE LEAGUE
ft 11-12 July (Friday and Saturday) at the Abbeville Civic Center the 2003 LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH NATIONAL CONFERENCE AND LSI SUMMER SCHOOL. (The summer school will be from 8-11 July [8:30 a.m. Tuesday until 5:00 p.m. Friday] at the Belmont Inn in Abbeville.) For those contributing at least $600 annually to the President’s Salary Fund, the annual Circle of St. Andrews banquet will be held the evening of Thursday, 10 July. The topic of this year’s summer school is 'Heroes of the War for Southern Independence,' and will include lectures on Nathan Bedford Forrest, Wade Hampton, John Hunt Morgan, Richard Taylor, Henry Timrod, among others.
Tuition for the Abbeville summer school is $275 per person. Attendees will be responsible for their own lodging and meals. We have reserved a block of 25 rooms at the Belmont Inn for summer school students only (those attending the League national conference the following weekend will be provided a list of other accomodations in Abbeville and nearby Greenwood). Space at the summer school is limited, so please reserve your place early by sending your tuition check in the amount of $275, made payable to the League of the South, to PO Box 14184, Monroe, Louisiana 71207. We anticipate that some scholarship money will be available later to reimburse students who qualify for assistance.
More information on the 2003 LS national conference and the Abbeville summer school (as well as other LSI summer schools and events) will be forthcoming in the Southern Patriot newsletter and on www.dixienet.org. and Dixie Daily News. For more information, call LSI Director Dr Clyde
Wilson at (803) 772-1145 or LS President Dr Michael Hill at (318) 398-9400.
The winner of our 2002 Confederate Bond raffle was Don Jones of Darlington, SC. We will raffle off another Confederate Bond in 2003 for the same ticket price of $ 1.00.
ALABAMA
ft 8 March-The Annual meeting of the Alabama LS will be held in Montgomery at the state capitol in the Archives room from 10:30-3:00. Speakers are League President Michael Hill and Franklin Sanders. Entertainment will be provided by Basic Grey. A tour of the capitol is also planned.
GEORGIA
For Sale: Confederate Gift Shop in Central Georgia. Business located in large shopping center. Specializes in Southern history and unique merchandise. Selling price is wholesale cost for inventory, plus fixtures and assume balance of lease. Owner retiring and moving out of state. Only serious inquiries please. Phone 706-444-9573.
MISSISSIPPI
The Mississippi LS has a new State Chairman, Mr Thomas Ray Floyd of Mendenhall. Mr Chris Chamberlin stepped down at the end of the year. Mr Floyd can be reached via e-mail at trfloyd@juno.com
NORTH CAROLINA
The newly formed Piedmont Chapter of the North Carolina LS held their 1st meeting in January in Winston-Salem.
SOUTH CAROLINA
PI 21 February - Abbeville. Author signing. Several League authors will be in Abbeville for the day and evening available to sign their books.
3
ft 3-10 May - Dr Hill speaking tour of South Carolina
ft 10 May-Abbeville. Dr Hill speaking at the Annual SCLoS spring conference on the grounds of the Burt-Stark House preceded by a picnic dinner. 4 May was the date of the last War Council conducted by President Jefferson Davis, 1865, at the very same home. 10 May is the official SC State holiday for Confederate Memorial Day.
This song was written by Robert Bums, prompted by Scotland’s forced ‘union’ with England in 1707 and the treason of the Scottish establishment in bringing it about. For Southerners, just substitute certain words and it reflects what our own Scalawag ruling class, in cooperation with the Yankee empire, has done to us.
A PARCEL OF ROGUES IN A NATION
Farewell to all our Scottish fame, Farewell our ancient glory!
Farewell even to the Scottish name,
So famed in martial story!
Now Sark* runs over Solway* sands. And Tweed* runs to the ocean.
To mark where England’s province stands—
Such a parcel of rogues in a nation!
What force or guile could not subdue Through many warlike ages Is wrought now by a coward few For hireling traitor’s wages.
The English steel we could disdain. Secure in valour’s station;
But English gold has been our bane— Such a parcel of rogues in a nation!
O, would, or I had seen the day That treason thus could sell us.
My old grey head had lain in clay.
With Bruce and loyal Wallace!
But pith and power, till my last hour,
I’ll make this declaration:
‘We’re bought and sold for English gold’—
Such a parcel of rogues in a nation!
(* the Sark and Tweed are Scottish rivers, and Solway refers to the Firth or Bay of the same name).
atnot
PRESIDENTS MESSAGE
(cont. from p. 2) SOUTHERN UNITY
Rather, we should seek by our own conduct and good fruits to influence those who would deny the primacy of the Christian faith, and obedience to it, in the restoration of the traditional South. I believe that generals Lee and Jackson would approve.
The current Southern movement is still an immature movement. We are not yet finished learning to walk. Before we can effectively do those things needed for our survival and advancement, we must strive to become a mature movement. Our slow progress and growth should not dishearten us, however. On the contrary, under very trying circum-stances and in a hostile environment, we have done quite well in making some progress over thedast decade. Most importantly, we exist in the face of great odds against us. Yet much remains to be done. By God’s grace it will be done if we are able to abide with each other in good faith and then strive to work out our differences, not sacrificing truth along the way. As with any human endeavour, this will require much hard work and patience. But it is necessary if we are to be a united movement with any chance of success.
Therefore, The League of the South stands ready to work with others in the Southern movement so that true unity might prevail. As President of the League, I do not seek, by means of this article, to set the agenda. Nor do I put forth the ideas herein as the only basis for unity. I do think I’m right (else I would not have bothered to write this piece), but also stand ready to be corrected by wiser heads than mine.
In conclusion, allow me to summarize my position: 1) the Southern
movement must unite without sacrificing truth for the sake of a false unity; 2) we must come to some agreement on a set of fundamental core principles that define our movement; 3) the South’s physical survival as a definable, particular, and historic place is of paramount importance; 4) the core (though not necessarily the entirety) of the Southern movement must be comprised of the descendants of those who settled and fought for the South from the colonial era until 1865. This means that the core will be mostly white, European Christians bom in the South. We must proclaim this unashamedly and forthrightly, though without malice; 5) we must agree on the necessity of shattering the prevailing myth that the South is historically the sole repository of evil in America. We must especially do this among our own brainwashed Southern brethren; 6) we must seek the truth while abiding with each other during this difficult process; 7) we must understand and then proclaim that the historic, traditional South was informed by, above all else, its Christian faith and obedience to that faith; and 8) we must be patient while we mature as a movement, and as individuals within the movement we must humble ourselves and give place to others within our ranks.
In the time it’s taken you to read this article, the anti-South coalition of leftists and neo-conservatives has yet been at work to destroy our Southland. They will not stop until we unite and, by the grace of God, make them stop. May He give us the wisdom and courage to win this fight.
Michael Hill
20 January 2003 AD
Monroe, Louisiana
Special League Book Offer From PELICAN PUBLISHERS & The LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH League of the South Board member Walter D. (Donnie) Kennedy has written a blockbuster new book entitled Myths of American Slavery (Gretna, LA.: Pelican Publishers, 2003, $25.95 hardcover). Mr Kennedy is, of course, the co-author (with his twin brother, Ron) of the immen-sely popular The South Was Right! (Pelican, 1995). Myths of American Slavery is indeed the answer to the perplexed observation of Pres. Jefferson Davis, who wrote: 'No subject [i.e. slavery] has been more generally misunderstood or more persistently misrepresented.' Pelican Publishers has arranged a deal with the League whereby we receive 40% of the sale price of this book (as well as The South Was Right! and John R. Graham's A Constitutional History of Secession). Call Pelican at 1-800-843-1724 to order any or all of these books. Be sure to give them the League's reference code: "2LOS" to insure that we receive our 40%. Thanks!
'If slavery were the real issue, then slavery among flesh-and-blood human beings alive today would arouse far more outcry than past slavery among people who are long dead. The difference is that past slavery can be cashed in for political benefits today.' - Thomas Sowell
Ad Rates for Southern Patriot $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call for availability. (334)875-1552
atrwt
The ’War’
On Terrorism:
A Southern Perspective
by Michael Hill
The post 9-11 “war” on terrorism appears to have solid support among Southerners. After all, Southerners possess, historically, a martial culture, and the Establishment has found it relatively easy to appeal to Southern “patriotism” in times of war or impending conflict. But Southerners must not allow their patriotism to obscure their good judgment when it comes to fighting and winning the war on terrorism.
Few would question the firm moral case for responding forcefully to the sort of attacks that occurred on 11 September 2001. Those responsible ought to be pursued and punished. Moreover, those responsible for America’s defense ought to honestly address the weaknesses that allowed the attacks to happen in the first place. Providing for the common defense is supposed to be one of the few things the general (or federal) government does, at least according to the Constitution.
In a flurry of post 9-11 activity, the Bush administration has sought to reassure Americans that all that can be done is being done to protect the country against future terrorist attacks. For now, all of this activity (e.g. the invasion of Afghanistan, the arrest of numerous Muslim terror suspects, the passage into law of the USA PATRIOT Act, the establishment of the massive Homeland Security Department, etc.,
etc.) seems to have made most Americans feel more secure. Now, we are being prepared for a war against Iraq, and our leaders tell us that it’s unavoidable if we are serious about winning this war on terrorism.
Wanting to trust Bush and his administration, Americans—and especially patriotic Southerners—refrain from questioning elected leaders in a time of proclaimed national crisis. But ought Southerners place such blind faith and trust in the Washington elites? To answer this question, we must look at who these elites are and the way they view the world and their own place in it.
First, who are they? Virtually all the Washingtonian elites are products of the Ivy League (especially Harvard and Yale). They are the self-proclaimed “best and brightest.” They are traffickers in information and analysis; they produce nothing usable by anyone outside their own narrow class. But they command for themselves great power and influence by controlling the flow of and access to critical information. Second, they are involved in the often-incestuous relations among government, the multinational corporations.
the academy, the media, and the big non-profit foundations. Third, as committed internationalists and proponents of global democracy, global capitalism, and even empire, they have no loyalty to any nation, regional identity. State, or local community. They are truly a deracinated class—politicians, bureaucrats, lobbyists, lawyers, consultants, academics, corporate executives, media moguls—that abhors the traditions associated with place and culture. These well-paid sophisticates disdain true patriotism, Christian mores, historical and cultural memory, ethnic and racial homogeneity within historical states, and, in the case of America, constitutional government. In short, they are enemies of all that traditional Southerners hold dear.
The elites’ view of the world is based on narrow self and class interests, and such interests have been packaged rather innocuously for public consumption as 'global democracy' and 'global capitalism.' But these transnational elites do not define 'democracy'as would a traditional Southerner. The latter likely would associate his democratic republic with
LS Real Estate Raffle The half-acre parcel borders beautiful Town Creek in Elmore County, AL. For more details contact Mike Whorton at (334)514-1988
^0NE$50RRFFLETTCKETFO^LOTT
j keep this portion as a receipt for your records - proceeds benefit the LS | Name_________________________________
j Form of Payment____________________Date	sent

ONE $50 RAFFLE TICKET FOR TOWN CREEK LOT
I send this portion with your $50 donation (proceeds benefit the LS) to: | Mike Whorton, 10524 US Hwy 231, Wetumpka, AL 36002
■ Name
Address I City_
Phone
State
Zip.
the idea of 'the consent of the governed.' This, however, is far from the meaning of'democracy' for the global elites. For them, democracy is not a process worked out on the campaign trail and at the ballot box. Rather, it has more to do with results than with process. Democracy is an ideology that can be furthered only by certain social, cultural, economic, and political outcomes. For 'global democracy' and it handmaid, 'global capitalism,' to be the genuine article, it must successfully promote multiculturalism, diversity, tolerance, radical egalitarianism, open borders, the free flow of money and credit and goods and services, and other ideas that serve to undermine the concept of national sovereignty and traditional cultures.
Also, 'global democracy,’ and all the leftist ideas and policies that inform it, has taken on among the elites the authority of a religion. Thus it stands in opposition to the Christian worldview that for long has dominated the South. The religion of the elites is steadfastly grounded in the rationalistic philosophies of the Enlightenment. Thus they believe that human progress, leading to utopia, can bring secular salvation to a world floundering in ignorance, bigotry, and superstition. As the high priests of this humanistic religion, the elites will allow no other gods before their high-tech Caesar—the omnipotent managerial state (as Samuel Francis calls it). And as the Oz-like manipulators of the levers of the managerial state, the elites see themselves as surely superior to the common folk over whom they rule. When pundits speak of the post-Christian West, they speak of the acquiescence of the American hoi polloi to this paradigm.
But can the secular international elite (and the American state which they
control) committed as they are to a rationalistic post-Christian order, really defend us against the specter of militant Islam? Once upon a time, Christian Europe had no trouble in launching the Crusades or defending the Balkans and the Iberian Peninsula against the spreading cancer of Mohammadism. Then, a vibrant, self-assured Christendom showed no qualms about asserting itself against a competing religion swom to its overthrow and destruction. But times have changed, and what remains today of Christendom is but a pale image of its old self. The medieval monarchs and warrior heroes who defended the gates of Christendom against the Muslim hordes have been replaced in our own day by bleating men who proclaim Islam a 'religion of peace' and worry more about hate crimes against Muslim immigrants than they do about truly securing our borders against real and potential Islamic terrorists.
In truth, the post-Christian elites in Washington are hamstrung by their own ideology. Their commitment to multiculturalism, diversity, and tolerance precludes them from shutting down the borders and getting control of the problem of immigration, both legal and illegal. It also prevents them from championing America as an historic place settled and developed by Christians for their Christian posterity, a place worth fighting for. But because of the pernicious influence of the elites on public opinion, through political correctness (or, properly speaking, Cultural Marxism), today’s emasculated Christians dare not utter a word about this "place" actually being ours by inheritance, and as such closed off to those who do not share or respect our history, culture, and religion. They have bought the elites’ mumbo jumbo
about America’s uniqueness as a 'proposition nation' whose creed is radical egalitarianism. Not to put too fine a point on it, but these slumbering Christians need to be awakened to cold, hard reality.
Simply put, the Washington ruling elites are not about to do the hard things necessary to protect us from an aggressive Islamic jihad. To do so would undermine the very ideology that keeps them in power. If we are to successfully counter the threat, we must first free ourselves from the grip of their alien ideology and then declare to Islam that it is our intention, as Christians, to defend our God-given inheritance. It would appear that the South, as the last bastion of historic Christendom, would be best suited to make this bold assertion.
To do this, we shall have to call this struggle with Islam what it is: a religious war. Moreover, we must stop confusing the issue by calling Islam a peaceful religion. The only peaceful Muslims are apostate Muslims. The best hope for the elite class is that most Muslims and Christians in the world today have truly and finally apostatized and therefore do not take their religion seriously. Regarding these peaceful and apostate Muslims now residing in the West, how many await the day when their numbers swell to the point that they can safely become faithful Muslims again? Should religious passions become inflamed between serious Christians and Muslims, the elites’ global utopia likely will be swept away by forces that their vain ideology cannot keep at bay. And we as Southerners should bid this elitist worldview and all its pestilent policies good riddance. Only then can we seriously get about the task of winning the war against Islamic terrorism.
atriot
Obituary
Please remember these families in your prayers.
Annie Hill
The grandmother of Dr Michael Hill went to be with the Lord on 20 December A.D. 2002. She was preceded in death by her husband. Earnest Hill and her son, James C. Hill (Dr Hill's father). A native of Monroe County, Mississippi, she lived in Winfield, Alabama from 1927 until her death. She was a dedicated Christian, and a charter member of the League of the South.
Marie McCoy
A Christian lady, and beloved wife of Mac McCoy of Walhalla, South Carolina. She and Mac served the League faithfully for several years. Mac was the recent Upcountry District Coordinator for the South Carolina League. Marie McCoy crossed over the river to rest under the shade of the trees, Wednesday 8 January A. D. 2003.
Jim Bitzer
League member of West Plains, Missouri, recently passed away after a struggle with cancer.
Margaret Callaway Putman Minic
1924-2003
Margaret passed Sunday, 12 Jan. A.D. 2003, at her home in Birmingham after a brief illness. She was a committed Christian, a long-time member of the League, a patron and champion of the Southern cause, and a dear and faithful friend to many of us.
Margaret was bom in Birmingham in 1924, attended Birmingham Southern for a year, and graduated from the University of Alabama in 1945. She was early endowed with abundant gifts: movie star beauty, theatrical presence.
broad and active intellectual gifts, a charitable spirit, and an impish sense of humour. She studied the Cours de Civilization at the Sorbonne in Paris after World War II, where she met her husband Vladimir. She learned to speak fluent French and read French literature. Later, back in Birmingham, she worked with local theatre groups and taught French at a girls' school.
Margaret’s Christian faith was the source of the abundant grace she displayed in life and in death, and informed her staunch defence of the South. She was a quiet, but eloquent spokesman for Christ as well as for the South, perceiving that there was no conflict between the two causes, but that the one followed from the other.
Funeral services for Margaret were held Wednesday, 15 January, in Birmingham, where she was eulogized by her many friends and laid to rest to a slow and sonorous rendition of’Dixie.’ She is survived by her husband of 49 years, Vladimir; her daughter and son-in-law, Greer Minic Wilhelm and David A. Wilhelm of Daphne, Alabama; a grandson, Mark D. Wilhelm, also of Daphne; and other relatives.
Margaret was a gracious and lovely lady, mannered and cultured in the superlative style of our past heroes. Our loss is great, indeed, but not as great as the blessings we received while Margaret was in our midst. Lovely lady, rest in peace.
Obit for Mrs Minic by Sara Hill
Margaret requested that donations in her memory, in lieu of flowers, be made to either St Matthew’s Episcopal Church, 2565 Rocky Ridge Road, Birmingham, AL 35243, or to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207
The Circle of Saint Andrew
Since May 1999 League President Michael Hill has been able to devote his attention full time to Southern causes, thanks to the support of Southern Patriots who have fulfilled their pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund.
While every gift regardless of the amount is appreciated, The Circle of Saint Andrew has been created to acknowledge those who make significant financial contributions to support Dr Hill and his work. The Circle of Saint Andrew includes all those who contribute $600 or more annually to the Fund.
All Circle of St Andrew members are invited to a yearly reception and dinner, hosted by the League and held in connection with the annual conference, where they are presented with a Circle of St Andrew lapel pin. Circle members also will receive a personal letter each quarter from Dr Hill on matters regarding the League, projects, and agenda. A piedge form can be found on page 8 of this issue.
Diapering Dixie
Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriot. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
Andrew McRae Sanders Second child of Justin & Ellen Sanders 8999 Ella Gallaher Road West Point, TN 38486
MEMBERS: Be sure to send in all birth announcements to Southern Patriot for this feature.
atnot
Presidential Fund Pledge
The purpose of the Presidential Fund of the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation is to keep Dr Hill as full time president for the League of the South. Donations to the fund are tax-deductible. Coupon Books which simplify pledges to the Fund are available. Call 800-888-3163.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN: SAVE MONEY & MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations.
LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTISOUTHERN CAUSES. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost.
+ Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
+ Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
+ Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
+ Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
+ Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
LDA has provided over $7,000 to the League of the South since the inception of this program.
HELP THE CAUSE - switch your Long Distance carrier to LDA
Call David Williams (800) 535-0757 to sign up
i-------------------------------------------------------1
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE (clip & mail)
Here's my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full time League of
the South President. Enclosed is (cheque/money order) $_,
or I pledge $____________________per	(month/year).
or.e - tun
n a txo
□ yes, I want to join THE CIRCLE OF SAINT ANDREW, so I am pledging a total of $600.00 per year or more. (See details page 7)
Name
Address
City
State
Zip

Telephone (____
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this form to the MNK Foundation, c/o League of the'South, PO Box 14184, Monroe, LA 71207. You will receive a personalized ‘coupon book' to simplify your monthly record-keeping along with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. AH donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH EMPLOYMENT FUNDI
The League needs a full-time, professional staff, and your generous donation can make it happen. Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Employment Fund. Donations] to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. The goals are to hire and support (1) a national field director, (2) a public relations director, (3) a part-time secretary for the national office, (4) a paid editor for this newsletter and for a League journal.
Yes, I want to help the League acquire a paid staff. Enclosed is (cheque/ money order) $_______,	and	I	pledge	$____per	(month/
year). Enclosed is (ck/m.o.) for $ Name
one-time donation.
Address
City
State
Zip
Telephone |
)
Mail to: League of the South, P (XBox 14184, Monroe, LA 71207