November - December 1995
VOL. 2 • NO (i
THE SOUTHERN LEAGUE Post Office Box 10910 Tuscaloosa, AL .‘15401-0910
"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause.1
Jefferson Davis
B
resident’s message....
Dr. Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
IN THE NEWS AGAIN
The Southern League Board of Directors held its annual meeting in Atlanta in October to review the activities of the past year and formulate plans for the new. I am pleased to announce the addition of two members to the Board— James R. (Ron) Kennedy of Mandeville, Louisiana, and Jack Kershaw of Nashville, Tennessee. Both men are Founding members of the League and have been intimately involved in its operation from the start. Ron is the co-author of The South Was Right and has worked actively for Southern causes for many years. Jack, too, is a long-time supporter of the South, an attorney, and a talented artist. I know you will join us in welcoming Ron and Jack and offering them the support you have generously given to me and to the original Board.
I am pleased also to announce the formation of the Southern League Cultural and Educational Institute. Initially, the Institute will publish original works written by League members and sponsor a SL summer school in 1996. For information about making tax-exempt contributions to further our cultural and educational projects, contact Finance Chairman David Rockett at (318) 388-1149.1 direct your attention to the insert letter from Mr. Rockett included with this issue of the Southern Patriot. More information on the Institute will be forthcoming in future issues.
The Board made preliminary plans for the 1996 National Conference to be held June 6-9 in Montgomery, Alabama. The first capital of the Confederacy, Montgomery offers a unique setting for our meeting. The conference hotel, program, and other details will be announced in the January/February issue of the Southern Patriot, but please mark the dates on your calendar and begin making plans to attend.
We are in the national news again. In its Sunday, 29 October edition The Washington Post carried a commissioned article written by Dr. Thomas Fleming and me entitled “A New Dixie Manifesto: States’ Rights Shall Rise Again " The article ran also in the Post’s national weekly edition the following week. We have had a good response from readers interested in learning more about our organisation and how to join; and, considering the Post's reader profile, that’s rather surprising. If you missed the article in the Post, you can find it on our WebPage, “Dixienet" (http://www. dixienet.org/) or you can request a copy from the national office.
The Chronicle of Higher Education, a publication probably unfamiliar to many of our members, did a cover story on The Southern League in its 10 November edition. A liberal journal read mainly by college and university administrators and faculty, the Chronicle is surely no friend to the League. Nevertheless, the article was respectfully written and was indeed complimentary
Southern Patriot.____44
From our members . •.
CHRISTMAS IN THE EARLY SOUTH
contributed by J. 0. Bledsoe Mable ton, Georgia
Many in the tidewater region of the Southern colonies enjoyed enough wealth and leisure to celebrate the ancient holiday of Christmas in grandest fashion. Largely English, French, and German, often aristocratic, and usually unencumbered by the stem moral earnestness that afflicted their Puritan cousins in the North, these first Southerners thoroughly enjoyed Christmas when they could.
For centuries their European ancestors had observed the 14-day-long season of Christmas-tide, which began on Christmas eve and continued through January 6th, the ‘Twelfth Day” after Christmas called Epiphany. The Christmas spirit sailed across the Atlantic with them and even during the harsh early years, they often managed to celebrate the Yuletide in the New World with traditional English merrymaking: visiting, music, fireworks, cannon shooting, bonfires, feasting, parties, hunts, games, dances and weddings—all before an enormous glowing and blazing Yule log. It had been carefully selected and lighting it on Christmas eve signaled the beginning of holiday merriment. “Carefully selected” in this case meant that servants found the largest, most water-soaked log available since tradition held that the merry season of leisure would last as long as the Yule log burned. Another
tradition was to save a small portion to kindle next year’s Christmas log.
In New England, the Puritan fathers looked with grim disdain on Christmas. To them, this holiday was a notorious occasion for celebrations in Catholic Europe, and they thus strictly forbade its observance. Work continued on this day unless it fell on Sunday. “Anybody,” so ran the enactment by the General Court of Massachusetts, “who is found observing by abstinence from labor, feasting, or any other way, any such day as Christmas day, shall pay for every such of-J fence five shillings.” Elders also found it necessary to “Forbid all traffic in plum puddings and the like ”
For some reason the plum pudding was viewed as a symbol of the whole evil affair.
The settlers of the middle colonies held somewhat less dreary views and were not so much bothered by feelings of religious guilt. Many of them enjoyed Christmas with the merriment of their “old country” traditions.
The wealth of our Christmas customs, however, came from the Southern colonies. As the years went by and colonists there increased in wealth, so did their celebrations increase in elaborateness. By the last half of the 18th century Christmas time had become the social as well as religious season
for Southerners. Many Southern settlers during early colonial days considered Christmas primarily a religious festival; and although the religious meaning of the season was never neglected—the observances leading up to ‘Twelfth Night” or Epiphany, which commemorates the visit of the Three Wise Men to the Christ Child, were often the most popular and written-about times of the season, even outshining Christmas Day—toward the end of that period all the traditional English merrymaking customs and revelry were widely and heartily observed.
The Christmas tree was soon borrowed from German Moravian and Lutheran colonists; but from the beginning Southerners gathered evergreens such as holly, smilax, pine, cedar, laurels, magnolia, and mistletoe to “deck the halls.” Wreaths were woven and mantelpieces and pictures festooned. Tidewater Christmases were rarely white, but always green. Juniper or incense might have been burned to protect the household from harm. Another aroma of the season came from the kitchen where Christmas cakes and cookies were baked from longstanding “receipts” passed down from mother to daughter. Gifts were exchanged and carols sung; and specially made huge “Christmas candles" illuminated the whole house.
At the center of all the celebrating was “Father Christmas,” from earliest times
Southerners did not take readily to what they called “the dapper little Manhattan goblin called Santa Claus.”
called “The Lord of Christmas.” In tidewater Carolina, his flowing hair and beard were made of Spanish moss. In one hand he carried mistletoe, in the other a black wand or staff with a silver crook at its top, and with which he delivered his gifts to all. Southerners did not take readily to what they called “the dapper little Manhattan goblin called Santa Claus ” Father Christmas was large and regal, with features bold and expressive, yet gentle. He was, all in all, the emblematic representative of the classic Jupiter, rather than the quick, merry, and elfish figure Santa Claus has come to be.
Christmas tippling was widespread. Servants’ employment contracts stipulated a bonus for Christmas drinking. Slaves had leisure time for dancing and singing around holiday-long bonfires. Usually, new clothes and extra food were furnished them during this season. “Christmas gift” was a cry heard on every plantation as servants claimed their yearly tip. The old English “Boxing Day” custom of bringing “Christmas boxes” to the master to collect gifts had been transplanted to the South and it thrived even though gifts here were less often money than was usual in England.
The main event on Christmas day. of course, was Christmas dinner. It was a board as festive as could be managed, set before a roaring fire. On this much-anticipated, once-a-year occasion, Southern cooking reached the heights of early American quality and quantity. Traditions in Christmas fare varied from house to house, but a large colonial plantation Christmas
feast that required days or weeks to assemble and prepare might include: eggnog, oysters on the half shell, scalloped oysters, clear soup, roast stuffed goose with sauce, baked country ham with mustard sauce, lamb, roast wild turkey with combread stuffing, venison, and several other wild game dishes, including, perhaps a grand “Christmas pie.” The recipe for this special treat called for a turkey stuffed with goose and chicken and pigeon and seasonings, with rabbit and quail set around, all inside a heavy crust. There were brown and white breads, Brussels sprouts with chestnuts, turnips and greens, baked sweet potatoes and apples, beans and peas, Mary Randolph’s salad, fig and plum puddings, orange tarts, bourbon pecan cake, fresh fruit, walnuts and pecans, cider. Port wine, and syllabub.
Christmas was also celebrated with the Wassail bowl, another English tradition familiar to all of us because of the popular verses in the old carol “Here We Come A Wassailing.” Wassail, or wes hal (be whole) in Anglo-Saxon, was a toast or greeting which is associated with celebrations of Christmas and New Years from the earliest days. According to tradition, the head of the household invited his family to gather around the bowl of hot spiced ale with roasted apples floating on it. After drinking to their health and prosperity in the coming year, the bowl was passed around to each member of the family who returned toasts to joy and happiness for all. Gradually, this ale became known as wassail; and the Wassail bowl, usually decorated with garlands of greenery, particularly holly.
was a popular custom in America from the beginning. Eggnog was widely substituted for spiced ale in the colonies by the time of the Revolution. There was much drinking of these and other cheering and warming potions at the homes of friends and neighbors over the holidays.
Our observances of Christmas represent a rich mosaic of customs based on the winter festivals of many ancient cultures merged with Christian tradition. The lion’s share of the credit for preserving and enhancing this universal holiday in America, like so many of the other good things in our unique cultural inheritance, belongs to the traditional Old South.
A veteran supporter of Confederate causes, Col. Bledsoe is Deputy Commandant of the Old Guard ofthe Gate City Guard of Atlanta.
♦ ♦ ♦
Merr$ clfnstmasl
THE CIVIL WAR ON SCREEN: PHARAOH’S ARMY
contributed by Katherine Dalton Louisville, Kentucky
Friends of mine from the deeper South like to tease me about Kentucky’s equivocal position during the Civil War. I try to turn it to good account; nothing gets you memorizing your own history like a disparaging remark from a South Carolinian. But perhaps in the new movie Pharaoh's Army I have my best revenge. Based on a tale told by a Kentucky mountaineer, set and filmed in Kentucky and written and directed by a Kentuckian, this is a beautiful film, and the best movie ever made on the war.
A young mountain woman named Sara Anders (played by Patricia Clarkson), whose husband is off fighting for the Confederate Army, has been left behind on the family farm with her children. As the film opens, she is burying her daughter. Soon after the funeral, she is visited by five Yankee soldiers quartered nearby at Cumberland Gap, who have her name as a Confederate sympathizer and who consequently have come to take all her food. But when one of the young soldiers has an accident on the farm, they are forced to stay put until he is strong enough to move. That’s when the story begins.
The movie’s subtitle is “A Very Private Civil War,” and there are in fact no battle scenes. Here the real fight is between Sara and the Union captain, and the film follows the development
and inevitable ruin of their friendship—the great conflict writ small. In this modest talc of a foraging expedition, Henson encapsulates two of the greatest tragedies of that terrible war: that it made blood enemies of people who so recently were neighbors, and that it laid waste not just to land and lives, but to so much human spirit.
The acting is good throughout, supporting roles and all. Union captain John Hull Abston is Henson’s most fully developed character, and the one who faces the worst dilemma: whether to treat Sara civilly or even kindly, or as an enemy. A widowed farmer from Indiana, who is unaccustomed to killing men and who would much rather be plowing than fighting, he is a wonderful character and extremely well played by Chris Cooper. Being less beset, less poor and less intractable than Sara, to a modem middle-class audience he is the more comprehensible of the two.
But Sara’s dilemmas are spelled out clearly as well, and she has some of
the most memorable scenes in the film. One of the best shows her rocking next to her daughter’s grave, an eerie and very real portrayal of overwhelming grief. Clarkson has another striking scene is which she goes to wash her dress (and her soul) in the creek. Henson acknowledges that “some people have been put off by how cold she is, especially at the end. But I wanted to be truthful to the Scotch-Irish women. They were hard.”
A less unbending Sara, and a happy ending for her and the captain, would have suited some people better, but it would not have made sense. As with all good plays, in Pharaoh's Army it’s the fundamental character of the leads that drives the action along, so that the story is both logical and inevitable. This is how high tragedy is constructed, and it’s gratifying to see a movie on the Civil War that reminds you more of Greek drama than melodrama.
It’s a further credit to Henson’s film-making that the movie touches on
WHERE TO FIND PHARAOH'S ARMY
Made for under $500,000, this is a little film, and it will be hard for you to find. In Louisville and Lexington, Kentucky’s two largest cities and home turf for Henson, it played for only a few weeks in the local independent/foreign film theaters. The one Southern city that was on the schedule at press lime was Nashville, where the film will be shown in December.
It will be released on video next April through Orion Home Video, and should be offered to all interested PBS stations in September and October 1996. You can contact your local station and encourage them to show it. If you are interested in arranging for a showing of Pharaoh 's Army, contact its distributor, Cinepix Film Properties Inc., in New York City at (212) 995-9662.
many of the ironies of the war, without seeming labored. Many spanking-new immigrants from Europe ended up fighting to teach the South what it meant to be American, and there is one here, nicknamed Chicago for his new hometown (he’s a sympathetic character, played well and with a completely credible accent by Robert Joy). To his captain, who likes him, Chicago is nevertheless an outsider. who has inexplicably taken sides in an American fight.
The role both Northern and Southern pastors played in supporting (or inciting) their congregations is made crystal clear by Kris Kristofferson’s half-fey Confederate preacher, and by the story the Union captain tells of how he was recruited at church. Also, the one black character in the film fights on the Southern side, to the astonishment of the Union sympathizers on screen and no doubt several in the audience.
Yet Henson, who like many Kentuckians had family on both sides of the war, does not consider his film pro-Southern. Perhaps it seems so only because Henson has so much compassion for his characters on both sides, and because today, not to demonize the South is by default to defend it.
While this is Henson’s first fictional film, all his movies but one have been on Kentucky subjects. He spends a lot of time in the state, splitting his year
between New York City and his native Danville, where he occasionally directs a play at his parents’ theater, the Pioneer Playhouse. He has a strong interest in oral history and the link between history and myth, and that shows in his subjects: one documentary looks at Kentucky’s larger-than-life former Governor A. B. “Happy” Chandler, and another, entitled Blood Memory, is about a Civil War raider in southern Kentucky and Tennessee, whose stories are still told in that area.
The script for Pharaoh's Army is largely Henson’s creation, but was sparked by a story Kentucky writer and activist Henry Caudill passed along to him. “The point I make—and that many Americans make—is that America is so forward-looking, very few people have an appreciation of history. Very few people even know where their ancestors fought [in the Civil War], and there doesn’t seem to be a great concern about this,” Henson says.
Certainly there are many people who say that war is ancient history—who agree with Norman Podhoretz that it is “as remote and irrelevant as the War [sic, as my friend Bill Kauffman interjects] of the Roses.” All I can say in response is that a good story well told has a significance far beyond its subject, and that a movie about one war is about all wars. That means it’s always current, and as we turn from
policing ourselves in the last century, to policing the world in this, we would do well to be reminded that war is a hard necessity and a moral sinkhole, even when we are right; heaven help us when we are wrong.
Miss Dalton is a contributing editor to Chronicles and American Enterprise magazines, and a freelance writer.
♦ ♦ ♦
“If you are on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; and in that case the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive man.... Going back is the quickest way on.”
-C. S. Lewis
■T"oin the Southern League— t the fastest-growing Southern Nationalist orgahization in the country. For a free membership packet (for yourself or a friend) send this form to:
EDITOR, SOUTHERN PATRIOT PO Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
Name
Address
City, State, Zip
Patronize patriots ...
We are compiling a business listing called “Patronize Patriots” in order to encourage a Southern trade network. If you own a business and would like to list it so that other SL members may patronize it, contact the national office and request the “Patronize Patriots” form. These should be completed and returned no later than February 15, 1996. We will list member businesses at no charge, but any donation you care to make to help offset printing and mailing costs will be appreciated. Preliminary plans are to include the listing in the March-April mailout of the Southern Patriot.
oving? Help us keep up with you. Send change of address in advance on this form and don’t miss or delay a single issue of the Southern Patriot.
EDITOR, SOUTHERN PATRIOT PO Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
Name
Address
City, State, Zip
otables...
“Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable—a most sacred right—a right, which we hope and believe is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government, may choose to exercise it. Any portion of such people that can, may revolutionize, and make their own, of so much territory as they inhabit.”—Abraham Lincoln, 1848 [to be filed under “Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”]
“Millions of ... men and women still keep Christmas . . . holy as well as happy. But there are some . . . who have used it for things far baser than either pleasure-seeking or play. They have betrayed Christmas. For them the substance of Christmas, like the substance of Christmas pudding, has become stale stuff in which their own treasure is buried; and they have only multiplied the sixpences into thirty pieces of silver.”—G. K. Chesterton
♦ ♦♦
Michael New, the Army medic from Kentucky who refused to wear United Nations accoutrements with his uniform, was arraigned November 17. If convicted, he could face dishonorable discharge, forfeiture of pay, and a six-month jail sentence. Constitutional issues also are at stake. If you would like to contribute to New’s defense, the address is;
Michael New Defense Fund
POBox 1136
Crest wood, Kentucky 40014
ideas ...
The set of 5 audiotapes from the 1995 National Conference in Nashville ($35.00 donation) and the videotape of the 1994 National Conference in Charleston ($30.00 donation) are still available from the national office. UPS orders please add $4.50 per set (for audiotapes) or per item (for videotapes).
Why Not Freedom? ($17.95), by James R. and Walter D. Kennedy, should be available in your local bookstore.
SL car tags (red on white) are available for $6.50 postpaid from Bill Mori, The Confederate Shoppe, 928 Delcris Drive, Birmingham, AL 35226.
Franklin Sanders (The Moneychanger) has an excellent videotape production of the Fall 1995 Elmwood Cemetery Walking Tour (Memphis). Actors in period dress tell the stories of Confederate soldiers, smugglers, slaves and others buried in Elmwood, and their interlocking lives make this a vivid and poignant portrait of life in Memphis during the War for Southern Independence. The Moneychanger, PO Box 341753, Memphis, TN 38184-1753 or call (901) 853-6136.
All rights reserved. Permission to reprint articles herein is granted on the condition that such reprints give full credit to the Southern League, supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author's name. The Southern League requests copies of all reprints.
The Southern League
Michael Hill, President	Board of Directors:	Thomas Fleming	James R. Kennedy
P.O. Box 40910		Jack Kershaw	Grady McWhiney
Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910		J. Steven Wilkins	Clyde N. Wilson
Telephone: (205) 553-0155			
Fax: (205) 553-2155			
30 November 1995
From: David E. Rockett, Finance Chairman To: Southern League Members & Benefactors Subject/Regarding: FROM MATERIALISM TO SIGNIFICANCE
The Southern Agrarian tradition rejects Modernism's philosophy of “progress.’' Dominated by Industrialism's endless (meaningless) production and consumption of material things, life becomes flat, cold, and sterile—without transcendent meaning. Our Southern cultural roots lay in the soil of Christ's warning: “Take heed and beware of covetousness, a man’s life does not consist in the abundance of things which he possesses.” Or, as Henry Blue Kline said:
In his very selectivity he thought he espied his salvation; for the active part of him became increasingly wary of material benefits; they could too easily be sops thrown to pale creatures that once were men. in order to reimburse them for the loss of their souls (“William Remington: A Study in Individualism.'' I'll Take My Stand, p. 319).
In rejecting modem materialism, however, we Southerners are not too timid to relish life in all its fullness by having an uproarious good ole time. Indeed, the enjoyment of good music, drink, wives w ho love being women, and loyal friends is both a duty and means of thanksgiving. This true ‘piety of life in creation' is part of our Southern heritage. It is this heritage that we Southern Leaguers arise to defend with our lives, fortunes, and sacred honor. Below are some of the projects we need money to initiate, support, and follow through.
*	President Michael Hill's salary and expenses. $35,000 annually would free him up financially to give himself without restraint or hindrance to the work before him. This is crucial.
*	Mailing list development and expansion.
*	Systematic display advertisement/announcements in appropriate magazines/joumals/newspapers.
*	Printing/publishing (flyers, brochures, books & booklets) which defend and promote our cause.
*	DixieNet development. George Kalas could do more with more funding.
So. what can vou do? Below are several options for you to consider. Maybe this Thanksgiving and Christmas seasons you will seriously consider making them part of your budget and financial/estate planning. 1 am willing to help anyone prudently structure his or her intentions-but you must initiate it by calling me (318) 388-1149.
*	Dues. Pay them—and join The Legion of the Southern Cross if you can. This money pays the general operating expenses of the League.
*	Make a charitable, tax-deductible donation to The Southern League Foundation.
*	Make The Southern League Foundation a charitable beneficiary in your will.
*	Use Charitable Lead, or Charitable Remainder Trusts to make significant contributions. This should be done while you are ALIVE and will perhaps see some of the fruit.
“We invoke the blessings ot Providence on a just cause." Jefferson Davis
FROM MATERIALISM TO SIGNIFICANCE Page 2
Our excellent beginning will quickly pale with just talk. It is time to act. We must discreetly but pointedly challenge each other to put our money where our mouths are. As a fellow soldier, I look forward to hearing from and working with many of you for the rightness of our cause and the future of our posterity.
Sincerely,
David E. Rockett Finance Chairman
Please accept my gift: (Checks payable to The Southern League Foundation).
$_________._____Monthly, Quarterly, Annually, One-Time (please circle one).
______Please call me about various Planned Giving Opportunities available.
Name:
Address:
City, State ZIP: Telephone:
Clip and mail to:
David E. Rockett Southern League Finance Chairman PO Box 2628 Monroe, LA 71207
ralanUAnA* /I 1 OX 1 OO 1 1 A fX