May-June 21)01
VOL. 8 • NO. 3
the League of the South Post Office Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
04 We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause.”
Jefferson Davis
p
resident’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
Dear Friends,
My family and I will very shortly be relocating our residence and the League
national office from our present location in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, to Monroe,
Louisiana. This is a major step for us and one which we have not made without 6 , months of careful consideration and prayer. Thanks to all of you who prayed
for us and encouraged us throughout the decision-making process.
Family and League-related business matters figured heavily in what we ultimately decided to do. Our top priority was to relocate where we would have a faithful church and a community of like-minded people of all ages. We believe that this will ultimately allow us to serve the League better and more efficiently, even though we will be less centrally located. We are sad to leave the Heart of Dixie, Alabama, the place of our birth, our home all our lives, and we will miss our dear kinfolk and our long-time friends. (We will visit you often.) But we think we have made the right decision, and we solicit your moral support, your patience as we make the transition, and your continued trust.
To our friends in Monroe that we’ve known and loved since 1994, we’d like to say thank you for pointing out the old paths, for walking them yourselves, and for teaching us to dance (sort of!).
The next (July-August) issue of the Southern Patriot will be delayed due to our move, but we will get it out as soon as possible. We also will work hard to ensure that the office will experience a minimum of down-time. New contact information, such as address, telephone, and fax numbers, will be released as soon as available.
I am pleased and confident with the momentum and growth in the eastern States of the South. With the relocation of the na.ional office further west, I hope that we will be able to generate more support for the League agenda in
In This Issue ... The Circle of St Andrew	;'r	 P-	2
A Home for the League Update	p.	3
New Titles in the LSI Papers Series	: p.	3
LDA New Sign-Ups	P-	3
Around the League	P-	4
Teaching Pigs to Jump Rope	P-	5
Diapering Dixie	• p • V | p.	5
Southern Voices	p.	6
League Calendar	^	 p	8
the western States of Texas, Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
With our prayers for your homes and families, we remain
Your obedient servants, Michael & Sara Hill
THE CIRCLE OF ST ANDREW
Since May 1999 LS President Michael Hill has been able to devote his attention full time to Southern causes, thanks to the gracious support of Southern Patriots who have fulfilled their pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund. The fund is administered by the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation in Nashville. Now, the LS announces the formation of the Circle of St Andrew, which will be open to all who contribute $600 or more annually to the Presidential Salary Fund. The Circle of St Andrew is intended to acknowledge those who make significant financial contributions to support Dr Hill and his work.
The initial meeting of the Circle of St Andrew will be a reception held Thursday, 11 October, at the 2001 National Conference in Jackson, Mississippi. Everyone who has contributed any financial support to the Presidential Salary Fund is invited to the reception. Details will be forthcoming this summer in the Southern Patriot, on Dixienet, and by letter to all LS members. At the reception, all those who have contributed $600 or more to the
Presidential Salary Fund in any of the past three years will be presented with a Circle of St Andrew lapel pin. Beginning in 2002, a reception will be held annually at the national conference exclusively for Circle of St Andrew members.
Circle members also will receive a personal letter each quarter from Dr Hill on matters regarding the League, the League Institute, projects, and agenda.
The LS Board of Directors urges all who do not yet qualify for membership in the Circle of St Andrew to make an appropriate pledge or to upgrade their current pledges to the Presidential Salary Fund. A form can be found on p. 8 of this issue.
On behalf of Dr Hill and his family, the LS Board of Directors thanks you for your material and moral support.
Advertising Rates for Southern PatriQt: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (800) 888-3163.
May • June 2001
vol. S* no. 3
A Home for the League
UPDATE
As of early June the pledges toward the purchase of the League Building and Southern Cultural Centre in Abbeville, South Carolina, stand at 87 percent of the purchase price. Additional donations, however, will be needed for closing costs and insurance.
Those of you who have donated will be honoured at a reception/fund raiser in Abbeville 28 July. Everyone is invited. Grand Opening of the League Building is slated for September. Donations of $1,000 or more will place your name or honouree on an honour scroll in the building. A gift shop containing exclusively Southern-made items will be housed in the building.
At this late date, please send cheques rather than pledges, as soon as possible, payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation, and mailed to the South Carolina League of the South, PO Box 5458, Aiken, South Carolina 29804.
New Titles in the LSI Papers Series
Three additional publications will soon be added to the current 5-title LSI Papers series. The subject matter and authors of the new pamphlets are as follows: Southern Manners, by Dr Ward Allen; Jabez Curry, by John Chodes; and Confederate Connections with the American Revolution, by Dr Clyde Wilson.
LDA New Sign-Ups
Thank you to the following new signups with LDA since the last report: Robert C. Walker-Franklin, North Carolina; William Brittain-Hopkins, South Carolina; Ross Massey-Nash-ville, Tennessee; Clark Williams-Watkinsville, Georgia; Melvin Hartley-Belton, South Carolina; Chuck Kauffman-Fordyce, Arkansas; Jean McCullough-Royston, Georgia; Scott W. Williams-Glennville, Georgia; Bill Cames-Laurens, South Carolina; Lynne Van House, Round O, South Carolina; Woodville Presbyterian Church-Woodville, Mississippi; Lynn Barbara Wells, Cooleemee, North Carolina; Joseph Arnold-Bonifay, Florida; William Griffin-Little Rock, Mississippi.
From May 2000 to May 2001, LDA has donated a total of $1,974 to the League. For sign-up information, please see box below.
Dixie Daily News
For the latest ‘Dixie Daily News’ we highly recommend League member Ron Holland’s fine Southern Caucus website. It can be accessed by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet.org), scrolling down and clicking on the Southern Caucus banner. Ron’s website is the best way we’ve found to stay current on all the news from Dixie that’s truly fit to print.
www.dixienet.org
LS/LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE COMMISSION RATE 5 TO 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southern causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost.
—	Business as can switch over their 800 number an 1 save BIGI
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South to help advance our cause.
Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
May - June 2001
VOL. 8* no. 3
Around the League
Please note that the League Calender (p. 8) has been shortened and details incorporated into this column. An upcoming event on the League calendar is preceded by this symbol: 111
LEAGUE-WIDE
LSI Director, Dr Donald Livingston, was the subject of a feature interview in the latest issue of Southern Partisan magazine.
Long-time League member and Southern literary figure, Tito Perdue, was the subject of a recent interview by the New York Press.
ALABAMA
A Jefferson Davis Birthday Celebration was held 2 June 2001 at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery. The Alabama LS used the occasion to gather even more signatures for a Constitutional amendment that would allow the people of Alabama to vote on the issue of returning the battleflag to its position atop the State Capitol. Alabamians wishing to sign the petition can print a copy from the website, Dixienet.
GEORGIA
The Georgia LS State Convention was held in McDonough 30 June.
13The LS Institute will host its First Annual Georgia Summer School in Macon 19-21 July. The topic will be ‘The Southern Constitutional Tradition.’ Faculty will be Prof. Clyde Wilson, Prof. Marshall DeRosa and Prof. Donald Livingston. Tuition & fees are
$125 per person before 1 June and $150 thereafter. All inquiries, applications and cheques should be sent to: Dr Donald Livingston, LSI, 478 Burlington Road, Atlanta, GA 30307. (404) 377-0484.
LOUISIANA
David Rockett and Bill Wheelus were recently appointed local LS Chairmen for Ouachita Parish and Franklin Parish respectively.
0The 2nd Annual Louisiana LSI Summer School will be held at the Best Western on the Lake in St Francisville, 9-11 August. The topic will be ‘The Moral, Political, & Theological Traditions of the South.’ Faculty will be Dr Don Livingston, Dr Thomas Fleming, & Dr Thomas Woods. Tuition & fees are $100 before 15 June and $125 thereafter. Inquiries, applications, and cheques should be sent to Don Livingston, 478 Burlington Road, Atlanta, GA 30307; (404) 377-0484.
SOUTH CAROLINA
Please see update on the League Building project on p. 3.
HI The LSI will host the 6th Annual Summer Institute 23-28 July in Abbeville. Additionally, the SC League is planning a tour of the John C. Calhoun home in Clemson, then to Pendleton for supper on the Square at the Farmer’s Hall where Calhoun made speeches. This tour and supper is open to be public. We should have a crowd of200 Red Shirts on the Square. For more oh the Summer Insititute, contact Dr Donald Livingston, 478
--------------------4
Burlington Road, Atlanta, GA 30307; (404) 377-0484.
TEXAS
A June 9th rally was held at the Cy-press-Fairbanks Independent School District (ISD) administration building to protest the actions of the ISD against two students who wore Confederate shirts to school.
(3 The Texas State Meeting will be held in Waco 15 September at Piccadilly Cafeteria (formerly Underwood's Barbecue). Howard Phillips, Donnie Kennedy, & Michael Hill will speak. For more information, contact Jeff Adams: (888) 339-8422.
Another Hedge School is tentatively planned for September or October in Waco.
Thanks to Wayne Ballard, head of the Waxahatchie chapter, for his role in getting the Texas Heritage Preservation Bills passed in the state legislature. The bills are awaiting Governor Rick Perry’s signature.
Salty Commentary
We were amused watching the History Channel recently. The program was about the amazing and irreplaceable compound, salt. Our first thought was the Bible verse about Christians being ‘salt and light,’ and so we were not sur-prised when the narrator finally worked his way through his commentary to Matthew 5:13: ‘Ye are the salt of the earth.’ He explained that ‘salt of the earth’ meant ‘the common man.’ Ah, but the Christian man once was the common man.
Diapering Dixie
Teaching Pigs to Jump Rope
contributed by Franklin Sanders Dogwood Mudhole, Tennessee
The old proverb says, ‘Never try to teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time, and it annoys the pig.’ I understand the meaning of this, but in defence of pigs I must point out Revelation 5:13. ‘And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, “Blessing and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb forever and ever.’” In that glorious setting of universal worship, who can doubt that even pigs will be given voice to sing most harmoniously?
Most people don’t know it, but pigs can dance. Quite well, as a matter of fact. Young piglets do it all the time, and larger pigs as their joy overcomes them. I have seen them before a coming storm, pirouetting on their back legs, throwing their heads up and down for excitement, ears flouncing.
But I had never seen a pig jump rope, at least, not until last Friday.
Exactly one week before, on the previous Friday night, our neighbour from down the ridge toward Still House Bottom came up to report that one of our pigs had stopped by his house. My son Justin and the neighbour chased the pig through the dark, ruining the fence around the garden, and finally gave up. This was one of those pigs from Princess’ first litter, weighing now about 280 pounds. One of his sisters just gave birth to nine new pig-
lets, but that’s a scandal we dont mention.
So I just gave up on him. If he was lost, he was lost. If he came back, he came back. I’ve been getting up extra early to drive my children, Mercy and Christian, to school, and I was about a mile from the top on the Ridge Road when what to my wondering eyes should appear but our pig. He stood thoughtfully at the side of the road, noble snout held high, sniffed the air, then ran across the road and promptly entangled himself in a pine deadfall. Covered with mud, he showed no signs of remorse or repentance.
I was in my wife Susan’s famous Volvo station wagon. There was no way I could get that pig to ride with me. Then I hit upon a stratagem. Perhaps the pig would remember grand feasting days of yore, and respond to my call. I rolled down the Volvo’s window, and began to call softly: ‘Soooooo-ee. Pig. Pig. Pig.’
He jerked up his head in recognition. Gently I nudged the Volvo down the road, calling all the time. For the next mile I nursed and teased him down the road. From time to time he would stop. If you’ve ever ridden in one of those Swedish coffins, you know you cant see anything right behind you, so I could only watch the pig’s shadow in my rear view mirror. I led him triumphantly through every intersection and past every distraction nearly to the driveway at the Top, at which point I remembered dogs.
We currently are enjoying a bumper crop of dogs, fifteen in fact. We still have three huge (80 pound) Great
Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriots. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
Hannah Caroline Cunningham 10 May 2001 2nd child of Bruce & Helen Cunningham 337 County Rd 2320 Decatur, Texas 76234
Virginia Elizabeth Densmore 12 May 2001 1st child of Dave & Lori Densmore 106 Hawthorne St Belvedere, South Carolina 29841
Emilie Kathleen Case 15 June 2001 3rd child of Rev & Mrs Eugene Case POBox 851 Woodville, Mississippi 39669
Pyrenees puppies left from Cleo’s last litter, and she just had eight more. (By the way, could any of y’all use a dog? Cheap?) Then there is her mate, Orion. And the Golden Retriever, Molly, who belongs to my daughter and son-in-law, Liberty and Johnny Ray Bain. And son Worth & Shawn’s yellow Lab who moved in with us when they moved to Nashville. And every dog
(continued on page 7)
SOUTHERN VOICES
Authentic Southern voices are hard to come by these days, so when they come to our attention, we like to share the news. Songs of the Southern Highlands, a music CD by the 12th Louisiana String Band, and Poems from Scorched Earth, a book of poetry by Dr James Kibler, are our latest discoveries.
If you've attended the Confederate Heritage Ball in Monroe, Louisiana, and danced to the 12th Louisiana’s music (or even if you haven’t), you’ll enjoy hearing them in your home or car. This 19-song collection showcases the groups roots and talents. If you like the famed Irish group, The Chieftains, you’ll almost certainly like Songs of the Southern Highlands, which reveals Scotland (and Ireland) as the major source of Southern music. You wont hear harps or pipes on this CD, but you probably wont miss them.
Probably the most evocative song on the CD is ’Scots Wha’ Hae/Confeder-ate Song’ with Frank Walsh’s lusty Scottish/Southem brogue and Belinda Massengale’s counterpoint harmony. If the stanzas of the Confederate Song dont stir your blood, you must be dead already! Charles Johnston sings the lead on the old Stephen Foster composition, ‘Hard Times,* and one doesn’t wonder if Charles has been through some hard times himself.
Other tunes include: ’Skye Boat Song,’ ‘Annie Laurie,’ ‘Loch Lomond,’ ‘Wild Mountain Thyme,’ and ‘Cotton Eyed Joe.* Even the liner notes, though a bit hard on middle-aged eyes, are interesting and informative.
The 12th Louisiana has done Robert Bums and Robert Lee proud!
Order the CD from the LS National Office. Make cheque/money order for $17.00 (postpaid) payable to the League of the South. Please allow 3-4 weeks for delivery.
Poems from Scorched Earth is a powerful poetic collection with the common theme of modem man as world ‘arsonist.’ Beginning with Sherman, the book traces the development of modem horrors from their source in the inhuman policies of the Lincoln administration. It is also an impressive collection of stories.
Dr Clyde Wilson wrote in the foreword: ‘The scholar and poet are different sorts of men, so it is thought, although both are necessary to a healthy culture. To find high accomplishments of both in the wielder of one pen—while not unknown in the long span of Western civilisation—is rare. James Everett Kibler is of that rare company.’
To order make cheques payable to Dr James Kibler for $25.00 postpaid at 211 Peters Creeks Road, Whitmire, SC 29178. Dr Kibler will autograph your book at no extra cost if you request it at time of order.
Poems from Scorched Earth was published by Charleston Press, owned and operated by League member & scholar. Dr David Aiken, PO Box 452, Charleston, South Carolina 29402. Inquire about Charleston Press’s other titles, including Dr Aiken’s own Charleston Literature, and the reissue of William Gilmore Simms’s Southern classic. The Golden Christmas.
Education & Recruitment Tools
If you’re looking for good League recruitment materials, or if you are furthering your own education, a wealth of good resources is available. A couple of noteworthy items follow.
First is Board Member, J. Steven Wilkins’s audiotaped address from last year’s annual conference in Pensacola, Florida. Entitled ‘The Revolutionary Mind,’ the tape tells how much many of us have unwittingly bought into revolutionary thinking and why we must correct this foundational error.
The Wilkins’audiotape and many more excellent ones are available for $6.00 postpaid from Apologia Book Shoppe, (601) 928-5218; web site: www.pointsouth.com/apologia/ southem.htm.
LSI Director, Dr Donald Livingston’s videotaped lecture on the 14th Amendment, filmed at an LSI Summer School in South Carolina, is good medicine for those who are sick of not being told the truth about Southern political and Constitutional issues.
The Livingston videotape, along with a long series of other excellent lessons from previous Summer Schools, is available at $23.00 postpaid from the LS national office, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404.
♦ ♦♦
May - June 2001
VOL. 8 • NO. 3
(continued from page 5)
that can open his eyes and walk will chase a pig, given the chance, in the direction just opposite to where you want him to go. Susan had just pulled up at the Top when the pig and I arrived, and was soon joined by Justin, Ellen, Wright, and Zachariah. From somewhere Princess our sow suddenly materialised, to make matters worse. At least she was on the correct side of the fence.
Let us not now drag this out. It was 8:00 a.m. By 9:30 a.m. things had not gone well, and all were sweating profusely, except the pig. We had finally coaxed the pig into the right pasture, the one next to the gate to Pig Hollow, and chased him over every inch of four and a half acres. We had thirty times herded him near the gate, without once successfully driving him through. He had bathed and swum and cavorted in
the pond. He had proven Justin knew absolutely nothing about lassoing. He was impervious to singing and tempting with food. What a pig.
About that time Justin came up with a bright idea. He handed Wright (20) the end of the 50 foot black nylon rope. They spread out on either side of the pig, and began swinging the rope up and down to herd him along. At the touch of the rope, the pig jumped. And Susan fell out laughing.
‘They're teaching that pig to jump rope!’ I have to admit, it did look like that.
By 10:00 the pig still couldn’t jump rope, and every attempt to hang him had failed. For once, I gave up. I had work to do.
A week later, the pig is still in the pasture. Every morning he is lying by the fence with his relatives on the other
side, waiting for somebody to feed them. A couple of days ago, however, I hit on the solution that will fix him. In the pasture under the trees are two pens where we used to keep pigs. Every day, I put down a handful of com in the pen, just enough to whet Pig’s appetite. I checked after the first day. All the com was gone. Every day, I will put down a few more kernels of com, and by and by Pig will get used to his morning handout. One day, while he’s munching on breakfast, I will sneak up and shut the gate behind his wandering carcass. It will be easy. Pigs, you see, have a welfare mentality.
Franklin Sanders writes <& publishes The Moneychanger monthly, and lives in Dogwood Mudhole, Tennessee .with his wife and six of their seven children and three grandchildren.
A Note to Our Readers
Don*t forget that the League now has the capability of accepting credit cards online for payment of dues. New members can join and current members can renew conveniently by logging onto Dixienet (www.dixienet. org) and following the online directions.
Members: To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the Southern Patriot, please note that the first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. !f your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a 'Final Issue’ stamp on it. Renew online (see above), or by mail at P.O. Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404. No application form is necessary to renew.
To Non-Members Receiving Introductory Copies of the Southern Patriot The League of the South invites you to join with us in our stated purpose: 'We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.' To continue receiving this newsletter beyond the expiration date listed on your address label, join us online (see above) or send a written statement that you support our purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404. ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP RATES: REGULAR: $40.00 for an individual; $60.00 for husband & wife; LEGION OF THE SOUTH: $125.00 continuing annual pledge (includes free LS 3rd National lapel pin); $200.00 for husband & wife (2 free pins); STUDENT: $20.00 (must send copy of school ID).
League Calendar
Details on the following events can be found in the ‘Around the League’ column, p. 4.
July
19th-21st, First Annual Georgia Summer School, Macon
23rd-28th, LSI Summer Institute, Abbeville, South Carolina
August
9th-11th, 2nd Annual Louisiana LSI Summer School in St Francisville
September 15th, Texas State Meeting, Waco October
11th-13th, 8th Annual League of the South National Conference, Jack-son, Mississippi.
Invitation letters to the National Conference recently went out to the League membership. The conference will be held at The Hilton Jack-son Hotel. Registration forms and details of the conference were included in the letter. Updates will be provided on DixieNet and in future issues of the Southern Patriot.
The conference will feature workshops, living history, Southern arts and crafts, music, vendors, and speakers. Plenty of free time will be built into the schedule so that members will have an opportunity to relax and talk with old friends and to meet new ones. Please make your plans now to be with us in October in Jackson. If you did not receive registration information, please call the national office at 800 888-3163.
A Note About Presidential Fund Pledges
New ‘Coupon Books,’ with which to transmit your Presidential Fund pledges to the Kershaw Foundation, are available by request. [(800) 888-SI 63] Also, some of the older pledge forms have obsolete information on how to make out your cheque and where to mail it. It should be made payable to the ‘Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation,’ for ’Presidential Salary Fund.’ This will distinguish your donation from a general donation to the LSI. If yours is not a brand new pledge, please mail it directly to the Kershaw Foundation at the Nashville address listed on your coupon.
New pledges (only) should be mailed to the national office. We then supply
your coupon book and forward your pledge to the Kershaw Foundation.
Conference & Ball
The Alabama Confederate Heritage Society will sponsor a conference and ball Saturday, 8 September, at the Montgomery Area Square Dance Association Center in Montgomery, Alabama. For more information, call (205) 392-5339.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $_____,	a	one-time	donation.
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $________, and I	pledge	$___
per (month/year).
Name__________________________________________
Address_____________________________________
City ______________________________ State___________Zip_________
Telephone (___________)	____________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, c/o The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35401. We will then send you a personalised ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping and will provide you with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.