"We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause. ”
Jefferson Davis
July - August 2003
VOL. 10 • NO. 4
the League of the South P. O. Box 760 Kii.len, AL 35645
-President’s message....
Dr Michael Hill Monroe, Louisiana
A New Direction for the League
The League of the South will take a new, more aggressive direction as outlined at the recent annual conference in Abbeville, South Carolina. Central to that direction will be our dedication to preserving and advancing the interests of a separate distinct people (ourselves) and the land on which we live. If we do nothing to save our identity and our territory, then independence will do us no good at all. In our first nine years of existence, the League has perhaps focused too much on abstract notions such as States Rights, secession, nullification, interposition, etc., and too little on the real flesh-and-blood issues of taking care of our people and their inheritance as Southerners. This does not mean that we will cease to advance these more abstract things, for they are potential realities; however, it means that independence (and all that accompanies it) will be a means to an end rather than an end in itself.
The liberal/neo-conservative idea that America (including Dixie) is a ‘Proposition Nation’ based on an unshakeable commitment to radical egalitarianism bodes ill for our future as Christian Southerners of European extraction. The meaning that now informs such terms as ‘multiculturalism,’ ‘diversity,’ and ‘tolerance’ should tell us clearly that we are the intended targets of continued reconstruction and ultimate dispossession. One of the greatest threats to our lives, liberties, and property is unchecked immigration (both legal and illegal). It is clear that neither the Republicans nor Democrats intend to stop this invasion; therefore, we must convince rank-and-file Southerners to do it for themselves. This will require street-level protests against immigration as well as economic pressure against big businesses that favor current immigration policies. If we are pushed off of our lands by Third World immigrants, with whom we have no cultural or ethnic connections, we will cease to exist as a people. Our descendants will live as a hated and persecuted minority in a land settled and civilised by their ancestors.
Another new emphasis within the League will be on ‘withdrawing our consent’ from the American Empire. It is unfortunate, in my opinion, that so much of the resources and energy within the Southern Movement is spent on ‘heritage’ defence in a narrow sense: defending the flag and other physical manifestations of our culture. While there is nothing inherently misguided about a sincere attempt to protect these symbols, we often miss the real issues. We in the League are not a heritage preservation group or an antiquarian society. Rather we are a Southern nationalist organisation that sees separation from the Empire and independence as the necessary prerequisites for preserving and advancing our whole way of life (including our symbols). Ifyou participate in ‘heritage preservation’ actions, find a way to make them consent-withdrawing exercises.
2
Southern Patriot
Withdrawing our consent means not validating every 4 years that fraudulent exercise known as Presidential elections. In other words, don’t vote on the national level; if you vote you automatically give your consent to the process and the outcome. Some Southerners may balk at this strategy, saying that withholding their vote from more ‘conservative’ Republicans will help elect more liberal Democrats. But I ask those folks: ‘What has the Party of Lincoln ever done for the South and Southerners?’ Remember, the GOP has actually done more than its counterpart to further both the civil rights revolution (the second Reconstruction) and the Empire. A pox on both their houses, as they say.
The withdrawal of our consent also involves the economic, social, educational, and cultural decisions we make. For instance, if you have a child in a government school, remove him immediately; the child is in grave danger. If you have a son (or daughter) in the imperial military, persuade them to leave as soon as it’s legally possible. Moreover, discourage every young man or woman you know from joining in the first place. Also, do not attend a church that has bought into the Empire’s propaganda. On 3 July 1 was driving past a local church here in north Alabama and noticed that several men and boys were decorating the grounds for the 4,h celebration. They had adorned the lawn with dozens of Yankee flags, and above the entrance was the obligatory ‘God Bless America’ banner. Looking back, 1 should have stopped and asked them one simple question: ‘Why should He?’ Remember, this was immediately after the US Supreme Court had handed down its decision striking down anti-sodomy laws in 13 States and after the U.S. ll,h Circuit Court of Appeals had ruled that Alabama
Chief Justice Roy Moore had to remove the Ten Commandments monument from the court building in Montgomery. In addition, I could have reminded these eager ‘patriots’ that their flag had flown for 30 years over the abortion mills that have murdered over forty million unborn children in the womb. ‘There are none so blind...’
As we withdraw our consent from the Empire’s corrupt and corrupting institutions, we must begin giving our consent to our own parallel institutions: schools, colleges, and universities; small pro-South businesses; Southern military academies and State Guard units; professional associations; charities and benevolence associations.
As the League moves in this new direction it will do so in the most aggressive, ‘in-your-face,’ manner possible. I firmly believe that we Southerners have been ‘nice’ for much too long. While we will remain honourable, we will not allow a misplaced sense of propriety to hamstring us. We will fight, and fight to win. While we ought not dwell too much in the past (as we have been prone to do), we should take a lesson from Bedford Forrest and other great Confederate and Southern men who fought their enemies by less than conventional methods. Like them, we are outnumbered on all fronts. Therefore, we must resort to the offensive in order to stand a chance of winning. The weaker side—which we surely are in terms of manpower, money, and other resources— must always be innovative and daring. And, God willing, that is what the League shall be from now until we reach our goal of Southern independence. May God be with us.
Michael Hill, President Killen, Alabama
Southern Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of The League of the South
P. O. BOX 760 KILLEN, AL 35645 (800) 888-3163 email: JMichHill@cs.com Webpage: www.dixienet.org
Editor: Nat Rudulph Submissions must be in Microsoft Word, WordPerfect, PDF, or text file and emailed to south2@juno.com. Mail typewritten submissions to P. O. BOX 2517 SELMA, AL 36702
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Jack Kershaw,, I J.D. Walter D. Kennedy Rev. J. Steven Wilkins Clyde Wilson, Ph.D.
Franklin Sanders R. Gordon Thornton
© 2003 All rights reserved. Publication herein does not necessarily imply agreement Permission to reprint is granted on the condition that such reprints fully credit the League of the South, with our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name.
Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation for cultural distinctiveness. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. Notice should be sent to P. 0. Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of vour Southern Patriot. dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label.
AROUND THE LEAGUE
A 29-31 August 2003, Labour Day Weekend, The Bodacious Hoedown (The League’s third annual 'Big Event Of The Year'.) AND the First Annual League of The South Southern Rock/Blues/Country Jam at The Top of The World Farm near Westpoint, Tennessee. MORE MUSICIANS ARE NEEDED! PLEASE CALL OR E-MAIL IF YOU’D LIKE TO JOIN IN THE FUN (1-800-888-3163 OR jmichhill@cs.com).
The Jam will be held in connection with the Hoedown. See pages 4-5 for more information on both events.
ALABAMA
The State Government and the Federal Government are face to face over the Ten Commandments monument in the Alabama Supreme Court building. Federal Judge Myron Thompson has oredered the monument removed and the League will have implemented its strategy by the time you read this.
GEORGIA
& Fourth Thursday of each month meetings will be held in Brunswick at Captain Joe’s on Hwy 17 at 6pm. For more info call 912-267-6172.
'Sc 23 August 2003, beginning at 10 am the Athens-Area Chapter’s Georgia League of the South/ Southern Party of Georgia Southern Cookout! ALL lovers of Southern culture are invited to the home of Russell And Trisha Davis in Between, Georgia. BBQ, hamburgers, hot dogs, fixin’s and desserts will be the fare! (We welcome covered dishes as well!) Featured speeches by Ray McBerry (State Chairman of the GA LS), Robert Watson (President of the Monroe County GA LS, Author of A Critique of Pure Education and Owner
of Smarr Publishers) and Clark Williams (Chaplain of the Athens-area GA LS)! Featured readings by Dixie Writers Guild member Dr James
K ibler and author of Our Fathers ’
Fields, Poems from Scorched Earth, Child to the Waters and the upcoming novel Walking Toward Home) and Douglas Hutcheson (President of the Athens-area GA LS, Fourth Vice Chairman of the SPGA, Author of A Different Country and owner of Altamaha Press)! Music, items for sale, and prize giveaways!
Directions from Atlanta: Take US 78 East through Loganville; go about 5 miles until you get to Between; turn right at the Between Grocery BP (New Hope Church Road); we’re down less than 1/4 mile on the right (2121). From 1-20: Take Hwy 138 North towards Monroe; follow signs to US 78 West; go about 5 miles until you get to Between; turn left at the Between Grocery BP (New Hope Church Road); we are about 1/4 Mile down on the right (2121). Please RSVP to leagueofthesouth@hotmail.com so we can have plenty of food ready for everyone! There is no charge for the event but we will thankfully accept donations.
27 September 2003, Saturday, 8:30 am-3:30 pm, the Bibb County Chapter Georgia LS Hedge School will take place at the Forsyth Square Restaurant and Inn, 22 West Main St., Forsyth, Georgia 31029. TOPIC: 14th Amendment. Instruction provided by Dr Donald Livingston, Emory University. If you register by 5 Sept. 2003 cost is $20 per person/$30 per couple/$10 per student. Registration after 5 Sept, is $25 per person/$35 per couple/$ 15 per student. Contact Ted Robinson, 310 Peachtree Blvd., Bonaire, GA 31005. 478.987.1700 freesouthem@hotmail.com
______________________ 3
MISSISSIPPI
A 1-4 October 2003 The League of the South Institute for the Study of Southern Culture and History ‘Forrest and Faulkner Seminar’ at the Courtyard by Marriott in Tupelo, Mississippi. The seminar will include classroom lectures by some of the south’s finest unreconstructed scholars and day trips to such historic venues as the Faulkner home in Oxford, Brice’s Crossroads and Tupelo Battlefields, and the Faulkner ancestral lands in Ripley.
Details of the lectures and trips will be forthcoming on www.dixienet.oig and on the LSI website, www.lsinstitute.org.
The seminar is limited to 25 students on a first come, first serve basis. Tuition is $300 per person or $500 per couple. Meals and lodging are not included. We have secured a block of rooms at the Courtyard by Marriott in Tupelo. For reservations, call (662) 841-9960. Be sure to say you’ll be attending the Institute for the Study of Southern Culture and History seminar to get the reduced rate (which is now being negotiated). Checks or money orders should be made payable to ‘the League of the South’ and mailed to the home office at P O Box 760, Killen, Alabama 35645.
For more information, call Dr Clyde Wilson at (803) 772-1145 or Dr Michael Hill at (800) 888-3163.
NORTH CAROLINA
& 18 October 2003, Saturday, 10am-4:40pm - Fall 2003 WBTS Symposium: Sponsored by: The Cape Fear Historical Institute The Cape Fear Chapter, NC League of the South.
July-August 2003
vol. 10 # no. 4
‘Origins of the War Between The States:	1776-1861	Folkways,
Economics and Territorial Expansion.’ at the New Hanover County Regional Library 1241 Military Cut Off Road Wilmington, NC. Directions: From the East, follow 1-40 to its eastern terminus and it becomes NCI32 South. Continue straight to the second light, turn left to follow NC74 East to Wrightsville Beach for about 4 miles. At Eastwood Road (McDonald’s on right comer) turn left and the library is 1/8 mile on your right. For more information, contact Mr Bernhard Thuersam at 910.763.9515 or Cape Fear Chapter NCLS, P. O. Box 328, Wilmington, NC 28402 shorelinedz@worldnet.att.net
TENNESSEE
ft 29-31 August 2003 (Labour Day Weekend) The Bodacious Hoedown (The League’s third annual Big Event Of The Year.) The place is BOG’s Top of the World Farm located between Lawrenceburg (‘Crossroads of Dixie’) and Waynesboro, Tennessee, the Confederacy’s geographic center near The Natchez Trace. Free primitive camping, agrarian demonstrations, hands-on agrarian experiences, wagon rides, skillet throwing contest, ugly rooster contest, good eats, lots of music, friendly folks, like minds and much, much more. Write or call for all the area attractions in and around Lawrenceburg. Vendors welcome! Call for a map to the farm and more information I -888-218-9226 TEXAS
ft First Thursday of each month at 6:30pm Austin Chapter Meeting at the Yarborough branch of the Austin Public Library, 2200 Hancock Dr. Contact alpheus_hall@juno.com
Report on the 2003 LS Annual Conference
The League of the South held its 10th annual national conference on 10-12 July in Abbeville, South Carolina. Entitled 'Celebrating the South,' the conference began with the third annual Circle of Saint Andrews’ banquet on Thursday evening at the Village Grill. The banquet is a small token of appreciation for those who have contributed $600 or more in the past year to Dr Michael Hill’s salary fund. This year 21 donors attended. The incomparable Alex Cheek served as MC, and the guests heard a short speech by Dr Hill thanking them for their kindness and generosity to him and his family and their support for his leadership.
Friday evening witnessed the first ever League Musical Showcase at the Abbeville Civic Center. The event lasted from 7 to 10, and was attended by some 200 folks, several dozen of whom were locals. The talent level was superb. SC League Director Robert Hayes hosted the evening, and singer-songwriter Robert Lloyd of Florida capped things off with several spine-tingling renditions, including one written especially for the occasion.
The final day of the conference, Saturday the 12'h, six excellent speakers joined in the common theme of 'withdrawing our consent from the American Empire' (audiotapes of the speeches are available from Apologia Services at www.dixienet.org). Robert Salyer, Dr James E. Kibler, R. Gordon (Rob) Thornton, Bob Watson, Franklin Sanders, and Dr Michael Hill all presented hard-hitting and timely talks aimed at moving the League in a much more active and aggressive
4
direction. All members ought to purchase and distribute the tapes from this important conference, a turning point for the entire organisation.
Another highlight of the day was the presentation of League Awards for 2003. Former LS of Georgia State Chairman Jim Arp (1997-2003) received this year’s 'Stonewall Jackson State Chairman Award' for his long and successful tenure in Georgia. Under Jim, the Georgia League became one of the most active and effective chapters in our organization. Several 'Robert E. Lee Duty Awards' were also handed out for 2003: Greg Hanson (Minnesota), Dennis Crocker (South Carolina), Bill Ingram, Jim Schoolfield, Jack Cowart, and James Garner (Georgia), Patricia Godwin (Alabama), Tim Wyatt and Bernie Thuersam (North Carolina), and Robert Smith (Texas). Alex Cheek handled the MC duties flawlessly.
The 2004 annual League conference is planned for October in Montgomery. In conjunction with that meeting, the League will host the convening of the long-awaited Southern National Congress. For more details, watch for postings on www.dixienet.org.
NOTICE
The National League Office received a Money Order in April for a Southern Patriot membership or renewal with no name or identification. If you have sent in your renewal and have not received notice, please call 800-888-3163.
The First Annual League of The South Southern Rock/ Blues/Country Jam
The Jam will begin at 4:00 pm on Friday, 29 August at The Top of The World Farm near Westpoint, Tennessee. The first session will be devoted to Country/Bluegrass/Old Time Music, and will be led by Larry Smith of Panama City, Florida (of Basic Gray fame). A few of the songs on the playlist include *lf Drinkin’ Don’t Kill Me,’ ‘You Win Again,’ ‘Mama Tried,’ ‘Fishin’ Blues,’ ‘Old Habits,’ ‘Barmaid in the Honky Tonk Downstairs,’ ‘Hey Good Lookin’,’ ‘If That Ain’t Country,’ and ‘Today I Started Loving You Again.’
The second session will be Southern Rock, beginning at 6:00 p.m. This session will be co-led by Johnny Ray Bain (a fabulous rock and blues singer) and Michael Hill. Included on the playlist are ‘Midnight Rider,’ ‘Everytime I Roll The Dice,’ ‘Apolitical Blues,’ ‘Dixie Chicken,’ ‘Gimme Three Steps,’ ‘T For Texas,’ ‘Can’t You See,’ ‘One Way Out,’ ‘In Memory of Elizabeth Reed,’ ‘Whipping Post’ (long version), ‘You Don’t Love Me’ (even longer version), and ‘Curtis Lowe,’ among others.
Session number three is devoted to blues (mostly electric and some acoustic) and will be led by Johnny Ray Bain and Michael Hill again. This session begins at 8:00 p.m. and the playlist includes ‘How Blue Can You Get,’ ‘Sweet Little Angel,’ ‘Standin’ Round Cryin’,’ ‘Bartender Blues,’ ‘Dimples,’ ‘Loan Me A Dime,’ ‘Don’t Want You No More/lt’s Not My Cross to Bear,’ and ‘HoochieCoochie Man.’
The fourth session will be a ‘Free For All,’ beginning at 10:00. This session will be led by Michael Hill and there ain’t no tellin’ what’s gonna happen here. It could be pretty interesting.
If we’re not too worn out and the guests demand it, there will be a reprise of the jam on Saturday afternoon, the 30th.
At present, we have a drummer (still need another), a piano/organ player, two bass players, a couple of good singers, a banjo and mandolin player, a blues harp player, and several guitarists (they are easiest to find, the proverbial ‘dime a dozen’ sort). BUT WE NEED MORE MUSICIANS! CALL OR E-MAIL IF YOU’D LIKE
TO JOIN IN THE FUN (1-800-888-3163 orjmichhill@cs.com).
We have a P.A. system but could use a back up. One drum set will be provided but we could use another one. Also everyone will need to bring their own equipment (including amps and mics and stands). We will provide a good 10x16 stage under cover of a large tent as well as cool drinks and sweat rags (it’ll be hot still). Also, we are planning to contract with an audio and video producer and will, God willing, produce a CD and perhaps videotape or DVD of the jam.
Maps to the location will be provided for all participants. Come and kiss summer goodbye the Southern way!
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH / LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN: SAVE MONEY & MAKE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE
LDA provides long distance for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with A LONG DISTANCE SERVICE THAT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANTI-SOUTHERN CAUSES. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK. In addition, each month LDA will donate from 5% to 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost.
+ Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIG!
I Dial 1 long distance service; easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
I Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
I Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
+ Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South.
HELP THE CAUSE I consider switching your Long Distance carrier to LDA. LDA has provided over $7,000 to the League of the South since the inception of this program in October 1997.
Call David Williams 800.535.0757
VERBAL
INDEPENDENCE
-LESSON TEN-
Particularities & Regional Flavours of the Southron Language
by James Everett Kibler
According to a native Houstonian, no native of that city would ever refer to Houston as ‘Hew-ston.’ All natives of the city call it ‘Yew-ston’ and nothing else. There is also a little town just north of ‘Yew-ston’ name ‘Humble’ and everyone from there calls it ‘Umble’... the ‘H* being silent once again. He reports that his grandparents also used silent ‘h’s’ when referring to these two places and both of them were bom and raised in Louisiana.
The way I became aware of my own h-less pronunciations was to be stopped cold in my tracks during a rather serious discussion, by a peremptory interruption in order to correct me for omitting the ‘H’ in ‘Humble’. This came from a know-it-all daughter of a high-ranking military father who moved about a lot. She was bom on a military base in Georgia, lived in the North, but now calls herself a South Carolinian. Her correction took me by surprise, for the following three reasons: (1)1 was not even aware 1 was pronouncing ‘Umble’ ‘Umble’; (2) the tone of voice of the interruption was so brazenly rude; and (3) the comment had nothing to do with the subject being discussed and wrenched it off course. But such is the way and manner of the homogenising police. I’m sure 1 stood there with mouth agape.
Nat Rudulph (in central Alabama) reports that he was taught at home to pronounce it ‘Umble’. And at home that word which describes the part of your head above your eyebrows was ‘Forrid’ (rhymes with ‘horrid’). He then encountered a new word at school for that part of the body: ‘four-head.’ He said it was only later that he realised his parents were pronouncing the same word with a different emphasis and h-less.
In Texas folks say ‘puh-kahn’. Some folks say that only Yankee transplants call it ‘pee-can’. It is a sure thing that the ‘pee-can’ pronunciation never made it west of the Mississippi in Dixie. William Cawthon reports that everyone in the Eufaula, Alabama area has always said, ‘puh-kahn’ - both old and young alike.
Another such plant pronunciation that gets varying pronunciations is ‘Camellia’. In Upcountry South Carolina, we have always said, ‘Ca-meal-ya’, and have always held a ‘Ca-mell-ya’ to be an affectation. However, in Charleston, down the country from us, ‘Ca-mell-ya’ is the standard, and the other pronunciation is held to be decidedly an indication of foreigness. There is even the little rhyme:
In Charleston,
I was a social failure (fail-ya)
Because I said ‘Ca-meal-ya’
Instead of‘Ca-mell-ya’.
In Charleston, the pronunciation, if we are to trust the couplet, is thus also a matter of one’s social class.
These differing pronunciations have impressed upon us the necessity to account for specific indigenous local Southern usages. In working toward a Southern language, and a Southern dictionary, we must resist the temptation to standardise too rigidly
Diapering Dixie
Please send a ‘Diapering Dollar’ to the parents of the following newly arrived Southern patriot. This is our small way of supporting like-minded families as they grow.
Preston Brooks Case 1 July 2003 Son of Eugene and Rachel Case P O Box 851 Woodville, Mississippi 39669
Preston weighed in at Seven pounds, 7.2 ounces and 21 inches long. His father says, ‘Rejoice with us in the arrival of this new covenant child. "Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord: and the fruit of the womb is His reward." -Psalm 127:3’
MEMBERS: Be sure to send in all birth announcements to Southern Patriot for this feature.
when there are legitimate local differences. It is important for us to listen to the oldest speakers of these areas... those bom to the place ... and particularly in the most traditional.. that is, the most rural areas, in order to ascertain the standard of local pronunciations that vary from Southern place to Southern place. It would be helpful if, when we note these pronunciations, we would write them down and put them on record. Hopefully, soon, we will have a group of interested members whose avocation will be the Southern language project.
League of the South Press Release
The Eleventh US Circuit Court of Appeals9 Ten Commandments Decision
The League of the South, the premier Southern nationalist organization, calls upon the good Christian citizens of the sovereign State of Alabama to stand fast behind Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore and against the ruling by the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals’ ruling that the Ten Commandments monument must be removed from the Alabama Supreme Court building.
“The U.S. Supreme Court’s recent ruling striking down State sodomy laws, when combined with the Ten Commandments ruling, means that the ruling elite in America hate the law of God,” said League President Dr. Michael Hill. “You can go with Baal or you can go with God. There is no middle ground. The League of the South stands firmly and unswervingly by the law of God.”
The League also believes that this is a States Rights issue. The citizens of Alabama have every right, the federal courts notwithstanding, to decide this issue for themselves. Therefore, the League urges Alabamians to come to the defense of their God-given right to rule themselves as a Christian people and to rally around a godly leader such as Judge Moore.
Hill further noted: “If the federal circuit court’s decision to remove the Ten Commandments monument
stands, then we hope the citizens of Alabama will come by the tens of thousands to Montgomery and stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Judge Moore to defend the primacy of God’s law against the God-haters.” Hill continued: “In the face of such immoral federal action, the League believes that the independence of the Southern States will best serve to protect our Christian civilization and our rights as free men and women.”
A New League Book Offer
Child to the Waters &
Myths of American Slavery
PELICAN PUBLISHERS & The LEAGUE of THE SOUTH
James Kibler's new book Child to the Waters, reviewed in the last SOUTHERN PATRIOT and SOUTHERN EVENTS, is now available from Pelican with the same great deal as. Donnie Kennedy’s blockbuster new book Myths of American Slavery. Call Pelican at 1 -800-843-1724 to order Child to the Waters, Myths of American Slavery or The South Was Right! or John Remington Graham's A Constitutional History of Secession.
The League will receive 40% of the sale price of any of these books. Be sure to give them the League's reference code: '2LOS' to insure that we receive our 40%. Thanks!
__________________ 7
Lincolnian Judicial Tyranny
by Thomas J. DiLorenzo
‘The War between the States established ... this principle, that the federal government is, through its courts, the final judge of its own powers.’ ~ Woodrow Wilson, Constitutional Government in the United States, p. 178
It’s high time for conservatives who belly ache and complain about federal judicial tyranny to confront the fact so clearly stated in 1908 by Woodrow Wilson: It was the War between the States that (Continued on page 9)
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH EMPLOYMENT FUND
The League needs a full-time, professional staff. Your generous donation can make it happen. The goals are to hire and support
(1)	a national field director,
(2)	a public relations director,
(3)	a part-time secretary for the national office,
(4)	a paid editor for this newsletter and for a League journal.
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for The Employment Fund. Please consider a continuing monthly pledge.
Mail to: League of the South, P O Box 760, Killen, AL 35645
Donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
July-August 2003
vol. 10 • no. 4
To Jefferson Davis Upon His Birthday: June 3,2003
for Jim Kibler and Clyde Wilson by Randall Ivey
I
They have always come after you.
Trying to dismantle you from whatever Pedestal you might be placed upon.
In your own day there were the stories Of temporary transvestism, gutless flight From danger, mental illness, incompetence.
(And not from the Enemy only came these -But from the mouths of your own victory-starved People, who loved then hated you, loved then hated.)
Now, of course, in this barren age for heroes,
You have attained an even greater infamy,
A stain which cannot be washed out by time Or blood or the testimony of those who knew you best. You have become emblematic of those atrocities Actually foreign to your thinking and habit:
Hatred of fellow man, subjugation of fellow man And sins invented since you
took your last breath among us And left for the Elysian Fields.
I ' 1
Look to Richmond!
Look to Birmingham!
Look to New Orleans,
Columbia, Atlanta, Nashville.
The statues are coming down.
The portraits are coming down.
The flags are coming down.
Replaced with whatever pitiful ephemera They think may blot out record of your faith.
What are they afraid of.
These guardians of the New Propriety?
A man’s devotion to his place?
A man’s devotion to his duty?
A man’s refusal to turn his coat For the coin and the clap on the back?
Yours is a heart and mind strange to them.
And what they cannot understand, they must stain.
Desecrate, slander, revise, bury, ignore, kill.
Oh that some opportunistic intern Lurked in your path with a stained dress.
Some slave-woman mother to your children. Some ‘smoking gun’ pointed at the great flaw In your character, ready to fire off any moment! Then The Pack could really fall upon you and do you in.
But no such things exist, of course: there is only The testament you left of the rise and fall of that You loved best only after God and Varina.
V m
If there is consolation for you, it is that Your name joins those of the other apostates From Current Fashion and Respectability: Washington and Jefferson, Randolph and Henry, Lee and Jackson, Forrest and Stuart and Hampton, Calhoun and Simms and Timrod and Tillman.
Among them now, foremost, forever inscribed:
Jefferson Davis
NOTE: ALL CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE MARY NOEL KERSHAW FOUNDATION, WHETHER MADE TO THE PRESIDENTIAL FUND OR OTHERWISE, SHOULD BE MAILED TO: THE MARY NOEL KERSHAW FOUNDATION, P O BOX 760, KILLEN, ALABAMA 35645. PLEASE DO NOT SEND CONTRIBUTIONS ANY LONGER TO THE NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE ADDRESS.
LINCOLNIAN JUDICIAL TYRANNY (Continued from page 7)
that established arbitrary federal judicial tyranny over the American people. The recent Supreme Court opinion that sanctifies racial discrimination against whites in higher education is merely the latest example of this 140-year tradition.
Lincoln’s war overturned the Jeffersonian states’ rights tradition in America, an important element of which was citizen opposition to any federal monopoly of constitutional interpretation. As Jefferson himself wrote in his famous 1798 Kentucky Resolution (See F. Drake and L. Nelson, eds.. States ’ Rights and American Federalism, p. 81):
The government created by this compact [i.e., the Constitution] was not made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers delegated to itself, since that would have made its discretion, and not the Constitution, the measure of its powers; but that as in all other cases of compact among parties having no common judge, each party has an equal right to judge for itself, as well of infractions as of the mode and measure of redress (emphasis added).
If the federal government were ever to become the sole judge of the limits of its own powers through its own courts, Jefferson warned, then there would eventually be no limits to those powers and the Constitution would effectively become a dead letter.
In the Virginia Resolve of 1798, US Senator John Taylor echoed Jefferson’s states’ rights judicial philosophy. The powers of the federal government, wrote Taylor, are ‘limited by the plain sense and intention’ of the Constitution, and are ‘no further valid than they are authorized by the grants
enumerated in that compact.’ Moreover, whenever there is a ‘dangerous exercise of other powers, not granted by the said compact, the States ... have the right, and are duty bound, to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil...’
The Jeffersonians urged the citizens of all states to nullify any and all federal laws that violated the Constitution. The importance of such nullification or interposition was clearly explained by St. George Tucker in his book, View of the Constitution of the United States. Tucker was the stepfather of John Randolph, the author of a 1796 plan for the abolition of slavery in Virginia, and a professor of law at the College of William and Mary. His book was an attempt to apply William Blackstone’s Commentaries on the
Laws of England to the American political system.
Tucker believed that any confederacy such as the United States would become a despotism if the people did not retain sovereignty over their agent, the federal government, as citizens of the respective states. He concurred with Jefferson and Taylor that if the federal government were to enact unconstitutional laws, ‘every such act is an act of usurpation in the government, and, as such, treason against the sovereignty of the people’ (p. 32). This meant opposing the federal judiciary with nullification whenever it overstepped its constitutional bounds.
In his classic, Tyranny Unmasked, John Taylor continued this theme by mocking the idea that the founders would have trusted ‘five or six men’
LEAGUE of The SOUTH INSTITUTE PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
(clip & mail)
Here's my part to help Dr Michael Hill continue as full time League of
the South President. Enclosed is (cheque/money order) $_,
one-time donation, or I pledge $_______per	(month/year).
___YES, I want to join THE CIRCLE OF SAINT ANDREW, so I
am pledging a total of $600.00 per year or more.
Namffljplfe.-; ■ ' -.___
AdHresMBrar'-.v* ._____________________________________
City___________________State____________Zip____________
Telephone (_________________________
Make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the Presidential Salary Fund. Mail with this form to the MNK Foundation, c/o League of the South, PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. You will receive a personalized ‘coupon book’ to simplify your monthly record-keeping along with the Kershaw Foundation’s address for subsequent donations. All donations to the
MNK Foundation are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by taw.
__________________________________________________________1
July-August 2003
vol. 10 » no. 4
of the Supreme Court to be the sole guardians of constitutional liberty. ‘Being an essential principle for preserving ,. . liberty [the founders] never could have designed to destroy it, by investing five or six men, installed for life, with a power of regulating the constitutional rights of all political departments’ (p. 198). He recognised that state governments could be corrupt, of course, but it was ‘inconceivable’ to him that they could be as corrupt as kings, presidents, senates, or federal judges, all of whom hold a degree of centralised power that is largely detached from public scrutiny and control.
Another great Jeffersonian political theorist, John C. Calhoun, understood that a paper constitution would never be sufficient protection against the political plundering of one (taxpaying) class by another (tax-consuming) class. Over time, the majority would ‘endeavour to elude’ any constitutional restraints on federal powers by ignoring the arguments of the strict constructionists. Appeals to reason, truth, justice, or the obligations imposed by the Constitution would be sneered at as ‘folly’ with the end result being ‘a subversion of the Constitution’ (R.M. Lence, Union and Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun, p. 27). This of course is exactly what has happened with increasing frequency ever since 1865.
Andrew Jackson also embraced the Jeffersonian legal philosophy in his response to the Supreme Court’s opinion in McCulloch vs. Maryland that the Second Bank of the United States was constitutional. ‘To this conclusion I cannot assent,’ Jackson declared. Congress and the president must each weigh in, and
Must each for itself be guided by
its own opinion of the Constitution.
It is as much the duty of the House
of Representatives, of the Senate,
and of the President to decide upon the constitutionality of any bill... The opinion of the [Supreme Court] judges has no more authority over Congress than the opinion of Congress has over the judges . . . (Robert Remini, Andrew Jackson and the Bank War, p. 82).
From 1789 until 1865 the citizens of all states. North and South, made periodic use of the principles of nullification, interposition, and even the threat of secession, to protect themselves from federal judicial tyranny (and federal tyranny in general). They invoked the Jeffersonian judicial philosophy to oppose protectionist tariffs, military conscription, the War of 1812, the Fugitive Slave Act, the Bank of the United States, trade embargos, and other unconstitutional usurpations (See James J. Kilpatrick, The Sovereign States: Notes of a Citizen of Virginia).
Lincoln’s war ended citizen opposition to federal judicial tyranny. As Forrest McDonald wrote in States' Rights and the Union (p. 224), one consequence of Lincoln’s war was that
[T]he [Supreme] court was the sole and final arbiter of constitutional controversies. No longer could a Jefferson arise to insist that the other branches of the federal government had coequal authority to determine constitutionality. No more could a Calhoun arise to defend a doctrine of interposition or nullification.
Jefferson, Tucker, Taylor and Calhoun would not be at all surprised to learn that the consequence of this has been rampant federal judicial tyranny of the sort on display this week with the Supreme Court’s affirmative action opinion.
Indeed, generations of leftists have celebrated the fact that Lincoln did more than anyone to destroy
____________________________IO
constitutional limitations on federal power. In Constitutional Problems Under Lincoln the ‘progressive’ historian James Randall wrote approvingly of the fact that Lincoln’s trashing of the Constitution in the North during the war created precedents for ‘a living constitution’ that, with creative interpretations by the federal judiciary, could become ‘a vehicle of life.’ He criticized ‘excessive reliance’ on the ideas of‘a by-gone generation,’ i.e., the founding fathers.
More recently, ‘liberal’ Columbia University law professor George P. Fletcher applauded Lincoln’s ‘casual attitude toward formal constitutional institutions, such as the writ of habeas corpus’ in his book. Our Secret Constitution. Federal judges merely need to claim to believe in ‘a higher law’ than the Constitution to ‘allow themselves to sidestep the rules’ that are set forth in the Constitution. This is what Sandra Day O’Connor did in writing the majority opinion in the recent affirmative action case. She declared racial diversity (but no other kind) in higher education to effectively be a ‘higher law’ than the Constitution itself. She claimed that a mixing of skin colours on college campuses was a ‘compelling state interest' that should trump the Constitution. She also invoked the ‘one nation, indivisible’ line from the Pledge of Allegiance to bolster her ‘argument.’ How appropriate, and par for the course, for her to ignore the Constitution while quoting a late nineteenth century socialist's ode to centralised government power instead. ‘One nation, indivisible,’ has come to mean complete subservience to federal judicial tyranny on the part of the American people. St. George Tucker (p. 112) described this ‘doctrine of non-resistance against arbitrary power and oppression’ as ‘absurd, slavish, and destructive to the good and happiness of mankind.’
II
Southern Patriot____________________
Morris Disease:
New Music by Larry Smith
Larry Smith of Basic Gray first sang this at the Alabama League conference this year, and since then he's had many requests for the words. This one is not yet recorded, but he does have two other CDs you will enjoy. For the Past, the Future, the Truth, fourteen original songs by him and Nat Rudulph (The other half of the group Basic Gray) and reviewed in the Southern Patriot by Michael Hill. Politically Incorrect is Larry’s solo work prior to discovering the League. Either CD is available for a donation of only $17.00 (including shipping) from the League office: PO Box 760, Killen, AL 35645. (See the order form inside the front cover)
Morris Disease
by Larry Smith © 2003
Down in the heart of Dixie, 1971 After the marching was over and the danger was done Come a junk-mail genius with his eyes on the prize A civil rights cash-cow he could parasitize He’d skim a hundred million just as slick as you please One hell of a huckster name of Morris Disease
He sends letters to lefties that fill them with dread Says the Ku Klux Klan is hiding under the bed The Boy Scouts is a hate group so’s the SCV And the United Daughters of the Confederacy Mo’s the man to stop ‘em everybody agrees So don’t fret send a check to Morris Disease.
He gets money from movie stars, they pay him to lie Like the million dollar contracts with the FBI He’s got black grannies
giving up their funeral stash Miami retirees send their soda can cash Nobody’s better putting on the squeeze What a ham superman Morris Disease
Well the TV reporters are his biggest fans Bunch of Pavlov dogs
he’s got ‘em licking his hand He sends ‘em scary stuff to titillate the viewer They couldn’t care less, it’s all horse manure Tonight we’ll get to see him on all our TVs Some more free publicity for Morris Disease
His Southern Poverty Palace
says he built for the Negro Two million dollar fountain that he built for his ego He’s a hobbing and a nobbing with the liberal elite They get groupies too you know, ain’t life sweet He’s a crooked crusader;
we should fall to our knees Show respect, genuflect to Morris Disease
When it’s time to relax he likes those kinky games He’s very creative, puts Bill Clinton to shame So what if he wants to keep his wife and his mistress He’s a civil rights icon so it’s nobodys business He’s the prince of perversion, the Sultan of sleaze It’s how the Honky got the handle of Morris Disease
Well he’s got a new shill name of Mark Potok He’s the new jive slinger Morris done got too hot The Harpers boys are on to him they say he’s a fake His best friend Farmer says he’s on the take He got taken to court by the EEOC ‘Cause he wouldn’t let no brothers be an employee
Well you got your Jesse Jackson MLKs replacer The reverend Al Sharpton racial ambulance chaser Kweezie Mfume keeping hate alive Johnnie Conyers rapping reparations jive But the king of the cons, got the real expertise Is lily white, sodomite Morris Disease
July-August 2003
vol. 10 # no. 4
Jy Located between Lawrenceburg (“Crossroads of Dixie”) and Waynesboro, Tennessee, the Confederacy’s geographic center near The Natchez Trace.
Third Annual Big Event Of The Year”
^Labour Day Weekend August 29th, 30th and 31st. ^
The place is BOG’s Top of the World Farm
The League of the South’s
Free primitive camping, agrarian demonstrations, hands-on agrarian experiences, wagon rides, skillet throwing contest, ugly rooster contest, good eats, lots of music, friendly folks, like minds and much, much more.
ALSO!! As Detailed on Page 5, The First Annual League of the South Southern Rock/Blues/Country Jam will take place Friday evening, 29 August in connection with the HOEDOWN. If you are interested in participating in the Jam, contact Michael Hill at JMichHill@cs.com. Be sure to let us know what instruments you'll be playing (and bringing) and any particular songs you'd like on the play list.
Write or call for area attractions in and around Lawrenceburg. Vendors welcome! Call for a map to the farm and more information 888.218.9226
SOUTHERN EVENTS ■ A Journal of Excellence - All Original Essays $16.00 per year to SE, P 0 Box 2517, Selma, AL 36701 check our website www.southemevents.org
Kiss Summer Good-bye the Southern Way-