"W? invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause "
Jefferson Davis
R
resident’s message.
• • •
Dr. Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama
AGENDA FOR 1996
In the last issue of the Southern Patriot, I noted the recent publicity garnered by The Southern League. Since then, we have been the subject of a syndicated column by George Will that appeared in late December which brought in an overwhelming response from all across the country. January and February promise to be fertile recruiting months for us.
The Southern League is in the process of forming a Cultural and Educational Institute. The Institute will be partially funded by the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation, established through the generosity of board member, Mr Jack Kershaw. We have located possibly suitable property for the Institute in rural South Carolina—an ante-bellum Greek Revival plantation house (once owned by a Confederate soldier who’s buried on the grounds) on ten acres. This historic site would house the SL Institute and the national office of The Southern League, and would be an ideal venue for seminars, meetings, and other cultural and educational activities.
The Southern League Foundation is off to a great start Our Finance Chairman, Mr David Rockett, reports that since the publication of the Nov-Dec issue of the newsletter, the Foundation has taken in donations totalling more than $2,600, with monthly and quarterly pledges over several hundred dollars. Please see Mr Rockett’s letter enclosed.
The existence of these two entities—The Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and The Southern League Foundation—should allow the League to further establish itself as the primary Southern nationalist organisation.
The first annual Southern League Summer School is scheduled for 30 June-5 July 1996 at the Kinard Conference Center near Batesburg-Leesville, South Carolina—about 25 miles southwest of Columbia off 1-20. The League views this as a crucial step toward reversing the anti-Southem bias in higher education. Space limits us to forty college graduate or undergraduate students. The cost for air-conditioned cottage lodging and board (three meals per day) is $180 ($30.00 per day for six days). T\iition cost is only $75 for a week of stimulating, provocative, and thoroughly unreconstructed classes on Southern history, literature, political philosophy, theology, and art Students will hear lectures from scheduled speakers Dr Clyde N. Wilson, Dr Thomas Fleming, Dr Grady McWhiney, Dr James E. Kibler, Dr Marshall DeRosa, Rev. J. Steven Wilkins, Dr Donald Livingston, Mr Jack Kershaw and others. The 300-acre retreat offers hiking, fishing, swimming, canoeing on the Edisto River, and many other outdoor activities. TUition and room and board fees ($255 total) should be sent by check or money order to the SL national office in Tuscaloosa by 1 June 1996. Tuition is fully refundable in the event of cancellation. Room
January - February 1996 VOL. 3 • NO. 1
THE SOUTHERN LEAGUE Post Office Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
ern ±atnot
and board is 50% refundable if cancellation is received by 30 April 1996, but non-refiindable if cancellation is received after that date. Further details will be published ifa the next issue of the newsletter.
If you know a student who might be interested in attending the SL Summer School, please pass along to him this information. Or if you are able to distribute flyers and brochures on your campus or in your church or community, please let us know.
The Southern League will hold its third annual conference on 6-8 June 1996 in Montgomery, Alabama. We will be meeting at the Embassy Suites Hotel, 300 Tallapoosa Street, in the heart of the first capital of the Confederacy. For reservations, call 1-800-EMBASSY or (334) 269-5055 before 7 May 1996. Conference registration is $40 per person or $70 per couple or family for
South
crn Patriot
Bi-monthly newsletter of the Southern League
Editor: Sara Hill P.O. Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
tel. (205) 553-0155 fax. (205) 553-2155 e-mail: 7ti07l.326^£compuserve.com webpage: http://www. dixienet.org/
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill
BOARD OF DIRECTORS;
Thomas Fleming James R. Kennedy Jack Kershaw Grady McWhiney J. Steven Wilkins Clyde N. Wilson
members and $75 per person for non-members. Registration is due in the national office by 15 May 1996. The program and calendar of special activities along with a listing of less expensive hotels and motels in the conference area will be announced in the March-April issue of the Southern Patriot. Please make your plans to attend what promises to be a lively and controversial weekend (the Establishment media will see to that) in the Heart of Dixie.
The Southern League agenda for 1996 would benefit greatly from your generosity. If you wish to make a tax-deductible donation to help with the purchase and restoration of the antebellum house and acreage (estimated cost $100,000), please send your check, earmarked for the SLI Property Fund, to The Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation, c/o Mr Jack Kershaw, 3616 Doge Place, Nashville, TN 37204, or call Mr Kershaw at (615) 292-2316.
If you would like to make a tax-deductible donation to the Summer School Scholarship fund, please mail your check to The Southern League Foundation, c/o Mr David Rockett, Finance Committee Chairman, PO Box 2628, Monroe, LA 71207.
On 11 January ABC television aired an episode of “The Commish,” which linked the neo-Nazi movement in the U.S. to the Confederate battleflag. Southern League members should make their displeasure known to their local ABC affiliate stations and to the sponsors of this anti-South trash. These include: Gold Master Card, Ace
1
Hardware, Edge shaving cream, McDonald’s Restaurants, Old El Paso Foods, Hardee’s Restaurants, The American Dairy Farmers, Sprint Long Distance, and Kellogg’s cereals. The only thing that motivates these people is the “bottom line,” so let’s hit them where it hurts.
A word of encouragement is due those of you whose only contact with the League is through this bi-monthly newsletter. If you live in a state where there is no chapter but would be interested in taking the initiative in forming one, please write or call the national office. One possible solution is to form regional chapters comprised of three or four adjacent states, similar to our Northwest Regional Chapter that includes Montana, Idaho, Washington, and Oregon and headed by Mr James Van Denburg of Big Fork, Montana.
Thus far we have had good response from folks renewing their League memberships; however, over 100 members have yet to renew. If the oiganisation is to succeed in its goal of advancing the “cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people,” then we need every single one of you. If you have not responded to a letter asking for renewal of your membership, please consider doing so today.
Dr. Hill is an historian and author.
E
atmot
From our members...
MORE THAN Y’ALL:
THE NEW SOUTHERN LANGUAGE
contributed by James E. Kibler, Jr. Whitmire, South Carolina
When in the early 1800s Norway for the first time achieved a three-year period of de facto independence culminating in a few months' actual autonomy declared by an assembly of Separatists—it did not even speak its own language. Instead, it spoke Danish, the language of its former rulers. Today, Norway recognises Norwegian as an official tongue. What is so remarkable about this change is that when this fleeting independence was achieved in 1814, there was no Norwegian language, or even so much as a sense that there ever might be. Danish was the language of the press, pulpit, government, and school. All educated Norwegians throughout Norway spoke Danish.Only the Norwegian nationalist poet Henrik Wegeland, who sorrowed over his having to write his nationalist lyrics in Danish, had suggested the idea that Danish ought somehow to be Norwegianised. This was in 1834.
The language movement began rather quietly enough, when two college students in the 1830s, without fanfare or government grants, went about the countryside and started listening. Fancy that! Listening to people without degrees! In isolated pockets and on remote farms and in the smallest villages, Norwegians still spoke widely varying dialects that were
indigenous to their rooted, particular places. These two students collected the vocabulary they heard and published the folktales they gathered in words that incorporated into the Danish base as much of the Norwegian idiom as they could while still being comprehensible to a wide audience.
One of these students, later a forester by profession, did his own editing and publishing; and each time he brought out a new edition of these tales, he made the language more and more Norwegian.
By his last edition of 1851, the two students had devised a new and practical method for making and disseminating a language. The process was imitated by other Norwegians. The movement grew. And with the cooperation of many, a language was thus forged from the shambles of a heretofore ignored, spumed, and dying verbal heritage. In Norway today, the conscious strengthening of the language goes on. New (old) words and turns of speech are still being recovered, gathered in, and incorporated; and Norwegians find the process enjoyable, culturally educative, and exciting. As well they should.
This process of reclamation of something so important as a language thus began modestly and simply, by two solitary individuals with no specialist, degreed, or “professional” training, but ended with providing an essential
reinforcement of the political and cultural sovereignty of a new nation. Their accomplishment instilled pride, provided true diversity in a Scandinavian landscape, promoted a more local identity, reinforced custom, and strengthened the cultural cohesion of a fiercely proud people. Their Norwegian tongue had been saved only by a shoestring, a language nearly lost in the process of homogenisation when press, college, government, and church elite fully believed it no longer existed and no doubt viewed the fact as true “progress.” It should be emphasised that the pride in language came only after the briefest taste of political independence.
The lesson for our Southland should be obvious enough, especially in this current evil time. The ruling elite (from corporations to colleges) would have it that when we speak “Southern,” we should take special courses to teach us to remove our “ugly Southern twangs and drawls.” Doing so removes a “stigma” which will make the speaker more “hireable” in the office and acceptable at the cocktail party or country club. The Hollywood version for the Southern accent in the mouths of fat Southern sheriffs, etc., has been made to seem synonymous with ignorance, genetic crippling, violence, bigotry, degeneracy, provincialism, incest, stock-diddling, or worse—in other words, all the evils that the
The ruling elite (from corporations to colleges) would have it that when we speak “Southern,” we should take special courses to teach us to remove our “ugly Southern twangs and drawls.”
bizarre imagination of the modem elite can conjure up—and I do mean conjure up. The Brett Butlers and Jeff Foxworthys of the world, trading on campey Southern-speak, like so many step-and-fetch-its to a “national” audience, do not help our case or cause. Eager to feel good and superior, the “nation” has become obsessively greedy for the Southern stereotype; and our way of speaking has become yet another tool for supplying it. Above all, this stereotype says: “Since you talk slow, you must think slow." Talk Southern? Deduct forty IQ points.
Friends, matters had gotten a great deal worse in Norway; and now, with political sovereignty, a previously nonexistent Norwegian has become the honoured official language of a free people.
When John George, Cultural Chairman of the Georgia Southern League, in an essay in the Southern Patriot (March-April 199S), called for Southern Nationalists to use British orthography as a means of differentiating us from the “nation” at large, I quickly recognised the validity of the suggestion. In working toward Sovereignty, we Southerners should maximise our uniqueness, encourage it, and celebrate it After all, John George’s British orthography of colour, honour, labour, humour, sympathise, maximise, and standardise is what Southerners used before Webster’s Dictionary came along to standardise and
homogenise us to its “efficient,” bland new way. Webster’s is a very Yankeefied invention, codifying and standardising our spelling and removing the colourful ingenuity and personality of alternative Regional ways. We can see the white-ruffed, black-garbed, long, grey-faced Puritan with his cane of punishment over the heads of so many Southern children labouring over their spellers. The South must be lessoned into a superior homogenised “National” way, or so say these “progressives” at every chance, at every turn, and in every nook and cranny of our lives.
That the Southern Patriot has itself now adopted Mr George’s suggestion and uses British orthography is material evidence that ideas do have consequences. League members take note. Why not try it?—if just as another way of resisting standardisation and of getting in the habit for bigger things. It is an outward quiet form of an inward cultural rebellion, of having already separated from a morally bankrupt “national” “culture.”
I would add to John George’s spellings, our using the English manner of dropping the period after Mr and Mrs and of eliminating apostrophes in wont and dont. None other than William Faulkner in our own time did the same. We might also adopt the British manner of writing dates. Instead of January 19,1996, write 19 January 1996.1 have been using this method for several years because I’ve
found it easier. You eliminate the comma, separate the numerals by the month, which guards against confusing them, and as an added bonus, you frustrate the “national” uniformity. All this in one simple change of a way of daily doing! It also gets you into a habit of resisting by deed. It is as simple a thing as that. Practical, visceral reality requires a translation of idea into deed, after all. Ideas must pass into consequences. Write 19 January, and you are on your way to “abjuring the realm” and of beginning your own personal Secession.
I like to see this healthy, resilient hard-headedness among Southern League members. It is a typically Southern trait. Unlike the Puritan or his spawn, we dont clone or standardise well; and that is to our credit. So here I am suggesting doing something my way to you individualistic Southerners. I’m sure none of you are listening. But if you are, here’s more, and of an even more serious matter. It involves our words themselves.
For example, please, let us reclaim such Southern words as dinner and supper. Dinner is what you eat around mid-day. Supper is the evening meal. Lunch is what Californians do, or people in Atlanta or at universities. Southern people eat dinner and have tea with it, not iced-tea, for iced is taken for granted, and so is sugar. We dont say sweet-tea’, we say tea and mean sweet-tea. It’s so simple, if you’re Southern. And nothing distinguishes more quickly than the differences in semantics which result in confusion. Say you invite outlanders for
continued on page 6
Above all, this stereotype says: “Since you talk slow, you must think slow.” Talk Southern? Deduct forty IQ points.
Know your mission •. •
WHAT MUST WE DO?
contributed by John Vinson
Monterey, Virginia
Our beloved Southland and her rich traditions are besieged'on all sides. The monied power-hungry elites of America, along with their camp followers in government, media, education, and rainbow coalitions, are picking up where Sherman left off. The death of Dixie is their final objective.
In the wake of their past conquests lies the sickness and evil we see all around today: confusion, greed, envy, vulgarity, cynicism, and violence. To “solve” these problems, our would-be lords and masters will propose more government, centralised in their hands, as the solution. If they succeed, our children and grandchildren, ultimately stripped of their humanity, will roam as herded cattle on the pastures of the New World Order.
In this present dire hour we must cry after the fashion of the Philippian jailer in the book of Acts, “What must we do to be saved?” The answers, as we shall see, will challenge us.
Nevertheless, we can take encouragement from the histories of other peoples who have faced similar peril and survived. Examples that come to mind are the Serbs, Greeks, and other Balkan peoples who endured centuries
of l\irkish oppression by gathering at their altars of faith and remembering their fathers and grandfathers.We must follow their examples, and obey the voice of the Spirit to “come out of Babylon.” But . . . just how do we leave?
As the Greeks and Serbs, we must kneel in our sanctuaries and pray for courage, wisdom, and endurance. Unfortunately, we now have few sanctuaries of our own. A prime illustration was the recent craven bow of the Southern Baptist leadership to the idol of political correctness. What else could it be, this strange apology for an institution long-dead from people who had nothing to do with it?
Much more appropriately, these good Baptist churchmen might have asked an apology from the still very-much-alive and overbearing national government for sins past and present against the Southern people. But alas, such an appeal would have won them no advantage for trendy acceptance and successful social climbing toward their Northern liberal “betters.”
We need our own church and a return to the faith of our fathers, a faith which affirms our God and our community, and a faith which prefers truth to trendiness. When we get First Things right, the rest will follow.
What other things? Two essentials are serious thought and consistent action. Southerners are strong on healthy instincts, but weak on
disciplined intellect. Without sound thinking, alien ideas will fill our minds by default Aside from self-promotion, this seems to be the problem of the Southern Baptist leadership.
But thinking requires effort and the conclusions one draws from honest thinking often demand the action of hard work. Such a demand, however, often runs against the grain of Southerners’ easy-going, laid-back nature. This nature is by no means all bad, but in the struggle we face we need to adjust it. All play and no work make a poor prospect for Southern survival.
In what directions should our thinking move? One is toward the slaughter, once and for all, of the sacred cow of equality. Our opponents~effectiv£ly-nse it to discredit our just demands for less government and a halt to social engineering. The simple truth is that all men are not equal in morality and talents. Honest theology and biology decree it so. In a free society, men will naturally reap different status and rewards.
Thomas Jefferson said men were equal, but only in the limited sense of God-given rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Those who promote total equality rebel against God and the natural order. Some of them advance this evil program for the lust of power, and others for the lust of envy. Power seekers appeal to the envious for more power to equalise society. With more power concentrated in their hands, they create a society where all men beneath them are equal in lack of protection for life, liberty, or human aspiration. The simple truth
We need... a faith that prefers truth to trendiness.
to remember is that free men are never equal, and equal men are never free.
Another important intellectual task is throwing off the corrupt Yankee notion of ----------------
“rugged individualism.” This sort of individualism destroys societies—as well as individuals. Communities of faith and kinship built America. Rugged individualists seeking gold and power built Latin America. Simply compare the two and the fruits they have produced.
Community is not collectivism, as some of our foolish libertarians would tell us. Collectivism is a system of forcing unnatural relationships among men, often in the name of equality. Community is natural society—an organic matrix of values, memories, and blood ties. Without community, individuals have no cohesion to fight the powers of collectivism that would grind them down to the lowest common level. Individuals find nurture and fulfillment in community, and community grows strong through the freely-given contributions of strong individuals. Our goal should be rugged individuality, not rugged individualism. The slogan to recall is “All for one and one for all!”
We will start small, but with the vision to build bigger.
Still another task of mind is changing our view of money. In some ways we must value it less and return to the understanding of our ancestors that honor and reputation are infinitely more precious than cash. On the other hand, we must realise, perhaps as our ancestors did not, that enterprise and money are
necessary to protect and defend the way of life we wish to live.
With these thoughts in mind, what are the actions which should follow? Basically, we must build a new community and institutions of our own. We will start small, but with the vision to build bigger. In politics we will work to elect people with our ideas and values to local offices— with an eye down the road toward higher offices. For education we will homeschool today, but envision a Southern university tomorrow. In business we will buy each others' goods and services today, with the view of an interlocking network of businesses tomorrow. In this effort each of us must make it a personal life’s goal to play a part. That part might be starting a private school, running for office, or simply rearing decent children. But whatever it is, in the words of Ecclesiastes' preacher, do it with all thy might, and work with—not against—fellow Southerners.
The plain fact is that we do not have unlimited time to restore and build our community. As the anti-South hosts gather around us, it is pointless to ask them for consideration or pity: they have none. If we are to be saved it will only come from the grace of God and our will to save ourselves. Against their overwhelming money, media, and hatred, our only strength is our love for one another and our past and future generations. The strength of that love, whether it waxes or wanes, will decide our fate.
MORE THAN Y’ALL
continued from page 4
dinner and they show up at six, only to find you gone. Or if, on the next occasion, they do make it at twelve and speak of greecey and you start thinking football and Bob Griese, you find after a while that they only meant your beans were too greasey (zy) and were cooked too long. Then they also complained that the tea was dessert. There's much to be gained from confusion. It may have been better when they showed up at six.
In college, in the huge metropolis of Columbia, South Carolina, I learned that when I said dinner and supper, some students (from New Jersey) felt me “quaint” and called me “The Grits.” That is the first time I ever experienced lunch. In public school in the 1960s, the official government line was that we were having lunch, but we children knew we were having dinner, as poor an excuse as it was, knowing what real Southern dinners are. Maybe, after all, the new Southern language should allow lunch as the word for an inferior Yankee excuse for a real Southern dinner. That decision we will leave to our individual Southern lexicographers.
By the time I became a university professor, I was using lunch with the best of them. The word was rolling off my tongue with ease. I had left my South without even knowing it, feeling, I am quite sure, that dinner is what I used to have before I got educated. Then it was the Brits who brought me back to dinner. As one of the titled country gentry was mounting his blooded mare to ride home, he called quietly from
out his tweeds that he reckoned he must be going because dinner was waiting at the manor. And it was one o'clock! This reckoning and dinner sounded so familiar to my still vesti-gially Southern ears that I felt at home for a moment And the good Duke was even dropping his It's! Then it was that I realised most clearly the folly and falseness of the “national” ostracism of ways and things and accents Southern. If the best educated gentry of Southern England used my Southern tongue, why then shouldn’t I, without being branded as some sort of retard (at worst) or bumpkin (at best).
Well, several decades down the walk and I dont need Brits to make it acceptable to be Southern any more. But the self-consciousness of youth and the peer-pressure of being Southern in a Yankee environment have been powerful forces to overcome. Now that I can see behind the scam, however, it has become an amusing pastime to discern the intolerant, provincial attitude of non-Southern people when they view “provincial” Southerners and Southern ways as aberrations from a superior “American” norm. The major themes of our Southern literature, and our Southern view of life, are far more in line with the best of European culture than the whole lot of practitioners of the so-called “national” literature or “national” view of life. As Southern scholar Richard Weaver has written, the Northern way is the real aberration from a Western view, not the Southern way. It all came clear to me that day in 1975, when the ridah to the manah said he reckoned that dinnah was waiting.
I have come to learn further that the “nation” has seemed to act as if the South were its owii private conquered property to do with and manage at will. The strategy has been to isolate Southerners from the world within the walls of its own private empire (political, economic, and cultural), keeping Southerners unaware of their links to the world outside, links that would sustain them—and, even more, to keep them unsure of themselves, always on the defensive, by comparing them only to the greater victorious “nation,” telling them relentlessly in the media and in their own schools how backward and wrong-headed they are—and with a tone of mingled pity, scorn, superiority, ridicule, and arrogance. Has not that, too often, been the “American” way with the South? To the shame of the “nation”! *
It has been known widely that in the fastnesses of our Southern mountains, folks still speak an English that echoes the Elizabethan language of Shakespeare, accounted by all to be the highest expression reached by the English tongue. I still hear echoes and snatches of that language in rural Upcountry South Carolina. Were our two Norwegian students present in Carolina and Georgia today, they would have ample remnants to collect, of a Southern vocabulary and way of speaking. And we have besides, from the wonderful various infusion of French Creole and Cajun, words like lagniappe (a little something extra), colourful westemisms like maverick,
the richness of Gullah, and the Africanisms of gumbo, pindars (peanuts), okra, and yam, to help build that language and its distinctiveness. Judging from expressions used by my own South Carolina kin, words such as nary a for not a, or peert for bright (as in acutely intelligent), multiplied by the experiences of many good Southern League listeners, I believe we have the capability to assemble lists of these Southern words and expressions toward the goal of creating a respected Southern idiom and way of speaking that would separate us linguistically as we march toward Political and Cultural Sovereignty. The Norwegian dialects from which the Norwegian language was resurrected were no more various and scattered. We in the Cultural Committee of the Southern League seek your help in working toward this goal.
Mr. Kibler is Chairman of the Cultural Committee of the Southern League. He is a teacher and poet, and maintains a home in Upcountry South Carolina.
FOR FURTHER READING:
Jane Jacobs, “The Secession of Norway from Sweden,” in The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle Over Sovereignty (Random House, 1980).
Richard Weaver, “Modern Southern Literature,” in Southern Essays of Richard Weaver (Liberty Press, 1987).
January- February 1996
VOL. 3 • NO. 1
Patronise patriots.. •
Deo Vindice! Books, owned by Mississippi State Chairman John Cripps, offers high quality Confederate books and audiotapes (music and lectures) at discount prices. Write or call for a free catalog: PO Box 2628, Gulfport, MS 39505, (601) 374-DIXI. John also has three Websites that may be of interest to SL members: (1) Deo Vindice! Books: http://users.aol.com/southron2/ books.htm; (2) CSANet: http:// users.aol.com/southron2/csanet/ csanet.htm; and (3) DixieMart: http:// users.aol.com/southron2/mail.htm.
Fine Southern books are also available from League member Rev. H. Rondel Rumberg. Write to him at 4932 15th Street, Huey town, AL 35023, or call him at (205) 491-2461.
The Steel Magnolia & Co. is a small, family-owned Christian business. It offers high-quality, full color. Southern & Victorian greeting cards with matching linen-finish envelopes. Brochures are $1.00 from PO Box 2066, Gaffney, SC 29342-2066.
Conference...
Make your plans now to attend the First Annual Southern Celtic Conference, Saturday, 6 April 1996, in Biloxi, Mississippi, at Broadwater East. Tentative speakers include Dr Thomas Fleming, Barry R. McCain, Rev. Eugene Case, John Cripps, & Dr Michael Hill. For information call John Cripps, (601) 432-9668.
Obituaries
The League mourns the passing of a great Texan, J. Evetts Haley, who died at age 94 in Midland on 9 October 1995. Mr Haley was a noted non-fiction writer whose tales of the frontier are unrivaled. But most importantly, Mr Haley was a fearless gentleman who understood that civilisation can flourish only where men are gritty, courageous, and resourceful. We wont see his sort again soon. May he rest in peace.
Andrew Nelson Lytle, the last of the Nashville Agrarians, died on 14 December at age 92. Mr Lytle was a teacher, an acclaimed man-of-letters, .and a prolific writer. His most notable novel is The Velvet Horn (1957), but Lytle most likely will be best remembered for his contribution to I'll Take My Stand: The South and the Agrarian Tradition (1930). “A farm,” he wrote, “is not a place to grow wealthy; it is a place to grow com.”
The League has suffered a grievous loss with the recent death of O. P. (Perry) Alford, m, Professor Emeritus in Economics at Auburn University's Von Mises Institute. Mr Alford was a generous financial contributor to the organisation, regularly attended SL events, and always had words of encouragement for Southern traditionalists. May God grant him peace.
♦ ♦♦
To get your business included in the SL business listing, request the “Patronise Patriots” form; complete, & return it no later than 28 February 1996.
Noteworthy publications
We encourage you to buy and read books written by League members or friends of the League, including:
Caveats from the Bench: Constitutional Warnings from a Mississippi Trial Court, by Judge W. O. “Chet” Dillard, available from Persimmon, Inc., 105 North State Street, Jackson, MS 39201;
Why Not Freedom!: America's Revolt Against Big Government, by James R. and Walter D. Kennedy, available from Pelican Publishing Co., 1101 Monroe Street, Gretna, LA 70053; and
Memoirs & Murder: A Reconstruction Mystery, by H. R. Graf, available from Blue Heron Press, PO Box 550, Thibodaux, LA 70302.
New arrivals...
Congratulations to Shelly & Ron Kennedy of Mandeville, Louisiana, on the birth of their son, Thomas Earl, bom 20 July 1995, and to Helen & John Vinson, Monterey, Virginia, on the birth of their son, Andrew John, bom 6 December 1995. Welcome, little unreconstructed Southerners.
All rights reserved. Permission to reprint articles herein is granted on the condition that such reprints give full credit to the Southern League, supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author’s name. The Southern League requests copies of all reprints.
The Southern League
Michael Hill, President	Board	of Directors:	Thomas	Fleming
P.O. Box 40910	Jack Kershaw
Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910	J. Steven Wilkins
Telephone: (205) 553-0155 Fax: (205) 553-2155
25 January 1996 Dear Southern Patriot:
The Agrarian tradition has always held in suspicion those with an undue affection for monetary wealth and technological development. Utopian dreams and materialistic ideas of salvation underlie both—as does an ignorant worship of undefined progress. Not that the Agrarians did, or that we should, spurn all technology or money. This confuses the thing with its application and context--like confusing the immorality of the drunkard with good whiskey, or condemning sex right along with the adulterer! No, Agrarianism is wise enough to make careful moral judgments. Money and technology are great blessings if carefully adapted and governed within their proper Christian context—like good whiskey and sex! When perverted, they become curses which destroy true piety, hence community and civilisation.
The Southern League Foundation is having a great beginning—over $2,600 has been donated since mid-December, with monthly and quarterly pledges over several hundred dollars. We missed a $1,000 matching grant by a few days. Instead, we have received a $200 grant with the promise of $800 more when we have raised $8,000. (Aren’t there six or seven Southern Patriots out there who have $1,000; or fourteen with $500??)
Presently, the Foundation will content itself with subsidising the educational activity of our League, with printing and mailing costs of the Southern Patriot, and with reimbursing/paying President Michael Hill for travel and speaking costs on behalf of the League. Of course, the more of this the Foundation can cover—the more funds left to the League for public exposure and promotional activity. It is one thing for us to have a message and cause to rally around. It is quite another to be enabled to expose the general public to that message. The reality is—it takes money. Now, some questions to challenge and stir up your moral resolve:
1)	Is The Southern League Foundation in your monthly or quarterly budget—why not?
2)	Is The Southern League Foundation in your will or estate plan—why not?
3)	Is The Southern League Foundation in your life insurance policy(s)—why not?
There might be good “NO” answers to the above questions. But it is my duty to remind you of your responsibility to be as faithful and generous MONETARILY as you are able. It is natural that your love for our great heritage and cause should show up very blatantly in your checkbook. Does it? Ladies and gentlemen—find your checkbooks and write!
May God richly bless you—and our cause,
David E. Rockett Finance Chairman
(Please see reverse)
"We Invoke the Netting* efPret Hence on a fust cause.m	Jefferson	Davis
James R. Kennedy Grady McWhiney Clyde N. Wilson
Please accept my tax-deductible gift: (Checks payable to The Southern League Foundation).
$________._____Monthly, Quarterly, Annually, One-Time (please circle one).
______Please call me about various Planned Giving Opportunities available.
Name:	______________________________________________
Address:	______________________________________________
City, State ZIP:	______________________________________________
Telephone:	______________________________________________
Clip and mail to: David E. Rockett, Southern League Finance Chairman, PO Box 2628, Monroe, LA 71207
Telephone: (318) 388-1149
Clip & mail to The Southern League, PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910
I’d like to be a member of The Legion of the South (formerly Legion of the Southern Cross), and I pledge $____________(at	least	$125)	per	year*	to	The Southern League in:
OR
one lump sum payment installments of $__________.
Enclosed is $__________________!	*Dues	&	contributions	to	The	Southern	League	are	NOT	tax	deductible.
Signature & Date
•Wtknmkathe Ueatimgt cf PrmiM—c* *m aJugt cause.”	Jefferson	Davis