May - June 2000
VOI.. 7 • NO. 3
the League of the South
Post Office Box 40910 Tuscaloosa. A I. 35404-0910
“We invoke the blessings of Providence on a just cause”
Jefferson Davis
E
resident’s message.
Dr Michael Hill Tuscaloosa, Alabama

FLAG IS DOWN BUT SECESSION IS UP!
According to an Associated Press article of Monday, 5 June, ‘eight to sixteen percent’ of Southerners and ‘up to nine percent of non-Southemers’ think the South would be better off as a separate nation if independence could be peacefully achieved. The research conducted at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill found the strongest support for secession in South Carolina but noted that its Southern Focus Poll showed ‘substantial support across the region for an independent South.’
Regarding the current efforts of the Southern Party and the South Carolina Independent Party to woo secessionist sentiment, J. David Gillespie, a political science professor at Presbyterian College in Clinton, South Carolina, said: ‘It’s an effort that should be taken seriously. I suspect there is enough secession sentiment in South Carolina and Georgia that a candidate on the Southern Party ticket could get 10 percent of the vote. They could probably get 10 or 15 percent of the votes for a governor, which could have significant impact on whether a Republican or a Democrat won.’
The article pointed out that while eight to sixteen percent may sound unimpressive, ‘only eight percent in Quebec supported independence when the Parti Quebecois began agitation for it in 1962. By 1976, 40 percent favored independence, and in 1995,49 percent voted for it.’
The article quoted LS Board member Clyde Wilson who called secession ‘the wave of the future.’
I think the League of the South can legitimately claim credit for much of the support for secession among Southerners today. When the League formed in 1994, few would say the word ‘secession’ unless it were in hushed tones with furtive backward glances. Several prominent people even ‘un-joined’ because we advocated the right of secession.
I think this latest poll and the AP’s treatment of it should be very encouraging to all of the membership, indicating that your efforts are beginning to pay dividends. As LS Board Member Thomas Fleming said in the videotape of the Southern Independence Day Celebration, a Southern independence movement could be politically effective if 30-35 percent of the people, properly organized, supported it. This doesn’t mean, of course, that secessionist candidates would win elections, but that a Southern independence bloc would have the power to influence major candidates and platforms.
According to the Southern Focus Poll, already we have sixteen percent support; we are just about half way to our goal! Now, even the major presses have begun saying our keyword ‘secession’—no small victory, in my view.
Coverage such as this is bound to increase support as well as backlash. I urge you to give thanks for this measure of success and then redouble your efforts for the cause.
By the time you read this, the Confederate battle flag, barring a miracle, will have been removed from atop the Capitol dome in Columbia, South Carolina. Surely, this is a setback; however, it makes me wonder how many of the people responding favorably to the secession poll made their minds up on the issue when the flag vote was taken. We were sold out by unscrupulous politicians, and they must be made to pay the price for their actions at the polls in November. (For our LS of SC chapter’s ‘No Votes for Turncoats’ campaign, see www. palmetto.org.) Let us also remember that our cause is not mainly to keep flags flying but to win our independence. If the flag’s removal spurs heretofore complacent citizens of the South to join the fight, then the enemy’s victory will have been a pyrrhic one, i.e. a victory costing more than it was worth. We have long needed some event to rally our folks, and this indeed may have been it. Once we are free, we will be able, God willing, to display all symbols of our cultural and political heritage.
On another political note, LS of Mississippi state chairman John Thomas Cripps has declared his intention to seek the governorship in 2003. John issued his announcement on 8 May, and at the time of this writing no newspaper or TV station in Mississippi has covered the story. To get his message out, John will be renting billboard
space. I encourage League members to support John financially. Please see his website: www.freemississippi.org. While there, be sure to sign our Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence. As of 14 June, this poll was listed among the top 10 polls of petitiononline.com. Let’s make it #1. Donations to the Cripps for Governor campaign may be made payable to FreeMississippi.org and sent to PO Box 613, Wiggins, Mississippi 39577, CSA. Contributions of $20.00 or more will receive a 1-year subscription to ‘Discussions Magazine’ (see p. 9).
It is time to make your plans for our 7th Annual National Conference, to be held at the Grand Hotel in Pensacola, Florida, 12-14 October. Please see registration and reservation information on page 5.
Our thanks to League member Jerry Franks of Columbus, Mississippi, whose political cartoon appears on p. 8. Jerry’s artwork will become a regular feature of the Southern Patriot.
Advertising Rates for Southern Patriot: $100 for full page; $60 for half page. Space is limited; call first for availability. (800) 888-3163.
Southern Patriot
Hi-monthly newsletter of the League of the South
Lditor: Sara Hill P.O. Box 40910 Tuscaloosa, AL 35404-0910 tel: (800) 888-3163 or (205) 553-0155 fax: (205) 553-2155 e-mail: prcsidcnt@dixicnct.org DIxieNet webpage: www.dixicnct.org
PRESIDENT:
Michael Hill, Ph.D.
HOARD OF DIRECTORS: Thomas Fleming, Ph.D.
Jack Kershaw, J.D.
(< rady--' NlcWhiney, Ph.D. Walter I). Kennedy Rev. J.^teven W ilkins
f$tClyde VVilMm, Ph.D. I
AH rights reserved. Permission to reprint articles herein is gr/wU'd on the condition that such rcpri/tts give full credit to the League of the South. supply our address and telephone number, and prominently display the author's name. The League,: of the South requests copies of reprints.-
For cultural distinctiveness the Southern Patriot uses British orthography and punctuation. Delivery Policy: Please notify us in advance of a change of address. We cannot forward newsletters returned due to address changes. Members: To insure uninterrupted delivery of your Southern Patriot, dues may be renewed at any time prior to the date recorded at the top of your address label. Annual dues amounts are listed on page 8.
Letters...
Michael Hill, Pres.
Tuscaloosa, Alabama
Mr. Hill:
I find perfidious and un-American the support by some Southerners for the Confederate flag, the flag of treason against the United States and the symbol of defense of slavery. That flag of infamy should not be a part of one‘s heritage that one should be proud of. To proudly display the Confederate flag is like the Germans displaying the Nazi swastika flag. In fact, German law prohibits the displaying of the swastika or any other Nazi emblem or symbol.
I consider it bsurd [sic] that you regard yourselves as “citizens of the sovereign state of the South ”, a "separate and distinct people," that Southerners should reject “the corrupt and sterile national culture that pervades the land,” and you held out the hope of again seceding from the union. I find it contemptible that you would slander American culture by calling it “corrupt" and "sterile.” I wonder what reasonable people would call a Southern culture that reeked with racism and anti-Semitism, that contained the KKK, violence and discrimination. Would the terms corrupt and sterile deservedly apply to such a culture? It also seems that the spirit of disloyalty and treason still exists in the South against the United States. Please be advised that the US Army and the National Guard will crush any Southern attempts at insurrection and such Southern traitors will be prosecuted and punished severely for their seditious and subversive behavior.
You Southerners are a part of the United States, not a separate and distinct
people.
I find it despicable that in Montgomery, Alabama, two women who were carrying American flags were heckled by a group of subversives who were carrying Confederate flags and who even converged around the women in a threatening way, until police moved in to protect them and lead them to safety. The Confederate goons not only manifested perfidy but also cowardice.
It also happened that two CNN employees were insulted by Confederate rabble at State House steps. What kind of Southern culture is that?
It’s a shame that those Confederate goons weren ’t at the State House steps in Boston because American patriots would have taken their Confederate flags and shoved them down their un-American throats.
Secessionist movements in our country are an exercise in futility. America is not like the Soviet Union or Yugoslavia. America is a united, indivisible country, Confederate pondscum notwithstanding, and it will remain such.
Signed,
CHW
Boston, Massachusetts
te'- *
Dear Mr W:
Thank you for writing me with your opinion of the South, Southern symbols, and Southern people. I had hoped that in a country that espouses tolerance and diversity, its citizens would at least manifest these characteristics in their letters to each other. But it seems that tolerance and diversity extend only to officially sanctioned groups—and the descendants
3
of Confederate Southerners are not one of them. I do not blame you personally since I understand that you are merely responding to many long years of an '‘official" history and anti-Southern propaganda. You have swallowed the Hollywood stereotype that Southerners are evil, less than human, and deserve to be, as you put it, “crushed . . . prosecuted and punished severely."
When people, supposedly of the same nation, cannot with good will disagree, perhaps it is indeed time for a separation. We of the League of the South do not presume to tell you how to feel or believe about the United States or the American flag, nor do we seek to overthrow (politically or culturally) the American empire. In fact, the very opposite is true. We wish merely to withdraw ourselves culturally, and only favor a political separation should reform prove impossible. We have no desire to interfere with the American system in any region where its presence is desired and consented to by the people. We desire a peaceful separation because we have withdrawn our consent. This is not to say that we think our desire for peaceful separation will not be met by armed resistance.
Our ancestors of1776 and many of them in 1861, north & south, believed as we do-that people have a right and a duty to separate from a government that no longer represents them. Massachusetts herself threatened secession at the time of the Mexican War and even earlier, and Congressman Abraham Lincoln publicly acknowledged secession as a right in the 1840s.
I would also like to correct the record regarding the two CNN employees at our
rally in Montgomery, whom you say were "insulted by Confederate rabble" These men were surreptitiously recording private conversations (a felony in Alabama) by means of a boom microphone. When a man in the crowd informed the people that they were being eavesdropped upon, the two CNN employees insulted him and were subsequently ejectedfrom the event by the police. And deservedly so.
The woman wrapped in an American flag, whom you say was heckled, was herself a heckler. She came to disrupt. She was not threatened and she was not “led to safety" by the police. The police ejected her. I find it interesting that you believe Southern people should have embraced this woman for carrying a symbol that is in opposition to everything we stand for, while you would have your Boston compatriots take our Confederate flags and shove them "down [our] un-American throats." So, you think we are not a separate and distinct people? Surely, this is not the way you treat fellow countrymen.
We respect your desire to honor the American flag in Boston, and we do not wish to impose our flag upon you. Why is it that you cannot extend to us the same courtesy? If we are as un-American as your letter contends, why would you want us in your country?
May I also point out the similarity between your position regarding the prohibition of certain points of view and certain emblems or symbols and the Nazi and Soviet positions. It was the Nazis and Soviets who, like you, insisted upon an official history and official symbols. While your letter fairly drips with hatred and virtually promises our punishment, you apparently feel yourself superior to
Nazis, Soviets, KKK types, anti-Semites, and even to those who legitimately and peacefully protest their forced membership in a country to which they can no longer give their consent. You imply that you are against slavery, and yet you exhibit the classic slave mentality, in that from a distance, you pronounce your Master’s line without investigating claims to the contrary. You presume to know me and other Southerners from the comfort and security of your home hundreds of miles away.
I appeal to your spirit of brotherly love and encourage you, if you must disagree, to disagree with decorum and decency. We do not claim that the South ever was or ever will be perfect, because people are flawed. We also won’t claim that the North was or is perfect. We do not wish to tell Northerners what flags they can fly or what songs they can sing or what history they can believe. But I will point out that the American flag you revere was the flag that flew over slave ships, yet you still revere it. Virginia was the first state to condemn and abolish the slave trade, while Illinois and many other Northern states would not allow the feet of free blacks on their virgin white soil.
Even some of your Northern compatriots have acknowledged that the Southern side of things is a valid one. Won’t you at least investigate our position before you ram our flags down our throats ? I suggest a book such as When in the Course of Human Events: Arguing The Case for Southern Secession by Charles Adams, who is from New York. Granted, not many books from the Southern perspective exist; if they did, judging by your letter, you would bum them. But your government has done what amounts to
the same thing: subsidized (used in government schools) those that agree with the official position and ignored or suppressed the rest.
I won’t waste any more of my time or yours because I do not believe you are listening, although I hope and pray that you are. But just in case you have read this far, I want you to know that we Southerners are not afraid of armies or national guards. We understand exactly what you mean when you say America is "united and will remain such ”: that it is prepared to exterminate everyone who disagrees with its official line.
America is not indivisible—indeed, nothing is, except the sovereign God. If He sees fit to divide us, no armies or national guards or any force arrayed against Him will be able to hold us together.
You and yours will be in our prayers.
For Southern independence,
Michael Hill
I m s
Dear Sir:
I write this letter as a strong Sympathizer of the organization and of your goals.
Possibly, being a geographical outsider, the flag issue may strike me somewhat differently than those of you who are privileged to be Southern residents.
Initially, I was disappointed to see that in all likelihood the battle flag has been removed from Capitol dome in S. Carolina. But after some second thoughts, I find I think differently than intially. In fact it seems encouraging.
It now becomes so obvious that these (continued on p. 5, opposite)
7th Annual LS National Conference The Grand Hotel, Pensacola, Florida fef ,	12-14 October 2000
To date scheduled speakers are: Eugene Case, Steve Wilkins, Ron Kennedy, Michael Hill, John Vinson (American Immigration Control Foundation), John Chodes, Mary Elizabeth Sanders, Ron Holland, John Cripps, and Charley Reese. Sessions will run from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday and Saturday. Music will be provided by Basic Grey, the Un-Reconstructed Band, and a surprise group of old (and not-so-old) Southern rockers from various points in Dixie. A short memorial service will be held at St Michael’s Cemetery where a number of our Confederate heroes are buried.
The special room rate for attendees is $75.00 per night (single or double). Be sure to identify yourself as a conference attendee and to make your room reservation by 12 September to receive this special rate. For reservations, call (800) 348-3336.
Early registration (up to 1 September) for the Friday and Saturday conference sessions is $50 per individual LS member and $75 per LS family. Late registration (after 1 September) will be $60 per individual and $90 per family.
For non-League members, early registration (up to 1 September) is $75 per individual and $100 per family. Late registration (after 1 September) for non-members will be $90 per individual and $125 per family.
Please make check or money order to The League of the South, and mail to: LS, PO Box 40910, Ttiscaloosa, AL 35404.
A mini-Hedge School will be held on the evening of the 12th, conducted by LSI Director, Dr Don Livingston. To register for the Hedge School, call Dr Livingston at (843) 887-3468.
(continued from p. 4)
attacks are just the beginning of more to come. But it has brought the issue out in the open for many to see who didn't previously give the issue much thought. It is getting publicity now big time. Also, I believe it makes us more thankful that we are still able individually to honor the flag and our heritage. We become more appreciative when something is to be taken from us—and more resistant. [Emphasis added.]
Name withheld by request Lincoln, Nebraska
Video of Southern Independence Day Rally
Many of you have ordered and by now probably received the completed 1-hour and 40-minute videotape capturing the historic signing of our Declaration of Southern Cultural Independence, 4 March 2000, in Montgomery, Alabama, the ‘Cradle of the Confederacy.’ This stunning production features interviews and speeches by Dr Clyde Wilson, Dr Thomas Fleming, Dr Donald Livingston, Franklin Sanders, Donnie Kennedy, Jack Kershaw, Mike
Toggle, Rev. John Cripps, Kirk Lyons, Charles Lunsford, Dr James Kibler, & Dr Michael Hill. The purpose of the video is to make a case for Southern Independence, both cultural and political. Thus, the nature of the effort is quite controversial. Our thanks go to Michael Chapman and FV Productiions and our own Michael Givens for a superb job of producing and editing. We think the opening scene is superb and that it sets the tone for the entire video. To order, see form on inside back cover.
May - June 2000
vol. 7 • no. 3
Verbal Independence...
LESSON EIGHT:
AN R-FUL CHANGE IN SOUTHERN ENGLISH
Eighth in a series begun in the July 1997 Southern Patriot
contributed by Ellen Johnson, Ph.D. Athens, Georgia
‘Suh-prise, suh-prise, suh-prise!’Who can forget Gomer’s enthusiastic rendition of the Southern English accent? We all have heard the exaggerated imitations of the missing ‘r’ in the Southern drawl. Not in words like Rhett or Tara, where the V comes before a vowel, but only where Y comes before a consonant or at the end of a word. As in putting the ‘caht’ before the ‘boss’ or in the much maligned ‘y’all come back now, heah?’
Despite the unsophisticated qualities of the characters on television who talk this way. Southerners know the truth about the missing ‘r’: that it is a mark of aristocracy, if a bit old-fashioned. Paradoxically, it can also help identify a speaker as African American, and it is a feature that was exported to Northern cities along with the Great Migration of Southern blacks. This is the story of a sound that first went missing from the speech of both the poorest and the wealthiest Southerners, that at one time was in danger of being lost entirely in the South, but that is making a rapid comeback, with ‘r-lessness’ beating a hasty retreat.
Why was the Y lost, then found again? Linguists agree that at the time the American colonies were settled,
most speakers of British English pronounced the ‘r,’ quite strongly in fact. (Of course, it could be argued that there was no such thing as ‘British English’ until 1776, that it was just English before then.) Dialects in the eastern and southeastern part of England began to lose the ‘r,’ and this would have included the speech of London. Quite a lot of commerce linked the Eastern Seaboard with Britain, and the fashions of London in dress, music, and yes, language, spread across the Atlantic. Not only did traders come from England bringing the latest trends, but the wealthier colonists long followed a tradition of sending their sons to England for an education. As today, those who went away to college came back with their speech patterns altered, for better or worse. ‘R’s’ disappeared in Charleston and Savannah, which were great port cities, and also in the speech of New York City and Boston (‘pahk the cah in the yahd’).
Alert readers will notice that in this tale of colonists from England, commerce, fashions, and higher education, someone has been left out: the involuntary immigrants who began to populate the South in large numbers, African slaves. Like anyone else who learns a foreign language, Africans would have substituted sound patterns from their native language for unfamiliar sound patterns in the new language. The quest to trace any African American language feature back to a specific African language is complicated by the fact that West Africa is one of the most polyglot (from Greek ‘many’ + ‘tongues’) areas of the world. Those who live there routinely speak four or more languages just in the course of their everyday lives. We
know, however, that a majority of these West African languages end each syllable with a vowel. English syllables like ‘cart,’ ending in two consonants would be hard for speakers of languages like this to pronounce, whether the language is West African or Japanese. So the slaves who were learning English would have had tendency to drop ‘r’s’ that occurred at the end of a word or before a consonant, exactly the context where Londoners were dropping them.
This language change from two sources caused the r-lessness of Southern speech to spread inland much further than in New York or New England, throughout the whole of the plantation country. Up until World War Two, Southerners who still pronounced their ‘r’s’ gave away their origin in the poor whites who worked the small farms and cotton mills of the sand hills and the upcountry areas that couldn’t support plantation agriculture. Poorer settlers, many of them of Scottish ancestry (Scots-Irish) arrived in the South in the eighteenth century from Ireland. The choice lands of the coastal plain were already occupied, so they moved on to the back country, the higher, hillier land, where they met with other Scots-Irish who had travelled from Pennsylvania down into the Southern Appalachians. While the planters and their slaves, and the descendents of these groups as well, did nor pronounce the postvocalic ‘r,’ the descendents of the Scots-Irish did pronounce it.
The Y became a marker of poverty among white Southerners. Dialectolo-gist Raven McDavid, himself a South Carolinian who did not pronounce the
‘r,’ went so far as to suggest that the presence of Y might indicate a person who was more likely to be racist and hence unfit for certain roles, police work, for example. He based this idea on the long-standing reality of economic competition between blacks and poor whites and the hostility it engendered. Nevertheless, McDavid foresaw a time when the more widespread American habit of pronouncing the Y might come to prevail, noting that ‘the presence in local military posts of many Northern and Western servicemen, with strong... V as well as with a different and more sophisticated line of conversation, has led many Southern girls to the conclusion that a person with Y can be acceptable as a date for the daughter of generations of plantation owners.’
In the end, again there are at least two sources of language change that have converged to introduce the Y back into the speech of Southerners of the higher social classes. The first is this influence of the national norm, intensifying with the current migration of Northerners to the ‘Sun Belt.’ The second is the rise of Piedmont cities— Birmingham, Atlanta, Greenville/ Spartanburg, Charlotte, and Raleigh/ Durham—to dominate Southern urban culture. No longer are cities like Charleston and Savannah fashionable centers of culture that set the trends for outlying areas. Economic changes have isolated them in the way geographical barriers isolated islanders and mountaineers in days gone by, so that their dialect has become a ‘quaint’ one rather than a model to imitate. Although the upper classes throughout the South had become accustomed to
dropping the ‘r,’ r-lessness was never as strong in the Piedmont region, the region that is now asserting its linguistic as well as economic superiority in the South. Atlanta and its upcountry sisters, where more ‘r’s’ were pronounced, have taken on the status of role models.
Unfortunately, yet another force may be playing a role in the resurgence of ‘r,’ racism.* In many parts of the country, the speech patterns of African Americans and whites seem to be moving apart in some ways. White Southerners could be using more ‘r’s’ as a way of distinguishing themselves from African Americans, in a backlash against integration and other changes brought by the Civil Rights Movement. R-lessness is alive and well in the black community, though it is rapidly disappearing elsewhere.
Indeed, the loss of Y that once prevailed across the South, and that is still parodied by those who would mimic Southern speech, only exists today among African Americans, Southerners over the age of sixty, and in the most rural areas, especially among males there. It is no longer a feature of the speech of most white Southerners. Researchers have shown us that when language varieties are dying out (for example, the use of German in Michigan or certain Native American languages), the last speakers are usually men. There are reasons for maintaining features of speech that run contrary to mainstream standards, reasons that go to the very heart of our identity. So it is that ‘r’ has not found its way back into the speech of all Southerners just yet.
Forrest Gump says, ‘You got to put the pas’ behin’ you befo’ you can move on.’ Language change proceeds slowly. ‘R’ is now respectable, and the language seems to be moving on, but the past is never completely behind us.
Ellen Johnson teaches linguistics at the University of Georgia, and has published a book about the changing vocabulary of Southern English.
* [Editor’s Note: The League of the South respectfully disagrees with the use of the word 'racism ’ in this context. We fail to see how changing one's speech to distinguish it from another’s qualifies as 'racism. ’ Even if it did qualify, the 'moving apart' of the speech patterns of the races might more readily and convincingly be attributed to 'racism 'on the part of blacks trying to distinguish themselvesfrom whites-or else attributed to the ‘racism' of radio and television media people, whose speech is decidedly 'r-fiil ’and apparently sets the 'standard’for blacks & whites alike.]
If your state or local chapter news is missing from the ‘Around the League’page (p. 11), we apologise! Please send news about the events in your area to us at president @dixienet.org with the subject line, ‘Around the League,' or by U.S. mail to PO Box 40910, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404. Submission by the 10th day of odd numbered months (Jan., March, May, July, Sept, Nov.) will ensure that your news reaches us in time for publication in the following issue.
The UN On National Sovereignty
In March a UN University Study of NATOs intervention in Kosovo revealed that national ‘sovereignty can be forfeited on humanitarian grounds.’ According to UPI reports, the UN is promoting ‘an international consensus about the point at which a state forfeits its sovereignty’ and the removal of veto power in the Security Council ‘so that the support of a majority of the great powers is all that is required to permit states to engage in humanitarian war.’
The UN report proclaimed that ‘to use force unilaterally is to violate international law and undermine world order. Yet to respect sovereignty all the time is to be complicit in human rights violations sometimes.’
The idea that ‘human rights’ trump all other concerns is an Enlightenment-era principle. Of course, proponents of this view can create limitless categories of human rights, all of which must be championed by the heavy hand of government force. In Kosovo in particular, NATO decreed that the Muslim Albanians had a ‘right’ to occupy the historic holy ground of the Serbs, despite the fact that the former had taken it through sheer force and terror. It is clear that ‘human rights’ apply only to certain sanctioned victim groups, and we can rest assured that the authentic Christian cultures of Serbs and Southerners do not fit this category. We, after all, are seen as the oppressors of others’ ‘human rights.’
So even when the South reasserts its own nationhood, we should not be surprised when the UN/NATO Axis finds grounds to urge a ‘humanitarian war’ against us.
A Reminder to the Membership
To ensure uninterrupted membership and delivery of the Southern Patriot, please note that the first line of the address label on this newsletter is your membership expiration date. If your membership is about to expire, your newsletter will have a -Final Issue* stamp on it. Some state chapters are sending renewal reminders to their members. If you do not receive a reminder, your renewal should I be mailed to P.O. Box 40910, Itascaloosa, Alabama 35404. No application form is necessary.
To Non-Members
T^e League of the South
invites you to join with us in our stated purpose:
*'We seek to advance the cultural, social, economic, and political well-being and independence of the Southern people by all honourable means.’
Send a written statement that you support our purpose, along with your name, address, phone number, and check or money order to: The League of the South, PO Box 40910, Thscaloosa, AL 35404. ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP RATES: REGULAR: $40.00; $60.00 for husband & wife; LEGION OF THE SOUTH: $125.00 continuing annual pledge (includes free LS 3rd National lapel pin); $200.00 for husband & wife (2 free pins); STUDENT: $20.00 (must send copy of school ID).
May • June 2000
VOL. 7» no. 3
Pa
em ± atnot
The Worth of One Flag
contributed by Bill Mori from AlaReb with permission
This past Saturday, 4/22, we attended at the rural community of Hackneyville, Alabama, a Confederate gathering. The local SCV/LOS combined to Confederize the area and our drive to the community center was met with battle flags flying from many, many houses. The cemetery had a large flag pole at the entrance flying the battle flag and reenactors were stirring about throughout the community. A lovely ceremony at the cemetery with artillery booming woke up any late sleepers. Surrounding businesses had been asked to contribute food and money so there was no charge to the public which included excellent blue grass music furnished by a local group. Several speakers, including the incomparable L[loyd] Caperton, made the 140 plus people realize they were in Dixie.
This shows what local people working in local areas can do and be finished by 2 to 3 p.m. The work done by these folks in convincing the neighborhood to display the battle flag is magnificent. In all directions you could see battle flags.
One Flag is Worth a Thousand Speeches,
Bill
The Confederate Shoppe 928 Delcris Drive Birmingham, Alabama 35226 205 942-8978 205 942-7881 (fax)
www. pointsouth. com/c-shoppe. htm
Recommended Reading
League member Ellen Williams of Leroy, Alabama, has a new book entitled Bedford, A World Vision (Guardian Books 2000; $15.95). The book gives the reader a future look at life in a small Alabama town when statehood has disappeared and national sovereignty is waning. Multiculturalism has reached even Bedford, and with it the demise of Christianity’s predominance. The U.S. has ratified the United World’s Children’s Rights Treaty, and the influence of that organisation permeates every local institution. A trial brings the town of Bedford face to face with this brave, new world. This book is a thriller that you won’t be able to put down. For more information, call (334) 246-9850 or e-mail rebellen @mindspring.com.
Beyond Appomattox: A Guide to Rethinking the War Between the States (Covenanter Book Service, 1506 E 42nd St, Texarkana, AR 71854; (870) 772-1646, by Ben House, is an extensive annotated bibliography of Southern apologetic literature. Aimed mainly toward non-Southern Christians with scant knowledge of the Southern cause, it has as much information for you confirmed Dixiephiles as for the novice-and much that any Christian could profitably ponder.

Free Mississippi
FreeMississippi.org, the website for John Cripps’s gubernatorial bid, is reintroducing the quarterly Discussions Magazine, which was discontinued in 1995. The magazine will feature articles by Michael Hill, Dr Tom Woods, John Vinson and others, cover art by Frank Swords, and political cartoons by Jerry Franks. A donation of $20 or more to John’s campaign will get you a free 1-year subscription to Discussions.
2nd Amendment Rights
The much ballyhooed ‘Million Mom March’ against our 2nd Amendment rights apparently is beginning to have a perverse impact even in the Southern States. For example, in Alabama the recent legislative session witnessed several bills that, had they passed, would have restricted our gun ownership rights.
Though the League is not primarily a 2nd Amendment organisation (for that we recommend our friends at Gun Owners of America, 8001 Forbes Place, Ste. 102, Springfield, Virginia 22151; (703) 321-8585; www.gun owners.org), we do take great interest in preserving this essential liberty. Without means to defend our other rights under the 2nd Amendment, we cannot be a free people. It is instructive to read what our forebears and some of our contemporaries have said on the subject:
7 ask, sir, what is the militia ? It is the whole people... .To disarm the people, that is the
(continued on p. 10)
LS/LDA LONG-DISTANCE PLAN:
SAVE MONEY/MAKE MORE MONEY FOR THE LEAGUE—COMMISSION
RATE NOW 7 PERCENT
LDA provides long distance services for a host of conservative, Christian, and Southern heritage organisations. LDA will place you with a long distance service that does not support anti-Southern causes. You will be guaranteed a minimum of 10%, 20%, 30% or more in long distance savings, or DOUBLE YOUR MONEY BACK.
In addition, each month LDA will NOW donate 7% of your long distance usage (in the form of a check) to The League of the South.
If you are not happy, they will switch you back at no cost
—	Businesses can switch over their 800 number and save BIGI
—	Dial 1 long distance service and easy to use calling cards with no surcharge per call.
—	Six-second incremental billing; pay only for what you use.
—	Not limited to League of the South members. Sign up others and help The League.
—	Generate monthly contributions from LDA to The League of the South to help advance our cause.
Based on a 5% donation from LDA to the League on an average $25.00 monthly residential long distance bill, the League's commission is $15 per average contributor per year— a very conservative projection, since many residential and commercial monthly long distance bills are much larger than $25.00 (AND THE COMMISSION RATE IS NOW 7%).
With 400 LDA sign-ups, the monthly<commission to the League would be $500.00 and the annual commission $6,000. With 1,000 sign-ups, the monthly commission would jump to $1,350 and the annual to $15,000! Please consider switching your long distance carrier to LDA. Call David Williams at (800) 535-0757 for more info or to sign up.
New Sign-Ups with LDA & League Commissions
The following are new sign-ups with the LDA/League of the South long distance program during April & May: Ben Riggs-Blytheville, Arkansas; John M. Christensen, Jr.-Cassville, IMissouri; Sandra R. Loftis-Travelers Rest, South Carolina; Alberta Martin-Elba, Alabama; Tony Davis-Ashland, Alabama; Lonnie Griffin-Bayboro, North Carolina; James C. Johnson, Jr.-Cleveland, South Carolina;William K. Bassett-Castalian Springs, Tennessee; Dean Hoekstra-Niceville, Florida; Daniel Martin-Toms River, New Jersey; Samuel R. Morris, Jr.-Fayetteville, Tennessee.
Commissions paid The League of the
South by LDA since the program’s inception in October 1997 total $3,837.39. Commissions from the past twelve months ending May 2000 total $2,102.50.
Careful ‘Charity’
Before you volunteer your services or write out that check to the March of Dimes (MOD), be sure you know what you are supporting. Most pro-life advocates have been boycotting the March of Dimes for twenty years. The American Life League’s web site (www.all.org/sitemap.htm) alleges that the MOD practices what amounts to negative eugenics (engineering a superior human population by aborting the ‘defective’), promoting fetal tissue research, and worse. It concludes
(2ndAmendment...continuedfrom p. 9)
best and most effective way to enslave them.'—George Mason
‘What country can preserve its liberties if the rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms.’—Thomas Jefferson
‘The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms, is a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.’—Thomas Jefferson
‘Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. When you give up that force, you are ruined.’—Patrick Henry
‘Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword because the whole body of people are armed and constitute a force far superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretext, raised in the United States.’— Noah Webster
‘You ’ll know that they’ve got Williams’s guns when you hear that Williams is dead.'— Walter Williams, syndicated columnist
‘Americans who value freedom had better be more concerned about the gun control crowd than the criminals. The criminals want your money. The Neo-Totalitarians want your freedom.’—Charley Reese, syndicated columnist
with the question, ‘Why does an organization that claims to care for mothers, fathers, and healthy babies corn tinue to be publicly silent but privately involved in procured abortion and fetal tissue harvesting?’
B
atriot
Around the League ...
Jack Kershaw and Lucien Dale announce the formation of The Southern Bar Association, recently incorporation in Nashville. Its purpose is to give a proper, Southern Constitutional interpretation of the law. Membership is $25 per year. Cheques should be made out to the SBA and mailed to 121 30th Avenue South, Nashville, Tennessee 37205. We encourage all League attorneys to join.
The League of the South proudly announces the availability of membership certificates. The certificates beautifully display the Confederate Seal and a gold certificate seal, and are suitable for framing. For a very rough idea of how it looks, see graphic on p. 9. Order form is on inside front cover. Each is signed by League President, Michael Hill and Recorder, L.J. Mowery. Get yours today for only $15.00 plus $1.00 shipping.
The Sandhills Chapter (Larry Smith, Chairman) of the Florida League of the South hosted a General Edmund Kirby Smith Memorial Birthday Barbecue on Saturday, 20 May in Ebro, Florida. The gathering was the subject of a favourable article in the The News Herald in Panama City, and raised over $200 to be put toward a Hedge School Seminar—the next project of the Sandhills Chapter.
For the first time ever, the LS cooperated with the Alabama SCV and UDC in sponsoring the annual Jefferson Davis Birthday Celebration at the State Capitol in Montgomery. About 300 people attended. The press coverage was surprisingly good,
and the mayor’s office even sent a welcoming representative.
The League welcomes two new State Chairmen: Emmett Jones in Arkansas (501) 470-1388; and Chris Chamberlin in Louisiana (504) 818-2288. We thank outgoing chairs Steve Westerfield (Arkansas) and Kenny Ashford (Louisiana) for their service to the cause.
Jay Mowery, Chairman of the South Carolina LS, has announced the appointment of Lake High, Jr, as director of the No Votes for Turncoats project. Lake will be responsible for compiling a target list of South Carolina lawmakers to defeat at the polls in November. For more information, visit the SC web site: www. palmetto.org. Free ‘No Votes’ bumper stickers are available to South Carolina addresses.
The Stonewall Jackson Chapter (Holly Walker, Chairman) of the Virginia LS recently met in Harrisonbuig to elect officers. A videotaped talk by Lloyd Sprinkle (of Sprinkle Publications) entitled ‘Patrick Henry: Momingstar of the Confederacy,’ is available on videotape from the Virginia LS office or from savedixie@aol.com.
The William Quantrill Chapter (Steve Kauffman, Chairman) of the New York LS held its annual meeting in May in Elmira (site of the infamous prisoner-of-war camp). Vice Chairman John Chodes led a mini-hedge school on ‘The Constitution and State Sovereignty.’ John has developed a script for teaching states’ rights to non-academics and reports that his approach led to
11
‘a long discussion even though the people there had little knowledge of the subject before they got there.’
Provisional Chairman Tim Harris of the Maryland LS, hosted a table and represented the League of the South at Point Lookout, 10 June. Contact Tim (ComerofDixie@cs.com) if you are a Marylander interested in forming an active state chapter.
The Southeast Georgia Chapter (Jack Lipthratt, Chairman) of the LS held an organizational meeting in late April. Twice as many people attended as were expected.
Michael Hill was the guest speaker at the 134th Decoration Day at Friendship Cemetery in Columbus, Mississippi, the site of the very first Decoration Day. The event was co-sponsored by the SCV, UDC, and the Children of the Confederacy. Hill addressed the William Barksdale Camp (Jerry Franks, Commander) of the SCV that evening. Friendship Cemetery Corporation is seeking national landmark status, a move that Franks’s camp members think might result in the removal of the battle flag. The flag has flown in Friendship Cemetery since April 1862 when more than 2,000 Confederate soldiers who died at Shiloh were buried there.
LS member Keith Hall organised a Southern Heritage Rally after Pickens County, Alabama officials denied citizens the right to place a Memorial Day wreath honouring Confederate dead at the county court house in Carrollton. Seventy to eighty people attended the rally held 9 June in Gordo.
♦ ♦♦
Calendar...
The LSI in conjunction with the Virginia League of the South is pleased to announce the following Hedge Schools to be held near Harrisonburg, Virginia, located in the historic Shenandoah Valley: ‘Rethinking Lincoln’-19 August; ‘Southern Litera-ture/Southem Agrarianism‘-18 November. Dr. William Wilson, Associate Director of the LSI, will be the instructor. Please contact Virginia LS Chairman, Steve Flora, at savedixie @aol.com, for information and registration.
The Louisiana League of the South has tentative plans to hold its annual meeting in Lafayette (the heart of Cajun country) 26 August. For more information, call state chairman, Chris Chamberlin, at (504) 818-2288.
The Missouri League of the South will hold its annual conference September 8-9 at the Holiday Inn, Cape Girardeau. Speakers will be Michael Hill, Donnie Kennedy, and Franklin Sanders. A memorial service following the meeting will be held at the Confederate Soldiers Monument. More information can be found on the Missouri website, www.4noel.com/ freemissouri, or by calling Keith O’Connell at (314) 966-0897.
The Upcountry (South Carolina) Chapter of the LS will host a Hedge School in Pendleton, South Carolina, September 16. Donald Livingston, Ph.D., & Winston McCuen, Ph.D., will speak on John Calhoun & Abraham Lincoln. For more information, contact Scott Goldsmith: JSGold 1958 @aol.com.
The Alabama Confederate Heritage Society, a newly formed groifp in the Tuscaloosa area, will host a conference, ‘The Christian Character of the Old South,’ and a Confederate ball in Thscaloosa, 16 September. Speakers will be Dr Morton Smith and Rev. Eugene Case. Space is limited. Tickets are $25 per individual or $40 per family. Send cheque or money order made out to ACHS to: Buddy Hanson, Treasurer, 2 Windsor Drive, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35404.
Please see details on p. 5 for The LS National Conference (7th Annual) to be held 13-14 October.
Notice: LS State Chairmen should contact webmaster Jeff McCormack at jeff@point south.com whenever you have details regarding events, meetings, or new chapter formation.
Presidential Pledge Fund...
The Board of Directors continues its special plea for support, from those who have already been so generous, for funds to allow Dr Hill to pay fulltime attention to the business of the League. We are asking for pledges for three years. These will be tax-deductible contributions to the League of the South Institute. Either 200 members pledging $25 per month, 100 members at $50 per month, or 50 members at $100 will guarantee the League can survive and go forward. Please return your pledge form for whatever you are willing as soon as possible. You will then be mailed a personalised ‘coupon book’ to simplify monthly record-keeping.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH INSTITUTE (LSI) PRESIDENTIAL FUND PLEDGE
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $______,	a	one-time	donation.
Enclosed is (cheque/money order) for $_, and I pledge $________
per (month/year).
Name_________________________________________________
Address____________________________________
City______________________________ State___________Zip_________
Telephone (___________)_______________________
Please make cheque or money order payable to the Mary Noel Kershaw Foundation and designate it for the LSI Fund. Clip & mail to the MNK Foundation, PO Box 41012, Nashville, TN 37204. All donations to the MNK Foundation are tax-deductible.