"And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven;..." Matt. 16:19
JUNE
"...I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom." Ps.35:13
1989
A MINISTRY OF FASTING AND PRAYER
1 ' ! Mission of the king r
(501) 947-2220	P.O. BOX98. SLUE MOUKiTfolN:
Have you wondered why the Christians are seemingly helpless against America's declining morals? Do you wonder why we don't have national victory over national sins? Would you like to stop abortion? Would you like to have criminals punished for their crimes? Would you like to stop the graft and corruption in our government? Do you have problems in your personal life? And would you like to see a simple biblical solution for those problems? Well, it can happen!!
After studying Scripture and historical evidence, we have come to the conclusion that the only way to turn our country back to God’s good Graces is 2Cron. 7:14 properly applied. We have only begun to uncover the evidence which verifies the truth and timeliness of this message. This is a message which teaches and encourages action.
The purpose of this ministry is to revive our true Christian religion, which shaped the foundation of America and is virtually untaught today. The primary subject is ’fasting and prayer.’ The secondary subject is health and Common Law (Biblical Law).
We have studied the subject of fasting for about ten years and continue in the research of its 4 Christian principles. We have obtained the most incredible information and documentation ever gathered on this subject. This includes _ sermons on fasting starting in the late 1500’s. They show the recorded miracles which occurred when the ’Christian Bod/ joined together in fasting, prayer and repentance. They also show the Biblical principles which are untaught by modern day theologians. This information has been verified by our recorded history.
I am trying to reach all of concerned Christian America, including ministers and students of the Bible. We are available to speak to Christian groups and churches on these subjects.
The health aspect of our ministry is also different from most, in that it is common sense adherence to natural law, which is virtually untaught in the health movement. We do not sell gimmicks or cures in bottles; we only teach the simple truth. This includes control over body weight, and removing causes of disease.
This ministry is dedicated to teaching the principles and results of our research through 'The Missing Key." Fasting is covered in its three aspects; historical, Biblical and physical. The benefits to the readers are learning, understanding and practicing the Christian methods of fasting which is a personal benefit; spiritual and physical. The added benefit is for the Christian body; to help our brothers and sisters in need. This will bring national benefit. Revival must begin on a personal level. To help in this effort, we have begun a network of Christians all around America willing to fast and pray for personal and national burdens; in accordance with Isaiah 58:6. We begin each Saturday by reading Isaiah 58. Would you be willing in joining us (in spirit) each Saturday to help our brothers and sisters in need?
Hope you enjoy reading this newsletter. If you have received a free copy of "The Missing Key" please send a small donation so we may be able to continue spreading this knowledge to others. If you have any question or comments we would like to hear from you.
"The Missing Key" newsletter is sent to all who support this ministry with a regular monthly support of $5. or more. Any support of any kind is appreciated. We accept cash, stamps, and silver; please do not send checks. 0
With the lunitic problems of America "Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting!" (Matt. 17:21)
THE ENEMIES WORST NIGHTMARE!
If we take heed to Jonah's Message!
Gee tings in the name of our
Father YAH (Ps.68:4). This month we have had no outside requests for fasting and prayer. Let me emphasize again; one of the primary purposes of this ministry is not only to teach prayer and fasting, but to practice what we teach. I know there are many brothers and sisters with personal problems in their lives. There are also those who feel a burden for our dying nation. Problems like back-biting, marital problems, physical problems, national problems, incarcerations, or fear of coming out of Babylon. It is up to you to write to me about these troubles and afflictions, so that we may assemble together spiritually each Saturday for prayer and fasting.
It is obvious there are many brothers and sisters among us that do not understand nor believe, in their hearts, the power in this method of prayer. They say with their lips they believe, but with their actions they say they do
NOT. In such cases (unbelief) "this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting." If you know we are available and fail to contact us, what complaints do you have? This is a body ministry of action. There are many hurting unnecessarily in this land. If you are part of the Christian body, we are here for YOU.
When Christ walked the earth, crouds came out of the woodwork to be healed physically and spiritually. They saw His works and believed. He said, "blessed are they that have not seen and yet believe." Do you believe He will heal you and our nation? "You have not because you ask not." We and other Christians around America await your prayer request. If you would like to be a part of this network please let us know.
(Romans 8:19) "For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God."
1
In Webster’s 1828 dictionary we find; ’manifestation*-" The act of disclosing what is secret, unseen or obscure; discovery to the eye or to the understanding: the exhibition of anything by clear evidence; display; as the manifestation of God’s power in creation.” Can die Christians not see that prayer and fasting will manifest God’s power? Also see ’manifest*- "To reveal; to make appear; to show plainly; to make public.” How simple can you get? We must do more than talk about prayer and fasting; we must practice it. If we don’t who will? It’s time to demonstrate. All God’s creatures are waiting upon us. Our Father wants us to make requests of Him so that He can MANIFEST His works in us. We request "The Body" ask our Father for His blessings on the mountain in July; to make our numbers great, and give us the knowledge, wisdom and strength to come out of Babylon. Then to prepare us for the coming troubled times in America.
3,000 CHINESE EAST
In the May 18th issue of the Arkansas Gazette (and in most other controlled publications across America) the major headline was "One Million Chinese Take to the Streets." The reason one million Chinese took to the streets was to give support for over three thousand students who were fasting for Democracy". The fast lasted seven days!
Well, what can we learn from this?
#L Three thousand Chinese students fasted for a few days and caught the attention of the whole world. That is the power of the pagans through fasting. Think of what the Christians could do if we could only wake up out of our apathy and get together to not only fast but to fast, pray and repent. Christ said "Nothing shall be impossible unto you." What are we waiting for?
#2. The newspaper I read, also stated that the fast was a hunger strike. It showed pictures of the Chinese students being tube fed to keep them alive after three days into their fast. Anyone who has read "The Missing Key" for any length of time should be able to see through this nonsense. This is exactly the kind of tactics the media uses to mislead people about fasting. This kind of propaganda teaches Christians that it is dangerous to fast They misrepresent the term by calling it a hunger strike. The fact of the matter is, fasting and hunger are not synonymous terms. Then again who ever gave the controlled media credit for having knowledge or truth?
For those of you who do not know us personally, I would like to inform you that my wife who is 5*4" and weighs 113 lbs. did a forty day fast on nothing but distilled water, and did not need to be tube fed. She received numerous benefits as a result of this experience with no harmful effects. Though I would not recommend a lengthy fast
for someone who has no knowledge of how the body handles such a condition. The point I am trying to make is that to tube feed these pagans after only three days of fasting is either absolute deception or absolute ignorance.
#3. These pagan Chinese believed they were putting their lives on the line for Democracy. How much more does this show the apathy of the Christian who refuse to pray and fast for our country and ourselves, as commanded by our King Christ. Especially when understanding that their lives would not be at stake, but would have benefits; physically, mentally and spiritually (when done properly). To those who refuse to fast (which is a Christian duty according to Noah Webster 1828), reflect on these Scriptural words. "They worship Me with their lips but their hearts are far from Me." "Who’s god is their belly and their end is destruction."
What a shame that three thousand pagan Chinese are fasting for DEMONocrocy while Christians who are commanded by Yah Himself to fast and pray as a fundamental principle of our religion, sit on their apathetic rump and watch our Triune Republic be destroyed. We have been totally ineffective as the salt of the earth. What a hypocritical religion we practice in Christian America today. We have the form and name of Christian but as a people we do not have the power of God. This is due to the lack of fasting and our rebellion to our Father. Is it any wonder we have so many unbelievers in our country? Can’t the Christians see that the cure for unbelief is* fasting and prayer (Matt. 17)?
It is the Christians that are required by Yah to lead and set the examples. Yet it is the pagan Chinese that have come together to fast for what they believe in. This should make every Christian blush with shame to see the "works" of the pagans, or have we lost our ability to blush?
Three thousand pagans came together to fast and drew the support of one million other pagans, and gained the attention of the world. Who could imagine what would happen if all the Christians in America would come
together in ’prayer, fasting aTi(j repentance’? Scriptures like Isaiah 58:6, 2Cron.7:14 and others, would come to pass. Is there a Christian out there who thinks our God would not respond to "His chosen fast?" 1 pray our solemn assembly in July will draw millions of Christians to Mt. Magazine here in Arkansas; especially after seeing the results of what three thousand pagans can accomplish through "fasting for Democracy."
Every week I hear of revival in this land, yet the only thing that becomes revived is the pocket-book of the phony preachers. America will never be revived until it first begins on an individual basis with fasting, prayer and repentance. Are you ready for revival?
It will be interesting to see how many Christians are willing to come together in prayer and fasting for not only ourselves but for our country and our posterity. This should be a visual barometer of the strength or weakness
of the Christians in America. S
ISKINHEAD
GATHERING
As many of you may already know, I was invited to speak at a Shinhead gathering this May. I was informed that many people would pray and fast for the ’Skinheads’ to receive my message. I thank you for those prayers and fasting.
Those prayers were truly answered! When I spoke to them I was very surprised to see that I was well received and was given complete attention while speaking. I found most of them to be hungry for the truth. They wanted to hear about the
2
mechanics of fasting and the benefits of it. Maybe next time they’ll want to hear more about the Bible and fasting.
Many Christians have criticized the Skinhead viewpoints, their tactic and their manner of dress. I must say that it was certainly an experience for me to attend their gathering. I also want to say that I consider it an opportunity to be able to speak to these young men and women. Rather than criticizes this youth group, I challenge the true Christian to show the youth of this nation, by example, the leadership they need. These young adults can see through the hypocritical Christian.
It is time for Christians to wake up. The day of the apathetic and hypocritical Christian is over. It is not our heritage but it will be our death. Make no mistake: The Christians are at war and everyone knows it but the Christians that are laid back and in apathy. Perhaps we should learn a lesson from the following old song.
WHEN THE BATTLE’S OVER
These young men have unity and energy like I’ve never seen in Christian churches. They have a desire for knowledge and the guts to act on what they learn. I am looking forward to my next opportunity to teach these young, knowledge hungry, and energetic youths. It is true that many Skinheads lack the knowledge and understanding of our history, our Laws and our culture, but then again when you were their age, how much did you know about our history, Laws and culture? If the Christians do not teach these voung warriors, then who is left to guide them in the path that they should go? Many may fall victim to deceitful teachers and profiteers. These young men need our continued prayers and fasting for guidance, knowledge and wisdom.
Am / a soldier of the cross, a follower of the Lamb, And shad I fear to own His cause, or blush to speak His name ?
Must I be carried to the skies on flow)* beds of ease. While others fought to win the prir& And sailed thro’ bloody seas?
Alt there no foes far me to face? Must LJUH Stem the flood? Is this vile world (Ljncnd to trace to hHp me on to Godl
Sure I must fight if I would reig% In*
nty courage. Lord: Id bear the
endure the pain, supported by Thy word
Chorus:
And when the battles over we shall wear a crown! M

Let’s be a peculiar people and get ofTST"
treadmill!
|j| HOW DO WE TAKE ACTION?
-■.....■—
#1. Of course we begin with prayer and fasting. #2. We get ourselves into condition; spiritually, mentally and physically. #3. Either lead, follow or get out of the way.
There are many youths as well as adults that need to be taught the Bible, our organic Laws and our Christian culture. It is up to each one of us to determine where our strengths and weaknesses are, then act on them. There is no room for pretenders any longer. Take the time to teach and train or submit yourself to be taught and trained while there is still time.
If anyone reading this article, would like to know more about our organic Laws and learn the proper method for coming out of Babylon please contact me for books and literature. Re member; those who will not read are no better than those who cannot read.
Most Christians have yet to realize we are in a Battle in this land. Many have been sitting on the side-lines too long, and as a result the few who are on the firing lines are weakened by lack of forces and support. It is time for all of us to gather together and pray, fast and repent with action and not just lip service. It is time to study our history, our Laws and our Bible. ("My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge.")
0
SURVIVAL ON
MT. MAGAZINE m
All those attending the assembly for prayer and fasting on Mt. Magazine are encouraged to ponder the following suggestions. It is my intention to see that this is "the fast that God has chosen", and not a survival or an endurance test for the ignorant.
3
First, I expect it to be quite hot on top of this mountain. If you want shade I encourage you to bring it with you (umbrellas, tarps or whatever).
The meeting place is a field without trees. So please, take my advise and begin to spend a little time each day in the sun to get accustomed to the heat and the sun-rays. I have just come back from an outdoor meeting where this was not practiced and there were many people that received bad sunburns, including my wife and myself. Expect it to get hot! You might also want to bring sun screen; especially those of you who are more fragile and spend most of your time in air conditioning.
Another important point I would like to bring out is that each person is responsible for himself, but on the other hand it is also our responsibility to help our brothers and sisters if we can. I would encourage everyone on the mountain to stay within speaking range of each other as there may be elderly (and not so elderly) people on this mountain that may be on their knees for a long period of time and may need assistance in getting to their feet Fasting often results in weakness or dizziness when trying to stand up from a kneeling, sitting or squatting position. This is normal when a person is not fully healthy. So please do not hesitate to ask me or any other Christian for help.
Other things that you may find handy to have would be rain gear, jacket (in case it does get cool at night) tooth brush, sleeping bags and tents, ground cloth for the tent and/or a nylon tarp for the ground or over head for shelter, and a minimum of one gallon of distilled water per day, per person. You can either make it yourself or pick it up at the store (steam distilled is best). This should be enough water for drinking and washing your face once a day. Bring towels and wash cloths. You may want bug repellent. Bring a flash light or lantern, portable chairs and blankets.
There is a rock query next to the field, which can be used to cool off in the heat of the afternoon. One thing I’d
like to remind all the women of; that is to leave all jewelry, make-up and fancy hair-do at home.
Last month it was suggested that you bring a shovel since there are no outhouses on this site. One gentleman referred to this as being a crude method. So there will be no misunderstanding, I do not expect anyone to build a trench in the field in view of other Christians for the purpose of elimination. I expect common sense to be used and take a stroll in the woods. There are plenty of trees on the outskirts of the field for privacy. (The location of this field is in the midst of thousands of acres of heavily wooded forest.) You can also bring a tarp or some kind of cover to drape around some trees for additional privacy. In addition, if that is not suitable there are camp sites about five minute drive away with suitable outhouses. I apologize for not having portable out-houses on the site, but we cannot afford to rent them. If anyone is led to donate for this purpose move quickly. We only have a few more days to prepare. Otherwise we will do it the way the ancient Israelites did it when they fled Egypt, minus the complaints. (Remember they were in the wilderness for forty years. We will only be there for three days.)
I advise eveiyone to camp with us at the field. This will eliminate the distraction of driving and dealing with the outside world for these three days. By camping with us you will also avoid the temptation of breaking the fast prematurely. However; if you must, there is a nice, reasonably priced (between $20. and $25.) and dean hotel in Paris (15.6 miles north of the fast site) called the ’Sunshine Inn’ 1405 E. Walnut, Paris Arkansas 72855. (501) 963-2236. There are also several campsites on the mountain between five and twenty minute drive from the fast site. These will accommodate trailers but no hook-ups are available. They are first come first serve campsites, so come early since it is a holiday week-end.
If you arrive after 6 pm. on Sunday please show curtesy to those who are in prayer. Just find yourself a spot and join in. Everyone is encouraged to
fellowship, after six pm. Wednesday.

m

FASTING
3 DAY P
I
Many have asked me to give a brief outline to help in the 3 day fast this July 2, to the 5.
This month I will give such an outline on the subject. I believe it will greatly benefit those who have never fasted before. Please keep in mind that each person is responsible for himself.
This is my brief personal view of the mechanics of a three day fast The prindples presented before you here can and should be applied to fasts of one to three days in length. In fasts of four days or more it would be wise to take the time for more study and a stricter adherence to the following plan.
First, I would like to point out that if you are under a physicians care and/or on medication (DRUGS), it would be wise to consult your physician before undertaking a fast of any length. He may have to make slight alterations in your medications. He may not allow you to fast at all.
Due to my past experiences, it is wise to make it as easy as possible on yourself by eating only fruit a couple of days before the fast. Stay away from tobacco, coffee, alcohol, tea, juice, and soda etc.etc.. Stick with fruit in its raw natural state. It is very important to eat light the day we start the fast. Loading yourself down with heavy meals will cause the food to ferment in your stomach, which in turn may give you undue stomach problems during the three days of fasting. You may want to bring a cooler with fresh fruit to break the fast, or bring apples, oranges or watermelon or some kind of fruit that does not require refrigeration (pick it up the day of the fast). 1 would advise not leaving this fruit in your car, but either under your car or in a shaded area.
Fasting is one of the quickest ways to increase the elimination of wastes that has been building up in the body for
4
Fasting is one of the quickest ways to increase the elimination of wastes that has been building up in the body for years. This build-up is due to improper food, improper air, stress, etc. It will also enhance the reparative process of the body, by allowing the body the condition to do its job without the burden of digestion (the body is self healing).
All fasts are different. Even in the same person each fast may be different depending on the condition of the body. It also depends on the state of mind. Your current diet, age, level of stress, health, and time of year. All affect the fast. In short, no two fasts are likely to be the same.
Scientific research into the subject of fasting has existed at least since the early 1900’s. Medical journals have carried articles on the benefits of fasting in diabetes, epilepsy, obesity, psychological illnesses, arthritis, heart disease, skin disease, and toxic poisoning. I would recommend your own research into this subject. You’ll be amazed at its results, physically and spiritually.
A short fasts of one to three days is a chance for the body to acquire optimal rest; mentally and physically. If you have been fasting on Saturdays with us, this is your double blessing, spiritual and physical. If you haven’t been fasting on Saturdays, perhaps this will encourage you to begin. This is an opportunity to begin building health instead of building disease. It is the best time to break addictions to sugar, salt, caffeine, tobacco, etc. etc..
Don’t expect all of your additions and ailments to be removed on this short fast. Although longer fasts are required for deeper rooted problems and addictions, they should be supervised if you are inexperienced. Short fasts are generally safe. However^ still advise caution not to take a short fast too lightly.
I have studied fasting for about ten years and have supervised fasts of up to forth days. Even when doing a short fast of three days, I recommend caution. I cannot emphasize this enough. If you have any questions feel free to come to me, before the fast begins. I will be than happy to give you my opinions.
FASTING VERSES • STARVING 1®
Many people may think that the terms fasting and starving are synonymous. They are not! I have practiced fasting for many years and I can assure you I have never starved myself. When Christ fasted His forty days notice the way the Bible teaches it. (Matt. 4: 1-4) Christ fasted forty days and then He became hungry.
There are two separate and distinct processes of going without food. Fasting continues as long as the body is able to support itself on the stored reserves within its tissues. Fasting for reasonable periods of time, improves your physical condition and often allows the body to restore itself to good health. It is beneficial to the body, mind and spirit. Starvation begins when abstinence is carried beyond the stored reserves. Starving is harmful to the human body. Starving, in effect, is the process of dying.
It is important to have a good mental outlook on a fast, especially "the fast that God has chosen." The benefits will include reduced weight, clearer skin, tissue repair, decreased pain and inflammation, increased concentration, clearer eye sight, cleaner blood, which helps in thinking clearer. This three day fast is an excellent time to quit your addictions to caffine, nedtine, alcohol, salt and sugar. If we are going to be serious about this fast this is the time to get off the drugs. The greatest advantage is it puts you in control of your health. It also puts you in control of humbling yourself before God. This will increase your spiritual awareness.
The best water to take during this fast would be steamed distilled water because this is the purest water available to us. Many people think they need mineral water. This is false! The minerals in water is unusable by the body. These minerals are inorganic and not the organic form we need. These are obtained through our fruits, vegetables, nuts and seeds. The only
thing you need in water is pure water. There are three main purposes for pure water: #1. It is a coolent to maintain body temperature. This is why it is important to have pleanty of water on the mountain. #2. Water is used as a transportation medium or as a solvent. It is used to carry impurities or toxins out of your body, either through the urine or through sweat. #3. It is also used to transfer nutrients around your body and to help assimilate what you eat. So as you can see you do not digest water as you would food. There is no need for minerals in water. Drink only the amount that thirst will dictate. Some people think that the more water you drink the more benefit you will gain. This is not true. You will over work your kidneys by practicing this.
Another interesting point about water. According to Franklin Hall "The drinking of water does not prevent one from drawing closer to God. Water is pure; and is a type of Salvation, and of the Holy Spirit. (John 4:14) Water, unlike corruptible food, evaporates into the atmosphere, while food goes back to the earth. Water is not stimulating while food is. Food feeds the appetites of carnality; water does not.”
The least amount of exercise done on the mountain the better. Try to conserve your energy to maximize your cleansing; both spiritually and physically. The less we tax our body’s system the better off we will be. Frequent naps are not uncommon, but stay out of the sun while napping. Take naps as often as you feel the need. You may notice less sleep at night, which is a great time for prayer. Others may sleep more. Everyone is different.
I would encourage cleansing your skin a few times a day with either water you bring, or down at the query. Do not use very cold water for your skin or for drinking. Drink it cool! This is important to clean the toxins off your skin, which is an eliminating organ. Please, let’s watch each other and help each other. Even squatting down to wash your face should be done carefully and slowly. Sudden rising could cause dizziness or black-outs. So let's help each other out. Please do not hesitate to ask for assistance. I
would advise against the use of deodorants, soaps, sprays, detergents and synthetic shampoos. They will only hinder the deansing process by dogging your pours. It is also important to note that the body temperature and blood pressure, pulse and respiratory rate will decrease during a fast. This is your inherent body wisdom conserving fuel. Do all you can to maintain as comfortable a body temperature as possible day and night.
Most people eat unhealthy foods, and because die body is trying to restore health during a fast, you will be living on and eliminating stored up poisons in your system. It will be common to experience a few discomforts such as head-aches, dizziness, nausea, coated tongue, bad breath, bad body odor, mucous discharge, mild palpitations, weakness, sore legs, bad attitude, preoccupation with thoughts of food (Try to keep your thoughts toward your soul and not your stomach.) and most of all, millions of excuses to break the fast. If you experience these symptoms it is an indication of your unhealthy
condition. 0
SPIRA1UAL jlj SUPPORT REQUESTED
We encourage those of you who cannot be present on the mountain to join us in spirit You may want to gather an assembly in your own area at the same time.
We want to give a special thanks to those who have been led by the Spirit of God to support us in thus ministry. Without you there would be no fasting and prayer research going on from
Blue Mountain, Arkansas. L3
LETTERS OF INTEREST
An answer to ’ prayer:
Dear Billy,
Greetings to you in Christ! May this find you well in all respects.
Thank you for fasting on my behalf, as I felt much better this past month. Praise Yah!
I copied (that is, I had copies made) of the Christian Proclamation that you sent me; I’m sending it out to as many pastors and people that I can.
-L.V. New York-
EDITORS NOTE
We have received a few inquiries from New York. Who knows what Almighty Yah will do with the seeds we plant.
Dear Billy & Anna,
Just a note to say "hi", and tell you how much I enjoyed visiting you at Blue Mountain last January.
I arrived back out here in California about mid-January, and have been busy reading and studying the books I got from you. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that we, as Yahweh’s people in the eartH~His very offspring in the earth, should be fasting regularly and living the principles of natural Hygiene in our daily lives. I don’t think that it is possible to really "get right" with out Heavenly Father until we do, hence the importance of your mission in getting out this vital knowledge and information. It has been neglected for far too long, hence we are indeed sick—as individuals and as a nation.
I was very moved and inspired by the last issue of "The Missing Key." It is good to have a "preacher of old" in
our midst once again! I am sharing your newsletters with Pastor _ and his wife, and they have started fasting on a regular basis. They are already experiencing benefits--more energy,improved eyesight, etc.
Well, guess I’ll say goodbye for now. I hope that I will be able to fast with you in July at Blue Mountain. In the meantime, I’ll be joining with you in spirit on Saturday’s. Yah bless you both.
-R.R. California-
PSdireciton to :itf
■THE .MOUNTAIN I:
The following large map will aid you from Ft. Smith or from Little Rock.
FROM FT. SMITH
If you are coming from Ft. Smith take Hwy. 23 South from Ozark to Rt. 22. At Rt. 22 make a left (east) and head toward Paris. Once you get to Paris in the center of town pick up 309 South. Follow 309 South for 15.6 miles. There you will find red white and blue banners on a dirt road on the right (west) side of 309.
FROM LITTLE ROCK
Follow I 40 west to the second Russelville exit. You will want to pick up Hwy. 7 South. Follow Hwy 7 for about 10 minutes to Rt. 22. Take Rt. 22 east to Paris. Once you get to Paris in the center of town pick up 309 South. Follow 309 South for 15.6 miles. There you will find red white and blue banners on a dirt road on the right (west) side of 309.
If you happen to be coming from the south end of the mountain the highways and roads are smaller. There is a way to the site from the south. That would be Rt. 309 headed north from Rt 10 in Havana. The site is 11.5 miles north from Rt. 10. Again, it will be marked with red, white and blue banners on the left side of the road.



IMon-*|
> White Rock QK jlonebn n
Hobbs
Springs'
Clarksville M
iz/riOA
Apptoton]
SffiUPJH?,
(i.
______1 i. (ft
tBonanu
NATIONAL
Burnvll
Hunllnion
Abbott

(501) 947-2220
MT. MAGAZINE RECREATION AREA
Fast Gmh
BROWN SPAIN AS
PaAiS
OVERLOOK
EAST
END
OVERLOOK
HAVANA
OVfNUpOK
Jeui

The smaller map is a more detailed map of the area. It shows\where there are several campgrounds. If you have any questions concerningytnese instruction please da not hesitate to call.
\
Y
\
SEE YOU AT THE SOLEMN ASSEMBLY ON TOP OF MT. MAGAZINE IN BODY AND SPIRIT!
7
Other publications by Billy Hurd
These are small booklets but they are loaded with dynamite.
Preparation for the Holy War - This booklet tells the stories and accounts of mighty men of valor. Just as Gideon had overwhelming odds against him in battle, so did other mighty men of valor have those great odds against them. Men like William the Conqueror and others. This booklet gives examples of his battles along with other great Christian warriors. It shows the power and the miracles they received through prayer and fasting before battle. ($3.00 donation)
Keys to the Kingdom of Heaven - This booklet gives the Biblical explanation of what the Keys to the Kingdom of Heaven are. It shows clearly how we as Christians are responsible to use this Key to change the world. (Just like the Apostles did.) It also shows evidence of why the Christians today have no power. (Matt chapters 16 and 17) ($3.00 donation)
Diseases of the Two Bodies - Here is an easy to understand explanation of the relationship between the Christian body and the human body. It shows the necessity of operating in harmony with the other members of the body of Christ. There is a simple Biblical solution to the problem of division we are faced with today. ($3.00 donation)
God’s Call to Weeping and Mourning - The main body of this booklet comes from a sermon preached before the House of Commons, assembled in Parliament in London, England, by John Whincop in 1644. Not 1944 but 1644. You will be amazed at the similar problems and sins those people had. However; those Christians dealt with their problems in a very different way; which you’ll see as you read this fascinating booklet. ($5.00 donation)
The Mechanics of a Short Fast - This booklet tells you what you can expect during a short fast (between 1 and 10 days). What to watch for and how to break the fast correctly. ($3.00 donation)
The Day Christ Returns - This booklet contains strong meat. It is not for the lukewarm Christian, nor for the Christian who only wants to be feed with milk. It is a Biblical look at what it might be like the day Christ returns and finds His servants sleeping and doing our their own thing as most of us are. ($3.00 donation)
If you are interested in Law books or course material, to aid you in removing the shakels of Babylon. I will send you a price list free of charge, upon request. It is essential to learn the proper method of coming out of a Babylonian system. I believe this to be the best Law material in the country. It was Thomas Jefferson that said "If you want to be ignorant and free you want something that cannot be."
Please add 20% for postage and handling. Inquire about quantity orders.
(Cash or Postal Money Orders ONLY)
We do not use banks since they are involved in usury (interest), a violation of Biblical Law.
AUDIO HEALTH TAPES AVAILABLE FOR A DONATION OF $4.00 EACH. VIDEOS AVAILABLE FOR A DONATION OF $25.00. PLEASE ADD 20% FOR POSTAGE.
#1 IS FREEDOM FROM SICKNESS POSSIBLE? ................. T.C.FRY
#2 ANIMAL FOODS, SECOND HAND FOODS .........DR	RALPH	C.CINQUE
#3 HOW TO BUY ORGANICALLY GROWN FOODS ........DR J. GAMBREL
#4 THE CASB AGAINST FATS AND OIL ...................... T.C.FRY
#5 SECURING OPTIMUM NUTRITION IN TODAY’S FOOD .....DR	CINQUE
#6 HOW TO REGENERATE OUR SOIL................. DR J GAMBREL
#7 THE CAUSE OF OSTEOPOROSIS, HOW TO REVERSE IT......... T.GFRY
#8 HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT EASILY AND NATURALLY ............. T.GFRY
#9 THE STIMULANT DELUSION .......................  DR	CINQUE
#10 FORUM THE FRUIT DIET..................FRY, CINQUE, GAMBREL
#11 ATTITUDE REORIENTATION.............................. T.GFRY
#12 GUIDANCE FOR ACHIEVING PERSONAL EXCELLENCE ......... T.GFRY
#13 ARTHRITIS.....................................JO	WILLARD
#14 COOKED FOOD VS. RAW FOOD.......................DR	CINQUE
#15 THE HEALTH FORMULA.................................. T.GFRY
#16 FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH FORMULA........................... T.GFRY
#17 SUPER FOODS THAT CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE ........ ..	T.GFRY
#18 OVERCOMING AILMENTS AND STAYING FREE OF THEM........ T.GFRY
#19 HOW TO PURIFY YOUR BODY AND BECOME SICKNESS FREE ... T.GFRY
#20 THE MAGIC OF THE RAW FOOD DIET...................... T.GFRY
#21 HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT, PERMANENTLY, NATURALLY, SAFELY .. T.GFRY
#22 THE EASY WAY TO CONQUER HEART PROBLEMS.............. T.GFRY
#23 OVERCOMING DIGESTIVE PROBLEMS ...................... T.GFRY
#24 THE ALLERGY PANACEA..............................    T.GFRY
#25 CANCER ............................................. T.GFRY
#26 DIABETES............................................ T.GFRY
#27 THE GREAT AIDS HOAX................................. T.GFRY
#28 THE NATURE OF DISEASE...............................SHELTON
#29 Nutrition._CAROL ALCORN_.STRESS............. SUSAN	AARON
#30 FIT FOR LIFE...................................... DIAMONDS
#31 HOW TO GET WELL AND STAY WELL - THEORY .............SHELTON
#32 HOW TO GET WELL AND STAY WELL - APPLICATION.........SHELTON
#33 THE MASTER DRAMA OF LIFE ...........................SHELTON
#34 TOXEMIA AND ITS RESULTS ............................SHELTON
#35 PROPER FOOD PREPARATION.............................SHELTON
#36 HOW TO GET WELL SPEECH..............................SHELTON
#37 MEDICAL PRACTICE...................DR.	ROBERT MENDELSOHN
#38 MEDICAL PRACTICE 2................ DR.	ROBERT MENDELSOHN
#39 MEDICAL PRACTICE 3.................DR.	ROBERT MENDELSOHN
#40 SELF CARE VS. MEDICAL CARE..................HANNAH	ALLEN
#41 WHAT TO EXPECT ON THE FIRST FAST............HANNAH	ALLEN
#42 TRANSITION TO HYGIENIC DIET.................HANNAH	ALLEN
#43 WORKSHOP - EATING OUT.......................HANNAH	ALLEN
#44 FACTORY FARMING ...................................MKESCHAB
#45 FOOD IRRADIATION.MIKE.SCHAB / ORGANIC GARDEN....A. CARON
#46 OSTEOPOROSIS .....................LEVIN, HOWARD, ROY, LEO
#47 THE DRAMA OF HEALING..................DR. FRANK SABATINO
#48 FOOD IRRADIATION..........................MAX HUBERMAN
#49 DIABETES A SECOND LOOK....................... RON	WESTON
#50 FEVER..................................... DR. ANDRE SAINE
#51 STRESS .................................DR. GLENN BOGGIO
#52. OSTEOPOROSIS...........................DR. MARTIN PHILLIP
#53. WHEN IS MEDICAL AND SURGICAL CARE'NECESSARY? .. DR. CRIDLAND
#54. YOU DON’T HAVE TO BE SICK..............................DR.	CRIDLAND
#55. AN INTERVIEW WITH..................................... DR.	CRIDLAND
#56. AIDS...................................................DR.	CRIDLAND
#57. ALLERGIES AND HAY FEVER................................AUC	BURTON
#58. STRESS.....................................  AUC	BURTON
#59. STRESS 2 ....................................AUC	BURTON
#60. FASTING AND NUTRITION..................................AUC	BURTON
#61. FASTING AND NUTRITION 2 .....................AUC	BURTON
#62. ACHIEVING OR AVOIDING PREGNANCY NATURALLY .. JENNY MARANO
#63. FASTING, TURNING THE CLOCK BACK .................V.VETRANO
#64. FRUTTAND VEG.....................................V.VETRANO
#65. HIGH ENERGY FOODS............................V. VETRANO
#66. FOOD COMBINING MADE EASY.........................V.VETRANO
#67. HOW TO AVOID COMPULSORY INOCULATIONS.....MARK HUBERMAN
#68. THE CAUSE AND PURPOSE OF DISEASE................... T.GFRY
#69. FASTING FOR HEALTH...........................DR.	D	J.SCOTT
#70. EARLY WARNING SIGNS OF SERIOUS ILLNESS.......DR.	D	J.SCOTT
#71. PREPARING FOR YOUR FIRST CHILD .............  SUE	DOUGLAS
#72. WOMAN’S HEALTH.......................................JENNY	MARANO
#74. HOW TO BREAK A BAD HABIT.....................DR.	CINQUE
-VIDEO-
#75. FIT FOR LIFE .............................................     DIAMONDS
BY LIFE SCIENCE INSTITUTE #76. THE GREAT CALCIUM HUSTLE, #77. THE GREAT PROTEIN HANG-UP, #78. NUTRITION IN A NUTSHELL, #79. YOUR KEY TO DYNAMIC HEALTH, #79. DISEASES.