THE MISSING KEY
MISSION OF THE KING FIFTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT 7 JEREMIAH ST.
BLUE MOUNTAIN, ARKANSAS (501) 947-2220
MAY 1989
"And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven;..." Matt. 16:19
'...I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom." Ps.35:13
A MINISTRY OF FASTING AND' PRAYER
i@®@ ©&1UL
;®D(M(§i MO® M©®® IT® CUD© IPH®®®!
DM
GOD’S CALL OR SUMMONS
TO
A REBELLIOUS AND STIFFNECKED PEOPLE
WHEREIN THERE ARE FIVE PARTICULARS
SUMMONS
(FINAL NOTICE)
#1. (who) The Summons or Prayer { LORD and Fast call, expressed by { GOD three Titles.	{	of	HOST
#2 (what) The Summons itself, and that is by way of Call, The LORD, did call.
#3. (when) The time of the Summons set down very punctually, In that day. (July 2 to 5 1989).
{ 1. Weeping
#4. The subject, or what Summoned { 2. Mourning
to.
> > > > >
#5. (where) Where to appear in
compliance with summons.
{ 3. Baldness { 4. Girding with { sack-cloth.
{ 5. Mt. Magazine, Arkansas
ISAIAH 22:12: "AND IN THAT DAY DID THE LORD GOD OF HOST CALL TO WEEPING AND MOURNING, AND TO BALDNESS, AND TO GIRDING WITH SACKCLOTH."
Greetings in the name of our Father Yah (Ps.68:4). This newsletter comes to you a little late, due to the celebration of the feast days. We enjoyed good fellowship during this time. Something we all need more of.
As we draw closer to the National gathering for prayer and fasting in July, a few questions have been asked of me. #1.) Are we to shave our heads and bring sack-cloth and ashes? Answer is: This is an outward sign which should be decided by each individual. As for me, I will be wearing plain cotton clothing and a short haircut. At this day and age I believe it would only draw attention to ourselves to do otherwise.	#2.) Is there
going to be any nationally known speakers? Answer:
NO Speakers! However; I would like to see nationally known speakers join us in this humbling experience. For those who would like more detail about the fast, I will speak about "The fast that God has Chosen" (Isaiah 58), two hours prior to the beginning of the fast. From July 2 at 6:00pm. until the completion of the fast (72 hrs.) we will observe God’s chosen fast.
After that time I’m sure there will be an abundance of fellowship. This would also be a good time to renew our covenant with our God and promise to keep His laws, statutes, ordinances and judgments. #3.) Is there going to be an ambulance or paramedic available on the scene. Answer: NO, as far as I’m concerned. If someone wants this service available they can arrange for that themselves. As for myself, my physician is the One who made me. Everyone is responsible for themselves and their own household. (Next month’s newsletter will cover the mechanics of a short fast, and what can be expected during that time.) I can only tell you what I would do in my case. Again, everyone is responsible for themselves.
To those who gather with us on Mt Magazine for fasting and prayer July 2, to July 5, according to the present Gregorian calendar; you are reminded that we are coming in accord with the Scripture which commands us to fast, God’s chosen fast (Is. 58:6,7) (Matt.6:16,9:15,17:20,21) (Mark 9:29) There will be no charge to attend this event As a matter of fact since you won’t be eating you’ll save a few bucks. The gathering together is for unity, strength, mercy and pardon from our sins, our nations sins, and our fathers sins. We are coming in faith as you are.
Prior to arriving we should have read Yah’s Law, so that we know clearly what our repentance should be. (Nehemiah 9:1-3) The days on Mt Magazine set aside for fasting, prayer and repentance are for just that, and not for Bible reading, preaching, selling trinkets, gathering names or fellowship. We are to put into practice that which we have already read in the Bible. If you plan to come to observe or be entertained you’ll find this gathering to be a bore. If you come to seek God’s face this is the right place, the right time, in the right way.
We are gathering to confess our sins as Daniel did before us, (Dan. 9) (1 John 1:9) and to petition our Almighty Saviour, Creator and King, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, for mercy, to give us repentance (Acts 5:31) (Romans 2:4) (2 Tim. 2:25). That we will be able, as His people, called by His name, to humble ourselves with fasting (Ps. 35:13) and prayer (Matt. 17:21) and to seek His face (Deut. 4:29) and to turn from our wicked ways. (Jonah 3:5-9) (Matt. 12:41) This is repentance in accordance with 2 Cron 7:14 and is God’s chosen fast (Is. 58:6). Not until then will He give us the needed faith to sec our nation cleansed (1 John 3:20-23) (Matt. 6:9-15).
I suggest each person bring about two gallons of distilled water for drinking, (No juice) and
Man in the Pit: “No doubt I will die here, that rope MIGHT break. ”
1
enough extra water to wash your face (Matt. 6:17). Please don’t forget a paddle or shovel spoken of in Deut. 23:12-14. There are no toilet facilities available on the mountain top, but they are available about a five minute drive away along with showers. Yah’s Christian people are to be a holy and clean people. We must leave the land as we found it.
It will be a rigorous wilderness experience on this mountain top. All the better to give us a better understanding of Moses and our humble Savior on the mountain in intercessory prayer (Exodus 19:20, 34:4,9) (Deut. 9:9; 10:10) (Matt. 14:23) (Mark 6:46) (Luke 6:12; 9:28; 21:37; 22:39).
Those who desire to fellowship either before or after the three day fast and prayer meeting are asked to try not to disturb any who may remain in prayer and fasting.
WHAT IF?
If our prayers are not the prayers that God has chosen. This will cause God to deal heavily with us. Zechariah 7:13 'Therefore, it is come to pass thaty as he cried, and they would not hear, so they> cried, and I would not hear, saith the Lord of hosts: James 4:3 "ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts." You may ask what if I cannot achieve the goal? I say there is a difference between falling short in degrees and falling short of the whole thing. God looks at sincerity in our hearts. You may say I fasted the fast that God had chosen yet God does not answer. I say it is not up to us to judge divine providence, but judge God’s spirit in us. You may ask what about the attitude of the others at such a public fast. I say some may fall short, but those that do keep the fast that God has chosen will receive their blessings. Don’t worry about others, just worry about your fast being the fast God has chosen. It should concern every one of us to examine ourselves and not others and that we truly repent in God’s chosen fast. God knows how to save good figs when He destroys nations. If He can save Noah and his family He can save us.
If we fast the fast that God has chosen and trust in His mercy, we must start to walk righteously, holy and humbly with our God. He will turn our fast into a time or joy.
The main text of this newsletter is not complete by any means. It is the final notice of a summons from God, who calls us to weeping and mourning in that day; as the cover page explains. There will be a booklet available soon for those interested in the complete story of "God’s Call to Weeping and Mourning."
"GOD’S CALL TO WEEPING AND MOURNING" part m
What nation under heaven, has ever had the deliverance that we have had in America. Our nation has been blessed far beyond any other. Yet recently we have been seeing judgement. We have been loosing our wars, we have droughts and strange weather, we have threats of food -shortages, and plagued with various diseases. We have illegal aliens flooding into our land, and we have a suppressive government which is in the process of taking away our freedoms one by one.
A man would think it far more fit to call God first, and call again, and again. Contrary to all reason. He (God) who is provoked, who is about to strike, first calls on man. Not once but often, by Spirit, Word, Mercies, and Judgments. Even the last day He warns, never giving up as long as there is hope; never ceases, until there is no more remedy. All these wonderfully magnify the goodness and patience of our God:
God does not strike as soon as man sins, why? Because no flesh would be able to stand in His presence. He gives us a chance to repent and turn to Him. He calls by entering our hearts. I appeal to your conscience whether you have not heard God’s call many times within you. It may be in the morning of the day when you first wake up, whispering in your ear, "return return, I say return to Me." It may be at midnight, when you cannot sleep, warning you of your evil ways, moving you to repentance, cheering you with hopes of mercy.
The question now is; how have we attended to these calls? What action have we taken? What deeds have we done? How many times have you vowed "if God would spare me, what a convert I would be." Yet we are as bad as ever before.
2
Another time in a great danger, or at a funeral, what resolutions did we make with ourselves, to live right. If we, as a people, have heeded God’s call we would not be in the state we are in today. (Matt11:20-24) "Then began He to upbraid the cities wherein most of His mighty works were done, because they repented not: (v21) ...for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes. (v22) But Isay unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for you."
So if the great things that have been done in America (abortion, homosexuals, witchcraft, rock music, sabbath breaking and miscegenation to name a few), had been done in Tyre and Sidoivin all probability, they would have repented long ago in sack-cloth and ashes (and fasted and prayed).
Certainly no nation has been more blessed, yet no nation more unthankful. Not only do we have an abundance of food and drink, but our life is easy, we have an abundance of everything. We are not in a physical war (yet) in our homeland. We don’t wait in line for food (unless you are on welfare). We are free to gather and worship as we choose. Our Bibles have not been taken away, and we are still free to own gold, silver and guns, but Fm sure that will soon come to a halt. God may take any or all these away from us at any time. We all know God has shed His Grace on America. (Luke 12:48) "...For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required:..." Now ask yourself; Mhow many calls from God have I neglected?"
We now have such abuse and misunderstanding of freedom of religion, that the enemies of Christ have crept into the comers of our Christian faith and our country. We have allowed our true religion is be distorted, as we have fallen into apathy as Christians. Our true Religion is being overthrown; Subversion of our faith and good manners, destruction of all order, discipline, and charity. While some profess to be Protestant, others profess to be Catholic, others profess to be Non-denominational, and few, very few sincerely profess Christ and His Gospel (old and new testament).
Of those who attend our public meetings, how many itching ears have we among us? Let a
minister preach the truth of God, as clearly and plainly as any, yet, if he is not of their opinion they cry out as in Acts 22:22. "And they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live." Today who is worse; the preachers or the sheep? The preachers that speak the truth are not supported by the sheep, for the most part, so they stop preaching and go into other fields to support their families. Yet the ignorant or deceptive preachers tickle the ears of the sheep, and they are supported lavishly. Examples are to numerous to mention. I’m sure you can think of many.
We should meditate on the cup of trembling mentioned by the prophet Isaiah (51:17). Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the hand of drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out. ” Threatened by the prophet David (Ps.75:8) "In the hand of the Lord there is a cup, and the wine is red, it is full of mixture, and He poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof all the wicked of the earth, shall wring them out and drink them."
Such a cup we must take notice of, which God has held out for these many years. The wine has been red, even as red as blood: and it has been full of mixture too, firing, burning, plundering, and spoiling has been the sad ingredients in this mixture; and God has poured it out upon many parts of this nation. Some parts of the country have drunk deep of the cup. Yet we are secure and careless and uncompassionate as ever.
Let it teach us all in the fear of God to admire and stand astonished at the mercy and loving kindness of the Lord God of Hosts. Never so good a God that will by no means destroy until He has called and given warning, and waited for the conversion of His people.
We must learn to be more compassionate and merciful to each other. We must be less hateful and uncharitable to each other. All over this nation we see hardheartedness and many work to destroy another without call and without mercy. Suppose God should deal with us this way. What would become of the best of us? What ever happened to the Golden Rule? We must learn to deal with others as we would want God to deal
3
with us.
In the fear of God, let us take heed to these warnings, and Goodness of God. Take heed not to stop our ears at God’s call; or He will stop His ears at us another day. As He threatens, (Prov. 1:23 - 29) 'Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known My words unto you. (24) Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out My hand, and no man regarded; (25) but ye have set at nought all My counsel, and would none of My reproof: (26) I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh; (27) when your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. (28) Then shall they call upon Me, but I will not answer; they shall seek Me early, but they shall not find Me: (29) for that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the Lord: (30) they would none of My counsel: they despised all My reproof. (31) Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices.
(32)	For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them.
(33)	But whoso hearkeneth unto Me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil"
If we will not hear the voice of His Mercy, we will feel the voice of His Judgement. If we will not hear God when He threatens, we shall feel Him when He punishes.
If all this will not do; if all these calls from God will not move us, there is one more Call. Beside all these, there is the Call of the last Trumpet. When Christ shall come the second time in glory with thousands of His Angles to judge in the clouds and make war. When the Trumpet sounds, and the dead shall rise, and when God calls us out of the dust, to appear before His Judgement seat, and there to give an account to Him as of our neglects. So much more of the contempt of all His former Calls: By His Spirit, Mercies, Words,and Judgments.
We are being summoned before the Lord God of Host. Called to humiliation and repentance through the fast that God has chosen (Isaiah 58:6). There will be another summons coming out for us. And we will all be called to give an account as to the truth of all our actions and intentions. St. Paul speaks of this in (2 Cor. 5:10)
"For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that everyone may receive the things done in his body, according to that which he hath done, whether it be good or bad." We have no higher court to call us to give an account here on earth, yet there is one in heaven. It is there we must all stand or fall forever!
Think and ponder therefore with yourselves, when we see men startled and frightened as he is summonsed to tax court, or municipal court, or federal court, and stands trembling before the judge at sentencing time. Do you ever wonder when it will be your turn? One day it will be your turn. However, it will be before the judgement •seat of Christ to give an account, to Him, of all your actions. Let the thought of this move us to deal with others as we know we should. And not dare to do or say anything, but what is just and v righfaccording to His Word.
THE TIME OF THE SUMMONS
In that day. What day is that? We read in Scripture of many days; a day of blackness and darkness of clouds and thick darkness, a day of plague and pestilence, of famine and of the sword, a day of fasting and afflicting the soul, of rending the garments, and lying down in the dust. It talks about a day of fright and fear, of trouble and perplexity. Which, of all these days are called; In that day.
OPPRESSION AND CONFUSION
How do we know? When destruction and ruin is at hand, when tokens of the wrath of God are manifests. When men are at their wits end, and don’t know which way to turn. When a man is not sure his house, his children or his life will be taken away. When this is the condition in our land this is the time when God calls. This is that day!
As for troubles and perplexities; show me a place or person free of these. Parents are troubled about what the schools are teaching their children, yet neglect to take that responsibility as the Bible commands. Churches are troubled by the immoral condition of our nation, yet will not teach the Laws of God. We are all troubled by abortion, yet most support it with their heavy taxes and silent consent. Everywhere; cries to heaven for
4
vengeance against those who abuse their authority, for their own gain. It is a day of trouble and perplexities. This is that day!
(Isaiah 22:5) "For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord God of hosts in the valley of vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountainsIn a word, a day of war, and the sad consequences of it. This is that day!
We complain of violence and wrong, yet our lives are full of both. We have not received instruction well. Spoiling and treading down, cries and bitter lamentation, father against son, and son against father, brother against brother, and friend against friend, plunder, rape and murders. Cruel and barbarian acts are spread everywhere up and down our streets, and yet we are not humbled with prayer and fasting. How long shall Wfc be & stiff-necked people and ignore the fast that God has chosen? Our situation could get worse if we continue to ignore His call.
If we do not heed God’s call, we will see Churches ruined and laid waist, God’s ordinances and ministers abused, whole towns plundered over and over, and utterly destroyed. We will see whole streets on fire. We will see men, women and children fleeing for their lives, while thousands lie naked sprawled on the ground, some dead, some gasping, some groaning out their last breath: Shot in pieces, joint from joint, limb from limb, mangled all over. We will see infants snatched from their mothers breasts and brains dashed against the stones. We will see wives ravished before their husbands eyes after husbands slain before theirs. We will hear the shrikes and cries of women and children and see hundreds tumble head-long into ponds and rivers, some sprawling out, knocked down again, without pity or compassion, without respect either of sex or age, of young or old. God justly calls for Weeping and Mourning. Every distemper, every cruelty, every outrage and villainy we see or hear of is a call from God, to humble ourselves extra ordinarily. In extra ordinary worship in an extra ordinary time while He is still holding back His full wrath.
For men to prepare, fortify and strengthen themselves is very good and expedient. However; to trust in these, and to neglect God is to look
down upon the earth and not to heaven. This is to rely upon the arm of flesh, and not upon God. This is a serious fault, and therefore let the prophets cries out the words. In that day, in that day over all others, call them to weeping and mourning, when the creature is trusted and the Creator neglected.
Is not this our day? Was there ever more looking to arms, breaches, waters and fortifying etc.? (Is. 22:8-12) "...and thou didst look in that day to the armor of the house of the forest (9) Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of David, that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool (10) And ye have numbered the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall (11) ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago. (12) And in that day did the Lord God of Hosts call to weeping, and to mourning, and to baldness, and to girding with sackcloth.n
Fortifying ourselves is good and necessary; But the question is, Have we rested here, in the means? In the outward provision, on strength, and never looked to God the Maker of it? Have we not trusted in our own abilities in court (for some)? Our own strength (for others)? In our government (for many)? Have we not prided ourselves in assurance of victory? Never looking up to the Lord God of Hosts, ’till He has brought us down, and made us see, that victory only comes when He is on our side. When we rely only upon God we may win His mercy, and put His sharp, two edge, glittering sword back into His sheath.
I am afraid that too much of this weed grows in all our gardens: too much confidence in the means and probabilities, upon strength and policies, upon great preparations, and our own endeavors. If this is true; this is the day God calls to Weeping and Mourning. Better to do it now to prevent weeping afterward when it is too late. We are to use all lawful means in God’s name, but we are not to trust in any, only in the Lord God of Hosts in whose hands are the issues of life and death, of war and peace.
In the midst of all the judgments of God, men are secure and careless, serving their lusts and pleasures. In the midst of the tossing of the ship
5
of our Nation, they are asleep on the mast-top, not awakened with all the waves and billows that roar and swell round about them. This is a sad day indeed, when no light appears, not of grace or goodness. We still have those who are as gluttonous, and riotous, and drunk, as ever. In the midst of all the heavy judgments of God upon this land they heed nothing, regard nothing, eat, drink and are all merry. (Is. 22:13) "And behold joy and gladness, slaying oxen, and killing sheep, eating flesh, and drinking wine: Let us eat and drink; for tomorrow we shall die"
BALDNESS AND SACK-CLOTH
The prophet Isaiah said in (58:5) "...is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him?..." Repentance does not consist in sack-cloth, or outward things, but inwardly in the soul. They who truly repent are displeased with themselves, and their former evil ways. This cannot be done without some expressions before men. Therefore; the prophet names those outward signs only, whereby we testify our humiliation to others. These bet; g signs and effects of repentance, not ic ; c . v itself. We are not just to confess our sins but to confess and forsake our sins This is ic ; c . ce
Thus, being sufficiently humbled; both outlaid and inward, God might be pacified, and we might be saved. This is the chief end of all God s calls For the good and salvation of the poor Mime?, humbling our souls, pacifying His wrath Thai God may be glorified, and man might be saved
What should be expected from Christians now? To appear glorious at such a time as this: for men and women to sit before the Lord God of Hosts, on this mourning occasion in gorgeous color, dressed in silver and gold, and women with braided hair and painted faces, is abominable to God. To come to the mountain in such a manner is to mock God, as He calls for sack-cloth and mourning. Consider what we come for. Is it for ourselves? For our lives? For our souls? For our friends? NO, it is for the salvation of our Nation and our Christian world. We must come as beggars, as we beg for mercy at the hands of the Almighty. Let our soul stand in a begging posture before the Throne of Grace.
We are not going to Washington D.C to plead with them to stop the massacre of our infants, nor to plead with them to stop oppressing our people. We are going to the top of Mt. Magazine in Arkansas to meet with our Creator, to plead for His mercy on us who have allowed these great atrocities to continue these many years because of
w w
our apathy, self-righteousness, stiff-necked and rebellious attitude.
There’s One on whose errand we go, that has promised to cany the greatest part, (Ps. 55:22) XUsst thy burden upon the Lord, and He shall sustain thee:*. * Let it be a comfort to us all, that we have Him our King Jesus Christ to bear with jis Let us be thoughtful for the recovery and salvation of this bleeding, gasping and dying Nation.
•Let me tel) you one thing more to comfort you. You attend God’s call with great advantage. Advantage, you will ask? With the wounds fc vie red, the disease grown over the whole body, oppression infinite, and distresses mounted to the heavens; ate these Advantages? Still 1 say yes. You go upon the wings of so many thousands of prayers. You go down upon the full tide of so many millions of tears. You go with the full gale of so many heavenly wishes to God for you. This is your advantage. Go on therefore and answer the gunmans of the Lord God of! lasts, and being the salt of the earth, do as He commands.
Gome; and while they they feast, we will fast; while they tread, we will pray; while they debate we will weep; while they demand, we will beg; while they boast on independence day, we will humble ourselves with dependence on our Creator, while they parley, we will knock; and cry at heaven’s gates for mercy.
Now for all you that stay behind, you can help to quench the flames. You that are able to help with your purses, to spread the teaching of the truth. You can also be with us in spirit during this time wherever you are with your prayers, fasting and tears.
6