THE MISSING KEY
MISSION OF THE KING FIFTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT 7 JEREMIAH ST.
BLUE MOUNTAIN, ARKANSAS (501) 947-2220
FEBRUARY 1989
’And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven;...* Matt. 16:19
*«.! humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned Into mine own bosom." Ps.35:13
A MINISTRY OT FASTING AND PRAYED
GETTING SERIOUS!
Greetings in the name of our Father YAH. This month I am asking for your prayers and fasting on Saturdays to he for this months message to sweep across (Ms Country like a roaring wild fire. It is the "Key of the kingdom of heaven* put into practice. If Christians truly want the blcjuings of our forefathers, now is the perfect opportunity to increase our faith and remove our mountain of unbelief. This is the root of all our problems, and is the purpose for the enclosed Proclamation. In order to use the title "Christian Patriot," it's time to practice what we preach, and put our works where our mouth is! Let’s face the fact that the problem is ours, because the cause is ours.
Catch this one more time. WE ARE THE PROBLEM! So we must begin to put into practice the solution, or key. How long will we put up with the conditions in America? How long will our children suffer because of our neglect, which is the unwillingness to repent through fasting and prayer. Why do we think we can out-smart our enemies when Yah Himself has sent them here to chastise us? To show us how far we have drifted from "the mark". Indeed they are chastising us, but blaming others for our problems has not and will not teach us anything good. He has sent them to bring us to
repentance. Now we have the opportunity to show the Power of Almighty Yah, and put our works into action through united fasting and prayer, just as they did in Nineveh’s time.
WHEN WILL WE LEARN?
so we know our We know there is trouble in America. So now is the time to do something about it. Now we can cause changes. Now we can make our world better for our selves and our posterity. This is the time for all Christians to unite and take the responsibility to fast and pray especially during these troublesome times. In our last newsletter we talked about the need for the Christian body to work together, during times of trouble and impending danger. Yet we remain divided all across America. Will you join together with us and honor this Proclamation of fasting and prayer to change ourselves and our country? If not for ourselves than for our posterity.
It seems to me most people hear what I’m saying but they don’t want a simple answer. They want to hear about how terrible the government is, how unfair taxes are, how the Russians and the Mexicans are waiting for the order to
We*vc leaned about who we are, ropoiifcifity to GodTs Laws.
A SERMON THAT HFT HOME!
Congregation: "Look out there, Billy, you’re pointing that right at us!”
1
invade America, how the media is so anti Christian and how our children arc being brainwashed. The list is endless and will keep us busy with "updated" information on what the enemy is doing next, as well as keep us looking over our shoulder. The important question is not what is the enemy doing, but what arc God's people going to do? This continual attention on the symptoms is to divert our attention from the real problem; "OUR REBELLION AS A PEOPLE" The sooner we realize this the sooner we can do something about our situation. Most people seem to be captivated with sensationalism. Though most of the information is true, the information in and of itself is not the solution. Our message may not be sensational but the results (if put into practice) will be more sensational than anything youVe ever imagined.
It is frustrating to watch our people overlook God's simple solution and to see our country continually slip down the drain. We have an all powerful God who has given us the power and delegated to us the authority, as the salt of the earth, to take dominion and clean-up our land. The cleanup must begin with ourselves through fasting and prayer. We are making the same mistake the apostles made when they could not cast the demons out of the lunatic. They went to Christ and asked Him why they could not cast them out. Remember what He told them in Matt 17.20? "... because of your unbelief...” ”...if ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed ye shall say unto THIS mountain, remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove..., 21 ”Howbeit THIS kind goeth not out, but by prayer and fasting.” The problems in America are obviously too big for us to handle by ordinary means. We have a nation gone "lunatic" and we have no alternative but to call out to our Father for help, because this kind of mountainous problem goeth not out but by prayer and fasting. Once we clear our own bodies and minds from the unbelief we can then be a witness; showing, as an example, our works and let it spread across this country.
The Christians In America are trying to take on "wickedness in high places" without the whole armor of God. The evidence is the fact that we are loosing the battle. Picketing abortion mills (though commendable) is again dealing with the symptom. This symptom will not go away as long as our women want to pay someone to murder their babies for them. When women stop paying someone to murder their babies then and only then will the abortion mills dissolve. Another example is pornography; as long as we continue to support the advertisers as well as buy pornographic material the problem will continue. The problem is not pornography but the supporters of it. Another example is drugs; as long as our people are willing to pay for and consume them, how can we blame the sleaz-bags that push it or the drug itself. This including sugar, salt, tobacco, alcohol and caffeine. When we stop paying for the drugs the sleaz-bags will go away. Illegal aliens is another serious problem. When our people stop financing their illegal jobs, welfare checks, food stamps and government housing then they will flee from our country.
How do we begin to tackle these mountainous problems? By honoring this proclamation as the first step and the foundation by which we must cast out the demons of fear, ignorance and pride. If you don't believe what I’m saying than this is evidence of your unbelief and the cure for that
is fasting and prayer according to our King Jesus Christ!
THE PROCLAMATION
Now is the time for all Gods people to come to the aid of this former great country by works and example (it's about time)! The enclosed Proclamation explains itself but, I would like to elaborate on it just the same.
Back in 1646 when the Christians lived in Massachusetts and danger was approaching, they would Proclaim a Fast. This Fast was honored by everyone. Our Christian Forefathers understood the power of Gods people uniting together in fasting and prayer first hand. They took it seriously enough to pass a law which I found in a book called "COLONIAL LAWS OF MASSACHUSETTS" dated 1889 and is a reprint from 1660 to 1672. Consider the following quote from page 148. “Wherever the ministry of the word is established, according to the order of the Gospel throughout this jurisdiction: Every person shall duely resort, and attend therunto, respectively on the Lords dayes, & upon such pablick fast daves. & days of thanksgiving, as are to be generally observed by appointment of authority. And if any person within this jurisdiction shall without just & necessary cause, withdraw himselfe from the publick ministry of the word, after due means of conviction used, he shall forfeit for his absence, from every such publick meetings five - shillings: and all such offences may be heard & determined from time to time by any one or more Magistrates [1646]' (spelling unchanged). This was about the same penalty as was the observance of the pagan day "Christmas". In 1646 the people did not take their faith as lightly as we do today. We have become lukewarm as a people. The evidence is all around us.
WHY MT. MAGAZINE?
I have no idea how many people will join with us on top of Mt. Magazine though several have contacted me already. If anyone would like to help coordinate this effort or would like to be present, please contact me for more information. Mt. Magazine was chosen because of its central location in our country and its historical Christian background. More information on the details of this mountain can be had by sending a donation of 5 bucks to Pastor Ed Udey at "The Mission of our Christian Heritage", P.O.Box 296, Cotter Ar., 72626. He will send you two cassette tapes explaining the fascinating story of Mt. Magazine. I highly recommend this treasure of information by its author Valerie Olin.
WHY THREE DAYS?
Though past proclamations have been for one day we are dangerously over due, and dangerously deeper into sin and addictions. I was going to ask for a seven day fast because it is a whole week and a complete number, but after serious thought I chose a shorter period to hopefully secure greater compliance from those who have never fasted before. It is a time when most people are on vacation and the temperature
2
is easy for a fast. This may not be the full amount necessary to get right with our God but it’s a beginning and it will show many Christians a great victory they can have over their own body. Most people have never fasted even one day in their lives. Is it not worth sacrificing a few days of food to show God our seriousness?
On a minor detail I would like to quote from Dick Gregory’s "The Vegetarians" - "...but also I think a fast can be a very powerful force even if nobody knows. Christmas of 1975, I sent out a public notice appealing to anyone who wanted to dramatize the world food crisis by fasting. About 150 people came down to Atlanta and fasted from Christmas to New Year's. It was frightening the power that was in that room. This was a strict water fast. There wasn’t anyone on fruit juice. I don *t think I would ever again bring that many people together into a room and fast. I mean, that power was so strong you could almost hear it.” Though Dick Gregory is of a different race, culture, heritage and religion than myself I do think his statement is of value and should shame the entire Christian world. Whereas our book, the Bible demonstrates and commands that fasting was given to God’s people, and should be practices and taught by them. It seems the Christians are the only people not practicing their religious obligation. No wonder we are loosing the battles against evil. If Dick Gregory can gather 150 people in one spot to fast for seven days surely the Christians of America can gather thousands or even millions for a mere three day fast to save our country.
This Proclamation will surely show the strength of the Christian body. Or will we show our weakness to..."...tempt God in their hearts by asking meat for their lust” Ps. 78:18 "so they did eat, and were well filled; for He gave them their own desire; they were not estranged from their lusts. But while their meat was yet in their mouths, the wrath of God came upon them and slew the fattest of them, and smote down the chosen men of Israel" Ps.78:29-31. "For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly.” Rm. 16:18
I may not be able to enforce this proclamation with the 1646 law but am asking for voluntary participation. With God as my witness and the right heart attitudes of Christians who needs the 1646 law.
WE NEED YOUR HELP!
With the help of Almighty Yah, we intend to publicize this "Proclamation" all across America, using Christian radio and Christian magazines and newspapers. Naturally there is going to be significant cost involved and the extent of our outreach depends on your support and donations. Another way to help is to sponsor or make arrangements with a local Christian radio talk show for discussion on the subject of fasting or the proclamation. I plan to tour around America in April, May and June for the purpose of promoting this proclamation. If you know of a group of Christians that would be interested in hearing this message, please contact me as soon as possible for scheduling purposes. It is impossible for me to reach across America by myself without the rest of the Christian body to assist in this effort. I would like each and every person that receives this newsletter and
proclamation to make 10 copies and send it to 10 Christians that you think would be interested. Reaching all the Christians in this country may seem to be an impossible job but I would like to draw your attention to the final page of this newsletter entitled "What can a person do??"
PROMINENT VIRTUES OF THE CHRISTIANS
Please consider and ponder this quote from "The Christian History of the American Revolution" pg.17. "That which our King Himself, in his last interview with his disciples, described as the test by which His disciples might always be distingiiished, namely that they loved one another. The names "brother and sister” which the Christians gave to each other, were not names without meaning. The care of providing for the support and maintenance of strangers, of the poor, the sick, the old, of widows and orphans, and of those in prison on account of their faith, devolved on the whole church. Nor did the active brotherly love of each community confine itself to what transpired in its own immediate circle, but extended itself also to the wants of the Christian communities in distant lands. On urgent occasions of this kind, the bishops made arrangements for special collections. They appointed fasts; so that what was saved, even by the poorest of the flock, from their daily food, might help to supply the common wants. From such works took the impress of a truly Christian character, which here expresses itself - of Christian love simply following the impulse from within. This Christian character was no longer present in its purity, when the charitable action had reference to an outward end; when it was converted into a ground of merit before God, into a means for extinguishing sin. In times of public calamity, the contrast was strikingly displayed between the cowardh/ selfishness of the pagans and the self-sacrificing brotherly love of the Christians."
So, come on brothers and sisters let’s show them what we’re made of, let’s show our fruits! Let us follow the example of these Christians by contributing what we save during our three day fast and give it to those who are in need.
We have recently received news from a friend, by letter that the Christians in South Africa are receiving this message also. "We Israel from all South Africa are joined together every Wednesday (in the spirit, in our homes) in prayer and fasting for the awakening of all Israel everywhere." Seems this message is not only spreading across America, but also across the world! Victory is near for those who have ears and eyes to see.
As you all know this ministry is supported by donations and gifts because without your support I could not get this message out. I would like to take this time to thank you all for your donations, gifts and articles on fasting (which is on file to share in future issues of the Missing Key). I also want to thank you for the supportive letters. It is the added encouragement we need to know that someone is listening and believing. We’ll continue to work in His service as long as we’re able. May Yah richly bless you and your efforts to return our country and our world back to His Laws, so that we may become once again His "peculiar people".
3
WHAT CAN ONE PERSON DO ??
IF 1 person tells 10 others, 11 will know;
IF those 10 tell 10 others, 111 will know;
IF those 100 tell 10 others, 1,111 will know;
IF those 1,000 tell 10 others, 11,111 will know;
IF those 10,000 tell 10 others, 111,111 will know;
IF those 100,000 tell 10 others, 1,111,111 will know;
If those 1,000,000 tell 10 others, 11,111,111 will know;
IF those 10,000,000 tell 10 others, 111,111,111 will know;
IF those 100,000,000 tell 10 others, 1,111,111,111, will know; and this is sufficient for every citizen in this country to have been told FOUR times, yet ONE person told only 10 others.
Telling 100 instead of 10 will accomplish the same results in 5 steps instead of 9.
IF IT IS TO BE, IT’S UP TO ME! I TOLD YOU.
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT The above was copied from the monthly BEHOLD! NEWSLETTER Forth Judicial District 729 Molalla Ave. #2 Oregon City, Oregon
FOR GOD AND COUNTRY,
BILLY HURD
4