MISSION OF THE KING 7 JEREMIAH ST.
BLUE MOUNTAIN, ARKANSAS (501) 947-2220
Way	16, 1989
2) ear &roth er ^kraueS,
anh you for your interest in the (Proclamation calliny ali (Christians to fast, pray, and repent in f(uly. %tJe were unaware of the notice in She Spotliyht newspaper. Christians everywhere are tryiny to help Spread the word. (Praise (fod! &DecauSe we certainly cannot afford to do it ly our Selves. lAJe are yettiny responses from all over the Country ft Christians who want to join in the (fuly fast and prayer meetiny.
rom
pi aSe find the enclosed newsletter with the detailed (-Proclamation. ^sdrS far as yiviny you more information of our oryanization/	we don t really have an oryanization. iYjy wife
Slnnci an JJ L ave hnown about the problems in ~America for a lony time and we See our country yoiny down hill faster and faster every year.	all	our	fiyhts	and efforts to
restore the Constitution, we have not Seen one sinyle unyodly trend reversed or stopped.
Si
mce
you
read She Spotliyht you k
k
know we have Serious
pro
blemS.
Sifter studyiny Scripture and historical evidence we have come way bach is 2 Cron. "7:14-. Shis ministry is about one
year
to the conclusion that the only ave only beyun
old and we h
tcwe
to uncover the evidence which verifies the truth and timeliness of this me th 1 We L many boo hlets to offer. Sf you are interested in learniny more uou may. want to receive our thly newsletter, which is a teachiny tool.
r
mon
SL purpose of this ministry is to
revive our
true Christian reliyion, which shaped the
foundation of _Slmerica and is virtually untauyht today. ‘She primary Subject is th
T'rom
ay. ^/ne primary suo^eci is ine many I and historical documents. She
lolica
aspects of fastiny. Shis research comes / monthly publication teachiny these principles is "Z)ke Wjiiiinf J(ey	3 li ave studied the
Subject of fastiny for about ten years and have done a yreat deal of research on its
Christian principles. S have obtained the most incredible information and documentation
ever
gathered on this Subject. Ohid included Sermons on pasting d tar ting in the 1600 d. Oheg dhow the recorded miracles which occurred when the (Christian (J3odg joined together in ^ad ting j prager and repentance. (Something our hidtorg loohd todag would never dream op teaching.J
1"Jhe health adpect op our minidtrg id aldo dipperent prom most, in that it id common dende adherence to natural lawy which id uirtuallg untaught in the health movement.	WJe do not
dell gimmichdy we onlg teach the dimple truth. Ohid included control over hodg weighty and removing cauded for du
tideade.
Ohe Ififjidding 0(eg newsletter id dent to all who dupport thid minidtrg with a minimum op $5. a mon tk. 3t id aldo available pree to thode who are incarcerated or who had a dpoude incarcerated, ^sdng dupport op ang bindSuch ad dtampd id appreciated.
Oh anh gou por gour consideration. Odope gou enjog reading these Sampled. Op gou have ang guedtiond or comments we would lihe to hear prom gou.
Odope to dee gou in dulg hro th er.
Oor (pod and ((ountrgy