Fasting and Prayer is___________
The Missing KeyyU
MISSION OF THE KING / P.O.BOX 98, BLUE MOUNTAIN, ARKANSAS / PHONE (501) 947-2220
MISSION OF THE KING / P.O.BOX 98, BLUE MOUNTAIN, ARKANSAS / PHONE (501) 947-2220
"And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven;...” (Matt. 16:19)
Voi.3 no.1
!?l«§ H

m
m

"...I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned unto mine own bosom."
(Ps. 35:13)
A Ministry of Fasting and Prayer
The Bible and the Sword ___Applied in Defense
PART 7
"But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea"
(Matt. 18:6)
Abort this!
F Welcome to
ASTING AND PRAYER
A New but Old Ministry__
/ifij t Overview

Have you wondered \vhy the Christians are seemingly helpless% against America's declining mbr-.! a Is? Do you wonder why we don't have victory over natibhhl sins!® I like abortion? Would you like to have criminals punished for their crimes? Would you like to stop ! the graft and corruption in government? Do you have problems in your personal life? Would you like to see a simple biblical solution for those problems? Well; it can happen!
The purpose of this ministry is to revive our true Christian religion which shaped the foundation of America and is virtu^iy untaught today. The primary subject is fasting and prayer. The secondary subject is health and Com- g mon Law (Biblical Law).
We have studied the subject of fasting for over a decade and continue the research of its Christian principles,! We have obtained the most incredible information and documentation ever gathered on this subject. They show the recorded miracles which occurred when the Christian body joined together in fasting, prayer, and repentance, ‘The Missing Key” newsletter and the ''Christian Legacy Library”, both, present Biblical principles which are untaught by many mod-ern day theologians.
J
-The Newsletter
Through "The Missing Key” newsletter we are dedicated to teaching the principles and results of our research. Fasting is covered in its three aspects; physical, historical and Biblical. The benefits to the readers range from personal to national in scope.
-The Network
To encourage participation and action, we have begun a network of Christians, all around America, willing to fast and pray one day a week for personal and national burdens. This fast is performed in accordance with Isaiah 58:6. Each newsletter announces the prayer requests from families and individuals seeking intercession by this network. We advocate the fast day begin at 6:00 Friday evening with reading Isaiah 58 and silent prayer for those in need. We continue the fast with distilled water until 6:00 Saturday or Sunday at noon. Would you be willing to join us (in spirit) each Saturday to help our brothers and sisters in need?
-The Library
It is impossible to share all the significant information we have collected through a monthly newsletter alone. There are many truth seekers, home schoolers, and educators who do not have the time, resources*or funds to aquire such a collection. So, to step up the process of teaching and getting this vital information into the hands of the people, we have made the choisest part of our library available in the form of reprints. This includes the forgotten American and English classics which we have collected over several years. The articles, sermons, and books date as far back as the early 1600's. These works are inspuyg, challenging, and uplifting.
Hope you enjoy reading this newsletter. If you have received a free copy of "The Missing Key", please send a small donation so we may be able to continue spreading this knowledge to others. This newsletter is sent to all who support this ministry with regular monthly support. Any support of any kind is appreciated. We can use cash, stamps, postal money orders, and silver; please do not send checks as we do not particapate in the debt usery system. Ifyou have any questions or comments we would like to hear from you.
(^Greetings in the name of our Father, Yah (Ps.68:4) As we enter I the last decade of the twentieth centuiy, we, as Christians, are at an all time low. Our future looks grim indeed. Some of us can recognize this more clearly than others, but Fm sure all Qiristians cannot deny the downward trend we have been taking in this land. I am coming under strong conviction that 1990 is the year that the true Christian people must wake up. It is time to change tactics in this war against us.
(The First of Two Partsy	I
This issue compares the way Israel dealt with a crime of rape i and murder around 1000 B.C.(Judges chapters 19 and 20) with today’s crime of murder by aborticide. Humbh, I ask that you consider my thoughts and pray you find some value in them, though they are radical. It is time to get radical!
It is not my duty, nor responsibility, to make conviction* far you.
It is my responsibility to give the warning as § wan hmar on the wall. My prayer is to encourage the reader into the faithfulness and responsibilities to the gospel. If any of this information be in error I invite correction from my brother* and testers tn j Christ.
C The Focus)
“Operation Rescue** seems to be losing the bank: against oil It is to this cause that I dedicate this issue of The Mining Kr>
PRAYER REQUEST
A brother in Nebraska is going through some very trying times. Cleve has requested we pray and fast for him this coming month. So please, keep Brother Cleve in mind. Ask our Father to keep a particularly close eye in the affairs of his life as he goes into battle against the enemies of Christ. Let's claim a victory for brother Cleve, In the name of Christ.
The killing of our babies is not the battle of" Operation Rescue"
alone. Ii is the duty of all Chris-
tians who wi&h'xi stand with God to ( do battle. We cannot let the en-1 emy win. If it means k&ing every-1
«r ...	^	IIP	 Jr
thing, we must fight for the life of [ our little brothers and sisters. OR I - Will we lose by default? Will we I whimper in silent consent as we I have for years? If wc do not stand I against this evil, how will we face our King who sent us here to take I dominion over the earth? Jere-miah warns us in chapter 48:10: “Cursed be he that does the work of the Lord deceitfully, and cursed be he that keepeth back his sword from blood," And when the Israelite people volunteered to oppose God’s enemies in Judges 5:2. “Praise ye the Lord for the avenging of Israel, when the people willingly offered them- I selves. Bringing victory, ” God blesses those who humble them- J selves and stand up for what is right and just
1
Prayer and fasting is also requested for myself and this ministry as I continue in His service. As I discover the correct method of applying Biblical principles to today's problems, I realize it is very radical. Your prayers are greatly needed.
The Library
1990. was kicked 3 oft ^with an addition to the “Mission of the King.” It is called “The Christian Legacy Library.” You should have already received our first catalog of 45 titles. If you did not receive one, let u$ know and we will send you another*
This library contains many thousands of sermons from England and America datingback to the earfy 1600’s. All books referred to in the newsletter are available through The Christian Legacy Library.
I pray you’ll enjoy this new addition and I encourage you to make good use of it

What about those who did not volunteer to help. Look at Judges 5:23, “Curse ye Meroz, said the angel of the Lord, curse ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the Lord, to the help of the Lord against the mighty" In “The Praying Warrior” written by Hobart Estabrook in 1758, concerning this scripture, we read:
”It is not impossible but some may incur this Curse at this day; there seems to be a real necessity of waging war with our Pagan and Antichrist Enemies, who are cruelly shedding the Blood of our Countrymen, and industriously seeking to deprive us of all our valuable Enjoyments: Our professions, liberties, and lives, ALL lie at stake. ”
It is as true today as it was in 1758 and in 1000 B.C.. God is the same yeaterday, today, and forever.
H^Destr^s Nations^
In "The Bible and the Sword," written by an unknown author in 1812, we read:
"Righteousness exaltheth a nation, says the wise man, but sin is a reproach to any people, and may prove the ruin of the most powerful empire. Violence brought on the deluge - Luxury overthrew Sodom. Cruel usage of the Israelites destroyed Egypt. Complete wickedness caused the extirpation of the Canaanites. Imperiousness, and abuse of power rent ten tribes from the Kingdom of Judah. Pride surlk Babylon. Nineveh and Jerusalem by timely repentance, once reversed their awful doom; but returning to their former sins, they shared the fate of all the states which have filled up the measure of all their iniquities. And have we taken so few strides toward that awful period, as to render national repentance needless
in this day of trouble..."
* *
If national repentance was needed in 1812, how much more is it needed today? Included in this book was a "National Pro-claimation" for fasting and prayer. I am including in this newsletter a proclaimation for prayer and fasting this July. Plan now to attend. Violence, luxury, cruel usage, abusive power and pride were the downfall of nations past. All these sins are florishing in America today, but do not compare with the absolute murder of our little brothers and sisters. However, the passive, submissive, quiet concent of the Christians is far worse than the actual murders. Passive resistance has never worked in the past. It is not working today and will never work in the
future. (Matt 5:13) "Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savor, wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden underfoot of men." It is obvious we are being trampled down under foot of man. Christ gave us the power to tread cm serpants and seor-pians. (Luke 10:19) How can we use this power if we are lying down with picket signs while babies are vmter .ry burned and tom from their protective homes, (tread means to hit sring smite, and strike. #3817 Strongs)
We are in warfare and our little brothers and sisters arc being killed with conventional warfare (knives, suction cups etc) as well as chemical warfare by way of salt solution The) arr attacked, killed, and thrown in dumpsters or sold to cosmetic companies while most Christians donothing We havr Nrcatrx the salt that has lost his savor. We trcsOostfli the drath of cat posterity.
Let's take a look at an example tn scriptunr when the salt ww» present. Let's see how our forefathers dealt with mu* d* re m tn their land. Seethedifletence in the way the Qatitum u «l4r» atr dealing with abortion.
The Pncc of one Cuts IJfe*
Let us examin the nineteenth and twentieth chapim of Judges These chapters bring out the proper sequence of omu whets an evil deed is done in the land. These chapter* describe the cause of a very bloody civil war* It w& a time ia our history thus almost marked the end of the tribe of Beop never forget this event, as it was put in the Bib and application!	__
(jOytniCH^
This event took place about 1000 B.G as rco of Judges. It is a story about a Lev itc girl a ho had a fight with her husband and went to her father’s house. After four months her husband came to make ammends with her. They ferried in her father's house about five days and then traveled toward home. The man was careful to lodge in an Israelite town as described in the nineteenth chapter. They reached the town of Gibeah which belonged to Benjamin. As it turns out, Gibeah ! was similar to Sodom and Gomorrah. The Levite and his wife were planning to sleep in the street since no-one offered them lodging. (No Holiday Inns in those days.) Finally an old man saw their situation and invited them to his home. Well, just like the situation with Lot and the visiting angles, the son’s of Belial came and wanted to "know" the Levite. The old man refused but
v_________________________________________________________
Consider the sequence of events that took place*
1.	)Evil was in the land which caused the woman to die.
2.	) The Levite cut up his wife and sent her to all the coasts of Israel to shock the people into action.
JL) AD that saw it assembled to* geiher to consider the evidence, lake athicc ami speak their
fk)Thi* resulted in the unity of all the men in Israel. All stood as one man ready to go to war*
I*) AJI the men hi brael gathered together to hear the Levite% tes* tamany about this one murder*
fklThe determination was to nut
W
wSfcnQ to stand
in I UJ UUP*.
book
The Missing Key - 3
did offer his daughter and the Levite's wife to these perverted men. The men of the city then forced their way into the house. There was a violent fight, and the Levite was left for dead and the girl, well, the men took the girl and they “knew her” and “abused her all night.” The girl tried to get back to her husband and made it to the front door. She died in the morning with her hand on the threshold. She died from the rape and abusive treatment.
sisters never had a chance to even speak out, except in a silent scream of death.
As stated before, the man cutting up his wife and sending her to all the coast of Israel must have been a hard and terrible thing to do. Apparently, it was needed to shock the men of Israel and cause them to stand as one man against evil. Today, writing letters, picketing, and protesting are not getting the job done. Where is the limit to our apathy?
Her husband came out of the house and, not realizing she was dead, tried to get her up and out of that dreadful town. When he discovered she was dead he took her home and cut her up ’’...into twelve pieces, and sent her into all the coasts of Israel ...allthatsawitsaid, Therewasno such deed done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt unto this day:" (Judges 19:29,30) Cutting up his wife must have been a very difficult thing to do. But surely he knew that protesting and writing letters would not have brought the dramatic display of evidence that the men of Isreal needed to see. The result was the Israelites were shocked and came together as "ONE MAN" to bring justice in Israel.
The Sequence^||)
1.) The Levite sent the parts of his wife to all the coasts of Israel as a graphic demonstration of the evidence and to shock the people into action. We should learn a lesson from this "priest" in Israel. In understanding the difficulty in his action should we not remove the tom and mutilated bodies of our brothers and sisters and send them all around this nation as a graphic display of protest to shock all the Christian men in this country into action? Will it shock them enough to cause them to unite and stand as ONE MAN against this evil as it did in 1000 B.C.? Will they say, "never has such a deed been done since the founding of this country?"

If a picture is worth 1,000 words the the real thing must be worth 1,000 pictures.
(Compare the problem-^)
Now, let’s apply the first part of this event to our situation today. One Israelite girl was abused, raped, and murdered in 1000B.C.. In 1990A.D, we have twenty-five million babies that have been abused with instruments, poisoned and have been murdered by abortion.
5^■
Some might say the situation then and now cannot be compared. - 111 say it another way. Rape and murder are obviously very serious crimes, even against one Israelite girL The murder of our babies is, in fact, twenty-five million times greater. Our brothers and
While the murderers dispose of their deeds in dumpsters and trash bags, wouldn’t it make sense to expose the evidence. Not just pictures but the gorey detailed evidence. Perhaps it should be put on the preachers pulpits on Sunday mornings or in restrauants and other public buildings. The babies are already dead. Would this not be better than letting them rot silently in dumpsters or be sold to cosmitic companies, | or be shipped out to be fed to pigs? Perhaps when the people, all around the land, are exposed to this neglected evidence unity will follow.
The Missing Key -4
2.	) The next thing that happened was all the children of Israel gathered as one man to hear the testamony of the Levite. After the testa-mony was given, all the people arose as one man saying these murderers must die.
3.	) The Israelite people went to Gibeah to comfront the Benjamites and instructed them to turn the perverts over so they may be put to death. The Benjamites refused and protected the perverts rather than see justice done.
The sons of Belial in 1000 B.C. were protected by the Benjamin tribe. The sons of Belial in 1990 are protected by the government and the socialists who work against Christian principles. The sons of Belial felt the wrath of God through Israel carrying out God’s Judgement. The sons of Belial 1990 will feel the wrath of God either through His servants again, or; if there is not a man to stand, then through the hand of God, Himself.
With God’s instruction to go to battle, eighteen thousand men of war, died that day!
The Israelites had two choices. They could give up and leave the Benjamites alone, or they could seek the Face of God to find the right method to execute His justice. We have the same choice. We have lost all the battles in the fight against abortion, so far. In fact we have not reversed one, single, ungodly trend in this land for many years. What a dilemma the children of Israel must have been in. What a dilemma we are in.
With the heavy losses the Israelites were still willing to go back into battle. What about us? What are we going to do about the continued murder of our brothers and sisters?
The desperate and broken children of Israel went up to the house of God, and wept before Him. But, they did something a little different this time.
400,000 Israelite Men of War Gather as One and Draw the Sword Against Injustice
J
Israel began to bring their brothers to reason by	-	—-... j - - - -
force of arms. The children of Israel went to the	\J3ods Method-	j
house of God to ask Him which ofthe children of The third time, they fasted until evening as they Israel should go into battle against their brothers $9ughtYah. In their confusion and humbleness, in the tribe of Benjamin. Our Father instructed God sP°kc ,0 ,hem about whether they should Judah to go first. Judah lost that day with twenty- g® back into battle or Quit, two thousand brave
men.
The children of Israel went to the house of God, the second time in griefj and wept until evening and asked for counsel of God. He sent them a second time into battle. Israel lost again.
With God’s instruction to go to battle, eighteen thousand men of war, died that day!_________
As they wept and fasted to God, He said “Go up, for tomorrow I will deliver them into thine hand. ” The children of Israel won that day as God delivered twenty-five thousand one hundred Benjamites into Israel’s hand. Not only did the Israelites win, but they won with ease, though the Benjamites were men of valor and experienced soldiers. Those that were left alive went running into the wilderness. They ran not because of Israel. They ran because of the wrath of God!
Now carefully consider the first two battles. The righteousness of the cause, even with divine approval, does not guarantee victory for those who fight for justice. This is a good lesson to see why many who stand for right today will fall to the sword tomorrow. Notice, God gave the order to go into battle, but never said they would have victory. Why? We, like they, have to humble ourselves before victory comes. Notice, in the third battle, the children of Israel humbled themselves with fasting and prayer. At that point God said,”...I will deliver them into thine hand.” At best, we are only an instrument used by God to execute His judgement. "Thou art My battle ax and weapons of war; with thee will I break in pieces and with thee I will destroy kingdoms" (Jere. 51:20) Until we humble ourselves, God will not heal our land nor forgive our sins (II Cron. 7:14). , Victory will be an illusion until we humble ourselves, but once we learn this principal we cannot lose no matter what the odds are.
Think about those that go into battle today. Whether it is picketing abortion mills, Washington or whatever. We have clearly not been doing it God’s way. If we were we would surely have victory. Almighty God has not left us alone, though His enemies would like us to think so. The children of Israel have been losing, and will continue losing until we do it His way. We have been looking at God through our troubles. We
should be looking at our troubles through God.
Y It's time to stop picketing ^ 1 government and begin 1 petitioning our Almighty God;
Because of our arrogance, stiff necked attitude, and deep rooted sin, we have already suffered great losses in the war that has been declared against Christians. Civil war is the worst and bloodiest of all wars. However, it is preferable (as God showed by three answers in our story) to the horrible consequences of allowing murder, rape arid other evils to continue generation after generation.
From the "Bible and the Sword"; "It is better to maintain order and execute justice with the loss of thousands of men, than let oppressive rulers take away our rights and liberties with impunity. Evil men are driven by their lusts, plundering, and cruelty"
Originally government was established in this land as a servant of the people, by the people, and for the people to enforce God’s Law. In other words, when a person sinned against God’s Laws it was the civil and religious duty of the government to stop lawbreakers as an arm of the people. Hence, we had a Christian government established by Christian people, to enforce God’s Laws, for the benefit of the Christian body, to keep it healthy and pure. However, this is not the case with the government rooted in this land today.
Some Christians honestly believe we are to love this evil system and evil people. They say Jesus is the Prince of peace and the Gospel is the Gospel of peace. Jesus is the God of love and we shall not hurt nor destroy on God’s holy mountain. I disagree and so did our forefathers. From the words in "The Bible and the Sword"-
"OiirLord who said to his Apostles, That a kind of raging spirit goeth not out but by fasting andprayer. He also said to them, He that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one. And they said, Lord behold, there are two swords. And He said, it is enough, (Luke22:36,38). I'll grant that when Peter drew the sword, and (rashly) struck a servant of the High Priest, Jesus said unto him; "put up again thy sword into its place, for they that take up the sword (to use it rashly, without any order and without any probability of success) shall parish by the sword." (Matt: 26:52). From the whole of this evangelical account, it appears that our Lord allows His followers the use of the sword; and that he only blames it when it is precipitate, and likely to answer no other end than that of throwing the triumphant friends of vice into a greater rage."
If all men were Christians and all Christians
were led by the Spirit of Christ, there would be no need to draw the sword. Only justice, love, and truth would be in this world. Reason dictates there are wicked people that use the sword against the children of the Living God. The Christians must use the sword in defence of virtue, justice and liberty. If evil men use the sword unchecked, would not God be letting them have the Kingdom, the power, and the glory?
The day shall come when Nations will not war any more. This is not that day! It is foolish to compare the duty of Christians Irving among murderers and lawless men with the dtrf> of Christians living in a time when there shall he war no more. If Christianity allows a man to he a soldier, than reason dictates that it allows him to stand and fight for righteousness If the Gnspd allows a man to fight, it must be lawful, nay a u highly necessary, to fast and pnty before engage * ment. This is done to adjust our attitude and to humble ourselves, litis must be done to fight as
a Christian to!
otr, in order to do what a nec* cssary in a Ch r ist •like manor, .
^Temptations of the Christian Soldier	^
persuing worldly pleasures and possessions.
We all must bear our part in this solemn duty. As a Christian body, it is our sins that fill up the cup of inequity and national guilt. We have pro-I voked God to send the pagans and antichrists to I rise up against us. Each of us must carry the I weight and measure of our sins and unite to hold up the hands of those who are called to fight Just as the sword of Israel only prevailed when l^Aaron and Hur held up the hands of Moses as he
prayed. If we do not unite in this battle we shall] be guilty of inconsiderate laziness, uncharitable-ness, and basic ingratitude.
We must pray and fast for virtue which may even draw the love and respect of Christ’s enemies. After all, we are a peculiar people. We are citizens of the Kingdom of Heaven. We are ambassadors. We are Christian soldiers.
Fasting goes to even greater depths. We, who have been caBed out, must not only fas! and pray for ourselves, but also for brothers and sisters
that	have not	been enlig	htenec		1 and continue to
woe	k for the	enemy, Tl	is mi	ly	be hard for most
of 1	s to da	However	, for	c	"Kristians, it is a
sent		^fisif luinic %	!Uf¥>	c	kid said we are to
lows	i our cnei	Ms and p	vy ft	IT	them that use us.
Out	hearts si	touldbe ful	1 of 1	Jjf	•forgiveness, and
Ghr	Man syi	apathy at i	lAOt	he	>r opportunity to
	NWh |fw	throne of]	ficav	Cl	i for our unhappy
and	drccfmJ	brothers as	id tk	te	n, In this method
fJt mm m p	vnyev an	f hung i	m pr		f that God would
ope	a itself c	yes and tts	m tl	le	lr hearts back to
Chs	V fjjf	gives them			iport unity to join
our	efforts m	ad serve o	1ST K	in	g, This will pro*
mole a speedy reconciliation to a lasting union and strengthen the Christian body.
The Absence of Christ; the Reason for Fast- | mg’*;- "Is u not that the Supreme Ruler, by a course I of revolutions, convulsions, and changes, is gradu- / ally but resistlessty bringing on the triumph of pure j Christianity ? Do we need to be reminded that all systems and institutions which make religion a secular or secondary affair; which place consid-era tions of worldly policy, emolument, ambition, of party or sectional interest, of unrighteous gain above spiritual interests and the honor of God, must be overthrown? They must fall, though the world should tremble to its center at the crash. No well-instructed pupil of the sabbath school doubts this. BehoU the predicted magnificence and power of the Messiah's kingdom! God in history, and God in the Bible, assure us that pure Christianity must advance, whatever institutions and governments and influences oppose it. Let convulsion j
I follow convulsion; let change succeed change. | The stone cut without hands from the mountain I will become a great mountain, and fill the whole j earth. Our Saviour assures us, *Whosoever shall I fall on this stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powderThe | principle couched in these words is as applicable to governments as it is to individuals. Righteousness exalts a nation. Christ's kingdom, in its noiseless I but resistless advance, overturns all governments | which are not founded upon practical justice, genuine freedom, and true religion. His kingdom comes not, it is true, with observation, not with external pomp and splendor, not in word, but in \ powerf
:	i
I ‘But what a mighty impulse should be given to the 1 cause of Christ. Should all who are named with I His name, in this land, of all sects and denomina-I tions, unite, whole-hearted and fearless, in opposi-j tion to the common foe? How would the morning stars sing together, and all the sons of God shout for joy? What new delight in heaven and on earth ! would be known? All Christians in name, in our \ land, awake from their sleep of worldliness, arise,
| and receive light from Christ! The church in this land, should, as one man, obey Christ's com-j mand, ‘Deny thyself, take up thy cross, and follow i me;' ‘Come out from the world, and be ye septi-I rate."
I The Israelites of 1000 B.C. had unity and might.
1 However they were powerless against the Ben-I jamites without fasting and prayer.
The Christians today have neither unity nor might. However IF we will humble ourselves | with fasting and prayer we WILL have the j ancT...power to tread on serpants and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy and nothing | shall by any means hurt you.” (Luke 10:19)
j This is what we lack in our fight against abortion. This is the key that Christ gave to the Church which makes nothing impossible unto us. I know it sounds too simple, but remember, God Him I self chose this method. Simple! Try it!
The Missing Key »6
Faith = Action, based on Belief,
Asserted with Confidence.
iH
We must stop asking government to right the wrongs in this land. The Bible teaches us that WE are required to carry out justice. If we cannot come together in fasting and prayer we will never be in a position to unite in a call to arms. We have a long way to go.
So, first let’s have a call to action. Let’s continue with weekly fasting and prayer. Plan now to attend the second national prayer and fast gathering on Mt. Magazine in Arkansas this coming July. (Proclamation enclosed) There we may unite under our Great Captain and Head of the Christian body. We will fast and pray together as one heart, one voice, and one Christian body. Each evening we will study God’s Laws and discuss what action should be taken. With humble confidence the Lord God of hosts will hear our plea for true national repentance. Then we may be ready to say; "the sword of the Lord and of Gideon, and the sword of the Lord and of Gideon" and establish the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you are in agreement and would like to unite ost the basic Christian foundation of fasting and prayer (putting aside our minor theological differences) please write or call to let me knowyour stand. We need the Christian body to work together.
Here is a pertinent letter I read which was published in "The Jubilee" newspaper (Nov./Dec. issue)P.O.Box 310 Midpines, California.
Crossing The Line
by Charles Cheshire
*7 am writing this little story to exhort you Christians out there in the abortion issue. First, I would like to say that I have been incarcerated now for 26 months because I crossed the line. The Bible says count the cost before building a house, and you, as 1 did, must count the cost before engaging in this
f	1 I
Jr	§
\ ; battle we find ourselves in. Are you willing to pay
the price and sacrifice what little freedoms you
have left? That's what you have to ask yourself.
The next question is, is it worth fighting for?
Let me give you a little history in my case for example, I was your everyday Christian, I mean, I attended church, went to Bible studies and prayed a lot. I thought I was doing pretty good, then one day I was faced with a decision. A woman had come to our church and told us the truth about abortion. My wife and I went home convicted of our lack of doing something about this, but I really was not sure if what I heard was true. So I set out to find out for myself.
It was a Saturday night about two a.m. and the bars were closing near a large university where I lived. I drove to an abortion clinic, I was nervous but knew that Iliad to do what I was doing. I slid the side door open and shined my flashlight inside the dumpster. What I saw would change my life forever.
There, laying on top of some trash, was a hand reaching towards me as if to say help. I reached down and grabbed that little hand and pulled it towards me but that's all there was, just a hand that had been ripped apart from its body! I must say that for a strongman I broke down and cried. I was not sure why I cried, I just did. I knew then that what I had heard that night at church waslrue.
1
I continued to go back to that clinic and two others that were in our city and each time I always found a baby larger than the one before. I always wondered what I would do if I ever found a baby alive.
I stopped going when I found a baby that was about 6 or 7 months old and bigger than my hand.
Back to my decision I was faced with, and we are all faced with. What am I gonna do about this? There are many ways to fight abortion but all require a price to be paid. There are legislative means, Operation Rescue, making the public aware of the issue and my method, which I call * Architectural Redesign. " The bottom-line is this, whatever you choose to do about this issue check into it thoroughly and do not waver. Our purpose is to save babies. I consider my 5 year prison term and $267,000 restitution a small price to pay, for LIFE".
Mr. Cheshire gives a graphic discription of the reality of abortion. Maybe we all need to see what he saw in that abortion clinic dumpster to wake us up to the horror which is occuring in every community in this land.
It is true there are many ways to fight abortion and all require a price to be paid. The problem with our efforts so far is they have been very ineffective. In an article from U.S.A. Today 'newspaper, July 7,1989 pg 2A it reads. "We've had 16 years of lobbying and letter writing and pickets at abortion clinics and there has been no decrease in the number of abortions performed in this country," says Mark Lucas of Operation Rescue. "That tells us that the pro-life movement has been ineffective in slowing down the killing of unborn children."
There is only one way to fight abortion and WIN. That way is God's way. Wake up from your sleep Christian soldier, deny yourself, take up your cross, and follow Christ.
2nd NATIONAL CHRISTIAN PROCLAMATION
FOR THREE DAYS OF FASTING AND PRAYER, JULY 2nd - JULY 5th 1990
HISTORICAL CUSTOM -According to a praiseworthy custom of this country, it has been the indispensable duty, to devoutly acknowledge the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, especially in times of approaching danger, and public calamity. His people have always honored and adored His unchanging justice with His super impending judgement as well as His merciful interposition for their deliverance. His people, at a time appointed, humbled themselves with fasting, prayer and repentance before Almighty God. This was done to plead His forgiveness of their sin; personal and national, turn away His fierce anger and to return His blessings upon them. As the time is now approaching history is once again repeating itself. It has become obvious that catastrophe to the great United States of America is inescapable unless we (His people), once again resort to this historical custom and duty.
PRESENT STATUS Insomuch as we know, that by His divine law, nations like individuals are subjected to punishment and chastisement in this world. We may justly fear that the awful approaching calamity which is becoming oppressive upon our nation, is but a punishment inflicted upon us for our arrogant sins. We have been the recipients of the choicest blessings of Heaven. We have been preserved these many years in peace and prosperity. We have grown in numbers, wealth and power as no other nation has ever grown. But, we have forgotten our Godl We have forgotten the gracious Hand which preserved us in peace, and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us. We have vainly imagined, in the deceitfulness of our hearts, that all these blessings were produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us! This has resulted in the loss of our former great state of liberty. It behooves us then, to humble ourselves before our Almighty God, that we have offended, to confess our national sins and to pray for mercy and forgiveness: Lest we become the image of Sodom and Gomorrah!
It is the duty of nations as well as of men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgressions in humble sorrow; yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon, and to recognize the divine truth, announced in the Holy Scriptures (both old and new testament) and proven by all history: that those nations only are blessed whose God is YAH (Psalms 68:4).
WHO, WHEN, WHERE /kfter identifying the Supreme Authority and just Government of Almighty God, I have thought it appropriate, and many years delinquent, to appoint such a time for prayer, fasting and repentance considering the circumstances in this Nation. Recognizing the council of our ancient forefathers established by history, written down in the Holy Scriptures (both old and new testament), as well as the history and documentation through research established by our recent forefathers that founded this land: I Billy Hurd, an Ambassador of Christ (2Cor.5:20), of the Kingdom of Heaven, do hereby appoint a three day fast, July the next. Monday evening the second to Thursday evening the fifth, 1990 Y.O.S. (year of our Saviour) to be a time of public humiliation with fasting, prayer and repentance in this Nation. Let all ministers of God’s Holy Word, with their several congregations, spare neither age nor sex, low nor high, free nor bond. Let the House of Jacob hear our plea, from the lowest house to the Throne of God. As God is our witness, I do hereby ask all Christians to see that this time be observed as a period set apart for this long overdue religious Christian "duty". I do hereby request all Christians to abstain during this time from their ordinary secular pursuits, and to unite, at the top of Mt. Magazine in Arkansas as a central
gathering point, or in their respective homes, in keeping this time holy to our God Yah. Devoted to the humble discharge of the religious duties proper to this solemn occasion thereon. All Christians everywhere are invited and encouraged to join together on the top of this mountain, as one Christian body, to see and feel the power of Yah!
INTENT AND PLEA TO GOD
All Christian denominations, may thereon prostrate themselves before the Throne of Grace and our Great King Jesus Christ. Meekly confessing our sins and beseeching Almighty God (Yah). Not withstanding our unworthiness that He would be pleased to continue His gracious providence over us; and to give us the strength, knowledge and wisdom to remove the scales from our spiritual eyes and give us the opportunity for genuine repentance and forgive our sins. That He would bless us with His Grace. That we may amend our lives according to His Word, and finally be accepted by Him through the merits and meditations upon our Saviour. This is to pray that our God will be pleased to regard His people of this land with His eye of Mercy though we have become an abomination unto Him.
All this being done, in sincerity and truth, let us then rest humbly in the hope authorized by the Divine teachings. Let the united cry oi this nation be heard on high and answered with blessings no less than the pardon of our national sins and the restoration of our now divided and suffering country, to its former happy condition of unity and peace. Furthermore, as stated in Isaiah 58:6 "...to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?". To make us fully sensible that our dependence must be on His Power and Grace alone. To deliver us from all the evils we feel or fear. That He would not leave us to trust in an arm of flesh. That He would preserve us from all unlawful and unjustifiable means to obtain redress. To pray for the pouring out of the HOLY SPIRIT upon His people for the revival of our true religion and virtue in this nation and through out the Christian world that has not been seen since the time of Nineveh.
THE FOCUS
The blackest and most disgraceful abomination of all time is that of the murder of our unborn babies. So far, it is obvious the Christians are helpless against this evil. Most of us have become a partaker of this sin with our continued silent consent. I wish to dedicate this particular fast to take a stand against this atrocity. To seek direction from our Father to renew our savor as the salt of the earth, (Matt. 5:13) and appeal to Him to restore our power to deal with this horror and tread on those murders (or serpents and scorpions). (Luke 10:19) That God would bless us with this power in what ever form it may be to stop this murder called abortion.
Unborn child » The individual human Me in existence and developing from fertilization until birth.*
Abortion - The knowing destruction of the life of an unborn child or the intentional expulsion or removal of an unborn child from the womb other than for the principal purpose of producing a live birth or removing a dead fetus,*
Abortionist - One who criminally produces abortions, or one who follows business or practices of crime of producing abortions.*
♦BLACK’S LAW DICTIONARY Fifth Edition
for details write to:	MISSION	OF	THE	KINO
P.O .Box 98
Tel. (501) 947-2220 BLUE MOUNTAIN, ARKANSAS
1