FREE SPEECH • FEBRUARY 1997 • VOLUME III, NO. II
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only unoensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $800 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for use.
IN THIS ISSUE Of PmsmCH


Thoughts on Discrimination
S Dr, William Pierce
m
11


Millenni
Dr. William

The Rule of Law
Dr. William Pierce
Hope for the Future
Dr. William Pierce

FS/ADV News
Thoughts on Discrimination
A Word that Once Meant “Good Judgment" Now Implies Sinfulness
A Lot of crazy things are going on these days, some of which strike us as more obviously crazy than others. One of the more obviously crazy things which has come to my attention recently is a fight between two associations of high school wrestling coaches and referees in Texas on the one hand and feminist groups on die other hand. The feminists are insisting that high school girls be permitted to wresde high school boys. The Texas Wrestling Officials Association and the Texas Interscholastic Wrestling Association are saying, “No way.* So the parents of a couple of high school girls in Texas, backed by the feminist groups, liavc sued the wrestling officials, charging them with bigotry, sexism, and all die usual things. The wresding officials say that they are willing to sponsor sepa-rate wresding matches for girl wrestlers, but no giii^s^boy matches. The
You Shouldn’t Discriminate Against Himl
Blong mao:	Ha	K an organizer for
Hmong immigrants rights, (Ha wants to keep his disability and Social Security checks coming in.)
feminists claim to be insulted by this offer. They are demanding sexually integrated wresding. The American Civil Liberties Union, among the groups backing the feminists, has announced that the wrestling officials clearly are guilty of "discrimination.” You know, it used to be that "discrimination” was considered an essential faculty of every adult person. An undiscriminating person is a person without taste or judgment, a person who does not distinguish between the good and the bad, between low quality and high quality, between what is acceptable and what is not. But nowadays, in this Alice in Wonderland world we're living in, "discrimination” has become the ultimate sin, and every Politically Correct person must declare himself free not only of any actual practice of discrimination but also of any tendency or desire to discriminate.
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
You Shouldn’t Discriminate Against Him!
An unnamed 'queer model”: He is modeling black lace panties with appiiqued red and purple hearts (not pictured).
Actually, it’s not quite that simple. Politically Correct people do not discriminate between Black and White, between male and female, between homosexual and heterosexual, between crippled and healthy, and a number of other things: the list of categories which are not subject to discrimination seems to grow a bit every year. But Politically Correct people are permitted to be discriminating about some things. They discriminate between “good” people and “bad” people, for example. “Good” people arc Politically Correct people. “Bad” people are people who are still
discriminating about things which it is no longer Politically Correct to be discriminating about.
Actually, the situation eventually will become much simpler, if the trend of the last 20 years or so continues for a few more years. Eventually everyone will be Politically Correct, and no form of discrimination at all will be tolerated. Already we can see broad, new categories developing which will not be subject to discrimination a few years from now.
Consider, for example, the difference between bright people and not-so-bright people, or between capable
people and not-so-capable people, or between industrious people and lazy people. For years the forces of Political Correctness have been waging a campaign in our schools and universities to eliminate such discrimination. They have been arguing that intelligence cannot really be measured and that IQ tests and other tests of intelligence or aptitude should be done away with.
Now, part of the reason they don't want anyone to discriminate on the basis of intelligence is tied to their objections to discriminating between Blacks and Whites. But it goes further than that. They really are opposed to making any sort of distinctions between people based on ability:	either natural ability or
acquired ability. They want to do away with grades in school courses and with examinations. Giving grades makes those who don't get “A”s feel bad, they complain. And, really, they say, all such distinctions are meaningless, because everyone is bom with the same abilities, and if some of us don't do as well in our school work as others, it's only because we didn't get the right kind of potty training or something of the sort. Right?
You know, if I'd talked like this ten years ago about discrimination based on intelligence, you would have thought 1 was going overboard. You would have thought 1 was being unfair to accuse people who were against discrimination on the basis of race also of being against discrimination on the basis of ability. You would have thought that being against racial discrimination is one thing, but being against discrimination based on ability is something quite different. If we couldn't discriminate on the basis of ability, our country couldn't survive; we'd sink back into savagery, you would have thought. And you would have been right about that last part.
And actually, the reason we are sinking back into savagery, the reason our country already has been half destroyed, is largely because we stopped discriminating on the basis of race and sex and sexual orientation and a number of other things some time ago.
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
3
You Shouldn’t Discriminate Against Him!
Fred Brooks: He ran something called the “Nashville Hate School” with Federal money in the 1960’s.
And now the campaign to stop discrimination on the basis of ability has gained enough ground that you realize I'm not exaggerating when 1 talk about it. If you examine your own feelings, I'll bet that you'll find that the media brainwashing campaign against ability discrimination already has had an effect on you. I'll bet that if you are a teacher you will feel a little squeamish about opposing those who want to do away with grading. You'll flinch at the thought of the torrent of hatred and abuse you know the anti-discrimination types will pour on you. I'll bet that if you are the personnel director for a company, you'll be hesitant to initiate a program of intelligence testing for new job applicants. I mean, after all, doesn't it seem somehow . . . not quite democratic ... to make distinctions based on ability or intelligence? Isn't that a little like racism?
You wouldn't have believed me if I'd told you ten years ago that the people opposed to the concept of racial discrimination also would oppose the concept of physical beauty. You'd have thought me crazy if I'd told you that the racial equality people eventually would be arguing that it's not fair to judge people on the basis of physical appearance or to deem some people as better looking than others. You would have thought me completely out of touch with reality if I'd told you that beauty contests soon would become Politically Incorrect.
And when the feminists really began to get noisy with their demands for “equality” 20 or 30 years ago, I'll bet you didn't believe that the government and the media ever would go so for as to force military academies to accept women as cadets and integrate women into our armed forces right alongside the men, subjecting them to rape by Black drill instructors. And I'll bet some of you slow learners out there still don't believe that the government will be sending women into combat within the next three or four years.
One can see the same sort of progression in the matter of discrimination between homosexuals and heterosexuals. Ten years ago the anti-discrimination people offered a carefully limited view of wliat they wanted
to achieve in ending discrimination involving homosexuals. They just wanted to get rid of the laws making homosexual activity illegal, they said. They just wanted homosexuals to be able to have their gay bars and their gay bath houses and to be able to kiss and fondle each other in public without being harassed by the police.
Then, after that, they wanted laws making it illegal to refuse to hire a homosexual or to refuse to rent an apartment to a homosexual couple. A little later they wanted the armed forces to scrap their rule against homosexuals in military service.
And now they are demanding a total lack of discrimination between homosexuals and heterosexuals — and also an end to discrimination between homosexuality and heterosexuality as paradigms, as models for life. Now the Politically Correct position is that homosexuality is Just as natural and
acceptable an orientation and lifestyle as heterosexuality, and that we should not distinguish in any way between the two.
And it wasn't too long ago that the anti-discrimination people began pushing their program for equalizing women and men in sports and athletic activity. At first the demands were only for giving women whatever men had:	if	a	school	had a men's
football team, then it had to have a women's football team also, with all of the same facilities; just having a women's volleyball team wasn't good enough. Then women journalists had to have access to the locker rooms of male athletes, just the way male journalists did. And now, in Texas, we're seeing the next phase of the program, with the demand that we pretend that there's no difference at all between men and women, and so we must sexually integrate wres-
€> 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
ding matches: we must let die girls wrestle the boys*
Now, there are several lessons for us in all of this craziness. First, it's easy to see that this compulsion to be undiscnminating is a progressive diseases it doesn't stop at any point; it just gets worse and worse. It starts off as a mildly wacky denial of reality and progresses to total insanity.
Second, it is a disease to which most normal, otherwise sane people are susceptible. They don’t ordinarily develop the disease by themselves, but it can be induced in them by a suffi-aendy skillful and prolonged brainwashing campaign. What I’m saying is that ordinary, reasonable people can be made to believe the most extraordinary and unreasonable things, if they are subjected to prolonged brainwashing. Of course, it must be done in stages. If you want to convince a group of people that allmale wrestling matches ought to be made illegal, because they discriminate between men and women, you don’t start out with that proposition. If you do, you'll be laughed out of town:	or	better	yet,	ridden	out	of
town on a rail after being tarred and feathered. You start by persuading the people that ids not fair for schools to spend more money on athletic programs for boys than on athletic programs for girls. After you've done that, you persuade them that equally funded but separate athletic programs for boys and girls are inherendy unfair to girls, that the programs ought to be integrated. And so on. You get the picture.
And if you want to persuade a whole race that it is unfair and unreasonable for it to use its schools and its universities to pass on its traditions and its history and its myths to the next generation of the race — if you want to persuade them that it would be wrong to teach young people that their history is more important or relevant than the history of the Tutsis or the Zulus or die Hottentots, and so the schools either should teach no history or they should devote equal time and emphasis to the traditions, history, and myths of every race	you
don't start out with that proposition. You gradually work up to dial over a
It’s Fine to Discriminate Against Him!
A rural White male who is fond of firearms: Could he be harboring thoughts against the government?
period of 20 years or so, taking the people one step at a time.
And, of course, if you want to persuade a nation's people of something that really goes against their grain, something that is completely at odds with reality and contrary to common sense — for example, that there's no difference between Blacks and Whites except skin color — you really need to have a powerful brainwashing tool at your disposal: something like television, say. But if you and your fellow brainwashers own Hollywood and constitute the most powerful single group in the radio and television business and besides that own the three or four biggest and most influential newspapers in the country, and if you are willing to spend 20 or 30 years at it, you can convince people of just about anything, no matter how absurd or outrageous. You can even convince them that discrimination, instead of being a faculty necessary for human survival and progress and the maintenance of a civilization is an evil thing and ought not to be used at all.
It's possible to do this, because most people desperately want to be like other people. They want other people to think well of diem, to approve of them. They want to beiiave in a way they believe is
expected of them. This need to con-form is so strong in most people that it can override reason. It is a much older and more primitive, more deeply rooted faculty than reason.
This need to conform, this need to believe whatever you think other people believe, is what lies behind the social phenomenon known as “fashion. ” It is what causes everybody to hum the same popular ditty at the same time, and then to forget it at the same time. It is what makes so many children want exacdy the same type of toy, a Tickle Me Elmo or whatever, at the same time. It is what made people cheer the burning of witches 300 years ago. It is what makes people today parrot the idiotic notion that more racial and cultural diversity in a community leads to greater strength.
Now, this need to conform that most people have is not a bad thing in itself. In fact, it is a necessary social trait. Just as the ability to discriminate leads to progress, the need to conform leads to social cohesion and stability.
It poses a great danger to us now, however, because the development of the mass media during this century and the concentration of the control of the mass media in the hands of a small, tightly cohesive, alien group makes it possible for this alien minority to manipulate people, to manipulate their beliefs, in destructive ways.
The Jews who dominate the mass media understand the dynamics of manipulating public opinion. The brainwashers understand that they don't have to convince people that something is right or good; in (act, they don't even try. They just convince people that other people believe it is right or good. They convince people that a new idea is becoming fashionable, and that in itself is enough to make the new idea actually become fashionable, if the campaign is kept up.
Thus, for example, if the aim is to persuade White Americans that the government should not try to halt illegal immigration — that it would be bad to do anything really effective to halt illegal immigration, such as tell* ing our Border Patrol to shoot anyone seen trying to cross our border illegally — the brainwashers don’t actu-
# 1997 • National Vanguard books • box 330 I Hiilifepw i WV 14944 a $40/y*ui
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
5
ally argue the pros and cons of illegal immigration. Instead they'll insinuate the idea into people's minds that other people don't approve of using strong measures against illegal immigrants. For instance, they'll focus news coverage on a case where the police chase and catch a truck full of illegal immigrants and are a little rough in arresting them. And then they'll have some politician say that the police were too rough. And then they'll report that the police have been reprimanded by their superiors. And thus the idea will be formed in the public mind that the behavior of the police is disapproved by many people. And then they'll use another incident in a similar way. And then another and another and another. And grad-
ually they will build up the idea in the public mind that most people disapprove of getting tough with illegal immigrants. And so, in order to conform to this artificially manufactured perception, they themselves will disapprove of getting tough with illegal immigrants.
So if you're a person who still has a little contact with reality and you believe that it's crazy to force high school wresding teams to be sexually integrated, you can understand now that the right thing for you to do is not waste your time arguing that it's not good for boys and girls to fight against each other on the wresding mat. The right thing to do is help me to continue building alternative media for reaching the public. We cannot
win the struggle to save our civilization and our people from the craziness that is overtaking us until we regain control of our mass media. We must take them out of the hands of the Jews and return them to our own people. And a step on the way to doing that is to support this program, to tell your friends about it, to send donations, and to do everything else you can to help us reach more people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thoughts on Discrimination,” aired on January 11, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
The End of the Millennium
What Will the Next Thousand Years Bring?
As we move into the last Presidential administration of this millennium, it may be useful for us to survey our recent past and think about how we can do better in the future. If we are to survive the next millennium, we really must avoid some of the mistakes we made in this one: especially in this last century of the millennium.
The 20th century has not been a good one for us. In the 19th century we were doing pretty well. Our people ruled the planet, and no other race posed a threat to us, either demo-graphically or militarily. The 19th century was a wonderfully creative century for music, for painting, for poetry, for literature, for philosophy, for fundamental science. It was a wonderful century for our race and for our civilization generally.
And in the 19th century we had more freedom than we had experienced in a long time — and a lot more freedom than we have left at the end of the 20th century. Of course, you won't agree with dial if you think of freedom as something which the government gives you: a handout or special protection or a law requiring other people to give you something
you couldn't get on your own. In the 19th century our people were much more free than they are now to do what they wanted without government interference. They had more elbow room and fewer taxes, fewer laws, fewer meddling bureaucrats. Ideas flowed more freely. No one had invented Political Correctness. The 19th century was the White man's century.
Of course, the 18th century and the 17th century and all the centuries before that had been White men's centuries too. It had always been a White world — until the latter half of this century. In the 19th century, however, we made some big mistakes, which paved the way for the disasters of the 20th century. In the United States we freed all of our slaves and then failed to get rid of them by sending them back where they'd come from. We just turned them loose to fend for themselves among us — and to multiply. In Europe we opened the ghettos and permitted Jews to begin participating in our cultural, political, and economic life: a really big mistake, but one whose consequences didn't hit us until the present century.
In the 20th century we have let ourselves be maneuvered into two disastrous world wars, in which we destroyed much of our best racial stock. We permitted Jewish Bolshevism to rise up and consume half of Europe. In this century we saw the rise of the mass media under Jewish influence. We saw the breakdown of most of our traditions, our morals, our manners — and the rise of a lunatic egalitarianism which has made a shambles of our civilization. We saw the corruption of our culture by a wave of lunatic modernism in music, in the graphic and plastic arts, and in literature. We saw the rise of “diversity” and “multiculturalism” and miscegenation and the destruction of our cities. We saw the rise of feminism and homosexuality and every other sort of perversion and filth. We saw this filth declared normal, even admirable, by the media and sanctioned by legislation. We saw our political system become an obscenely corrupt circus, culminating in eight years of Bill Clinton.
The disaster of the 20th century has been concealed from us to a certain extent because the scientific advances we made in the 19th century
@ 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
free speeci
for February 1997
“The Valley of Yosemite,” an oil painting by Albert Bierstadt, 1864
The 19th century was wonderfully creative for painting and other arts.
kd to enormously powerful techno-logical developments in this century. The flowering of our technology and the overwhelming effect technology has had on our economy and our lifestyles has fooled many of us into believing that our civilization is still making progress. The intellectual developments leading to the automobile, the airplane, radio and television, and even the computer all had been made in the 19th century, but only in this century were these advances translated into large-scale applications affecting the lives of everyone. We have many more shiny toys and appliances and took today than ever before, but we have practically destroyed the civilization out of which these things grew » and we are well on die way to destroying the race which created diat civilization.
The greatest physical threat our people are facing today is diat of wtui our enemies worship as “diversity-" It is the direat of becoming over-witelmed everywiiere by hordes of nomWlute*. It is die threat of being
outnumbered even on our own turf. It is the threat of losing our breeding area and becoming submerged in the rising tide of non-Whites everywhere. It is an urgent, immediate threat. If we do not eliminate it in the next few years, then in the coming century it will destroy us completely.
That is the great physical threat to our existence which we must fight. But before we can hope to eliminate that threat we must eliminate the moral threat to our existence which has caused the physical threat. We must deal with the moral breakdown which has led so many of our own people to look forward eagerly to the physical annihilation of our race. We I lave an utterly sick moral atmosphere nearly everywhere which makes many of our people feel that It is wicked to be concerned about the survival of our race. It is a moral sickness which makes so-called "racism” die greatest of sins and equates any concern or feeling for our own race with that sin.
It is perfeedy all right, of course, to be concerned about the survival of Blacks or Indians or Jews — but not Whites. White children are being taught by television and by their churches and by their schools that White people are responsible for everything that is bad in the world, and that the world will be a better and happier place when there are no more White people in it — and that to try to protect or preserve the White race is to commit the unforgivable sin
_ r a_ i___n
or racism.
Of course, much of that teaching is still tacit, still implicit, but it is be coming more and more explicit every day. The government is involved in it, the churches are involved in it — but the driving force behind that teaching is in the mass media, especially the entertainment media. Nearly every film, nearly every new television show pushes the same ideas over and oven racial mixing is good; miscegenation is good; mote non-White immigration is good* more divciiit. is good; more multi*
1997 » National Vunguunl tioult* • tiux HO . Hilliboro *	'*
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
7
culturalism is good; more affirmative action is good; and any opposition to these tilings is bad, bad, bad.
Perhaps you think I exaggerate this situation, but 1 do not. As I said, much of this poison which is being pumped into the souls of the American people is disguised and indirect and implicit, but believe me, it is there, and it is deliberate; it is calculated by the people who control the mass media.
1*11 give you an example of my own experience in this regard. The organization which I head, the National Alliance, distributes a three-inch by five-inch sticker with a simple message, intended to be as inoffensive as possible. Hie message is: "Earth's most endangered species: the White race. Help preserve it.” That's all — plus our mailing address, so people can write for more information. We've distributed literally millions of these little stickers during the past ten years, and we've made contacts with a lot of good people through these stickers. But we've also been surprised to find out that a great many White people are embarrassed, angered, and offended by the simple message on our stickers. We will receive letters from people who've seen one of our stickers, and they'll say, “Stop putting up your racist stickers in my neigh' borhood. We don't want any more of your hate. I intend to notify the FBI if 1 see another of your stickers.”
Occasionally I've had a chance to talk to one of these people directly, and 111 say, “What do you find hateful or racist about our stickers?” A typical response will be, “Well, what about Black people? Don't they deserve to survive too?” And I'll say, “This sticker doesn't say anything about Black people one way or another. The survival of Black people is another subject. I'm White, and I'm concerned about the survival of my people. That's what this sticker is about.9 And this will result in another hostile outburst:	“See!
That's the trouble! You don't care about Black people or Jewish people or anybody but Whites! You're a rao iat! You're a hater!”
Now, everyone listening today understands that if our stickers asked people to be concerned about die sur-
vival of Black people, say — just Black people, or just Jews, or just Indians — these Politically Correct types who are horrified by our stickers now would find nothing objectionable about them at all. They wouldn't have the confused notion that it's somehow illegal to be concerned about the survival of Indians and that they ought to go running to the FBI. They wouldn't see anything hateful in a sticker suggesting that Blacks should be concerned about the future of their people. They are brainwashed. They are conditioned by the controlled media. They are reacting in an irrational way. But there are tens of millions of these authoritarian-type people out there, who absorb every bit of poison from the mass media and take it to heart. There are enough of them to swing elections and determine public policy. And the poison continues to flow, more and more of it in every new batch of television programs and Hollywood films. And as 1 said, it is calculated poison. It is poison designed by the controllers of the media to have exaedy the effect it does.
Of all the evils which have befallen our people in this century, the rise of the mass media in Jewish hands has been the worst. What I am trying to do with these radio broadcasts is counteract this evil, this moral sickness, this moral paralysis being promoted by the controlled media, which keeps our people from taking action against the physical threat of racial annihilation facing us. It is an enormous task, because the resources of the television networks and Hollywood and Madison avenue and the government are so much greater than ours, but it is by no means a hopeless task. We reach new people every day and help them to see the truth and to understand what is happening, and we motivate many of them to join us in fighting the evil which threatens our race. But it is reality itself — the growing nastiness of life in multicultural America — which is making people face the facts more dian we can hope to with our present resources.
Most ordinary Americans have been trying to ignore what is being done to our country. They want to be
nice to everybody if they can. They don't want to offend anyone. They don't want the busybodies in the Clinton government to put their names on a blacklist of Politically Incorrect citizens. They just want to be left alone to live their lives and take care of their families and raise their children in peace. But it’s becoming harder and harder to do that. Reality keeps getting in the way. No matter how hard they try to avoid the nastiness, it keeps finding them.
Now more and more of them finally are deciding they can't keep ignoring the assault on our people. If nothing else, the increasingly blatant and obvious and vicious anti-White propaganda on television has forced them to the realization that there will be no future for their children if things keep going along the same course. They're finally beginning to realize that they must do something, that the nightmare won't go away if they just ignore it. And so my voice and other American dissident voices are doing more than just competing against the Jewish media for the attention of the people. We are more like a catalyst now. Conditions themselves are making the people pay attention and are turning them against the poison of the controlled media. My voice and a few others just need to give a hint, make a suggestion, point the direction, help people get started on the way back to freedom and health. Even though the controlled media can speak much more loudly than we can, we still are being heard by more and more people.
And let me tell you, the people who are destroying America, the people who want to destroy our race, the people who are cooking the television poison don't like that a bit. They understand what they're doing. They know that as their destructive efforts become more evident, there will be a growing backlash against them. They are afraid of that backlash. They are desperate to silence every voice in opposition to theirs. They believe that if no one is allowed to contradict them, then our people won't know whom to blame for the destruction and that they'll be able to continue leading us into the slaughterhouse.
O 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Bax 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 « $40/y*ar
SPEECH for February 1997
8
A Steam Hammer Used to Make Steel Forgings, ca. 1870 Steel couldn't be made on a commercial scale until the 19th century. During the 19th century advances in science and manufacturing were rapid.
That is why they have been pushing so hard in recent years to abolish the First and Second Amendments to the U.S. Constitution. That is why they have been trying to convince us that dissident voices just cause trouble, and that the public would be better off if no one were permitted to criticize their policies or alert the people to what they're doing. The second Clinton administration will be their big chance to silence their opponents, to make dissenr illegal, and to keep anyone horn exposing what they're doing.
The next four years is their opportunity. There's no telling what will happen after the year 2000. They've been able to control the electoral process so jar through their coiv trol of the media, but the natives are becoming restless* It s not likely, but it is possible that someone with some principles, someone with some patriotic feeling might win an election after Clinton is out. So now, while
they have a totally unprincipled President who is completely under their control and will do absolutely anything they tell him, now is the time for them to push through new laws making it illegal to say or write anything which is Politically Incorrect. If they can count on the FBI and the other secret police agencies to lock up anybody who says anything against them, it will be a lot easier for them to keep a lid on unrest and dissent after the end of the millennium. And now, with the economy still relatively strong, all of the authoritarian types — the ones who want to call the FBI when they see one of our stickers will go along with an abolition of free speech rights. If they wait until the economy collapses and a lot of people are angry and frightened, they will liavc a much harder time taking away wliat'i left of our rights and keeping us quiet.
I previously predicted that Clinton's new all-Jewish national security team would attempt to lead us into a major war during the next four
years. My new prediction is that the Clinton government, with the collaboration of the Republican Congress, will respond to media demands and move to restrict our First Amendment rights. I predict that we'll see a major push during the next four years to criminalize political dissent.
Of course, they won't call it that, iust like they won't tell us that they're leading us into a war because a war serves their needs. Instead the media and the government will tell us, “Oh, we've been attacked by Saddam or whomever! Now we must respond to protect our national security."
And they won't say, “We're taking away your freedom of speech because we're afraid of what you may say.” Instead they'll say, “We're all in favor of political debate . . . between Republicans and Democrats. We believe in free speech for nearly everyone. It's just those nasty extremists, those haters, who must be silenced-We have to lock them up, because otherwise they'll say things which will get people upset, and the first thing
$	*	National	Vungmrd	Book*	•	Box	330	.	Hillsboro	.	WV	24946	.	I4Q/W
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
9
you know we'll have another Oklahoma City bombing or another race riot.
That's what we're facing as this century and this millennium roll to an end. If our enemies have their way. it'll be the last millennium on earth for our race, forever. We haven't got much time. Let's see what we can do to upset their applecart before this millennium is over. Let's do whatever we have to do to get ourselves back on track and make sure that the next millennium belongs to us too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “End of the Millennium,* aired on December 28, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Students Celebrate the Anniversary of the University of South Florida. “Diversity” is destroying the world our White ancestors built.
The Rule of Law
When It Is Disobeyed Tyranny and Anarchy Result
What are the principal characteristics which distinguish a civilized society from a savage society? What outstanding features have distinguished the societies our people created in Europe from the much more primitive societies formed by other races which we encountered in Africa, America, and Australia?
We might note that our societies were literate, and the others were not. We might note that our societies had a much more highly developed technology, much more complex tools and techniques, than the primitive, non-White societies. We might note that the concepts of the individual, of individual rights and responsibilities, and of private property always were much more characteristic of our societies than of theirs.
All of those are important distinguishing characteristics between civilized societies — at least, our civilized societies — and uncivilized societies. But there is one other characteristic of a civilized society which is more fundamental than anything else, and that is die rule of law. A truly civilized society, whedier it is organized as a
monarchy or a democracy or a dictatorship, must have a generally recognized and a generally respected set of rules or laws, obeyed by everyone, from the king or the president or the dictator down to the humblest peasant or factory worker. The laws may specify certain powers for the king or the president that the peasant or the factory worker does not have, but the king is just as much bound by the law as anyone else in a civilized society. He may no more break the rules with impunity than anyone else.
In our societies the basic body of law, the common law, evolved together with the societies themselves over periods of many generations. The law reflected the nature of our people. It governed the basic structure of our society and the relationships of our people to our society and to each other.
The law, of course, is not a static diing. Even the common law changes. It evolves to meet new needs as the society evolves. And statutes §| written laws crafted by parliaments or king's councils — change even faster. But as long as the society
recognizes and respects the laws and is ruled by them, then it can claim to be a civilized society.
When respect for the law disappears, and powerful people or groups can break the law with impunity, then the society no longer is civilized. Even when the outward form of the law is maintained, but the respect for the law is gone and people feel only the need to make a pretense of being ruled by the law while ignoring its spirit, then their society can only pretend to be civilized. That is the situation we are dangerously close to in America today.
The re-election of Bill Clinton as President is one example of the general lack of respect for law which exists in this country. Clinton is hardly the first President who is a lawbreaker, and he certainly is not the only prominent politician today who is in trouble for breaking the law. But his reelection is still the most blatant example of the widespread lack of respect for the law in this country. Clinton is a man who has been heavily involved in all sorts of illegal activity — the drug trade, money laun-
© J997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
by partisan politics. If the Demo cradc Party had its way, the investigations would all be halted immediately, And if Clinton were a Republican instead of a Democrat, the Republicans would not have demanded the investigations in the first place.
It is not just electoral politics which becomes corrupted when a society loses its respect for the law. Eventually everything becomes corrupted, and the pretense of respect for the law becomes more and more transparent as the process of decay advances. I'll mention a couple of more examples.
One example is provided by an American named Gerhard Lauck, who is now sitting in a prison in Germany, convicted of violating German law by publishing materials in the United States which the German government finds offensive. Another American, Hans Schmidt, was arrested while visiting Germany and charged with publishing illegal ideas in his newsletter in the United States and mailing copies of his newsletter to subscribers in Germany. Mr. Schmidt was fortunate enough to be able to escape from Germany before the German government could put him on trial.
Mr. Lauck, of Lincoln, Nebraska, was not so fortunate. Like Mr. Schmidt, Mr. Lauck has done nothing illegal in Germany. And he has done nothing in the United States which is contrary to U.S. law either. He has simply exercised his freedom to speak and write. But because the ideas he wrote about in the United States are illegal in Germany, where there has been no freedom of speech since 1945, and because he mailed some of his publications to subscribers in Germany, the German government issued a warrant for his arrest. When he visited friends in Denmark in 1995 the German government had him arrested and extradited to Ger-
many, where he was put on trial last August and then sentenced to four years in prison for publishing illegal ideas.
Not only did the U.S. government make no protest against this violation of an American citizen's rights, but the U.S. government actually collaborated with the German goveru-
in a civilized society the law makers, as well as the general population, have respect for the law.
dering, racketeering — illegal activity which was by no means a secret. When he was governor of Arkansas his brother Roger was running a flourishing dmg business, selling cocaine right out of the governor's mansion. No one in Arkansas who knows Clinton believes that he didn't know what his brother was doing prior to his arrest and conviction for drug dealing. Many of the people Clinton ran around with and received donations from were gangsters or drug dealers.
Clinton was a draft dodger. He associated closely, intimately, with people like the late David Ifshin, who committed treason against the United States. Ifshin went to Hanoi during the Vietnam war and made radio broadcasts for the Communists, urging American soldiers to turn their guns against their officers and come over to the Communist side. Clinton considered Ifshin a dose personal friend and an adviser on Jewish affairs and often had him as a guest in the White House during his first term.
And when Clinton was governor of Arkansas he used the Arkansas state police as his own personal pimp
squad, sending them out to scout up women for him. One of these women was Paula Jones, an Arkansas state employee, and her lawsuit against him for sexual harassment is a matter of public record.
And despite all of this, 23 per cent of the American electorate voted for Clinton. They ignored his lack of respect for the law, because they wanted him to continue the government's programs favoring homosexuals, feminists, Blacks, and the other minority groups which make up the Clinton coalition, and thus they demonstrated their own lack of respect for the law. It is tme, of course, that Clinton has not yet been convicted of anything and sent to prison like his brother and many of his other former associates, but if there were real respect for the law in our society, a man as tainted by suspicion and association with criminals as Clinton is could not even be considered as a candidate for President.
Of course, we still have die pretense of rule by law, and so the investigations into various of Clinton's illegal activities continue. These investigations, however, are not driven by respect for the law, but only
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books I Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
ment in having Mr. Lauck arrested. Before Lauck was arrested, Louis Freeh, Mr. Clinton’s ambitious FBI boss, traveled to Germany for a conference with the secret police boss there and publicly expressed his agreement with Germany's laws restricting speech. He said that it is too bad that we don't have similar laws in the United States, because without such laws he could do nothing to stop Mr. Lauck from publishing the ideas the German government doesn't like. What he did do, however, was furnish the German secret police with information about Lauck's travel plans, so that they could have him arrested in Denmark.
I'm not enough of a lawyer to know whether or not Louis Freeh actually broke any U.S. laws in helping the German government arrest an American citizen for exercising his constitutional rights in the United States. But it is perfecdy clear that Mr. Freeh has only contempt for the law and contempt for the rights of American citizens. And what he has done can only lessen respect for the law among everyone else who knows of it, and that includes everyone in the secret police community.
There's more involved in this than Mr. Freeh's contempt for the law. Jews everywhere have been pushing for restrictions on speech, so that people cannot criticize or contradict them. They would like to make it illegal to question their exaggerated claims about the so-called “Holocaust” or their version of events in the Middle East or to talk about their role in the origins of Communism. They have been able to enforce their policies on Germany ever since that country lost the Second World War. They try to silence their critics in the United States by other means. Mr. Freeh, who obviously aims to please the people who control the media, is helping them. But the real point here is that Mr. Freeh and the government of which he is a part have no respect for the law, no respect for the Constitution which prohibits the government from interfering with free speech, and the citizens who elected that government also have no respect for die law. That is a very bad situation, a very dangerous situation for what's left of our civilization.
Louis Freeh He was happy to help the German government punish a U.S. citizen for using his First Amendment rights.
To better understand the significance of the Lauck case, imagine an alternative incident. Imagine that a Jewish writer in the United States, who has written some unfavorable things about the Islamic religion, say, is visiting Turkey. Imagine that the head of our FBI tips off the secret police in Iran that the Jewish miter is in Turkey, and the Iranians send a police team across the border into Turkey to kidnap the Jew and take him into Iran, where he is put on trial for blasphemy and sentenced to prison.
Can you imagine the reaction of the Clinton government? Can you imagine the reaction of the Jewish media? Can you imagine the reaction of our prostitute politicians in the Congress? They all would be screaming for blood. The politicians would be on television every day demanding action. The Clinton administration would be threatening war. Our armed forces would be mobilized for an all-out assault on Iran. The head of the FBI would not only lose his job, he would be facing criminal charges of some sort, you can be sure.
But Mr. Lauck is not a Jew, and Mr. Schmidt was not a Jew. More than that, they both have said and written things that the Jews would lik I to make it illegal to say or write in
11
America, and so the Clinton government has collaborated with a foreign government in the persecution of these men, while the politicians and the Jewish media have pretended not to notice. That's worse than a lack of respect for the law. That is using the power of the law in a lawless way. That is tyranny.
You know, the problem isn't just that we've got more crime these days, both inside the government and among the citizenry. There always have been lawbreakers, and there always will be. And the crime rate has been going up for a long time. What's different and dangerous today is that such a tolerant attitude toward crime is permeating our society. It used to be that a politician as crooked as Bill Clinton had to be very careful to keep his criminal activity secret. Today a substantial portion of the electorate don't care whether their President is a criminal or not, so long as he keeps their favorite government programs going. And the government in turn feels that it no longer has to hide its contempt for the rights of its citizens. It can do the things Mr. Freeh's FBI did at Waco, and it can conspire in the violation of Mr. Lauck's constitutional rights, and it doesn't have to worry about public opinion, because the public doesn't really care. That is frightening.
This is not just an abstract problem. You may think, “All right, our society is becoming uncivilized because it has lost its respect for the rule of law. Ho hum. Too bad for our society, but that doesn't affect me.” If that's what you think, you're wrrong. What is happening will have very concrete and immediate and unpleasant consequences for many of us, not just Gerhard Lauck or the children the Clinton Justice Department incinerated at Waco in 1993.
Every society has its quota of amoral, antisocial individuals, who prey on others if they can. In a civilized society, the law keeps these antisocial predators under control. In a savage society, where each man is a law unto himself, the predators are likely to be killed as soon as they make themselves known. But in a society such as we have in the United States today, where the legal establish-
m- 199J • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/y*ar
ment itself is becoming lawless, many of the predators are able to prey on society without fear of tire law — in tact, under the protection of tire law, With the cooperation of the legal establishment — yet the citizens are not free to protect themselves from these predators. The form of the law — the pretense of lawfulness — protects the predators, but not their victims. What we have developing in the United States today, in fact, is the worst of all possible situations, where a corrupt and lawless legal establishment has formed a partnership with the most predatory and destructive antisocial elements in our society: we have growing collaboration between an increasingly unpopular government, the Jewish mass media, and special interest groups which hope to win gains for themselves at the expense of the general public.
The basis for this unholy collaboration is the continuing dispossession of the White majority by the Clinton coalition:	the homosexuals and the
feminists and the non-Whites — and, of course, the Jews. Our basic body of law, the law which grew up with our civilization, is inconvenient for them. It is not favorable to the homosexuals and the other perverts. It does not make special provisions
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
and quotas for non-Whites. And it does not give a preferred status and exemption from criticism to Jews. And so the members of the Clinton coalition have been working hard to change and corrupt our body of law and replace it with law more favorable to themselves. And when the process of change and corruption is not fast enough for them, they turn to other methods. That is why the FBI collaborates with the secret police in other countries to punish our citizens for the exercise of their legal rights. That is why the Clinton government and the controlled media collaborate with special-interest groups to harass and vilify law-abiding American citizens who continue to exercise rights that the members of the Clinton coalition find threatening.
The rights that are especially threatening to the Clinton coalition are those specified in the First and Second Amendments to the U.S. Constitution:	our	rights	of	free
speech and of self-defense. These are the rights they fear most. And these are the rights they will be using extra-legal means — and sometimes even illegal means — to combat during the second Clinton administration. It was their fear of the Second Amendment which led them to commit the
massacre of the innocents at Waco. It was their fear of the First Amendment which led them to betray Gerhard Lauck to the German secret police. And it will be their fear of the First Amendment also which will lead them to use surrogates in their attacks against me and other critics in the future.
And, you know, their fears really are justified. They don't have much time left. The vigilantes haven't started dealing with them yet, but with only 23 per cent of the electorate behind them during the last election, they must be wondering how long it will be before the other 77 per cent finally loses its patience with them. They still can strike at me and a few others, but eventually the time will come to strike back. And when there is no law left to protect them from retribution, they will have only themselves to blame for destroying that law.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Rule of Law,” aired on January 4, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Hope for the Future
If Our Enemies Were Secure They Wouldn’t Be so Worried
When I talk with people in the United States about the problems our country is facing and about the need to organize everyone of good will into an effective force for dealing with these problems, the most common complaint I hear is:	“People don't
care.* Or: “People are afraid to talk about the real problems. They just want to complain, but as soon as you start talking about doing something they become frightened.*
In other words, the people 1 talk with tell me, “White Americans are like ostriches with their heads in die sand, hoping chat things won't get much worse if they just pretend not
to notice what's happening and don't think too much about it.*
Now, that's partly true, but there are many different types of White Americans, and not all are afraid to face the real problems in this country. Let's take a look at some of these different types.
First, let's note that there are a great many White Americans who do care about what's being done to our country and our people. Some of diem are afraid to talk about it, but others are not. Some are confused about what's happening, but others have a pretty good understanding.
It's also true, of course, that many Americans don't care. There are mil-
lions of couch potatoes, of Joe and Jill Sixpacks, of sports fans, of disco-goers, of trendy air-heads who believe whatever they see and hear on TV and try to learn all of the latest cliches and imitate all of the current fads. As long as their refrigerators are foil, their brains will be turned off. But White Americans today are not much worse in this regard than other people at other times. Most people always have been like that: without initiative or imagination or curiosity or independence. Let's not concern ourselves with them now. Later, when their refrigerators are empty, we'll see what: can be done with diem.
1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 1 Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
13
Let's look at the Americans who do care. Let's look at the ones who are observant enough to know that something is wrong and are responsible enough to be concerned. That's probably a good half of the adult White population. The question is, why aren't more of them doing something about their concern?
We know that Bill Clinton was elected to his second term as President with the votes of only 23 per cent of the electorate, fewer than one in four. Of course, some of the other 77 per cent voted for Bob Dole or Ross Perot, but two-thirds of this other 77 per cent said, in effect, “To hell with the whole business. I'm not voting for any of those downs.”
Now, that's something! That's a new record for voter alienation. That's a clear sign that a substantial portion of the population is fed up. It's a real reason for hope, and it's no wonder that the controlled media have not had much to say about the election statistics. But the question remains, why aren't the people who're fed up doing more than simply choosing not to play the game any longer?
I know that many of them are too frightened to do anything. They're afraid of the government, which they have come to realize is no longer an institution to serve the people but instead has become a dangerous and powerful enemy of the people.
Do you remember the FBI's response to the terror-bombing at the Atlanta Olympics last year? The FBI didn't have a clue as to who the bomber was, so they fingered the security guard who had found the bomb, Richard Jewell; told the media that he was their prime suspect because he was a heterosexual White male with an interest in firearms; and then during the next few months proceeded to min the poor man's life, hoping that some evidence might turn up to implicate him or that he might crack under the pressure. Eventually they had to admit, very grudgingly, that they’d made a mistake.
Perhaps you saw the televised news conference held by Jewell and
The Media Surround Richard Jewell’s Apartment The media and the government hounded Richard Jewell relentlessly, although there never was any real evidence against him. This sort of activity has more and more people realizing that both the government and the media are out of control.
his lawyers after that. I saw it on the NBC Evening News, and I remember one of Jewell's friends who made a very moving statement at the conference. He said that he realized that living in the sort of country the United States has become is inherendy dangerous. He said he realized that he could be killed by a terrorist bomb at any time. But, he said, after seeing what the FBI had done to his friend Jewell and the way they had done it, he was far more afraid of the FBI than he was of terrorists.
I think many people feel that way today. They feel intimidated by the government and the media. They've seen too much abuse of power, and they're afraid that if they open their mouths, if they criticize the government, if they become known as dissidents, the government will retaliate against them. Others are aware of the bias of the controlled news media. They have seen the vicious treatment the media give to anyone who is Politically Incorrect.
Do you remember the way the media hounds tore apart poor Marge Schott, the Cincinnati baseball team owner, after she made a couple of Politically Incorrect remarks last year? People are afraid of being attacked and hounded by the media if they do or say anything the media
bosses don't approve of. They are afraid that the media will cause their employers to fire them or will incite minority criminals to attack them or their families. It has happened — too often — and people are frightened.
Many people also are discouraged. They see the jungles our cities and our schools have become after decades of destructive immigration and suicidal race policies. They see the terrible condition of our racially integrated armed forces, and they see the decline in the quality of law enforcement in our cities. It seems impossible to them that things can ever be sorted out and cleaned up. They look at the immense power wielded by the media and by the government, and they see no way to overcome that power. They see things getting worse and worse every year, and they conclude that the country cannot be saved, our people cannot be saved. And so they give up on trying to do anything more than looking out for themselves and their families. They don't want to sacrifice themselves in what they view as a hopeless cause. There are really a lot of people who feel this way.
And many of these people are not cowards. They understand the power and the ruthlessness of the
<G) 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box DO • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
government and the media, and they are wary of this power, but they have not let themselves be conquered by unreasonable fears. They just don't believe that anything useful can be done, and so they don't try. If they did believe something could be done, then they might be willing to defy the government and the media and take their chances.
There are millions of people like this. They know that things aren't the way they ought to be, even though they don't completely understand why. They aren't cowards, but they aren't inclined to be heroes or martyrs either. They concern themselves almost exclusively with their own security and comforts, yet they aren't entirely without a spark of idealism and altruism. They're ordinary White men and women: moderately perceptive, moderately brave, and capable of becoming moderately idealistic.
What these millions of ordinary White men and women need is understanding and hope. Understanding, so that they can see what has happened to our country and our people and what needs to be done to set things right; and hope that what needs to be done actually can be done, so that they become willing to take a chance and participate in a struggle for the future that no longer seems hopeless to them.
Giving understanding and hope to our people are our two tasks, the two reasons for those American Dissident Voices programs. Of the two, giving understanding is the easier — and it is necessarily the first. Each week 1 use this radio broadcast to explain one facet or another of this confusing world around us, so that our people can have a clearer picture of what is happening, what has happened, and what is likely to happen in the future. And this program's sponsor, National Vanguard Books, publishes many books and periodicals which also provide understanding.
One of die books published by National Vanguard Books is a novel 1 wrote more than 20 years ago, The Turner Diaries, in which I tried to look into die future and project where
FS/ADV News
ADV’s satellite access provider has come under new ownership. The new owner, John Stadtmiller, does not want to cany American Dissident Voices any longer. He said that ADV is different from the other shows he carries. This makes him feel uncomfortable. His other shows are “pro-family and pro-militia.” The militias he is familiar with want to be inclusive. They are especially eager to work with Blacks and Jews. He feels that ADV is “too divisive.” He said that it is not a free speech issue since he is sure that we can easily get time with someone else. Of course, this is not the case. Because of pressure from private, self-appointed, Politically Correct censors - often led by Jews - it is very difficult to find stations willing to broadcast American Dissident Voices. And the feet that ADV is different from what is usually broadcast is what makes it so worthwhile.
Please write a letter of protest to: John Stadtmiller Republic Radio 4908 Tippecanoe Evansville, IN 47715
Kevin Strom has asked for a leave of absence from ADV to take care of family and business matters. We hope he will be able to return to writing and producing shows soon.
Radio station WBDN, in the Tampa/St. Petersburg area of Florida, has moved American Dissident Voices from 4:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Saturday evenings.
Shortwave station WRNO has stopped broadcasting ADV on 15420 kHz and is now broadcasting the Saturday afternoon program on 7395 kHz. For a complete schedule see the back page.
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe.
Subscribe to Free SpeechI
Send $40 (check, money order, or caeh) to the eddreee on the bottom of thie page. Make aura your name and eddreee are written dearly.
Vour subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
the trends I could see around me in the 1970s would take us. One of the things I saw coming was a great increase in terrorism in the United States as resentment against the government and its policies grew. Another thing I saw coming was a great increase in violence against our women: I predicted the rape of our women by Blacks in our minority-pampering Army under a government unwilling to stop it for fear of being charged with “racism.” And 1 have been very gratified by the many people who have written to me and told me that their eyes were first opened when they read The Turner Diaries: that after reading the book they not only could understand what is happening now but also could have some inkling of what will happen next. These people who had read my book weren't surprised by the World Trade Center bombing and the Oklahoma City bombing and the Adanta Olympics bombing and other acts of terrorism which have occurred recendy, and they weren't surprised by the revelation of the widespread sexual harassment of White female recruits in our Army by Black drill instructors and the unwillingness of the Army brass to stop it before it attracted public attention. They had seen these things coming from reading my book.
The difficulties we face in providing understanding are primarily economic difficulties. We should have this radio program on every station in America, but air time is expensive. We would like for every adult White person in America to read The Turner Diaries, but so far only about a quarter of a million have. We need to expand our outreach gready and reach many more of our people with our message, but that will require many more helpers working with me, and it will require much more money. We are slowly doing what needs to be done, but we could do it much fester with more help. Fortunately, we gradually are getting additional help, but we need much, much more.
The bigger part of our task is giving our people hope. Understanding what has happened and what needs to be done is not enough for most people. Of course, if all of our people were heroes by nature, then under*
(q 1997 • National Vanguard Books s Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
I
FREE SPEECH for February 1997
15
standing would be enough. They would consider only what it is necessary and proper to do, and then they would be willing to die trying to do it, whether it were possible or not. But most of our people are only slightly heroic. Most people not only need to understand what they should do; they also need to believe that it is possible to do it. And so our task is to persuade them that what we are trying to do is not only necessary and proper, but also possible. Then they will join us. Then we will sweep the enemies of our people, who now seem so powerful, into the trashbin of history.
And so how do we give hope to intelligent, perceptive people, who look at the situation around them and see this powerful and corrupt government steamrollering anybody who gets in its way? How do we make them believe that it is possible to successfully oppose such a government?
Well, first we simply focus their attention on some of the things they already know but perhaps haven't thought enough about:	things	like
the utter moral corruption of the government, a corruption which robs it and its supporters of any conviction that their cause is just. A morally crippled enemy is a mortally weakened enemy. A government led by a moral cripple like Bill Clinton may still be able to do a lot of damage, punish a lot of its enemies, and keep many people frightened into silence and inaction — but it is vasdy more vulnerable than it would be if were not corrupt, and its corruption increases every year. Certainly, it would be depressing to see support for such a government remaining strong. We kindle hope in patriots by as simple a thing as reminding them of the recent election results, which show the great withdrawal of support from the government: results which show them that fewer than a quarter of the eligible voters voted for Clinton and his government.
It is important to continue emphasizing these things, because the controlled media deliberately create the false image of great popular support for Clinton arid the government. They deliberately create die impression that what is happening is inevitable and unstoppable. The media
spokesmen show us great crowds of smiling faces: everyone is happy, they tell us, because we have more minorities than ever before, more feminists, more proud homosexuals, more equality, more “diversity.” Sure, we have a few litde problems, the media tell us, but people generally are happy with the way things are going, and if those awful patriots, those awful extremists and dissidents would just keep quiet, everything would be wonderful.
1 believe that it's important to contradict this lie with the facts, with the real numbers, so that people can have hope, so that they can see that the evil forces destroying our country and our people are not as strong, do not have as much support, as the controlled media would have us believe — and that the support they do have is declining.
For most people, though, real hope will come not just from realizing that our enemies aren't quite as strong as we'd thought they were: it will come more from having a realistic goal before their eyes instead of a hopeless goal. When they look at the mess our enemies have made of America and they try to figure out how to straighten it out, of course that seems hopeless to them.
Imagine that you are a doctor, and you have two hospital beds before you. In one bed is an old man of mixed race whose health has been mined from a lifetime of depraved living, an old man riddled with AIDS and a dozen other incurable and infectious diseases. In the other bed is a healthy White infant. You should not waste your time working to make the old man healthy again by trying to undo what cannot be undone. The thing to do is pull the plug on his life-support system before his disease has a chance to sicken the healthy White infant in the other bed, and then to devote all of your energy and skill and resources to ensuring that the infant stays healthy, that he doesn't grow up to lead a life like the old man did and fall prey to the same diseases. That can be done. That is something which is possible.
Now, die choice facing the ordinary American of good will today is not quite that simple, but diere are strong similarities. What we need to
do is stop worrying about undoing the awful, mixed-up mess our enemies have made. Instead let's let the process of self-destruction proceed as quickly as it will, so that it is finished before it has infected the lives of all of our people. We can't stop it anyway. I mean, what can you do with a city like New York or Washington, except try to keep it from spreading, by whatever means are necessary? What can you do with a political system like the one in Washington, except encourage it to even further excess? Let's not waste our time and energy trying to undo what cannot be undone. Let's pull the plug and focus all of our efforts on salvaging what is still healthy and then ensuring that it stays healthy. That can be done. That is something which is possible.
Let the fire which is coming take care of New York and Washington. Let's try to show as many healthy people as we can how to keep from becoming infected, and then how to avoid being burned when the fire comes. Let's show them how to avoid becoming discouraged by enemy propaganda. While the controlled media gloat over the rising rate of racial intermarriage and over the rising number of White families adopting Black children and over the darkening of America from the non-White immigration flood, let us keep pointing out to people the numbers that show the declining level of support for this rotten system. While the enemy rejoices over the new destruction he is accomplishing, let us rejoice over the new people whose eyes are being opened by this destruction, and let us reach out to these people.
Let us realize that we cannot save everything. We cannot save what has become sick and corrupted. But we can save many of those who are still healthy and who are repelled by the sickness. Let us do a better and better job of that, because in that is our hope for the future.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Hope for the Future," aired on January 18, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
She Needs the Truth
Where Will She Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a greater than one in four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like her will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed wor^^W^ are the men and women of,the	tt\ s	about
time!
National Alliance P.OTBo*,£0 0 Hillsboro, WV 24946,
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet. Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A,
KSEYAM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): every Saturday 10:00 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hartselle, Alabama, areas):	Every
Wednesday 9:00 a.m., 149o and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tam pa/Si, Petersburg, Florida, area and much of central Florida):	Every
Saturday 11:30 a.m., 1110 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM
WBDN (Tampa/St. Peters-■nd much of central
6:30 p.m,, 760 AM
Every Saturday
WRNO:	This	shortwave
station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7395 kHz; every Saturday at 9.00 p.m. Eastern Time and some Sundays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events. The Sunday program is used as a