FREE SPEECH • NOVEMBER 1996 • VOLUME II, NO. 11
Evelyn Hill, Editor
TREE BREECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for (10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for use.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Are We the Kurds
The Meaning of Democracy
Dr. William Pierce
Separation Now!
Strom
VV«VAV.VAV.V.V»VAV.*.*A%*«%*»*^%*-*-V-V.V.V.V	*
Are We the Kurds of the Future?
Whites Are on the Way to Belonging Nowhere
Let us consider for a moment the Kurds, that nation — or, in other words, that people — without a land in the Middle East. The status of the Kurds, who are currendy the subjects and pawns of the Iraqis, the Turks, the Iranians, and others, is of vital interest to White people worldwide — and not for the reasons you might think.
The Kurds speak an Indo-Euro-pean language, and an examination of their physical features shows in an instant that they carry a significant percentage of European genes, though racial mixture has touched them as it has most Caucasian peoples on the continent of Asia.
THE COVER of an official publication promoting Santa Clara County, California. Whites art already an unweloome minority in many araaa of tha United States.
What concerns us today is not their racial or linguistic heritage, however. What concerns us about the Kurds is the fact that they are a people without a country.
They are culturally, linguistically, and physically distinct from neighboring peoples. They have their own language; they have an historic territory; and — most important of all — they think of themselves as a separate and distinct people. In my view, they certainly deserve self-determination: they deserve their own country.
But the Kurds have no government of their own. Their homeland is ruled by overlapping multicultural states dominated by other peoples. In
A WHITE high school student attacked by Blacks in South Boston.
Did her parents have any say in whether or not she would attend an integrated school?
the part of Kurdistan owned by Turkey, they are essentially powerless against the Turks. In the part of Kur-distan owned by Iraq, they are under the thumb of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. In the part of Kurdistan lying within the borders of Iran, the Iranian state determines their destiny
—	and so on.
Do you think that Kurdish people have much influence in the running of the multicultural societies they are forced to share? Do you imagine that Kurdish parents have much say in how their children are educated in Iranian schools? Is it likely that Kurd' ish points of view are fairly presented
—	or presented at all — in the Iraqi or Turkish media? Do these multicultural states put their armies and air forces at the disposal of the Kurds to protect Kurdish interests?
Of course nod The military forces of several of these multicultural states are noted for their attacks on Kurds who had the temerity to demand freedom and self-determina-
tion. In fact, our “ally” Turkey, through which U.S. aid to the Kurds flows, has already leveled over 2,000 Kurdish villages in what is frankly termed a “depopulation program.”
I should add parenthetically that the United States and its current criminal managers can take no credit for aiding the Kurds in their struggle. While our deluded warriors bum Iraqi civilians and soldiers into cinders, with the transparent excuse that we are aiding the Kurds, the United States government continues to support and supply the Turkish forces who kill and oppress Kurds with impunity. What the slickster and his handlers are really doing is just two things:
1) They are playing balance-of-power politics in the Middle East, changing targets from time to time, but always aiming our missiles and bombs at one Moslem state or another to keep all of them weak enough so that they pose no threat to God’s Race in Israel; and
2) They are cynically exposing our soldiers to death and injury because the Jewish billionaires who own the United States’ media have made it popular and fashionable to kill Iraqis, and doing popular things gets you votes from the boobs.
But back to the Kurds themselves.
My point in bringing them up is this:	When	we	look	at	the	Kurds’
present, we are looking at Whites’ future. We are the Kurds of the future.
In every White nation, and especially the United States, White people are suicidally giving up control of their homelands, the homelands their ancestors died to procure for us.
We are agreeing to the insane concept of “one biped, one vote,” while simultaneously importing millions of our natural enemies. We are even inciting them into a frenzied hatred of us.
In the United States, we have rejected the idea implicit in the republic of the founders, the idea that this government was set up to insure the freedom and independence of a particular people, the people of European descent in North America and their posterity. In its place we have accepted the Jewish idea that the purpose of this country is to supply the bellies, bank accounts, and sex urges of the greatest possible number of human beings that can squeeze between the Rio Grande and the 49th parallel.
Such a perversion of the idea of our nation may make a few of us richer temporarily. It may momentarily assuage the feelings of guilt inculcated in White people by the Jewish-controlled media corporations with their billions of dollars. It may somewhat appease the savages within our gates and buy a few more years of illusory peace.
But Nature is impossible to fool, and her laws cannot be broken. If you think you can break Nature’s laws, you will soon find that they can — and will — break you.
© 1996 * National Vanguard Books t Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
Nature defines nations, not as legal fictions or geographic expressions, but as living biological entities, as extended families. Nations are people bound together by a common history, culture, destiny, and — most importantly of all — by common descent and biological kinship.
When the separate Black nation on American soil was declared to be joined to the White American nation after the Jewish-inspired and Communist-supported "civil rights” revolution, that declaration had no more effect on reality than the declaration of Charles Manson that he was Jesus Christ had on Biblical scholarship.
We continued to have two nations. Black and White, to which have now been added coundess other nations imported by our enemies, living under the same government:	a
government which cannot serve the interests of either people since, by definition, those interests will seldom be identical.
Such a situation serves best that peculiar people whose members always have been a tiny minority in whatever lands they have inhabited and who, perhaps reflexively or instinctively, so often work to undermine homogeneity. They labor assiduously to exchange rule by a vital majority for balance-of-power politics easily influenced by a committed and wealthy minority group.
We have voluntarily submitted our nation to rule by others. While we blabbered the mindless platitudes about “fairness” and "equality” that our enemies put in our mouths, we voluntarily put ourselves in the same situation as the Kurds.
We have become a people without a country. We have become a nation without a government of our own. We have become the Kurds of the future, a people whose destiny is in the hands of our deadliest enemies.
This truth is evidenced in a thousand different ways. We are legally forbidden to favor our own people in hiring, education, and the disbursement of tax money. We are forbid-
den, on pain of being fired or ostracized, to make public statements in support of the survival of White Americans. We are told not to note drat White Americans are being oppressed and vilified. We are told not to call attention to the ways in which the Old White America was superior to the new multiracial feeding and breeding zone which has supplanted it.
Do White Americans have any politicians in Washington explicidy standing up for our interests and concerns? How absurd. Of course not! The criminals currendy belonging to the gang calling itself “the Congress
3
of the United States” owe loyalty only to the multiracial system that pays them so handsomely. They would rather have a limb amputated than admit they represent the interests of White people.
Are White Americans able to control the education of their children, ensuring that our traditional values, our unique history, and the stories of our heroes are transmitted to the next generation of our people? To even ask such a question is forbidden in the New World Order. Schools teach our children that “diversity" and cohabitation with non-Whites are moral ideals; that Com-
A WHITE CHILD reads about 'Slavery and Children' in a majority non-White, bilingual, classroom in California. Such classrooms can make White children feel guilty and inferior. They are left with no sense of our people's history and culture — and often with no self-respect.
€> 1996 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
| Rl I SPEECH for November 1996
tmmt« KMnki of White America like “Martin Luther* Kin| are heroes; and that net only la there no differ* cnee between die races, but that races do not exist. Furthermore, the cstab-hehment of schools for White chll* (but would most likely be met with the moot ferocious legal and media aaaauk imaginable.
Do White Americana control our madaa of entertainment and information* Except for the Internet, which our enemies do not yet control, all major media in America are dedicated apoadea of our national disappearance and our racial extinction. To pamend otherwise would be laughable f It were not fetal. Who are the media preparing us to hate next, after the Iraqis.* White separatists in cam-ouhfr uniforms, carrying guns and crincmng jews, are the new heavies in primed me dramas. This is very usual mg of exactly who is running (he brainwashing transmitters, and it a a chilling reminder of who may be terminated next in a so-called “surgical strike.”	w	*
Are the military forces and police Ugrnor■ of (he United States at the disposal of White Americans for the advancement and protection of our people and our interests.* What did these armed agencies do to protect the interests of White separatist Randy Weaver? What did these armed
forces do when a few European nations had the temerity to stand up for the Interests of the European race sixty years ago? What would “our" armed forces have done if Rhodesia and South Africa had stiffened their spines and fought back instead of surrendering to the New World Order? No, these armed forces are no more in our hands than the armed forces of Turkey and Iraq are in the hands of the Kurds.
Unless Whites regain control of our destiny; we are the Kurds of the future. And the future will be here before you know it.
♦ ♦ ♦
On the hate-crime-hoax front, we have a follow up on a hate-crime hoax repotted on this program July 13th. The following item is from the Pensacola, Florida, News-Journal:
Father and Son Get Hefty Sentence for Staging Hate Crimes MIAMI —A Jewish father and son will pay for a staged hate crime against a Jewish school with prison time and 500 hours each of scouring graffiti
A1 and Steven Rubin arranged for two teenagers to vandalize school buses and spray paint swastikas around Hillel Community Day School last year.
Steven Rubin, the school's transportation director, directed repair business to his father, who owned Priority Car Care and who used the slogan "Where our customers and our honesty are the number one priority."
The son also was accused of fobi for his father, including $79 oil chan*!?*'' at $4,000.	*****
A1 Rubin, 47, was sentenced Mom. three years in prison, five yean and 500 hours of graffiti cleaning, Steven, 29, was sentenced to eight prison, five years probation, SOO lw„„ 1 graffiti removal, and writing a letter of /
ogy*
"While we as a country and a coma nity struggle to fight against religious ^ racial hatred and bigotry, and to proton >’ children from such narrow-mindedne^ i Rubin and Steven Rubin opened 4 wounds..Dade County Circuit hM» Leslie Rothenberg said Monday.
Surprised by the heavy sentence; h, Rubin turned to his wife and cried. "Can73, believe this," he asked. "Three yean. Hu* years."
David Michael Brown, a mechanic wfc once worked for A1 Rubin, testified he acted as the middleman, paying the vandals R Brown took the stand after being placed oi probation for three years in a plea bargain
Steven Rubin was found guilty of nine counts of theft, three counts of burglary, two counts of criminal mischief and burglary conspiracy. A1 Rubin was convicted of nine counts of theft.
Both turned down plea offers that would have spared them Jail time.
"I am not guilty of the crimes Fm charged for," said Steven Rubin. "Why would 1 go against my own people for $5,000, $10,000? I'm Jewish."
I think 1*11 let Steven Rubin have the last word on this subject.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “We are the Kurds,” aired on October 12, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Suhscrlw to Fr — Sosach
Mm
ten it FIS SKEfll 11 a umpto. yw may never us aontliar issue unless yoa siitucnM
Enclosed is S4I for a one year subscription to FREE SPEECI
-
Tm-MlNorMtln Mps t* IMP AlTlBhCan Di88idBflt VoiC88un the air
S
• I Mi * Nofeftrf	Books	•	Boo	1101 Hibkow • WV 24946 • «40/yoar
The New South Africe
White South African volunteer*, responding to e call to quell rioting, are murdered by Black soldier*
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
5
The Descent
From Civilization to the Third World
What is it like to live in a Third World nation.7 If Whites in America and Europe do not realize that our civilization is being stolen, we and our children are going to find out soon. And it may be much sooner than you think. Consider this attide to be a warning.
We haven't heard much about the “new South Africa” since the much-ballyhooed takeover by Black Communists. Why aren’t the controlled media falling all over themselves to let us know how well things are going since the evil Whites were removed from power, and terrorist bomber and “necklacing” enthusiast Nelson “How to Be a Good Commu-
nist” Mandela was installed (with the help of your tax money and mine)?
The reason we haven't heard very much about it is that the news is almost all bad. What was once the most prosperous and civilized nation of Africa is now headed the way of all Black African states — downhill fast. For you see, South Africa was prosperous and dvilized because of the character of its dominant European population. The Whites abdicated; their suidde will probably be consummated in the next decade or two.
As the wealthier Whites leave the country in droves, South Africa is already complaining about the resultant “brain drain.” Jobs that need to
be done to maintain civilized life are now being done poorly or not at all.
As the economy goes into a tail-spin under Black control, the size of the economic pie that the Communist ANC promised to divide up among the savages and barbarians is shrinking, and the extravagant promises made to the ignorant are impossible to keep. Some of the natives are becoming very resdess. They are setting the stage for increased confiscation of the wealth and property of the remaining Whites, after which the cycle will be repeated again and again until there is no more wealth to confiscate, and the rotting bodies litter the streets.
As the Black Communists of the ANC take over the police force, cor-
FRF.F SPEECH for November 1996
•
mptton becomes the rule of the day. lawlessness, brute force, and violence are the commonplaces of the sneers and highways.
Over the last few months, it has been repotted that gangs of Black highjackers dressed as South African national police were terrorizing motonsts along major roads in the Orange Free State. Investigators have now admitted what the nasty racists knew all along: the Black highjackers were not just dressed as South African national police, the highjackers were South African national police. That it took months before the truth was officially admitted shows the degree to wdiich the new “anti-apartheid” regime covers up for its own.
Official spokesmen blame the problem on low pay and the “legacy of White racism.” More investigations have been promised, of course, but it is doubtful that anything is going to change unless the Whites rise up and retake their nation, a move that the current managers of the United States probably would oppose with military force.
The murder rate in South Africa has increased since the Communist ANC was installed with our help, and is now officially admitted to be five times higher than that of the United States.
No slackers, the resourceful brotherhood commandos of the South African national police are taking advantage of that situation and are now making a few rand extra on (he side (again undoubtedly due to low pay and White racism) by selling the body parts of murder victims on the blade market. Some of these parts probably make their way to voodoo practitioners, who, 1 am sure, make Mg magic with the sawed-off hands and heads and arms. It will take bigger magic than (hat, though, to save White South Africans and their children from the death that they brought upon themselves by believing in the lie of racial equality.
That is the reality of the descent into the Third World. That is wtuti
you are bequeathing to your children when you believe in the lie of racial equality.
In southern California, writer Ron Culver reports that an officially approved and taxpayer-purchased textbook called Mcxican-American Heritage is being used in the public schools. It teaches our children that seven southwestern U.S. states were taken from Mexico under “questionable circumstances.” It teaches our children that these states constitute a land called “Azdan” and that Aztlan's Mexicans will soon retake Azdan from their White oppressors.
A student movement based on the two concepts of Azdan and Communist revolution, called MECHA or Movimiento Escudiantil Chicano de Azdan, has chapters on high school and college campuses all over the United States, funded by your tax and tuition dollars.
The great fortunes and corporations of the United States have been claimed by America's enemies. Our “leaders” betray White Americans in return for a place at the table of the New World Order. It was the Ford Foundation which funded much of the opposition to California's Proposition 187. Proposition 187 was approved by California voters. If it had been allowed to stand, it would have taken a few tax-funded benefits away from the illegal invaders of that state.
The Ford Foundation was the creator of both the Mexican American lxgal Defense and Education Fund and the National Council of La Kaza (wiiich means literally “the Raoc”). Allied with die Ford Foundation in tlicsc enterprises were the Conuuunist-associated ACLU, the Communist-front National Lawyer's
Guild, and a group called Unfa Latin American Citizens. The F0rij Foundation spent over $32 million its efforts to circumvent the wishes rf the voters of California.
In her lonely efforts to fight ^ well-funded invasion lobby, Santa Barbara School Board member Sandee Beckers did us the service of placing the statements of the Chicano invaders in the public record:
On 90% of the public high school college, and university campuses in the southwestern United States there is a group called MECHA. There are MECHA groups on each of the Santa Barbara high school campuses. The preamble to the MECHA Constitution states that "Chicana/Chicano students of California must... politicize our Raza (nee) and continue the struggle for self-determination of the Chicana/Chicano people and the liberation of the nation of Aztian." (Azdan is considered to be the seven southwestern states in the U.S., including California.)
A few excerpts from the recently board-approved textbook, Mexican American Heritage, for the Chicano Studies classes at all three high schools follows:	.	.	Mexican-
American intellectuals have argued that if Mexico is to allow the United States to invest in Mexico and send American products freely into the land to the south, then Mexico should, in turn, be allowed to 'freely export' one of its most marketable commodities to the United States: Mexican labor." (p 86)
In the context of the 1849 Treaty of Hidalgo, when Mexico officially gave up rights to California . . ."the facts that the land was taken under such questionable circumstances and that the Mexican people involved were not treated humanely, as required by a legal treaty, should be taken into consider a don when discussing the future of AZT-LAN." (pp 103-104)
.. Many of the Mexicans living in the United States today are the so-called 'illegal aliens' who have come to the U.S. seeking jobs, hope for the future, and a better life by the year 2000 . . . Latino populations of AlZTLAN will become the majority population of this area. Latinos are now realizing that the power to control AZTLAN may once again be in their hands. Effective voter registration and turnout could make great changes in the political leadership and lire here in the U.S. Southwest.... It is important to realize (Mexican American) brotherhood with the people of Mexico. ... We must realise that on both sides of the border we are people native to AZTLAN." (pp 105-108)
Review question #7 on page 115 asks "How can Chicano* who know both AZTLAN '» history and the U.S. system of democracy make changes in AZTLAN? What changes do you think should be made?"
"Students of Mexican descent are totally separated from their own backgrounds when they are thrust into classes where they are taught that the only legitimate language Is English and that the lauguage of their parents
$ im . NiUional VwjMd books • Boa )i0 • HiLlsbow . WV 24946 ■ MO/par
and anowtan to of no value whatsoever."
*... bilingual and bicultural education for Mexican American school children of all ages is one of the continuing and most important demands of the Chkano Movement* (pp 254-265)
Call the District office, (805) 963-4331, if you share my concern.
While 1 thank Sandee Beckers for reading that information into the public record, and I thank Ron Culver for reporting it, 1 am quite frankly disgusted by their response to this invasion.
Both of them, in summing up the situation, state that their objection is not to Mexican invasion and occupation of the United States per se, but in the unwillingness of the Chicanos to go through the legal motions, to assimilate to the American language and culture, or to give their loyalty to the regime in Washington.
They decry the separatism of the Chicano invaders, and openly wish for them to learn English, salute our flag, and be good workers and consumers just like the blancos. Presumably, if they did those things, Culver and Beckers would be happy to have one of them many his or her daughter.
1 could not disagree more. I do not want the Mexicans here because virtually all of them are of an alien race. Their presence is incompatible with our civilization and with our very survival. It does not matter what language they speak: a Spanish-speaking European is our racial kin even if he knows not a word of English and never will. Furthermore, as long as these invaders are here, their different language and adherence to the culture of “Azdan" keeps them at least somewhat insulated from our culture and makes intermarriage less likely. It is therefore a good thing.
So, until the happy day that our races are separated, let them have their Spanish-language education and dreams of Azdan. Whatever keeps us apart is good; whatever brings us together is bad.
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
Whatever brings us together with the masses of the Third World hastens our descent to their level.
The descent into the Third World isn't only happening in America.
In Germany, for example, the huge influx of non-Whites has caused much conflict and resentment, especially among poor Whites, who are always the greatest victims of non-White immigration, both economically, due to having to compete with Third World laborers, and physically. Physically because, unlike the rich elites who implement immigration policies, poor White people are always expected to live and work, without complaint, among the non-Whites and their attendant violence and crime.
If the White workers object to this exploitation, it is defined as “racism" and “hate” by the billionaire media moguls and their government.
But even in Germany, where White guilt is even more skillfully inculcated than in the United States, there are some limits on how many non-Whites are allowed to enter the country.
There are some requirements which a non-White immigrant must meet before being allowed to adorn Germany with his odoriferous presence.
Generally, an immigrant must declare that he fears persecution in his homeland, or that he has some special skill needed by Germany, before he is allowed to jump on die gravy train. That these requirements are interpreted very loosely is evidenced by the mulatto babies paraded by White mothers in German streets — a disgusting sight often seen in the United States as well.
7
But even these loose restrictions were too much for the Self-Chosen People. Chafing at having to prove or declare anything to anybody, in 1990 the Jews demanded that Jews fleeing the results of Soviet Communism (their creation, by the way) be allowed into Germany in unlimited numbers. And the government of occupied Germany said, “Yes, of course, at once.” And all limitations on Jewish immigration were lifted. Of course, Ukrainians fleeing the chaos of the former Soviet Union, or Russians, or Chechnyans, or anybody else, still had to play by the rules. Only Jews were exempt. Some animals are more equal than others.
But in June of this year, Der Spiegel magazine reported that the government was considering placing some limits on the Jewish influx. There was no credible evidence that Jews were being persecuted, and it appeared that most of them merely wanted to enter Germany for economic reasons. I might add that many of these Jews from Russia are criminal underworld types. Jews form the vast majority of the members of the so-called “Russian” Mafia organizations now sprouting up wherever these persecuted angels have planted their colonies.
As soon as the Jewish organizations started screaming persecution, the Germans capitulated. In fact they denied they had ever even considered taking away the special privileges of God's pets. Never mind that making someone obey the same rules as everyone else can hardly be called “persecution.”
The state secretary of the German Foreign Ministry, Werner Hoyer, stated that not only were there no plans to place limits of any kind on Jewish immigration, but that the only plans the government had were to “combat abuse of the program by non-Jews." Horrors! Non-Jews taking advantage of a program designed for Jews! What is it with these Russians and Ukrainians who don't know their place? What chutzpah!
© J996 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 | Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November
096
8
Of course, this Jewish immign bon can in no way be described a Third World immigration. But th< leading architect* of the browning o Europe and America have been — an< are — the leader* of organized Jewry If you dare to question the rada transformation of your land, you wil soon find out who your real enemiei are.
♦ ♦ ♦
France, too, is descending into a Third World hell. The French gov eminent admits they have no way ol knowing exacdy how many Black Africans have come to France, but it is probably at least one half million -possibly twice that number.
Establishment news sources have seated that there is an “African nation” within France, and that it is growing fast — even as the White French population declines. The African population of France is now larger than the population of six African countries. These figures are for Black sub-Saharan Africans only; they do not indude another group of invaders, the approximately three to four million Arabs from North Africa now living in France.
These Africans bring with them the values, standards, and culture of their native lands. They live amid shocking filth, disease, and squalor, often twelve to a single small room. Many live as squatters in condemned buildings.
Whole neighborhoods in Paris are now described by the press as seeming “to have been dropped intact from the equatorial coast.... White faces are as rare as in Dakar or Abdi-
_ IP
Jan.
When confronted with the sentiments of a growing number of French people who support the patriotic Front National's proposal to repatriate the Blades, a native of the Ivory Coast married to a race-traitor French woman mused “Expel the Africans? Good luck. 1 have friends who are tossed out. 1 see them back a week later”
Where Third World people settle, Third World conditions follow
Today, it isn't only Blacks from former French colonies who come to batten on the French. A Nigerian living in France stated “From Nigeria, horn Ghana, from Sierra Leone.: they are here.*
And, 1 might add, they are smuggling and distributing drugs, engaging
in assault and theft and burglary, and indulging in the rape of French women at unprecedented rates.
French sociologist Michel Fievert said that the image of the Black African in France was once a sympathetic one, but dial is quickly changing to a menacing image as the reality of African behavior becomes more widely
O 1996 • National Vanguard Book* • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
9
known. He stated “I'm afraid the friendly image of Litde Black Sambo has gone forever.*
Wherever Africans have occupied the cities of France, protests and demonstrations are erupting as the Blacks demand their imagined “rights."
Many sick liberals exist in France, of course, who weep with sympathy for the poor Africans who are not immediately given everything that the French people have labored for centuries to achieve for themselves. But the Front National is spearheading a patriotic resurgence, and not all French men and women are disregarding the evidence of their own eyes and acquiescing in their descent into the Third World.
The wire service quotes a Frenchwoman named Pauline, who glared as she saw the spectacle of Africans and their French sympathizers in a noisy demonstration in the Paris suburb of Montrueil. “It is disgusting to see
these people occupying the streets of France,” she said. "It is disgusting."
♦ ♦ ♦
The only way to save our people and nation from descent to the level of the Third World and ultimately from extinction is to build a racial consciousness founded on a love for our own kind and on the relentless use of our mental faculties to ascertain (with unsentimental accuracy) what is actually occurring in the real world.
We of the National Alliance are doing our utmost to build that racial consciousness. Please support our efforts.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Descent,” aired on October 5, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
FS/ADV News
My name is Evelyn Hill. 1 am a staff member of National Vanguard Books. 1 am pleased to be the new editor of Free Speech.
Nelson Rosit, the previous editor of Free Speech, has recendy returned to Latvia to get married. Mr. Rosit spent several semesters teaching English in Latvia and during this time he met his new bride.
Kevin Alfred Strom, the founder and first editor of Free Speech, continues to write and produce most American Dissident Voices programs from Minnesota. In late October, he and his wife became parents for the third time. He states that they “do not plan on interfering with Nature” and hope to have more children in the future. They urge other healthy and intelligent White people to do the same.
The Meaning of Democracy
The Controlled Media Have the Most Say in Who Is Elected
As November approaches, the controlled news media are focusing the attention of Americans more and more on that quadrennial ritual of our democracy: choosing a new Maximum Leader to occupy the big, white fortress on Washington's Pennsylvania Avenue for the next four years. They're working hard to make us all breathless with excitement trying to guess whether it'll be Bill or Bob, but my guess is that the winner this time will be “none of the above," by a wide margin. Which is to say, I believe that we'll see more qualified voters staying away from the polls than actually voting for either candidate this time. That will be a continuation of an already well established trend, but
CLINTON with Jewish Commerce Secretary Mickey Kantor. Kantor has been instrumental in implementing ruinous free trade policies
the characters of the two candidates this time (or rather, the all too evident lack thereof) wall give a big boost to that trend.
1 should confess right now that I have an essentially bottomless contempt and loathing for Mr. Clinton. I believe that he should be given a speedy trial and then publicly hanged for treason. It is a disgrace to every citizen of our republic that we are governed by a system which permits men like Clinton to hold any sort of public office. I'd as soon see O.J. Simpson in the White House as Bill Clinton.
Clinton is a man who during the Vietnam war counted as his personal friends people who were doing everything they could to aid the Commu-
© 1996 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40,/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
David Ifehin Another Jew close to Clinton
nist enemies of America. He partied and smoked dope with these people while the Communists were killing 58,000 American soldiers. He collaborated with the same people after the war. One of his closest advisers during and after the 1992 presidential election was David lfshin, a Jewish friend from the Vietnam war days who went to Hanoi and made radio broadcasts for the Communists, urging American soldiers to turn their guns against their own officers. Ifehin was frequendy invited to the White House by Clinton and was consulted on matters involving Jewish political support.
Back in Arkansas, before he came to Washington, Clinton partied with and accepted money from drug dealers and other common criminals. Clinton's own brother is a convicted drug dealer who used to run his drug business right out of the governor's mansion in Little Rock when Bill Clinton was governor of Arkansas. While he was governor Clinton used his office to extort sexual favors from female state employees. He used state police officers as procurers.
Clinton is the sort of man who 100 years ago would have been pub-
licly horsewhipped, tarred and feathered, and ridden out of town on a rail if he weren't hanged. We simply didn't tolerate his sort of filth. He is a scoundrel, a cad, a reprobate, a louse, a dastard, a wretch, a poltroon, a lowlife, a degenerate, and a barefaced liar, as well as a traitor to his country.
And what do the voters have as an alternative to this charming piece of filth with the boyish smile.’ Why, they have Bob Dole! Now, Mr. Dole has quite a different personality from Mr. Clinton. Mr. Dole never dodged the draft or demonstrated on behalf of die Viet Cong, palled around w*h drug dealers, or sent aides on the government payroll out to scout up whores for him. Docs that mean that he would make a better President than Clinton!
The answer, unfortunately, u no. The reason ;» dial, despite all their differences in personality, Mr Clinton and Mr. Dole have one very important thing in oommom they both have baaed then whole poluKai careen on subaetvienoe to Jewish interests.
Willi Clinton dm catering u> the Jews is especially obvious, because he is in the media spodight. Clinton bee appointed a higher percentage of Jews to important positions in his administration than any other American President, including even Franklin Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson. Clinton has put a Jew in charge of our Treasury Department, a Jew in charge of our Agriculture Department, a Jew in charge of our Commerce Department, a Jew in charge of our Labor Department. He has put our Central Intelligence Agency entirely in the hands of Jews, with Jews in the top three CIA positions. He is the only President who has ever put two Jews on the nine-judge Supreme Court. And he has appointed literally hundreds of Jews to less visible but still very influential positions in his administration. He has appointed Jews to high public
office at a rate more than ten times their percentage in the U.S. population.
Clinton has made all of these Jewish appointments because he, like every other politician in Washington, understands that no one can be elected President if the Jews, with their control of the media, oppose him. However, most politicians, despite their understanding of Jewish media power, exercise some degree of restraint in licking the Jews' feet. Thev would be embarrassed to overdo u. But not Bill Clinton. He is so accustomed to being a crook and getting away with it just by dashing his smile that he has lost all sense of •hame and all caution. He is a man who will do anything to advance his polaxal career, because he is convinced that he can get away with anything.
Should that be surprising in a man who dodged the draft and supported the Viet Cong in the 1960s and 1970a and now pretends to be a patriot who la defending America from Saddam Husacm! Should it be surprising in a man who was immersed in the drug culture while he was working his way up in Arkansas politics, taking big donations from drug racketeers, and now claims to be fighting an all-out war against drugs! Should i be surprising in a man whose friends, family members, and former business associates have been convicted of felonies in record numbers: a man, in ocher words, who has associated with felons throughout his career, and who now claims to be seriously concerned about America's crime problem!
Now, Bob Dole, on the other hand, is not the son who believes that he can steal your wallet, seduce your daughter or your wife, and blow marijuana smoke in your face — and then charm you into voting for him anyway. Bob Dole knows that he couldn't charm his way out of a parking ticket Bob Dole is one of the most uncharming politicians in Washington. He is dull, dull, dull.
© 1996 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • 140/jtor
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
11
It's embarrassing to watch him campaign and pretend to be alive. Bob Dole is a man who serves the Jews not because he's a crook who believes that he can get away with anything, like Clinton, but because he knows that he could never hope to advance his career under his own steam. He has gained the Jews' support by being an errand boy for them throughout his Washington career.
Dole will, just like Clinton, get America involved in another war in the Middle East, if the Jews tell him co. He will no more solve America's immigration problem than Clinton will, because he knows that the Jews don't want it solved. He won't move radically against crime, or drugs, or America's declining educational standards. He won't do anything that he's not told to do. Clinton is the Jews' Tweedledum, a bit to the left of what they define as the center. Dole is their Tweedledee, a bit to the right of what they define as the center.
What I'm saying, in other words, is that despite their big personality differences and despite the fact that Dole rallr* a more conservative line on economic and social issues than Clinton, there's no real difference between the two men on the most important and fundamental issues, because they both alee their orders from the same men oehind the scenes.
But the voters don't know that, [hat's what's really depressing. You tee, the average American voter only mows what he sees on television, [hat's where he learns everything he hinks he knows about politics and be world. Now, the Jews who con-rol television certainly aren't going to dl the voters that Clinton and Dole re both in their pockets. But they iave let the voters know that Clinton > a draft dodger, that he is being sued y an Arkansas state employee he ried to force to have sex with him hen he was governor of Arkansas, nd that many of his friends and busies* associates have been sent to rison. All of that has been so oticeable that it would have been
	
I * “f	«■ -• /
\ '	(f r
| \	} r>v r
DOLE is beholden to the same powerful groups as Clinton is. Here he meets with a delegation of rabbis.
hard to keep it away from the public's attention. And the average voter also knows that Dole is a war hero who doesn't pal around with convicted felons or extort sex from women. So far as the public is aware, Clinton is a crook and Dole isn't. But that doesn't seem to help Dole. The public prefers Clinton, because he smiles more.
What does that say about democracy?
Now, to be fair, if one polls only White men, then Dole is preferred over Clinton by a few percentage points. But White women prefer Clinton, by a substantial margin, simply because he projects a friendly, boyish image — and because the media masters dearly prefer him and portray him as a more fashionable candidate than Dole. Women always want to do what is fashionable, which is why normal, decent White people aren't able to outvote the members of the Clinton coalition — the queers and the feminists and the Jews and the moral cripples and the non-Whites — despite the fact that we outnumber them. We aren't able to outvote them, because as long as the controlled media are able to portray their candidate as more fashionable, our women will vote for him.
That is tragic; but, as 1 said, it doesn't really matter in the election that’s coming up, because both sides are controlled by the enemies of our people.
What can we do about that situation?
It is clear that most people prefer to do nothing. Even the majority of White men who reject Clinton for what he is still respect the system. They still respect the idea of demoo racy. They're willing to be governed by a crook, a liar, a filthy degenerate, and a traitor, if that traitor can win a majority of the votes.
But 1 believe that the only reason most White men still respect the system enough not to rebel against it is that they don't fully understand the situation. They don't understand that the system has been secretly taken over by their enemies. They don't understand the decisive influence of the controlled news and entertainment media in determining the outcome of elections. They aren't aware that the media are, by and large, under the control of Jews. They don't read the Jewish community publications in which the Jews crow about the fact that Dole and Kemp are just as much their men as Clinton and Gore are, and that there's no way the Jews can lose the election, regardless of whether the Democrats or the Republicans win.
Most White men, in fact, haven't really assimilated the publicly known facts about Bill Clinton. Sure, they've heard the rumors about his drug-dealing cronies back in Arkansas, but the facts haven't really sunk in. When his brother went to prison for dealing cocaine right out of the governor's mansion, it made the headlines for a day, but most men have forgotten that, because it didn't stay in the headlines, and the controlled media haven't brought it up recently. Most White men would be surprised if you reminded them of that today.
Twenty-four years ago a small group of Republican zealots burgled the offices of the Democrats in Washington's Watergate Hotel. A couple of those Republicans had connections to the Nixon White House. If the controlled news media had treated that incident the way they treated the
Cl 1996 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 I Hillsboro • 189 24946 • $40/year
Clinton and Jewish CIA Director, John Deutch.
ia
conviction of Clinton's brother for selling cocaine from the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Nixon would have served out his second term as President, and the name “Watergate" would have no special significance. On the other hand, if Clinton's drug connections had been publicized the same way the Watergate burglary was, keeping it in the headlines and on the television screens day after day, for months, leaking out a few more titillating tidbits each week, Bill Clinton never would have gotten to the White
House in 1992.
Or think about Clinton's activities during the Vietnam war. Most White male voters have heard about that, but just like the drug dealing it hasn't really sunk in. Remember, while 58,000 young Americans were being slaughtered by the Reds, Bill Clinton was demonstrating for those Reds. Now his apologists will tell you that was 25 years ago, and all of the trendy-lefty people on the college campuses were doing the same thing back then. We should forgive him for what he did 25 years ago and let him get on with his present job of being commander-in-chief of the militaiy forces he refused to serve with then and whose enemies he gave aid and comfort to then.
Well, actually it*6 not that simple. Bill Clinton was still entertaining his good Jewish friend and adviser, David Ifshin, in the White House as late as last year, until Ifshin became too ill from cancer to party. That's the David Ifshin who went to Hanoi during the Vietnam war and made those radio broadcasts urging U.S. servicemen to shoot their own officers and come over to the Communist side. It's David Ifshin's good buddy who is now die commander-in-chief of our armed forces.
Now, even the facts of the relationship between Clinton and Ifshin aren't a secret. When Ifshin died in April of this year there were news articles about his career burled deep inside the New York Timet and other publications. But it wasn't on televi-
sion, and so 50 million joe Sixpacks never had a clue. Even if it had been on television, they wouldn't have gotten the message — 1 mean really absorbed the fact that their President was inviting a Jew to the White House who had made treasonous radio broadcasts for the Communists during the Vietnam war and deliberately tried to incite mutiny and the murder of U.S. military officers — they wouldn't have absorbed and understood that message, unless it had been repeated every night for at least three months on prime time, Watergate style. If it had been, 1 am sure that the polls would show heterosexual White males against Clinton about ten to one, although his boyish smile would perhaps still win him the votes of many White women.
The Jews who control our mass media understand mass psychology and the manipulation of public opinion better titan anyone else, and they know that they don't really have to run a tight conspiracy in order to maintain their grip on the American political process, They don't huve to keep all of their shenanigans a
secret. All they have to do is control most of what the boobs see and hear. And, of course, make sure that both candidates are in their pockets, so that it really doesn't matter too much which way the boobs vote. The Jewish media bosses would rather have Clinton than Dole, because Clinton serves them willingly, while Dole serves them because he has to, but it doesn't really matter a great deal to them. It's one of those “heads they win, tails we lose" propositions.
Anyway, as 1 said, all of this hasn't really sunk in, even among that half of the White males who despise Clinton. If it had sunk in (or, I should say, when it finally does sink in) then they'll be ready to do something about the system itself. They'll be ready to clean out all the frith, and not just the figurehead at the top.
Now, I know that there are pessimists who believe that the average White male never will understand what's going on, never will wake up, never will raise a hand against the system, because he's too stupid, too selfish, too cowardly — and all too often just as much a slave to fashion as the women.
O 1996 • National Vanguard Books • Box 1)0 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ytar
But 1 am an optimist. 1 know that more people are awake today than ever before, and I know that more people are waking up every day. 1 get letters from them. And I see what's happening to the society around me. I can see the growing rottenness, the growing corruption in every phase of our lives: the divorce statistics, the abortion statistics, the suicide statistics, the drug and alcohol abuse statistics. 1 can see it on the streets of our cities. 1 can see it in the sort of television people watch. Things are foiling apart. The center isn't holding.
Other people see this too. Even if they don't study the statistics, they can feel what's happening. Our civilization is dying. Our culture is being killed. Honor, morality, nobility:
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
13
those are all things of the past now. What we have now is Jewish democracy, Jewish equality, Jewish diversity and multiculturalism, Jewish crookedness and deceit and degeneracy in every aspect of our lives.
And people think about the future their children will face in this increasingly Jewish world. And even though they haven't yet figured out who's responsible for what's happening, who's pulling the strings, who's controlling the politicians and the system, rage is beginning to build in them, rage against whoever has destroyed their children's future, rage against anyone who has collaborated with the destroyers, rage against the system which has implemented the destruction.
That rage will continue to grow, because the process of destruction will continue. It will grow until it overcomes timidity. It will grow until it overcomes selfishness. It will grow until it no longer can be restrained, until no amount of television brainwashing can keep it under control.
Our job is only to provide some understanding, to provide some direction.
This article is based on he American Dissident Voices program “The Meaning of Democracy,” aired on September 28, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Separation Now!
Separation Is the Best Way to Minimize Conflict Between Different Races
Here in the United States we sometimes think about Europe in romantic terms. We imagine that the racial problems and the rule by aliens which prevail on this side of the Atlantic are somehow absent there. We see Europe as a land of thatched cottages, cathedrals, yeoman formers, and milkmaids. Just around the corner are the great universities and delightful White cities of our schoolbooks. A nice dream, but just as unrealistic as imagining that the America of today is like a Norman Rockwell painting.
1 hope the previous article dealing with the African takeover of neighborhoods in Fiance disabused you to some extent of these dreams. Here's another wake-up call, this time from England:
NOTTINGHAM, ENGLAND — Three black teenage/* punched, kicked, and stamped a man into a coma as they chanted "white ban-land" at him
Their victim,	24	year-old	Gareth
Wiithaw, will never recover fully, lie suf-fend severe brain injuries and remains in
A WHITE MAN in Georgia is kicked by Blacks. Such attacks occur wherever Whites and Blacks live together
hospital after the beating last Christmas. He is still unable to walk and his speech is badly impaired.
The three blacks, Danau Drummond, Marlon Howell and Gary Hutchinson, all 18, were "a pack of animals," brutal coldblooded, and callous, Judge Dudley Bennett said at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday. "You showed no mercy," he told them. "You have ruined his life. No sentence I pass on you can ever compensate for that."
Danau Drummond was looking to vent his anger after losing a ring when thrown out of a Nottingham nightclub on Dec 23 last
year, the court was told. The gang was responsible for three other attacks that night They might have got away with the attack but for Philip Ellis, a Nottingham man who saw them and helped police to pick them out in a burger bar.
Ellis told the court: "It was disgusting. It wasn't just kicking - it was stamping on his head. I could hear them shouting 'white bastard.1 It was the longest minute I have known. My natural instinct was to go and help, but my sense told me not to, otherwise I would probably have been with him now."
A security guard heard one of the youths boast: "Did you see the way I did him?" as he mimed a kicking motion.
Danau Drummond was sentenced to ten years in a juvenile institution after admitting causing grievous bodily harm with intent He was given another thirty months to run consecutively after admitting wounding a man in an earlier attack, leaving him needing thirty-four stitches.
The court heard that Drummond subjected the man and his girlfriend to "a torrent of abuse," calling his victim a "white honky."
The other two Blacks denied causing grievous bodily harm with intent but were convicted last month. They were each given eleven years in a juvenile institution.
"We could not recognize our own son," Gareth WUshaw's parents said. Outside the court they said they considered the sentences imposed on Drummond, Howell and Hutchinson to be "satisfactory," but they felt nothing could undo the suffering caused to their son and themselves.
© 1996 9 National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/y$ar
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
14
Ronald Wilshaw, 63, said. "They are going to come back to their own lives but what has Gareth got? How many years is it going to take him to get back to a normal fife?"
He recalled the night just before last Christinas, when he and his wife Yvonne, 61, were called to Nottingham City Hospital where his son was on a life support machine. The beating had been so severe they were unable to recognize him. His head was massively swollen with the imprint of a shoe still visible over one eye.
When Gareth defied doctors' predictions and opened his eyes after three months, he simply stared vacantly into space. It was one day in the spring, when the family's Labrador, Kelly, licked Gareth's face, that he showed the first flicker of life.
Mrs. Wilshaw said yesterday, "At least he is alive and can talk to us." The first thing Gareth asked when he awoke from his coma was "Why me?" He remembers going into the city but nothing at all about the attack.
Passing sentence. Judge Bennett said: "You three participated in an entirely, absolutely, completely unprovoked, vicious, and sustained attack upon a young white youth who simply had been going out and enjoying a pre-Christmas drink. There is the plainest evidence that the attack was at least in part racially motivated, particularly so that you, Drummond, could take revenge because you had lost a ring when you were thrown out of a nightclub on account of your disgraceful behavior.
"You stamped mercilessly on that boy's head with sickening violence for the best part of a whole minute, while your victim was unconscious and helpless on the ground. While this was going on, you other two joined in the attack like a pack of animals attacking their prey.
"There are far too many gangs and groups of youths prowling through the streets in the late hours causing this kind of trouble, and it is going to stop."
I am sorry, Judge Bennett, but I think you are wrong. It is not going to stop until White people retake control of their destiny and write and execute a bill of divorcement from the non-European peoples who are now living with, and feeding off, us.
A few years in a bed-and-breakfast for underage savages and, if the Brits are as liberal as the stupid Yanks, then parole. The genetically inherited character of Danau Drummond and the millions like him will not change. And women likely to give birth to more such “youths” now fill the maternity wards of Europe and America.
A related question is this: How would a jury composed mostly of non-Whites — like the O.J. Simpson
no objection to that!
jury — have judged this case? By accepting multi racialism we have lost our justice system.
Drummond's crimes and the liberals' crimes are disgusting, but I do not counsel revenge. All our energies must go into procuring that bill of divorcement. We must have racial separation — or we will die.
♦ ♦ ♦
Here's another story from Britain, which shows that the White nationalist British National Patty practices what it preaches:
LONDON — Bermudan Negro Archie O'Brien has a dream: to live in Africa, which he describes as the promised land of all black people.
But getting to Africa with his wife and two children from North London is proving economically impossible.
And when all else failed him, Mr. O'Brien, a chef who has been unemployed for two years, sought help from the unlikeliest of sources: the British National Party (BNP).
The BNP has campaigned for the repatriation from Britain of all black people. Mr. O'Brien took the party at its word, and found them "more helpful than most black people."
Mr. O'Brien's dream is to set up a development center in Africa, probably in Ghana, and teach "Africans at home and abroad about their cultural heritage."
He appealed first to the British Labor Party and several black organizations, only to be told that no help would be forthcoming.
Britain, in fact, operates a repatriation policy — but only for those born outside Britain. Mr. O'Brien found that he was not entitled to funds under the scheme, since Bermuda is a British colony.
The BNP, said Mr. O'Brien, "have been very supportive. They have listened to me and said they would write letters to the Government and other organizations."
Of the unlikely liaison between a black Rastafarian and an organization, one ol whose goals is to rid Britain of black people, Mr. O’Brien says: "I have realized that we aiv on the same track."
C 1996 . National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yea
FREE SPEECH for November 1996
IS
This is die multi racialists' worst nightmare. This is the New World Order's worst nightmare. This is the Jewish establishment's worst night* mare: Blacks and Whites refusing to play the multiracial balance-of-power, dMdeand-conquer game and cooper* aring to achieve the only possible solution to the racial problem — separation.
♦ ♦ ♦
Here is a news item that it is probably best to issue without comment. It is from the London Sunday Times.
The emergence in Liberia of a warlord known as “General Butt Naked" has fueled tails tor an end to American aid to the country. According to a secret memo by the Defense Intelligence Agency (D1A), the general's nom de guerre "probably comes from his propensity for fighting naked. He probably believes that fighting in this manner terror-ires the enemy and brings good hick." The Senate Foreign Relations committee sent a copy of the DLA’s memo to the State Department last week, asking pointedly if further aid to Liberia was appropriate. Perhaps clothes parcels would be more fitting.
♦ ♦ ♦
The August 5 issue of Business Week carried a story about a little tribe of stock-exchange raiders calling itself the "Scattered Corporation." Scattered Corporation is headed by a Leon A Greenblatt and, if photographs are still evidence in this digital age, both Greenblatt and his principal lieutenant appear to be members of he Shrewd Minority.
Listeners may be familiar with the Kock-market technique called "selling hort," which means to sell stock that fou are "short of," in other words, idling stock that you do not have, rhis is perfectly legal, and essentially institutes a bet that the shares of the ompany you have "sold short" will all in value, at which time you will eplace the shares that were borrowed men you sold them. The difference tetween your short sale proceeds and he price at which you replace them is our profit for being so smart.
Short selling is a risky business, lines share prices go up more often han (hey go down, and since there is so limit to how far they may rise,
though they can obviously foil no more than one hundred per cent.
These risks don’t bother Greenblatt and company too much, though. They have special dispensation from the courts. Greenblatt’s company specializes in a special kind of raid called “bankruptcy arbitrage,” the exact details of which Greenblatt and his henchmen regard as a proprietary invention. According to Business Week, Greenblatt “makes a fetish of secrecy" and won’t reveal how the strategy works. In schematic form, though, it basically consists of selling short the shares of a company about to emerge from bankruptcy proceedings, and then replacing the shares with cheap warrants issued by the reorganized company.
Leon A. Greenblatt
Greenblatt is known for playing fost and loose with the law. Business Week calls it "creative interpretation of the rules.” He routinely ignores the securities regulation requiring short sellers to deposit funds backing their sales within three days. He claims that what he is doing is acting as a "market maker,” and so he is exempt from that rule. But that’s no more valid than claiming that you are an employee of the sanitation department if you pick up a gum wrapper
on a street corner. And Greenblatt gets away with it, betting millions with other people's money, and then cashing out without a dime of his own being risked. If you and 1 tried that, it would be called "free riding" and could land us in jail. But, of course, our name isn't Greenblatt.
And that's not all.
In 1993 Greenblatt and his fellow vultures at Scattered Corporation had descended upon the wounded body of LTV Incorporated, a troubled steel maker involved in bankruptcy. Grabbing for the main chance, Greenblatt sold short 180 million shares of LTV. The trouble was, there were only 122 million shares in existence — and not all of them were available for borrowing. Greenblatt had sold 58 million more shares of LTV than existed. In the process, he pocketed $27 million in 22 days of “work.”
Now, the shareholders of LTV weren't too happy about this, nor was the Chicago Stock Exchange. Greenblatt was fined $6 million, leaving him only a paltry $21 million on the deal. But our hero wasn't about to let an injustice like that stand. Like his Pharisee forebears, he had the qualities of audaciousness and persistence. He finally found his prince in Appellate Judge Richard A. Posner (who may have shared some of Greenblatt's forebears) who overturned the fine in a Talmudically tortuous legal decision.
Posner stated that while Greenb-Latt and his raiders may be “reckless gamblers, sharpies, wise guys, exploiters of loopholes, even violators of the letter or spirit of the rules," they nevertheless play a valuable role in the marketplace and can keep their ill-gotten gains and do it again if they feel like it.
Oy vey, what a country is this place America! Orwell, you were right. Some animals are more equal than others!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program "Separation Now!,* aired on October 19, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
© J996 • National Vanguard Books • Bos 3 JO • Hillsboro • WV
24946 • $40/year
She Needs the Truth



■ - -	%VArAY3WiVi

KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 04.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): every Saturday 10:00 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJ and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hartselie, Alabama, areas):	Every	Wednesday
0:00 am., 1400 and 800 AM.
WTiS (Tampa/St. Peters-burg, Florida, area and much of central Florida); Every Saturday 11:30 a.m., 1110 AM.
WALE (Ri, CT, and MA) Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m , 000AM
WBDN (Tampa/St. Peters-burg and much of central Florida):	Every	Saturday
4:30 p.m., 760AM
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 15420kHz; every Saturday at 0:00 p.m. Eastern Time and every Sunday at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted
even
S
I
y sports
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices on satellite anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 7.00 to 8:00 pm Eastern Tune on G7, channel 14.7.56 audio.
Where Will She Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
. In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a greater than one in four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We .are here to make sure that more and more young people like her will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance. It’s about time.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet.
Our World Wide Web Sites are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3 00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.