
FREE SPEECH • JUNE 1996 • VOLUME II, NO. 6
Nelson Rosit, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten

|
m
:m*/■:
m


Wm
i|||§
m
wm
wm
wm
yyyfvwfo
fflm
mi
Actions Speak Louder
Bill	S


America's Retreating Borders
Our Southern Marches Are Being Overrun
by Kevin Alfred Strom
This month I’d like to bring you an essay by the anonymous Internet author Yggdrasil, whose pen name is that of the tree of knowledge which sheltered the gods in the ancient Nordic religion. He is a White Californian and self-described “yuppie member of the information elite-* He sometimes abbreviates his nom de plume to just Ygg.
Yggdrasil recently travelled extensively by automobile through the southern fringes of what is still nominally the United States. What he saw and what he recorded is warning for all of us in America and everywhere our people still survive in the world today. Yggdrasil’s
essay is entitled “A Drive Through the Empire."
Last week the Ygg and Mrs. Ygg drove from Southern California to Texas and back. The kids stayed home.
The purpose of the trip was to look at housing in Texas, just in case we might want to join the great White migration out of Southern California.
The Ole Ygg hasn’t gone for a long drive in about 15 years. You see, yuppies in the information elite fly everywhere. We don’t drive. In fact, on the few occasions when I have told my partners that I am driving the short haul from Los Angeles to San Francisco, they look at me Tike I am crazy. The elites would rather stroll West Los Angeles naked than drive In the open country.
Like most who earn a living In the information industry, I get my impres-
sions of cities and of regions of the country by what I see in airports and the glass towers I visit.
Well, it didn’t take too many hours on the road in the Southwest to realize that my view of America from inside airports and the glass towers was less than a total picture of reality. Once on the road, I was judging America by the people I saw at gas stations rather than by the people I saw in its airport lobbies.
What a contrast!
The first impression is that the interstate highways are the exclusive province of factory workers, farmers, and service workers. Some have money for nice cars and trucks. Many do not. Generally, none of our elites are out there on these highways.
This pattern is actually a sharp contrast with the 1950’s and the 1960’s. Then, the elites vacationed by driving. That was a period of rapid freeway construe-
SOUTHWEST
this realon from tho mestizo nation of Mexico. During the next century they « hundred tilt* years ago European *	American*	»•	W	rapid	retreat	along	our	MUthern	frontier.	What our forefathers
tied ar.d deyeloUl	un^e to hold.
iQW and labored lor. we have
@1996 Nauunaf
VungM^d
ggj H 330 fMJ WV 24946
$40/yiai
Free Speech for June 1996
f i •
tion The new roads were as smooth as glass The interstates are much bumpier now The inescapable impression is that the United States is no longer w iiling to invest money in its automotive highway network Repairs are spotty. The ‘wrong* people use them.
A second inescapable impression is that there are large tracts of the United States in which Biro-Americans are foreigners. We all know that Euro-Americans cannot wander the streets of Newark, Camden, South-Central Los Angeles, most of Detroit, much of Manhattan Island, and similar venues after dark without a near certainty of death or mayhem. Euro-Americans cannot enter these venues in daytime without a visibly obvious reason In these urban combat zones of America, Euro-Americans yield the sidewalks in a classic reversal of roles from the old South.
Driving Interstate 10 from San Diego to B Paso leaves one not so much with a sense of danger as w ith a sense of alienation. There is a large swath of real estate in which you rarely see Euro-Americans.
It runs North from the Mexican border about 100 miles, beginning about 20
miles inland from the Pacific and extending through Southern Arizona and New Mexico to San Antonio, Texas. You will see Euro-Americans in the airport at B Paso, but you will not see any on the streets or roads, nor any working at any of the motels or fast food outlets. Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto booming up through the sunroof of a white Porsche had a dramatic effect on locals who had never heard anything like it before. They stared in amazement. The culture from which that auto and its music came were so profoundly alien, there wasn't a hint of recognition.
In B Paso, like San Diego, the U.S. Government has abandoned control of the border. Instead, there is an INS checkpoint about one hundred miles east of the border. It is the same in California, where the real border begins about 40 miles north of San Diego at the inspection station at Camp Pendleton, and in Fallbrook on Interstate 15. That is where the INS begins to apprehend and chase undocumented aliens. But within most of that 100-mile strip of territory along the border the policy is “don’t ask, don't tell."
Within this nation of Aztlan, Euro-Ameri-can culture has disappeared. Its residents will not attack (as in Detroit) but win watch Euro-Americans with wary suspicion. It is obvious to them that we are “outsiders" who do not “belong" there However, once you hit Austin, Texas, a remarkable transformation occurs. Euro-Americans are everywhere. You have arrived at the border of the Euro-American nation.
When you say that you are from California, the Texas real estate agents explain that there are thousands like you who move there every year in a mass exodus. Neighborhoods in Texas aren't like California. “ People go to church here. You won’t find drugs all over the schools." But if you aren't comfortable with the overt religiosity of the people, you will not be comfortable living there.
We took the northern route back, along interstate 40 from Amarillo in the Panhandle, through Northern New Mexico and Arizona.
We stopped for a bite to eat in Gallup, New Mexico, just off the Interstate, on old Route 66. There were 60 restaurants, and most looked like mom and pop op-
Free Speech for June 1996
©rations, so just to be safe we picked a Pizza Hut franchise and went in. The physical layout of the place was strictly Pizza Hut, down to the seats, salad bar, and sign that said please wait to be seated. But this wasn't any ordinary Pizza Hut. The service was extraordinarily different.
A young lady came over, fumbled and hesitated, and led us to a table without making eye contact. We waited 15 minutes and began to notice that the waiters and w stresses seemed to avoid eye contact with us. All of the workers and all of the patrons were Indians. We were the only Euro-Americans in the place.
After we had been there about 10 minutes, a man with blonde hair in a pony tal came in, was seated, waited for about 5 minutes to be served, and then quietly left. Finally, after 15 minutes, a young man came over to take our order. The body language was bad. He was stiff and uncomfortable.
Forty minutes later, and our pizza still had not arrived. Valuable road time was lost. While we waited, the counter was doing a land-office business in carry-out pizza orders. All of the carry-out patrons were also Indians. Not a single one was White. Mrs. Ygg was getting angry. Now Mrs. Ygg is not really a White nationalist. She is non-ideological, something of a racial “liberal," a fairly typical National Charity League “society mom" instinctively respectful of society's manners and conventions for preventing ill feeling and conflict. And it was the breach of public manners that threw her into a rage. She sensed that the Navajo did not want Whites in their restaurant and asked why they just didn't post a sign to that effect so that she could have taken her business elsewhere. She demanded that I go ask w here our pizza w as.
I went to the counter, waited two minutes for the waitress to make eye contact, and then finally blurted out to her back, “ How is our pizza coming along?" The visibly agitated and uncomfortable waitress said, “ I will check," and ran into the back room where the pizzas were being cooked.
The waitress came out and said she didn't know what happened to our pizza, but that they would prepare a new one, it would be ready in 12 minutes, and we did not have to pay. Fifteen minutes later the waitress came over with the pizza, said nothing, and did not make eye contact. The silent message was, "Eat this and get the hell out of herel"
By this time Mrs. Ygg was ready to re-fight the battle of Little Big Horn. I tried to calm her. I said, * We are now in the Navajo Nation just like the sign next door says. They don’t mis-labe! anything, it is * our* culture that claims race and nation do not exist. They can be as uncomfortable with us as they want in their nation. We should do what they say, keep quiet, avoid eye contact, and then leave *
Mrs. Ygg said, “BSI This is a retail establishment on a major interstate high-
way. They see thousands of Whites. How could they be in business here and be so uncomfortable with us? They are seething with hostility and suspicion. Further, all the Indian men in this place are wearing "gang pants" and high tops. They listen to rap music in the back. They sure as hell understand American symbols of anger!"
I then said, “ You know, it is quite strange that the kids who run this place are so suspicious and uncomfortable. They have had at least four generations of contact with us along this highway — and two generations of television — and they have not learned to put up a friendly front during business hours. Contact certainly has not produced understanding and amity. But maybe acting friendly when they don't feel friendly would be cowardly in their culture. Who knows! But this is what I mean when I talk to Ygg Jr. about the failure of multiracial empires. If you had paid attention, you would know to expect this sort of thing. You would not now be surprised or offended. It is our presence here with them that is unnatural, not their breach of the manners that you have expected them to learn from us."
Mrs. Ygg then angrily said, “ I don’t care about that. I don’t need their free pizza or their charity! I am going to pay for the pizza!"
The Ole Ygg replied: “No, you are not! They have told us the rules. We are to eat and get out with no more contact. Insist on paying and you risk serious conflict. Much as you might like to see me kick these pudgy little people through the window (as the Koreans taught me to do many years ago), you know I can't do that, even in self-defense, without my political views being uncovered and becoming an issue."
As we finished our pizza and walked toward the door, several young female patrons at the carry-out counter looked at us with alarm, as if we were men from Mars. They saw the Ole Ygg first and became uncomfortable, but became much more agitated at the sight of Mrs. Ygg. It was as if she were George Armstrong Custer.
Curious!
As we drove away, I could not help thinking back to Yggdrasil's Lesson One, and the thoughts of Professor Barro from Harvard, who observed that if the “constituent characteristics" of ethnic groups within a single country differ by too much, it might be wise to split the country into separate nations. A handy guide occurred to me: Any population that needs a quota or explicit preference has "constituent characteristics" that differ enough to justify separation. Ail you need do is keep the current questionnaires and administrative apparatus In place.
We continued to drive west. In a little w hile w e reentered the White Nation that begins in Flagstaff, extends through Kingman, and winds across the desert to Bakersfield, California It is a differ
3
ent White Nation from the traditional one in Texas. It is a nation that knows it is under attack. Uke America’s pioneers, they know that the eastern elites will send the cavalry to protect the black and brow n attackers if they defend too visibly or successfully. They know yuppies when they see them and they have learned to keep their true feelings and ideas to themselves.
While sitting in a diner in Kingman, I spotted a copy of The Arizona Republic reporting the arrest of 30 Aryan Brotherhood members in Arizona McPaper had reports of a debate between McVeigh's lawyer and the prosecutor, as well as an article to the effect that McVeigh might want to testify at his trial and claim he never touched a bomb.
It occurred to me that our Euro-American elites are going to be exceptionally angry and fearful as it becomes more and more apparent that their integrationist dream is failing. They are likely to blame these poor working class Whites and pursue them with a vengeance as the only remaining group within our multiracial empire upon whom they can enforce their will.
Look for the jails to fill with offenders w ho cross the line of manners and belief into the proliferating categories of “hate crimes" applied selectively on the basis of race and social class. Look for sporadic mass prosecutions for child molestation in these small towns, as social workers isolate children from their parents and interrogate them for weeks at a time behind closed doors to “recover" their memories. Look for more armed standoffs and fiery deaths. Look for the clever among these working class Whites to learn the diaspora art of concealing their true feelings lest they become targets. Marranos of the desert and the trailer parks!
Herrnstein and Murray were right in their seminal work The Bell Curve [see advertisement on page 4]. The information elites have become so profoundly isolated from working class Whites that they have come to believe that Whites truly are the passive, emasculated creatures portrayed by Hollywood.
Treatment of poor Whites by our elites and their legal system will not know any of the usual boundaries of “civil rights" and “civil liberties" that apply to Blacks or Browns. Our elites see no reason for caution. “Justice" meted out by our custodial state to poor Whites uppity enough to think for themselves is likely to be brusque.
Our information elites see America only from the air,
As Yggdrasil intimates, the prospects for White children do not look too bright in the Third World future planned for America by her currently ascendent ene* mies.
But European Americans are still the
@1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free SPEECH for June 1996
majority in this country, and it is our intelligence, our labor, and our consent which holds the evil empire together. Thence, the potential for Whites to influence the course of future events is very great indeed. But before we can exercise such influence we must educate our people so that they know who they actually ate, and what has been done to them by their enemies and by traitors within their own ranks, and finally to see the necessity of organizing not only for our own
interests but for our very survival as a people.
These are the aims of this newsletter. These are the aims of our radio programs. These are the aims of our World Wide Web sites at www.natvan.com and www.natall.com.
You know, one of the greatest things in the world today is the Internet, where freedom of speech still reigns supreme, and your message is just as powerful and as big and as accessible as the Jewish
networks’ message. America’s ^ are working hard to change all that -while you still can, get on the net ^ check out our World Wide Websitet. www.natvan.com, and www.natall.Goij
This article is based on the American Dto dent Voices program, “A Drive Through^ Empire,” aired on May 25,1996. Acamst recording of this broadcast is available a National Vanguard Books for $12 postpad
A Grand Synthesis!
The authors of The
Bell Curve have
distilled a vast amount of scholarship on class and racial differences in cognitive ability. They present their findings in a clear and compelling manner. The book identifies low intelligence as the root cause of many of our current social problems. This hardcover edition, 845 pages, is available from National Vanguard Books for $33 postpaid.
Free Speech for June 1996
5
The Suppressors
The New World Order Is Able To Exercise Global Censorship
by Kevin Alfred Strom
There are three recent and related events 1 would like to bring to your attention. The first is the sacking by Disney’s Jewish owners of Bob Grant, the only mainstream talk-radio host who, at least occasionally, speaks the truth on racial matters. The second is the cancellation by St. Martin’s Press of best-selling author David Irving’s latest book. The third is the recent political trial of the Politically Incorrect CP86 group in Holland.
New York City is, for all practical purposes, lost to the United States. It has become a Third World city. Its political structure and institutions are ruled by an elite consisting of a certain Middle Eastern tribe and their White collaborators. Its streets are ruled by often racially unidentifiable non-White gangs. It is an uncivilized and dangerous place to live and work, unless you are wealthy enough to hide behind the security systems and
bulletproof glass of the skyscrapers and limousines.
In New York City the controlled media are unable to maintain the pretense that everything is still all right and that the American people are still in charge, as they do in their “lie casts” to the rest of the country. To make such an outrageous claim would lose the media masters all their credibility, for New Yorkers know better. They know far better than most of us what a sewer this country has become.
In such an environment it was inevitable that someone like Bob Grant would be on the air. Bob Grant was an extremely popular talk-show host on New York’s WABC radio, the 50,000-watt flagship station of Cap Cities/ABC. Bob Grant dared to acknowledge that there were racial differences and that there was a racial problem in this country. He never ever implicated the self-chosen in the decline of America, but he did state openly the obvious truths that the man in the street had waited to hear for so long. And that made him extremely popular.
He stated:
Minorities are the Big Apple's majority. You don't need the papers to tell you that. Walk around and you know it.... To me, that's a bad thing. I'm a white person.
and:
We have in our city, we have in our state of New York, we have in our nation, not hundreds of thousands but millions of sub-humanoids, savages, who really would feel more at home careening... along the sands of the Kalahari or the dry deserts of eastern Kenya — people who, for whatever reason, have not become civilized. Am I the only one who makes that observation? No, certainly not. Perhaps I express It more directly, more candidly, far less euphemistically than politicians would.
He even dared to question our present policy of allowing the worst among us to breed us and themselves into more and more poverty and misery:
The only hope we have is something that w e' re not brave enough to do. But if there is a brave new world of tomorrow, they will enact the Bob Grant Mandatory Sterilization Ran. I wonder if they’ve ever figured out how they multiply like that. It's like maggots on a hot day. You look one minute and there are so many there, and you look again and wow, they've tripled!
...Why not apply the laws of eugenics, the laws of heredity, as discovered or proven out by Gregor Mendel? Why not take those laws and use them on the most important species of all?
He also went beyond merely stating the obvious truths that “ everybody knows but no one is supposed to say" when he exposed some of the shady and subversive connections of that New World Order saint, “Martin Luther” King. He went so far as to state the simple facts that made King a phony, a fraud, and a fake; and he characterized King’s moral state accurately when he called him a • “scumbag” and a “bum.” Hidden truths were leaking out to the hoi polloi, and we all know that we can’t allow that in our “free and democratic” society!
Hidden truths were leaking out to the hoi polloi
Though he disclaimed any affiliations with or sympathy for so-called “racists,” Grant did allow pro-White individuals to speak without being cut off in a few instances. This enraged neo-Marxist and leftist groups and individuals such as Fairness and Accuracy in
<01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech for June 1996
0
Reporting, Jesse Jackson, and Jewish at> tomey Alan Dershowitx. Their agenda, you see, cannot stand the light of day. And Grant, though on an obvious leash himself, was letting too much light in the room for comfort. They had been clamoring for Grant’s removal for months to no effect. Cap Cities/ABC, though heavily Jewish, had businessmen at the helm who valued profits more than Zionist or leftist goals. And Grant was extremely popular and extremely profitable for
ABC.
Even after ADP, AMTRAK, Continental Airlines, Delta Airlines, First Data Corporation, New Jersey Transit, Blue Cross, and Xerox had been pressured into canceling their ads on Bob Grant’s program, he was still on the air, popular as ever, and the ad revenue kept pouring in.
But, as reported on this program, things have been changing at ABC. ABC has been purchased by the Jewish-owned and controlled Disney Company, making it arguably the largest media empire in the world today. Instead of ultimately reporting to Thomas Murphy, everyone at ABC was now reporting to Disney’s chairman Michael Eisner and Disney’s president Michael Ovitz — both Jews.
Soon ABC radio had a new Gentile overseer, Robert F. Callahan, Jr.; described by the Unofficial Bob Grant Home Page on the Internet as Bob “I never met a protest group I didn’t cave in to" Callahan.
Knowing that they would now have a more sympathetic and a more Kosher ear, the censors intensified their demands to axe Grant after the Disney takeover. When Jesse Jackson demanded Grant’s termination, Michael Ovitz wrote back in true Machiavellian style:
"Although we have already determined how we will handle this situation, I nevertheless appreciate your consideration and concern."
In a few days, Jackson, Dershowitz, and the rest of the gang were outdoing each other in taking credit for their obscene victory. Grant was fired. According to an inside source at ABC, the conversation between Callahan and Grant went like this:
which were once acceptable in the media are now unacceptable. Don’t get me wrong, Bob. i agree with a lot of your views, but your views have become, well, controversial.
You know, Disney owns Cap-Cities/ABC now. Disney is a large, family-oriented company. They don’t like controversy, and frankly, Bob, you've become a bit too controversial.
I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but you have to be off the air. Here is the deal we're willing to offer you:
We will continue to pay you in full through the end of your contract if you agree to leave immediately and also agree the separation was mutually agreed to.
If you do not agree, we will stop paying you and claim that your actions were so racist and irresponsible they brought disrepute onto this company and thereby constituted a breach of your contract. Sure, you’ll sue us, but that will take thousands of dollars and years to get through the courts. You know, we have dozens of lawyers on staff, we can tie this up in court for years. Bob, you're 67 years old. Are you really up for a fight like that? And even though you’ll win in the end, is it really worth all the legal fees, time, and above all, the aggravation?
Take the money and run, Bob. It’s best for you, best for ABC, and best for Disney.
GRANT: I feel terrible about this. My life has been WABC for years. This isn't the way I hoped things would end, but it looks like I really have no choice.
Grant has now been offered a time slot at rival New York station WOR. I await reports from my listeners in the urban jungle as to whether and how much his leash has been tightened.
And I have a few words for the censors. You cannot suppress the truth. By shutting down a source of truth, incomplete and partial though his revelations were, you merely drive people to go farther and farther from the lapdog media to find the truth they crave. And you confirm their suspicions about the controlled media. Are you listening, Mr. Eisner?
Ill
From author Ingrid Rimland we bring you the story of David Irving and the fight for historical truth:
David Irving, os any reader knows who CALLAHAN: Bob, you’ve been with ABC	hag ^ (ntp World War II, Is one of
for a long time and are a valued member	Europe’s finest mainstream writers and
of our company. Unfortunately, times	historians, with more than 35 Impres-
are changing, and views such as yours	titles	to	his	name.	Not	all that tong
d 996 National Van»iard Books Box 3 JO HilUboiv WV 24946
ago, Irving was easily one of the worlds most monetarily successful scribes, ss shaying around England in a splendid brown Rolls Royce. He would routinely land himself grand multimillion-dolli deals because he has this knack for painting World War II both from a historically captivating and convincing angle, yet with a deft and gleaming pen. hfowrote such books as Hitler's War, Churchill't War, Goering, and Dresden, the runaway best-seller on which his world wide fame is based.
I would also note here that he is one of the foremost experts in the field of archival research. His work with original historical documents has resulted in many important discoveries. His most recent book, which his publisher recently canceled, is Goebbels: Mastermind of the Third Reich.
He was, and is by all accounts, one of the most successful authors who writes in the popular historical vein. R)r decades his books were used as handbooks in military colleges. It was raining manna from Publishers Row, and David Irving had the spoon.
In the mid-1980s, Ernst Zundel, scouting everywhere for expertise and information, started courting Irving as a potential witness for his upcoming Great Holocaust Trial #2. Ernst had read many of the Irving books and liked and admired the author - a feeling which was not mutual.
DAVID IRVING
% 40/ye or
Free Speech for June 1996
7
Up to that time, Irving had hardly heard of Bnst. He knew the usual, distorted stories about this w ild-eyed fool in Canada who claimed there was no Holocaust. He was leery and distant with Bnst.
What's more, he was a firm believer in the Holocaust. He had told a few snippets that didn't quite fit into the conventional 'wisdom" of what had happened during World War II, but no one would have counted David Irving in those years among the ranks of the Revisionists. David was vacationing in Florida when he was contacted by Zundel and agreed to be a witness for the Zundel Defense. He wasn't inexpensive either, but Zundel needed him.
A nonchalant David Irving arrived at the Toronto Airport in May of 1988 —sun-bronzed from his vacation, in a Hawaiian shirt, sun glasses, jogging pants, and sandals — and without suit, dress shirt, or a tie and looking just like the successful, laid-back writer that he was. Bnst didn't think that was attire suited to impress a judge and jury.
And so he stuck him in Doug Christie's business suit (Christie is Zundel's lawyer) — they had the same long legs! — and since he didn't have an extra tie, dispatched someone to the Salvation Army comer store to buy David Irving a 75-cent tie, and David, being a good sport, slung it around his neck.
Here you have providence foreshadowing!
Every news clip, every photo emanating from that trial, which made world-wide history, shows David Irving, British multimillionaire, clad in his borrowed suit and his Salvation Army tie! — while having no idea, I am sure, that on that bright and merry day he marched straight into his own personal, financial, and political demise.
The rest is in the transcripts that came out of the Second Zundel Trial.
The famous author David Irving, renowned expert at documents, took one look at the Leuchter findings [which prove that mass gassings could not have taken place at Auschwitz as alleged] and knew that he saw w hat he saw. Moreover, he turned out to be a principled, courageous man who testified to what he saw. He publicly repudiated his erroneous view on what is called the "Holocaust” right on the witness stand! He testified to what these findings meant for history. It is to his eternal credit, and shows the measure of the man, that he has stuck to his ow n guns and has been ever since — at great costs both monetarily and in his private life — one of the world's most often quoted, and hence most vilified Revisionists.
He has paid dearly for his stand. The lavish literary contracts soon dried up. Book-club and paperback contracts diminished. His lecture tours were sabotaged. Like other Revisionists who have dared to speak the truth based on the facts they have found, Irving has been
A Comic Book with a
Message!
New World Order Comix #1 - a 40-page,
full-color comic book dealing with the problems White youth face in today’s multiracial, multicultural society is available from National Vanguard Books
for $3 p ostpaid.
€1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech for June 1996
hounded, harassed, threatened, hurt, and Intimidated. He has been banned from Australia for what he said, and he has been barred for life and sent In handcuffs out of Germany for what he * might* have said there.
A vicious effort has been made to tie him to the Oklahoma bombing. A smear book recently came out describing David Irving as a sexuai deviate. It just goes on and on. There is no end to it.
The latest now is this, sent to us yesterday from the offices of the Institute for Historical Review:
... ALERT!
We just received word that St. Martin’s R-ess is going to cancel the upcoming book by David Irving on Goebbeis due to the extreme pressure to which it has been subjected since announcing that book.
A spokesman at St. Martin's would not confirm or deny that the book was being canceled, but did say that a press release was being prepared at this moment, and if not ready by tonight would most likely be ready by Thursday morning.
The toll-free number for St. Martin's is 800-221-7945. Irving's editor is Tom Dunne, extension 776....
And it happened. St. Martin’s, so craven in their capitulation to Jewish censorship that they claimed not to have read the book they were about to issue, canceled publication.
So what you witness here is yet another example of escalating Holocaust terrorism and subsequent “ self-censorship* by publishers — in the same vein as the attack on Marco Polo in Japan, a magazine which [tentatively questioned Jewish accounts of WWU and] subsequently ceased publication.
Just think about it for a moment: Is this going to stop people from reading Irving's books? Of course not. His books will be ever more in demand, and yet one more of many question marks about what * really* is behind the Holocaust to warrant such drastic and desperate steps will get imprinted in the public mind,
Who is it that tails you and me we cannot read what David Irving writes on Goebbeis? What's in it that's so dangerous? We'll want to find that book I We'll want to tell our friends who'll tell their friends ... and on and on and on.
Which goes to show force begets counter force.
In Holland political correctness has teached a frenzy of fanaticism that even Orwell would have found incredible, in Holland there is a nationalist political
party called CP86. According to party spokesman Tim Mudde:
The CP86 developed from an old party which was founded in the 1980’s under the name Center Party. The word Center [meant] not capitalist and not communist, not right, not left, but center... an early form of Third Way politics in Holland. In 1984 there was a split and [later] the more radical faction ... reformed under the name Center Party 86, [or] CP86.
In the beginning of the 90’s there was a large group of young people who became members of the CP86, and then the politics became pretty much radical, more or less like the BNP [British National Party] in England.
Recently, leaders of CP86 have been put on trial for, believe it or not, their party’s slogan, which is “Our Own People First.” Sounds insane, but where multiracialists rule, the legal system could make the Red Queen blanch.
How could this have taken place? Tim Mudde explains:
In September 1993 our houses were searched, the houses of our board members, the presidium. They tried to locate weapons and all sorts of illegal things. But since they didn't manage that, we were [put on trial] for our propaganda which we used in elections in 1994, mainly for town-councils and for parliament....
[They are now trying] to convict us on our usual very mild form of propaganda I think the people in the States wouldn't understand what the fuss is all about. The only thing we say is that there are more black criminals than white criminals. We don't even say that's a biological thing. We just happen to see things clearly.
in the 2nd of May in 1995 we were convicted as being a criminal organization, w ith some heavy fines for the members and for the party, also jail sentences on probation. Of course we will take this to a higher court because we think that if we really get convicted there will be no more nationalist opposition in Holland, and probably anywhere else in Europe because the European Union members are working closely together to ... ban every form of nationalist movement.
One of our leaflets was... against [having a] multiracial society.... Another leaflet reads, * Don't let yourself be discriminated against just because you're Dutch.” And another, which Is one of our main slogans reads," Our ow n people first.” This Is also the slogan of the fourth biggest party In Flanders, and if they ban it Tn Holland there's a big chance they’ll try to ban the Flemish Block also, which means nearly 20% of the Flemish voters will be convicted as criminals .... *
C)1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Last year I mentioned this trial on American Dissident Voices. The result of the trial was the conviction of several prominent members of CP86 on the charge of “using an illegal slogan.” Fines and jail terms were imposed. The victims of this travesty of justice have appealed and are patiently waiting for another turn in a court system which has obviously been captured by the enemies of their people. We wish them well.
A parting comment — the next time you look at the night sky think of ORION — Our Race Is Our Nation.
This article is based on. the American Dissident Voices program “The Suppressors,” aired on June 1, 1996. A cassette recording of this programs available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.______________
POSITION
AVAILABLE
National Vanguard Books is looking for an assistant editor. Candidates should support the editorial positions of Free Speech / American Dissident Voices, have experience in desktop publishing, and be willing to relocate to rural West Virginia. Applicants need to send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to the address below.
$40/year
Free Speech for June 1996
9
Actions Speak Louder Than
Words
Our Society Often Uses Subterfuge When Dealing with Racial Issues
by lan McKinney &
Kevin Alfred Strom
In April of this year the Pittsburgh ftwt-Gazette ran a series of articles dealing with race relations in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, area. Now this newspaper is known as left-leaning and liberal, so it was no surprise that the articles were slanted in that direction. One of the topics that the writers were most concerned about was the lack of racial integration — at least by their standards — in the Pittsburgh area public schools. They reported with all their liberal concern that 80 of 102 area schools had a 90% or higher White student body, which is totally unacceptable to them, and which is one of the highest percentages in the country for a city of comparable size and demographics.
On the same page they gave the results of a poll that was conducted by the paper to gauge the public’s opinion on the subject of school integration. When asked, “Would you have any objection to sending your children to a school where a few of the children were Black?”, 97% of Whites and 83% of Blacks answered “no.” If the school were one where half of the children were Black, 82% of Whites and 77% of Blacks answered that they would have no objection. And finally when they asked, “Would you have any objection to sending your children to a school where more than half of the children were Blade?", 45% of Whites and 67% of Blacks also said “no."
There are two interesting facts here. One is that 33% of Black parents surveyed apparently had objections to sending their children to schools that are over half Blade. But we’ll leave that aside. Look at the White parents’ responses. If 45% of White parents have “no objec-
tion” to sending their children to schools where Blacks are the majority, why is it that Pittsburgh has such a high degree of racial separation in the public schools? And why, as was also shown in the same series of articles, has racial separation actually increased since 1970?
Certainly to anybody concerned about the survival of the White race the poll results on the school integration question are very troubling and tend to suggest that many Whites in the Pittsburgh area have truly accepted multiracialism. However, when we contrast those poll results with the reality of the Pittsburgh public schools it is apparent that White people have learned one thing above all others: Whenever you are asked a question in public on a racial topic, always give the politically correct response. But these same White people have shown what their real feelings are by voting with their feet.
Despite all the hand-wringing editorials and liberal fuming, Pittsburgh, like an ever-increasing number of other cities in America, is attempting to extricate itself from the integration fiasco. In recent months the school board has announced that school busing for integration purposes will be ended, and a push is now underway for a return to “neighborhood schools.” And most significantly, the effort is not only looked upon with favor by many Whites, but is becoming more appealing to the Blacks, who have also had enough of this social engineering. One exasperated Black educational researcher summed it up recently: “[IJfthis is the best that integration can accomplish, I’d just as soon have our kids in segregated schools....”
No one — except the most deranged White liberals, so high on their own hallucinations that they believe them to be real ~ should be surprised that the whole eitort at integrating White and
Black school children has been a complete disaster which has wasted billions of dollars, lowered scholastic standards in nearly all the schools, caused inevitable violence and racial conflict, and resulted in no benefit to either race.
If you will remember, one of the principal excuses given for school integration was that the ability and self-esteem of Black students was being hindered by segregated schools. Well, even the Post-Gazette had to admit that the scholastic record of Blacks has not been improved by school integration. And at least some of the integrationists knew that from the beginning.
Let us go back to that fateful year of 1954, when the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the long-standing “separate but equal” doctrine in a case known as Brown v. Board of Education. The Brown ruling made school segregation illegal.
The NAACP*s legal team, led by the part-Black Thurgood Marshall, who later became a Supreme Court Justice, used fraudulent evidence, lies, and chicanery to prevail in that landmark case. But Marshall was primarily a figurehead for the whole effort: Much more important were the prominent Jewish organizations working behind the scenes.
The fraud utilized in that case was exposed seven years later by Dr. Kelly, Professor of History at Wayne University, who was employed as an expert on Constitutional history by the NAACP. During an address before the Historical Association, he described the purpose and tactics of the pro-integration team before the Supreme Court in these words:
It's not that we were formulating lies: there was nothing as crude and naive as that. But we were using facts, emphasizing facts, bearing down on facts, sliding-off facts, quietly ignoring facts, and
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboiv WV 24946 $40/year
THURGOOD MARSHALL Marshall was rewarded a seat on the US Supreme Court for his skillful use of deceit in arguing the Brown case.
above all interpreting facts in a way to do what [Thurgood] Marshall said we had to do — ’get by those boys down there.’
One of the very significant “facts” they were “sliding off* had been derived fix>m those now famous “experiments” with White and Black dolls. Much has been made of the so-called experiment in which Black children were asked to chose either a White or Black doll. Since Black children showed a preference for the White dolls this “proved,” according to the NAACP, that “segregating inflicts injuries upon the Negro.” The justices were, they said, moved by this bit of deception and sophistry. But what was deliberately not revealed by Thurgood Marshall and the NAACP’s legal team at that time was that when they performed the same test in integrated schools the Blade preference for White dolls was even more pronounced. This in fact demonstrated — using their premise — that Blacks were “ injured" to a greater degree by integration.
Of course their premise was ridiculous, the Court knew it, and the outcome had been fixed from the beginning by a power structure beholden to our nation’s enemies. This fraud, this lie, is just one among thousands perpetrated in the name of multiracialism.
Given this fraudulent background, is it any wonder that school integration has bad such negative effects? From their actions and admissions we now know that most of the integrationists really did not believe that racial mixing in the schools would have any scholastic benefit for Blacks, though 1 will concede that perhaps some naive people may have
been convinced of that. But what was the real goal of school integration? Why did the Jewish organizations and mass media push it so hard?
The answer to that can be found in the Post-Gazette series on school integration. One of these articles, entitled “A Look at Linton: Racially Mixed School a Study in Successes, Problems,” contains a photo taken at a Linton Middle School dance which shows two couples, one White and one Black. The liberal writers expressed their consternation that at school dances, “the students separated into small same-race groups.” The sick trendies in today’s media actually became upset when they did not find Black boys dancing with White girls or White boys dancing with Black girls. They also reacted negatively when they found very little integration in the school cafeteria: “One table is all White, another is all Black. White. White. White. Black.”
This natural tendency towards separation among the young people at this “integrated” school is simply unacceptable! That’s not what's supposed to be
ening! Don t these kids underJ stand what we’ve been teaching them in school, in church, and on Sesame Street for their entire lives? Befuddled liberals and dedicated Jewish activists alike are dismayed to find that healthy instinct often overrules brainwashing when it comes to actual behavior. And that scares the hell out of them. They could have seen it coming, though.
Even the most casual observer could have seen years ago that even the most unbalanced of White liberals, slobbering about “brotherhood” virtually every conscious moment, still move away from the Third World plague they have engendered in our cities in exactly the same direction and with exactly the same velocity as the “White racists” they decry.
The fact that the majority of White teenagers still tend to socialize mostly with other Whites is very good news. However, there are still those unbalanced young people who are influenced by the public school brainwashing on racial matters. Every White person who succumbs to the liberal/alien propaganda and sacrifices his or her genetic heritage by mating with
KENNETH B. CLARK Clark was the Harvard psychologist who conducted the fraudulent "doll experiments."
©J 996 National Vanguard Boohs Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/yi
ear
non-Whites is a loss to us of immeasurable proportions. We must take the position that even one such tragedy is too many.
We must see our situation realistically: We are a tiny minority in this world, and our lands are increasingly controlled and occupied by our deadly enemies.
The fact that we are outnumbered is certainly a disadvantage, but then White people have been outnumbered in many of our finest battles, from the Crusades to the settling of North America. Just as a military unit, all the way from a division down to the platoon, must work to foster a team spirit and bolster confidence, we must do the same among our own friends and within our own communities.
The poll results show that we Whites are often afraid to speak what we know to be true, and an army of cowards cannot win any battle. We must defeat our fears. We must be an example to others, who seeing us, will conquer their
Frit SPEECH for June 1996
own tears and join us.
Most White people have simply allowed themselves to he convinced that the situation is hopeless. They rationalize that any attempt to fight will only lead to failure and frustration, and that as one isolated individual they can do nothing. But the fact that you are reading this newsletter should make you aware that you have friends, an increasing number of friends all over this country and throughout the Western world. Thousands of people, just like you, have finally decided: I’ve had enough, and 1 will not take it anymore!
America’s enemies try to smear our separatist cause with the libel of violence or terrorism, but our enemies are the ones committing violence. It is they who send our boys to die in their wars. It is they who have bombed and burned and starved nations that would not submit to their rule. It is they who pervert our courts into instruments of injustice and our prisons into instruments of torture and murder. The blood of little children sacrificed in the name of “ integration” is on their hands, not ours. Our enemies know that their tall tales of violent, hate-filled White people are not true. They know that the non-White terror they have brought to our shores kills more people in one day than all the so-called “hate groups” have been accused of for the last thirty years or more.
The real fear of America’s enemies is that decent White folks will wake up and realize that their neighbors and friends mostly agree with them, and have just — until now — been afraid to speak. The real fear of America’s enemies is that we will find our courage. The real fear of America’s enemies is that once we have found our courage, we will once again become the government. And then we will legally, peacefully, and fairly try them for their crimes and mete out such punishment as is required by law, including but not limited to removing them from our society. That is their real fear.
Seven hundred years ago, when the Mongol hordes of Ghengis Khan attempted to enslave Europe, there was a terrible war that lasted for decades, but we won! Many years later, when the Islamic Semites attempted the same, we turned them bade even after they made deep incursions into the heart of Europe which lasted for hundreds of years. These desperate battles for the preservation of
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
ERNST ZUNDfcL
our race were not won in one day, or one year. At times resistance must have seemed truly hopeless. These enemies were driven back only through our ancestors’ patience, diligence, hard work, bravery, and above all, the recognition that the desire of the enemy was to destroy us. Is it really any different today? In order to win this battle we must call upon those same qualities that sustained our ancestors. We must understand that if we do nothing we are in effect slaying our own children, that everything that we hold sacred and everything that makes us what we are will be destroyed.
The internal contradictions and fallacies of our enemy’s scheme are becoming more obvious all the time. The failure of the multiracial New World Order becomes more obvious with each new draconian “hate law” they pass to stifle dissent. The climax of the age approaches! The only question is: What will you do?
It is my sad duty to report to you that the legal persecution of German-Cana-dian revisionist Ernst Zundel in Canada continues. This courageous man, a pacifist who has never uttered even a word of violence toward his
the Canadian taxpayers’ money over the last eleven years.
Mr. Zundel’s real crime is that he dares to question the motives and actions of the Jewish elite and the direction in which they are pushing Canada, America, and the rest of the Western world — and he has caught them in not a few lies. Mr. Zundel makes this elite feel very uncomfortable, and they long to see him deported to Germany, where he will be arrested and imprisoned by the puppet government there.
Last years’ firebombing of his house and the mail-bombing attempt on his life were apparently not enough. Now he, the victim, is being called a threat to Canada’s security.
You can send your polite letters of protest of this outrageous persecution of a peaceful man to Prime Minister Jean
Chretien, whose address is:
Jean Chretien, Prime Minister,
Room 309-S Centre Bock House of Commons OTTAWA, ON CANADA K1A0A6
This article is based on. the American Dissident Voices program “Actions Speak Louder Than Words," aired on June 8, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available From NAtional Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.._____________________
most vicious enemies, who has himself been a victim of several real terrorist attacks, is being threatened with deportation by our neighbor to the north.
Hearings are being held, secret hearings, in which Mr. Zundel is being accused of being a threat to the security of Canada. Nothing could be further from the truth, of course. Our people’s enemies are working assiduously to shut Mr. Zundel up because he speaks the truth. This is a project on which they have spent uncounted millions of
12
Free Speech for June 1996
The Big Picture
A Bare-Bones Outline of Our Present Predicament
by Dr. William Pierce
What’s the most important thing in your life?
Is it making as much money as pos-sible?
Is it getting along with other people and being popular?
Is it security? Is it happiness?
Well, of course, most of us would like to have financial security, and we would like to be happy. But for some of us there’s something more important than security and personal happiness. I’m addressing now the more serious-minded listeners, the ones who are capable of understanding things like duty and responsibility.
Duty and responsibility: those are almost bad words these days — definitely not fashionable. We’ve been conditioned by the media to be suspicious of people who talk about such things. This is the feel-good generation, the MTV generation. But really, we know that more important than feeling good is doing good, doing right. The most important thing for us is using our lives in the right way. The most important thing is having the right purpose and serving that purpose effectively.
We need to look beyond our bank accounts and our personal hobbies and our immediate circle of friends in order to find purpose. We need to see ourselves set in a larger context. We need to understand how our own lives are important as a part of the world around us: not just the world of here and now, but also the world of the future and the world of the past. We need to see our own lives as a part of the historical process.
When we do this, when we see ourselves in context, then we begin to understand our responsibility, our purpose. We begin to understand what’s really important in our lives. We see that we have a responsibility to the people who
came before us and made it possible for us to live, the people whose genius and work and sacrifice built our world for us, built our civilization for us, gave us our culture. We have a responsibility to ensure that their toil and sacrifice were not in vain.
And we have a responsibility to the people who will come after us, a responsibility to all the future generations of our people. We must ensure that what we have inherited from our ancestors will be preserved and enhanced and strengthened by us and passed on to those who will follow us.
This is the most important thing in our lives: understanding this purpose, accepting this responsibility. At least, it is the most important thing for those of us who are serious about our lives, those of us who have not become corrupted and trivialized by watching too much
MTV
So we need to be concerned about what’s happening to our world today. We need to become involved in it. We need to accept responsibility for it. That’s the whole reason for Free Speech and American Dissident Voices. It’s to help with understanding what’s happening, and it’s to provide a little push, a little inspiration, to get you involved.
In past broadcasts I’ve talked about many specific aspects of what we need to be concerned about. I’ve talked about specific threats to our world. I’ve talked about the breakdown of our system of justice, and I’ve given you specific examples: the acquittal of O.J. Simpson after he murdered two people, and the $43 million verdict against Bernard Goetz for defending himself against Black muggers. I’ve talked about the lies and the hypocrisy of the government in Washington. I’ve talked about the government’s ruinous trade policy. I’ve talked about the Jewish monopoly control of the news and entertainment media in America and the destructive way in which that control is
used. I’ve talked to you about the movement to get rid of our Bill of Rights, the movement to scrap the First and Second Amendments, the movement to make it illegal for us to write or say anything which is not Politically Correct, and to take away our means to defend our rights against those who want to abolish them.
And all of these things are important. We must look at details, we must look at specifics, if we are to understand what to do. Today, though, I’d like to look at the big picture. I want to talk to you about what has happened to us, and why, and what we must do about it.
First, let’s back off a bit, so that we can see the picture more clearly. Three hundred years ago, when nearly all of our ancestors were still in Europe, we had a pretty good grip on things. We were involved in the historical process. We had a feeling for our past and a sense of responsibility to the future. No one was telling us that it was wicked or racist or anti-Semitic or hateful to want to ensure a better world for our descendants. That was because we still had our wits about us, more or less, and we did not let anyone into our midst whose aim was to weaken us and destroy us. We had no MTV. We were all Whites; we were all Europeans. We had no slaves, no non-Whites among us. We kept the Jews in their ghettos and very tightly circumscribed their activities. It was just us. We had common roots and a common concern for the future.
Now, I’m oversimplifying things a bit to make my point, of course. Europeans did have disagreements among themselves. We did have wars from time to time. We did mistreat each other. But it was just us. It was all in the family. We had no aliens among us exercising influence over us and hating us and planning our destruction. Our books and our journals were written by us and were published by us. There was no Jew-controlled television. Our young people were taught
Cl 996 National Vanguard Booh Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
Free Speech for June 1996
13
in our schools and our universities by us, not by clever aliens attempting to corrupt and subvert.
And among ourselves — just us — we were building a great civilization. In the 18th and 19th centuries we created a world of science and music and literature and painting which greatly surpassed any* thing which had come before. And we spread our dominion over the earth. Wherever we went we conquered: in the Middle East and India, in the Far East — and in the West, in the New World. We were proud and self-confident. We knew who we were. We were White. We were European. We did not mix with those who were not European. When we needed land for our people, we took it. If anyone raised his hand against us, we struck him down. And thus we built America. And it was a strong and good and progressive nation, a White nation.
We did make mistakes during the past 300 years, though. In America we brought in Black slaves to work the land in the South, and we brought in Chinese coolies to work as laborers in the West. We kept ourselves separate from these non-White slaves and servants, but bringing them into our living space laid the groundwork for our present disaster.
In France and elsewhere in Europe, we let ourselves be hypnotized by false propaganda about equality. We are all equal, all the same, this propaganda said, and we all should mix and be brothers, and no man should have more than another. So we let the Jews out of their ghettoes and we let them become citizens of European countries. They repaid us by corrupting
our music and our literature and by subverting every European institution. One of them, a Jew named Marx, launched Communism, which eventually enslaved half of our world and murdered tens of millions of our people, often the best elements among our people. The brightest and most energetic and most successful of our people were butchered by the tens of millions by the Communists in Europe.
In America they were not able to succeed with Communism, but they infiltrated and took over our mass media of news and entertainment: our films, radio, television, book publishing, and major newspapers. And with these media they pushed the false propaganda of liberalism: We are all equal, they said, Black and White and Chinaman and Jew, all the same — except that you Whites have the stain of guilt on you for having thought yourselves better than the rest of us, and now you must make it up to us for having mistreated us in the past.
And with this propaganda they wormed their way into our educational establishment, into our government, into all of our institutions. And because they controlled so many of the media, there was hardly a voice of opposition, hardly a voice of sanity and reason to be heard in opposition to their propaganda, and they were able to corrupt the minds of millions of young Americans. They were able to instill feelings of racial guilt and racial self-hatred into two generations of young White people.
And with their growing influence they were able to open America’s borders to
the non-White world, and they were able to force racial integration on our schools, our work places, our neighborhoods. They replaced our European music with jazz and rock and rap. They introduced what they fondly call “modernism” into art and literature, replacing our culture with a Judaized trash culture. They overturned the laws against miscegenation. They persuaded the leaders of the Christian churches to join their revolution against the White world. They turned our government into a cesspool, occupied by people like Bill and Hillary Clinton.
And so here we are today, at the end of the 20th century, facing the prospect of becoming a minority in our own country before the middle of the next century, and so paralyzed by fear and guilt and self-hatred that while some of us look forward eagerly to our self-extinction most of the rest of us refuse to do anything to avert it.
Quite a mess!
Now, I have greatly oversimplified the picture, just so that we could grasp the most important features. I have not mentioned the minority of Jews who never engaged in or supported the subversive activities of the majority of Jews. I have not talked about all of the criminals among our own people, besides the Clintons, who have collaborated with the Jews. Those are details which are important, and I have discussed those details in other broadcasts. But right now we want to grasp just the coarsest features of our predicament. We want to understand, in a very rough simple way, what our situation is and what we must do about it.
THE WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, DC
The chief executive of the United States is a traitor to his people. Our government,instead of helping to solve the country's problems, is now itself our biggest problem. The Federal government Is deliberately pursuing policies which will transform America into a multiracial, multicultural Babel. Yet most of our people are so mesmerized by materialism and the mass media they will not lift a finger to change course.
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
14
Free Speech for June 1996
1’U spell out these rough and simple features:
First, America has been transformed from a White country before the Second World War, a White country in which the 10% non-White portion of the population was strictly segregated from the White population, into a multiracial morass today. The non-White population in America is increasing so rapidly that it will constitute a majority, and we will be a minority, within the next 50 years.
Second, America's government is deliberately and forcefully implementing this racial transformation. The government, an institution which our ancestors created to be the guardian of our welfare, has become the deadliest enemy of our people. It is deliberate government policy which is responsible for the flood of non-White immigrants, both legal and illegal, now pouring across our borders. It is deliberate government policy which feeds and houses and encourages the breeding of the huge and growing non-White underclass in our cities. It is deliberate government policy which mixes the non-White population with the White population and encourages miscegenation.
Third, most of the White population in America is collaborating in its own destruction, partly from ignorance, partly from fear, but mostly from a blind, animalistic urge to conform to perceived norms of public opinion.
Fourth, the mass media of news and entertainment provide the guiding spirit for White America’s rush to self-destruction, and those media are largely in the hands of the Jewish minority. The controlled media, with virtual unanimity, push the party line of egalitarianism and multiculturalism and racial mixing. The controlled media, with virtual unanimity, push the party line of feminism and of toleration for homosexuality and of White “guilt" for supposed historic wrongs to non-Whites. The media, by influencing the attitudes and opinions of most voters, wield the power which determines which politicians get elected to public office in America. The media especially the media of film and television have done more than any other institution u> degrade the cultural and moral level of our people. And the people wt to wield the media as a weapon against us are Jews.
Subscribe to Free Speech
You may have received this copy of FREE SPEECH as a sample issue. If you are not already a subscriber, subscriptions are $40 for twelve issues, and $300 if you would also like to receive weekly cassettes of our American Dissident Voices radio broadcasts.
One benefit of a subscription is quantity discounts on many of our publications, normally available only to book dealers. Discounts are available to subscribers on the following titles only:
Title	Catalog	Price
GUN CONTROL IN GERMANY...................$12.00
BEST OF ATTACK AND NATIONAL VANGUARD. .$16.95
HUNTER....................................$5.95
SERPENT’S WALK............................$6.95
TURNER DIARIES............*..............$12.95
ANY AUDIO CASSETTE........................$9.95
Number of copies (titles may be combined)	Discount
10 to 24 copies...........................................40%
25 to 99 copies...........................................45%
100 to 499 copies.........................................50%
Please note—Shipping charges on quantity purchases are $3 for the first item and 25 cents for each additional item, up to 99 items. For 100 items or more, shipping is free. Shipping charges must be included with your remittance. All quantity sales are final and on a non-returnable
basis.
Outside of the United States, orders are payable by check in US dollars on a US bank, and shipping is $3 for the first item, and $1 for each additional item, regardless of the number.
National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro WV 24946 USA
01996 National Vanguard Books Bax 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytat
Free Speech for June 1996
15
That’s our situation today, in very tough outline. And, of course, I’ve left out a thousand details and refinements and qualifications. I’ve not talked about the destructive, anti-White doctrines of many of the Christian churches. I’ve not mentioned the slavishly pro-Jewish and anti-White policies of many powerful NHiite politicians, such as Edward Kennedy, Bill Clinton, and Robert Dole. I’ve ignored economics altogether. I’ve not said anything about the destructive effects of the government’s trade policy. Ill not explored the Jews’ motivation for what they’re doing.
I’ve just pointed out four basic facts: first, America is being transformed very rapidly from a White country to a non-White country; second, the government is deliberately implementing this transformation; third, most of the White population is not resisting the transformation; and fourth, the mass media, controlled by the Jews, are providing the driving force for it all.
What this means to those of us who
feel some sense of responsibility to our ancestors and to our posterity is that our people are being faced with the greatest threat ever, with the threat of extinction, and that we must do whatever we can to avert this threat.
And what we must do — again in the very roughest and crudest terms — is, first, destroy or neutralize the two hostile forces which are leading us to our destruction — namely, the government and the Jew-controlled media; and second, start our badly corrupted and misled people back on the road to duty and responsibility.
I’m leaving out many important details, of course. I haven’t even mentioned how we are to deal with the Blacks in our midst, for example. But that is a detail we know that we can handle, once we have taken care of the government and the Jewish media and begun curing our own people of their present sickness.
So, we know roughly what our problem is and roughly what we must do about it. Now we must get back to the details, because that’s the only way we can make plans and execute them. But seeing the big picture is important in making plans, because it sets the boundaries for us. Once we understand the urgency of our situation, once we understand the finality of the fete designed for us by our enemies, we know that we must either conquer or die. If we do not defeat those who intend to destroy us, and defeat them soon, then our people will perish forever. What this means for us is that no matter how small our likelihood for success, we must act. No matter how desperate the gamble, we must take it. We must not fail to act. We must not do nothing, simply because no plan seems certain of success. No loss as a consequence of acting can be greater than the loss from failing to act. If we are responsible adults, if we are honorable adults, then we must act. There is no acceptable excuse for not acting — not family obligations, not personal security, not career considerations — no excuse. If we do not act, then everything will be lost, every reason for living, every rea-
son for which our ancestors lived and worked and sacrificed and suffered and died. The deadly filth of Jewish liberalism will spread over our entire race and destroy it — irrevocably, forever.
I promised you details, and now I'm running out of time. But here’s one detail: no matter what else we do, our first move must be to alert all of our people to the situation I have outlined today. That’s the first step: education. Education alone is not enough, of course, but it is necessary.
Many people will not want to be educated. They will be afraid to listen to anything which is not Politically Correct. They will hate us when we try to educate them. They will go back to their MTV. But for every fool filled with hate and fear who will not listen, we will find a person who already has an understanding of the things 1 have said today and who only needs to hear us say them in order to gain enough confidence to know that his understanding is correct. And we will find other people who have not yet achieved understanding but whose hearts and minds are open, and who can accept the truth when it is presented to them.
And so that is our immediate task: yours as well as mine. We must reach out to our people. We must alert them. We must educate them. We must encourage them. We must inspire them.
And here’s a beautiful, wonderful thing: when you reach out to other people to encourage them and inspire them, you yourself will be encouraged and inspired. When you find out how many other people there are who share our concerns, our feelings, our values, our sense of responsibility, you cannot help but be encouraged.
Even the hatred that you encounter from some people — especially from people in the controlled media — will be encouraging. For you will understand that they would not hate us so much if they did not tear us. And the reason that they fear us is that deep inside them they know that what we say is true.
So let’s get out there — all of us -and start looking for encouragement!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voice* program “The Big Picture," aired on June 15, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for |12 postpaid.______
The author of The Turner Diaries has written another blockbuster of patriotic
action.
^lv,.v.r' I*
v
‘	A-	rfidiyr •;vIV • i	\	‘
■ 0;0&ri
’ 'if' <-'■
#VV<V-,r *v'‘i




Available from National Vanguard Books for $8.95 postpaid
©1996 National Vanguard Book* Box 330 Hillsbwo WV 24946 $40/ycw
Will there be one?
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/Seymour, Texas area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; and to a m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkan-sas):Every Saturday 10 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsvifle/Decatur/Hart-selle, Alabama areas): Every Wednesday 9 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tampa Bay area): Every Saturday 1130a.m., It 10 AM.
WALE (Southern New England): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM
WBDN (Tampa/St Petersburg and much of central Florida): Every Sunday 730 p.m., 760 AM
KXEL: Monday through Friday, 9:30 p.m. Central Time, 1540 AM.
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world; eveiy Saturday at 11 30 a.m. Central Time on 15420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. Central Time on 7355 kHz.
Everywhere today White homelands are being subjected to massive non-White immigration and government-mandated racial mixing in schools, housing, and employment-
While non-White populations explode worldwide, the White birthrate is below the replacement level.
With the greatest crisis in the history of Western civilization looming before us our political and intellectual elites obfuscate or ignore the issues and do nothing.
If nothing is done, imagine the squalid, ugly, overcrowded world our children and grandchildren will inherit.	„.
We, the men and women of the National Alliance, are determined that there wihjae-eufuture forj^ihite children on this planet. \C^$)
To learn more, send $2 forffluBinfoj^ativfc-dook and tape catalog and our publication 534£What T£The National Alliance?, which expTpS our program^
NATIONAL ALfJ^NCEl.
P.O. Boxtfflj3) ^
Hillsboro, W\£ .24946
___________________________
Satellite Chifcmei"^
Listen to American Dissident Voices anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
Free Speech and American Dissident Voices on the Internet Our World Wide Web sites: ht t p ://w w w. nat v an. com http://www.natall.com
• Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $4 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid Ask for Item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946