FREE SPEECH • OCTOBER 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. X
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of t e First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Fashion for Genocide
Dr. William Pierce
A Closer Look at the Enemy
Dr. William Pierce
The Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith
Dr. William Pierce Hill
The Coming of the New Elites
Dr. William Pierce
Fashion for Genocide
A month ago I told you about the murder of two White girls, Tracy Lambert and Susan Moore, in Fayetteville, North Carolina, as part of the initiation of new members into the Black and Hispanic Crips gang. I'm still receiving comments about that program. Apparendy many listeners — especially those with Internet access — checked out the facts as reported in the Fayetteville newspaper, and they were shocked that, just as I said, there was no media coverage of these terrible murders outside the Fayetteville area. They were shocked that virtually all of the mainstream media around the country would deliberately hide the news of these racially motivated murders from the White public — and these were the same media which had made such a sensation about the killing of a convicted Black drug dealer and his girlfriend in Fayetteville by a White soldier, James Burmeister, in December 1995.
about and r!OI?’^'te America is presented by the media as nothing to be alarmed minnritw k, .'/lu30*’ as.a very 9°°d ^ing. In this school White children are already a e media present only neutral or soothing images of it.
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
U V
r%
But really, no one who has been listening to my broadcasts should have	been
shocked. I have commented over and over again about the virtual control of all of America's mass media by the Jews, and I have pointed out many times that the Jews' policy is to disarm the White population morally as well as physically by deliberately creating the raise impression that Whites are oppressors and victimizers, and non-
Donald Lange
kites are our innocent victims. They want us to feel guilty. They want us to feel that it would be immoral for us to resist any of their schemes for more non-White immigration, for more so-called “diversity” and “multi-culturalism,” for more racial mixing and racial intermarriage.
That is what the Jewish media bosses are deliberately pushing: the destruction of our people through racial mixing, and they don't want us to put up any resistance. And I am sorry to say, their program is succeeding. When they send their step'n'fet-chit Bill Clinton around the country making speeches about how much he is looking forward to an America with a non-White majority, about how any resistance to the government's programs for the darkening of America would be un-American, he is applauded by brainwashed young whites who have been deceived by this deliberately falsified media impression of Whites as oppressors.
Now you know, 1 am making a pretty serious accusation. I am accusing the Jewish population as a whole — and the Jewish media bosses in particular — of planning our annihilation as a race, of planning to commit genocide against us. Ana 1 don't want anyone to think that I am basing my accusation on only the few instances of racially motivated killings I already have cited: their suppression of the news of the Fayetteville murders of two White girls by the Crips and their sensationalizing of the news of the Fayetteville shooting of a Black drug dealer and his girlfriend by a White soldier and of the dragging death of another convicted Black criminal in Texas by three Whites. And so today I'll talk a bit more about anti-White crimes which the Jewish media have
Alfredo Brazil
Rodney McFadden	Jason Phillip	Antonio	Sinclair
Suspects in the attack on Donald Lange
deliberately covered up. The details aren't pleasant — in feet, they are shocking — but I believe that many listeners need to be shocked.
Let's begin with another crime which occurred in Fayetteville. This is timely because the trial of the criminals began just last week. Here's what happened: Donald Lange, a 25-year-old White soldier at Fort Bragg was leaving an International House of Pancakes in Fayetteville. He accidentally bumped into a group of seven Black soldiers who were going in. The Blacks began punching Lange while shouting racial insults at him. They dragged him into the adjacent arking lot and stomped and kicked im while continuing to shout racial epithets.
A witness in the trial of the Blacks, Tracye Cochran, was in the parking lot where the assault took place. She told the court last week, ‘The Black person who threw the first punch was the one who knocked him down. ... It dropped him down to his knees. He got back up and got hit again. ... I was walking toward the fight screaming and hollering for them to leave him alone. ... By then he was just getting hit by people left and right.” Another witness, Gina Perez, testified that she saw eight or ten Blacks kicking and stomping Lange as he lay on the pavement. She told of seeing one Black kicking Lange in the face, causing his head to slam into the pavement and bounce back. The Black would then kick him again, over and over. Perez said, “They just kicked him to death. I remember him being on his side, being kicked over and over again.” Actually they didn't quite kick Lange to aeath. They just destroyed his brain. He has neither moved nor spoken since the beating. His brain was so badly damaged that doctors say that he will never again be more than a vegetable.
Now, if you live outside the Fayetteville area, I'll wager that you've heard not a word about what happened to Donald Lange before this broadcast. Imagine what you would have heard if Donald had been Black and the soldiers who destroyed his life had been White. The networks would have shown Mr. Clinton denouncing the attack on television and calling for new laws against “hate crime.” In fact, that's exactly what they had Clinton doing last year when a White teenager beat up a Black teenager who had come into his White Chicago neighborhood. Clinton referred to the incident in his weekly radio address and used it as an example of why we must do something about “race hate.” But Mr. Clinton has responded to the stomping of Donald Lange with silence.
If Donald Lange had been Black and his attackers White, the media bosses would have had Janet Reno on television announcing that she was sending in the FBI. The media would have been interviewing every professional hate merchant: tne Simon Wie-senthal Center, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, Morris Dees ( and his Southern Poverty Law Center,} and all the rest. The media would " have made a real circus of it, and the whole world would have had it drummed into their consciousness: another hate crime against a poor, innocent Black by White racists in Fayetteville.
In order to convince the media bosses that he was doing something to “end hate” after the Burmeister shooting of the Black drug dealer, the commanding general of Fort Bragg ordered a witch hunt among the White soldiers on the base. Every White soldier was checked for tattoos that might suggest a skinhead affiliation. As the media frenzy continued, the witch hunt for White racists in the Army eventually spread to other
© 1998 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
3
A tattoo such as this would most likely be interpreted as indicating White racist beliefs and might subject a soldier to disciplinary action.
bases. Now, don't hold your breath waiting for the general at Fort Bragg to start questioning Black soldiers about their racial beliefs and their gang affiliations because of what Blacks from the base did to White soldier Donald Lange. The media pressure iust isn't there, and the general has better things to do with his time.
Last month a Black mob in Alton, Illinois, which is a suburb of St. Louis, beat a White man to death who had made the mistake of coming into their neighborhood looking for his stolen television set. As they were beating and kicking 48-year-old Richard Skelton to death on August 10, the Blacks hooted, laughed, and shouted racial insults, according to a number of eye-witnesses.
Now, it's possible that you may have read a few words about this racially motivated murder — if you're a careful reader of the small news items in the back pages of your newspaper. But you certainly didn't see anything about it on television or read any detailed news accounts, unless you live in the immediate vicinity of Alton. Even the news accounts in Alton tried to excuse the Black murderers by suggesting that Skelton may have precipitated the attack on himself by using racially insensitive language in asking about his stolen
television set. But there is no dispute about the facts. Blacks began beating the unarmed White man. Black bystanders watched and shouted encouragement to the attackers. Others joined in the attack, and soon as many as 25 Blacks were beating and kicking Skelton. They continued kicking him until he was dead.
Again, imagine the response of the controlled mass media if the races of the victim and the killers had been reversed: a Black wanders into a White neighborhood and is beaten to death by a mob of 25 Whites who laugh and shout racial insults as the Black dies. My god, the media would be apoplectic! They would be calling for martial law and a roundup of all heterosexual White males who weren't registered Democrats. Everybody in the world would be hearing about the killing over and over and over again, along with sermons against White racism. But as it is, most of my listeners are now hearing about last month's racially motivated mob murder of Richard Skelton for the first time.
Here's another one that you may have read a few words about if you're a news hound or if you live in eastern New York state. Earlier this month in Poughkeepsie, New York, a town on the Hudson River about 70 miles north of New York City, police discovered the decomposing corpses of seven White women and one Black woman in the house of Kendall Francois. The women had been murdered over a two-year period, with the latest being killed just a month ago. Francois is a 27-year-old Black man who works as a hall monitor in a nearby high school. Affirmative action got him the school job even though he had a previous arrest record. Francois • was living with his mother and father and younger sister — and eight decaying corpses. Police found the dead women lying on beds and in the midst of piles of rotting garbage in various rooms of his house. Francois's parents and his sister, who is employed as a nurse at a nearby hospital, said that they hadn't worried about the stench from the dead women because they thought it was the odor of the garbage which had been allowed to accumulate in the house. Francois had picked up the women, one at a time, taken them to his house, had sex with them, and then strangled them.
Now, in a sense the murders of these women may not have been race
A tattoo such as this would most likely be interpreted as simply indicating healthy ethnic pride.
crimes. The women were all prostitutes, and aside from the fact that Francois had a preference for killing White prostitutes, we don't really know what his motive was for killing them. And I should add that I believe that any White woman, prostitute or not, who consents to sexual relations with a Black deserves death, so I cannot really condemn Francois for killing them.
The real racial angle to these killings is the media response — or lack thereof. Do you remember John Wayne Gacy or Jeffrey Dahmer? I'm sure you do, even though Gacy was arrested 20 years ago and Dahmer more than seven years ago. Both of them also were serial killers who stashed the bodies of their victims in or under their houses. Both received enormous publicity when police caught them — so much that we still remember them many years later. But they were both White.
Gacy and Dahmer, of course, received extraordinarily heavy media coverage not because they were White, but because their shocking crimes were extraordinarily newsworthy. Francois has received almost no media coverage outside the Poughkeepsie area, not because his shocking crimes were not extraordinarily news-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
Brandy Duvall
Francisco Martinez
worthy, but because he is Black and most of his victims were White.
Earlier this month a court in Colorado convicted Francisco Martinez of participating in the abduction, gang rape, torture, and murder of a 14-year-old White girl, Brandy Duvall. Martinez and six other members of the Black and Hispanic Bloods gang grabbed Brandy from a bus stop in Denver on the night of May 30, last year. They took the young White girl to the house of one of the gang members and spent several hours raping her and then sexually torturing her with a knife and a broomstick. During the trial one of the gang members told the court how Martinez laughed as he repeatedly rammed a broomstick into the body of the bleeding girl while she screamed and pleaded for her life. Later they stabbed the 14-year-old girl 28 times and dumped her body in a ditch. Then they went home and disposed of the bloody mattress on which she had been raped and tortured.
Four of the Bloods gang members have pleaded guilty, one other besides Martinez has been tried and convicted, and one is still awaiting trial. This case is reminiscent of the Fayetteville murders last month of two White girls by members of the Crips. The Crips and the Bloods are the two largest non-White gangs in the United States. Like the Fayetteville murders, Brandy Duvall's murder and the subsequent trials have received virtually no national news coverage, although Denver-area newspapers did report them.
Once again, imagine the reaction of the television networks and all of the other national media if instead of the Bloods raping, sexually torturing, and murdering a 14-year-old White girl, seven Ku Klux Klan members nad done that to a Black girl or a Mexican girl. The gruesome details would be on every television screen in America night after night after night,
and there would be no end to the parade of politicians and preachers and professional hate merchants telling us about the evils of White racism. We know that's what would happen, because we have seen it before in far less egregious cases, most recendy in the dragging death of the Black convict in Jasper, Texas, this summer.
Now, all of the Black-on-White crimes I've just mentioned — the stomping of Donald Lange by Black soldiers in Fayetteville until he became a mindless vegetable; the kicking of Richard Skelton to death by a Black mob in Alton, Illinois, when he tried to retrieve his stolen television set; the murder of seven White prostitutes by a Black school monitor in Poughkeepsie, New York; the horrible rape, torture, and murder of 14-year-ola Brandy Duvall by members of the Bloods gang in the Denver area after they had snatched her from a bus stop — all of these either occurred during the past month or came to trial during the past month. And I could have given you twenty more recent examples of horrible race crimes committed by non-Whites against Whites which have received the silent treatment by the media, except in the areas where they occurred. And these are all crimes which would have received extensive national publicity if they had been White-on-Black crimes.
Anyway, I hope that I've made my point. And my point is that the controlled media are far more likely to
The House in which Francois, his parents, and his sister, the nurse, lived was so foul that investigators had to wear gas masks to enter.
Kendall Francois
publicize White-on-Black crimes than Black-on-White crimes. And this is not just a fluke. It's not that I have carefully selected a few Black-on-White crimes which somehow escaped the attention of the media. No, their way of dealing with interracial crime is systematic. It is consistent. We all understand that. If the Ku Klux Klan does something, the Jewish media act as if the sky is falling. If the Bloods or the Crips do something, they ignore it. There is no denying that. We know it's true.
So why do they do it7 If I ask a non-Jewish newspaper writer or television reporter or magazine editor: “Why do you and your colleagues minimize the news of Black-on-White crime? Why are you protective of non-White organizations such as the Bloods and the Crips? Don't you believe that you have a responsibility to warn the White public about the dangers posed for us by non-White crime in general and by non-White gangs such as the Bloods and the Crips in particular?
“And why do your colleagues maximize the news of any White-on-Black crime? Why do you go ballistic if there's any possibility of a White organizational connection, even if some racially oriented literature is found in the White offender's possession? Don't you understand that the Bloods and the Crips are essentially anti-White criminal organizations, while the Klan can only be accused of having members who sometimes do stupid things? Why do you deliberately create the false impression in the public mind that White-on-Black crime — that's what you call ‘hate crime’ — is a big problem in our soci-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
5
Brandy Duvall’s mother leaves the courtroom in which Francisco Martinez was convicted of the rape, torture, and murder of her daughter.
ety, and at the same time you hide from the public the truly horrendous and dangerous problem of Black-on-White crime? Why do you do it?”
I've never gotten really clear and honest answers to these questions. But what is clear is that they all know how they're expected to report the news. They know what the party line is. They know which side their bread is buttered on. It's clear that the top media bosses have set the fashion for reporting interracial crime, and no one who works for them is willing to depart from the fashion.
That fashion, which is almost never stated explicidy, which is only implied, is this: “White people are evil — especially heterosexual White males. They have persecuted non* Whites for hundreds of years. White people really shouldn't complain if non-Whites sometimes strike back at them. That's only justice. When Blacks and Mexicans organize in gangs, it's only to protect themselves from Whites. But when Whites organize, it's to oppress non-Whites. Whites need to be reminded that they are oppressors. That's why White crimes against non-Whites should be emphasized. And if we're to have a happy and prosperous multicultural society with lots of diversity, which is of course a wonderful thing, then Whites need to mix more with non-Whites ... so we shouldn't give them any news which might make them reluctant to mix. We shouldn't tell them about Black crimes against Whites, because that might frighten White women away from Black men. It might even lead Whites to organize against non-Whites. In the long run the only sure way to have a peaceful society, in which everyone gets along with everyone else, is to get rid of the White majority: to replace the present White majority with a non-White majority. A lot of racial mixing and
racial intermarriage will help to achieve that, and we should report the news with that aim in mind.”
That is the prevailing fashion in the controlled mass media today, whether the media people will admit it or not. That fashion has been set deliberately by the media bosses. And I, curious and inquisitive person that I am, have looked at where that fashion is taking us, and when I have done that I have looked into the face of death: racial death, racial extinction. And I, hardheaded cynic that I am, have decided that die Jewish media bosses who designed the current fashion in reporting the news have in fact designed it with that aim in mind. And I also have decided that
it is our responsibility to ourselves, to our posterity, to our ancestors, and to the God of Nature which made us what we are to use any and all means — any and all means — to combat these Jewish media bosses and their collaborators in the government, in the schools, in the churches, and wherever else we find them.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Fashion for Genocide,” aired on September 26, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
8888 8881 888$ 88 881 888 8881 888 888
Wmm	figffltt	896888	888	Mi	MSM	MM	MMI	MM
oWcwR	MW	mwlt	WM	MM	JMHI	MM	MM	MM
888$ 8881 88881
ubscribe to FREE SPEECH!
Name:
Address:
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to FREE SPEECH
Mail to:
---------------------    —..................   National	Vanguard	Books
P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Your subscription helps to keep AMERICAN DISSIDENT VOICES on the air.
1
1
8
1
I
i
i
i
m
© 1998 • National Vanguard Bookr • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
A Closer Look at the Enemy
You know, this world we live in is a complicated place.
Behind every phenomenon we observe there are many forces at work, some of them obvious and some not so obvious. Trying to separate what's important from what's not important can be a confusing task. Every week when we discuss on this program what's happening in the world around us, and I try to explain events so that listeners can have a clear understanding of them, I must simplify the world. Clarity requires simplification. Understanding demands simplification. A useful explanation requires separating the important things from those which are less important and focusing first on the former. If I tried to explain every phenomenon in the world in complete detail, leaving out nothing, I would succeed only in confusing everyone, especially myself.
So if we want to understand the world we must simplify it. But we must be careful not to oversimplify, or our explanations lose their value. Occasionally my listeners accuse me of oversimplifying, or they are aware of some factor which I have not discussed in detail, and they suspect that I have left it out deliberately because it would contradict some theory of mine.
Here's an old example of the way oversimplification can lead to confusion: After the Bolshevik takeover of Russia early in this century, many anti-communists in America spread the word that a majority of the Bolshevik leaders were not Russians but were Jews, and they warned Americans that there also were many Jewish communists in America who posed a danger of subversion. This was back in the days before the exposure of the Rosenbergs and other communist-Jew-ish spies and conspirators in America. The Jewish media countered this warning with a deliberate campaign of
Clinton and his “good friend” Senator Joseph Lieberman
confusion. They said, “Oh, you used to accuse of us being international bankers and capitalists and of subverting nations with our money. Now you accuse us of being international communists and of being a threat to capitalism. So which is it? Are we capitalists or are we communists? It can't be both, so make up your mind.” This response was supposed to make their accusers look foolish, and with much of the public the trick worked.
Of course, the truth of the matter is that Jews are both capitalists and communists §§ and neither. They are, first and last, Jews, and that really says it all, if one understands what a Jew is. The average Gentile thinks that a communist must be someone who is a believer in communist ideology, and a capitalist must be someone who is a believer in the ideology of free enterprise. It doesn't occur to him that for many Jews ideology is not something that one actually believes; it is simply a tool which one uses for deceiving
non-Jews. The aim always to acquire wealth and power and whether one uses capitalist methods and ideology or communist methods and ideology for this purpose depends upon the situation. Regardless of the methods one uses, one remains a Jew. That's what is important.
And of course, most of the people who were trying to warn their fellow Americans about the dangers represented by the Jews in their midst didn't try to explain that, because most Americans simply wouldn't have understood; it would have been too complicated for them. So the anticommunists simply said: “Watch out! The Jews are communists or are sympathetic to the communists.” And that was an oversimplification of the truth.
Here's a more recent example:	I have warned
Americans that Bill Clinton is a puppet of the Jews, an obedient tool of the Jews, and I have pointed out the fact that most of the important appointments he has made as President have gone to Jews: two Supreme Court justices, his entire foreign policy and national security team, and so on. And I have stated that the Jewish media got him elected in 1992 and then reelected in 1996.
And so now some people have asked me, “Well, if Clinton is an obedient tool of the Jews, why are they now trying to destroy him? Why are some of the people who are in the forefront of those now pulling Clinton down Jews? Why would a Jewess, Monica Lewinsky, turn on him? Don't you know that some of Ken Starr's associates are Jews? Didn't you notice that one of Clinton's most important attackers is Connecticut's Jewish Senator Joseph Lieberman? It has been the Jewish media, like the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, and the Washington Post, which have exposed Clinton's lies and other
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro I WV 24946 • $40/year
crimes. So how can you say that he is a puppet of the Jews? It doesn't make sense.”
But of course, it does make sense — if one doesn't tty to oversimplify. I don't want to spend too much time on this because I've already covered much of the ground in earlier broad-casts, but I'll try to add a few more details, so that the picture is still simple, still clear, but not overly simple. The basic facts are these: First, the Jews control the mass media — or more accurately, they are the most powerful of the conscious elites in the media world; they wield more control over the media than any other coherent and self-conscious group. And because of this media control they are able to exercise a determining influence on the electoral process: in other words, through their media control they are able to control the politics of a mass democracy, where everyone, even the most easily manipulated elements of the population, has an equal vote.
Second, Bill Clinton is a talented but utterly corrupt man. He is a typical child of the 1960s. He grew up believing that the world owed him something. He grew up believing that he was entided to whatever he could grab. And he grew up cynical. He grew up during a period when the Jews were turning American society on its head, when Jews were breaking all of the rules and getting away with it. Bill Clinton noticed this and learned from it. And Bill Clinton grew up with a talent for manipulating people, a talent for lying to people and getting them to believe him. This suited him perfecdy for a career in politics.
And the Jews noticed Bill Clinton. They saw him as potentially very useful to them. He is exacdy the sort of man they always are on the lookout for: corrupt but charming; someone who can attract votes but who understands which side his bread is buttered on. They supported him with their media and with their money. Without their support he wouldn't have gotten into the White House. And Bill Clinton reciprocated. He gave them whatever they wanted. He appointed them to every high position in the government, and he pushed
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
their policies and programs. On all of this die record is clear. So why are they abandoning, even attacking, their good friend Bill Clinton now?
Well of course, he never really was their friend: he was their useful tool. And he has become a badly damaged tool as a consequence of his own personal weaknesses. The Jews did not set out to destroy him. He did that himself. Remember, Ken Starr was ready to throw in the towel and give up on investigating Clinton three years ago. If anyone besides Clinton deserves credit for his downfall it is Paula Jones. When Paula Jones sued Clinton for sexual harassment she opened the Pandora's box from which the affair with Monica Lewinsky eventually came to light. Remember, the Jewish media tried hard not to notice Paula Jones. That Paula eventually was noticed by the public resulted from several factors beyond the control of the Jewish media bosses.
And that's one of those little complications we must deal with in trie real world. Despite all their media power and all their money, the Jews are not able to control everything all the time. Sometimes the Jews are compelled by circumstances just like the rest of us. They also have their vulnerabilities.
Paula Jones opened a Pandora's box that the Jews would have preferred to keep closed. But once the box was open, they had to decide what to do about Clinton. On the one hand, they have A1 Gore waiting in the wings, and A1 Gore is just as corrupt as Bill Clinton, just as willing a tool. But on the other hand, Gore simply doesn't have Clinton's talents. He'll do what the Jews tell him, but he won't be able to charm the voters as effectively as Clinton could. They'd like to keep Clinton, but he's become a bit of a tar baby. And so we have had an opportunity to see another of the world's little complications, and that is that not even the Jews are always in complete agreement about the best way to proceed.
The Jews don't want to become too closely identified with Clinton's corrupt image. Looking a little further ahead than the mass of Gentile voters who still think Clinton should stay in the White House, the Jews under-
7
stand that it will not be helpful for them to have a very close historical association with the Clinton administration. They don't want Clinton to be thought of as their man, because they have a suspicion that despite his present popularity his historical image will be very bad indeed. For some of them that is the primary consideration, and they'd like to see Clinton go quickly and then muddle through with Al Gore as best they can. Other Jews are still fascinated by Clinton's approval ratings and his ability to charm the lemmings. They don't want to trade him in for Al Gore no matter how much tar rubs off on them. And of course, they also have the consideration that if they all abandon him simultaneously and all begin attacking him, he conceivably could turn on them and lash out at them. Better to keep him mindful that despite the fact that some of them are pulling him down, if he wants to stay out of prison he'd better keep obeying orders. So there are complications in life even for the Jews.
I'll give you one more example of the subdeties that one must deal with in trying to understand the role of the Jews in our society. Last week one of the most powerful Jewish organizations, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith — the ADL — held a huge press conference at the National Press Club in Washington and simultaneous press conferences in a number of cities around the country, and they announced that I am the most dangerous man in America. Really: I am the most dangerous man in America! And the organization I head, the National Alliance, is the most dangerous organization in America. Really: not the Mafia, not what's left of the Communist Party, not some violent and well armed militia group, not Louis Farrakhan and the Black Muslims, but the National Alliance.
Well, I long ago decided that any insult from the Devil is a compliment, but still there are some troubling aspects to what the Anti-Defamation League has done, and I'll share them with you, because they can help us understand better the way the Jews operate. When the ADL held its press conferences last week it handed out press releases to the
8
reporters and politicians. The press release began with a statement by the top ADL commissar, Abraham Fox-man, saying, “The National Alliance is an alliance of bigots and bombers thriving on hate,” and then it listed a long series of violent crimes and terrorist acts the ADL claims are “linked to the National Alliance and its propaganda.” The list begins:
•	1992-1995, Midwest: Authorities say the Aryan Republican Army, a white supremacist gang that required members to read The Turner Diaries, committed 22 bank robberies and bombings.
•April 19, 1995, Oklahoma City: The bombing of the Murrah Federal Building is eerily reminiscent of a fictional bombing scene in The Turner Diaries, of which Timothy McVeigh was a devotee.
•	December 1995, Fayetteville, NC: Two soldiers stationed at Fort Bragg, who were avowed neo-Nazis and reportedly read National Alliance propaganda, murdered an African-American couple.
Et cetera. There's a lot more to the ADL's press release, but you get the idea: I and the other members of the National Alliance are bomb-throwers and bank robbers “linked” to 22 bank robberies and bombings in the Midwest, to the Oklahoma City bombing, to the shooting of a Black drug dealer and his girlfriend in North Carolina, and to lots of other things. Now, as a matter of fact, neither I nor anyone else in the National Alliance had ever heard of the Aryan Republican Army and its 22 bank robberies and bombings, or of Timothy McVeigh, or of the soldiers at Fort Bragg who shot the Black drug dealer, until we saw these people on television news programs, like everyone else.
But we are “linked” to them, says the ADL How? Did some of these folks listen to one of my American Dissident Voices broadcasts? Probably. At least, I wouldn't be surprised. Did some of them read my 1978 novel, The Turner Diaries? Probably. At least, I've seen evidence to indicate that Timothy McVeigh did, although I don't know about any of the others. There are a quarter of a million copies of th$ book in circulation, and
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
Abraham Foxman
probably a half-million readers altogether — including, no doubt, Abraham Foxman and a number of his associates in the ADL
So that's how I and the National Alliance are “linked” to bombings, bank robberies, and murders. Very clever. So then, it's fair to say that the Catholic Church is “linked” to Mafia operations, and that the Automobile Association of America — the AAA — is “linked” to drunk driving, and that the folks who publish various editions of the Bible are “linked” to the crimes committed by people who quote the Bible as they take an ax to their wives or blow away a neighbor with a shot-gun.
“The National Alliance is an alliance of bombers and bigots,” says Abraham Foxman. I am not aware of a single instance of a bombing committed by a National Alliance member — although a couple of years ago a former member in Florida had a pipe bomb he was trying to build blow up in his face. He wasn't a member of the National Alliance at the time, and he didn't actually bomb anything except himself — but that's enough for Abraham Foxman and the ADL to describe the National Alliance as an organization of “bombers and bigots.”
You know, every organization which recruits from the public will occasionally recruit a member who has had or will have a problem with the law, but here's something to remember: the Democratic Party has a much higher percentage of lawbreakers among its members than does the National Alliance. We don't tolerate criminal activity, but the head of the Democratic Party seems to thrive on it
— at least he did before Ken Starr got on his case.
Abe Foxman and the ADL seem to thrive on criminal activity too. Five years ago, in April 1993, search warrants were executed on the Los Angeles and San Francisco offices of the ADL, and police seized hundreds of confidential police files which had been stolen by the ADL. Some of these police files were from investigations of anti-apartheid groups in the United States, and the ADL had given copies to the South African government in return for access to confidential South African police files on anti-Israel groups in South Africa. A lot of the people whose names were in those confidential police files the ADL had stolen sued the ADL for invasion of privacy, and that's still working its way through the courts.
But here's the really interesting part of all this: newspapers and other media took the ADL's press release last week as gospel, and they printed big excerpts from it. It's been in newspapers all over the country. You've probably seen some of these stories yourself. With one exception none of these newspapers even bothered to check with me first; they didn't call me up and ask me if the ADL's allegations were true or if I had any comment on them; they just ran sensational stories with headlines like “National Alliance linked to bombings and murders.” And of course, they said nothing about the ADL's criminal activities or its links to the government of Israel. And many of these newspapers aren't even owned or edited by Jews. But they all follow the party line. They know that the ADL is an official Jewish organization, and therefore it cannot be criticized, and nothing it says can be questioned. That would be like questioning the “Holocaust,” heaven forbid!
That's a little frightening, don't you think? So here's one of those complications about the way the Jews wield their power. They don't have to own everything in order to have things go their way. A newspaper editor or a television station owner doesn't have to be Jewish in order to slavishly follow the Jewish party line. The Jews own enough of the media —
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
9
they hold enough of the policy-making positions — so that no one, or almost no one, wants to cross them. When an institution becomes corrupt — and that, unfortunately, is the case with our mass media, just as with our political system — the Jews can count on using their power to make things go their way. They thrive on corruption. The ADL thrives on corruption. The ADL could not exist in an uncorrupted society.
Finally, here's one other little complication in understanding the role of the Jews. I know and you know individual Jews who are not involved in any political or media activity, individual Jews who simply earn a living and go about their business and don't pay much attention to what the ADL is doing. And so I often have people write to me and ask me why I am so hard on the Jews. They remind me that there are lots of evil people in our society, even in the
media, who are not Jews. They remind me that Rupert Murdoch and Ted Turner aren't Jews, that Stalin wasn't a Jew, and that Lenin was only part Jewish. And that's true enough. And that's why we won't be able to dispense with the gallows even when we have no more Jews.
But the people who are focusing on die complications that many of the world's evildoers aren't Jews and that many Jews are not involved in sinister activities — these people are failing to see the forest because of the trees. When I speak about the role of the Jews in the world today or in the past I do simplify the world. I do simplify the facts, because my aim is for people to see the forest, to understand the forest, at least in rough oudine, before they spend too much time studying the individual trees.
And the forest I want people to see, the big picture I want them to understand, even though it is a sim-
plified picture, is this: Without Jews there would have been no Bolshevik Revolution and subsequent selective murder of two generations of the best and brightest of the Russians. Without Jews as an organized community pushing “multiculturalism” and “diversity” and open borders and racial mixing in the United States, White Americans would not now be facing the prospect of becoming a minority in their own country in the near future. It is the Jewish presence as a whole and its effect on our society that we must understand first, before we start trying to understand all of the complicating details.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “A Closer Look at the Enemy,” aired on October 3, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Anti-Defamation League
of B'nai B'rith
Last week I mentioned a recent attack on me by a Jewish organization, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith. I gave this as an example of the way the Jews are able to use the mass media in America to serve their purposes. The specific point I made was that it is not necessary for all of the newspaper owners and editors and all of the local television station owners to be Jews in order for all of them to slavishly follow the Anti-Defamation League's party line. This is a very important point, a point essential for us to understand if we want to have a free society, and I'll elaborate on it now.
I mentioned last week that when the Anti-Defamation League — or ADL for short — handed out press releases on September 24 to newspapers and other media in which they said that the organization I head, the National Alliance, is “the single most dangerous organized hate group in America,” and that we are “linked” to bank robberies, bombings, and murders all over the country, virtually all
The ADL logo
of the media simply printed these wild charges without checking them for accuracy. Of all the hundreds of newspapers which printed the ADL's charges, only one — West Virginia's Charleston Gazette — even bothered to call me first and ask for my comments. Some of the newspapers, in paraphrasing the ADL's press release, even managed to exaggerate the ADL's lies. For example, the Tampa Tribune began its news story on September 25 with the line: “A domestic terrorist group with a following in Tampa poses an ongoing threat of violence, the Anti-Defamation League said in a report issued Thursday.” The ADL's words “most dangerous organized hate group” have been
transformed by the Tampa Tribune into “domestic terrorist group.” That's a significant change. “Hate group” is an ill-defined term which you can apply to any organization with whose policies or doctrines you disagree. Groups opposed to abortion, for example, have been called “hate groups” by feminists and their supporters. “Terrorist group,” on the other hand, really suggests a group which actually engages in terrorist activity, such as bombings, assassinations, and the like.
Then there's the Los Angeles Times, which in its September 25 story based on the ADL's press release stated: “The group's activities [that is the National Alliance's activities] — including violent crimes such as robberies and bombings — have been uncovered in at least 26 states.” I'll repeat that: “the group's activities — including violent crimes such as robberies and bombings.” The Los Angeles Times certainly makes it sound as if I'm the head of an organization which actually commits violent
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
crimes such as robberies and bomb-ings as a matter of course, doesn't it7 That was the Los Angeles Times' interpretation of the ADL's list of “criminal incidents linked to the National Alliance and its propaganda.” What the ADL's list actually suggests is that the perpetrators of various bombings and murders may be “linked” to the National Alliance by having read a book or a pamphlet published by the National Alliance or perhaps by having listened to one of my broadcasts. For example, one of the “incidents” in the ADL's list of “criminal incidents linked to the National Alliance” reads: “December 1995, Fayetteville, North Carolina: Two soldiers stationed at Fort Bragg, who were avowed neo-Nazis and reportedly read National Alliance propaganda, murdered an African-American couple.” As I pointed out last week, neither I nor anyone else in the National Alliance had ever heard of James Bur-meister before he shot a convicted Black drug dealer and the dealer's girlfriend to death in Fayetteville in December 1995. But it certainly is possible that Burmeister listened to an American Dissident Voices broadcast or read some publication of the National Alliance. There are a lot of our publications in circulation. Bur-meister also may have read Reader's Digest or the Bible or Newsweek magazine, for all I know; there's certainly a lot of criminal activity described in those publications. Anyway, the Los Angeles Times’ interpretation of the ADL's claim that the National Alliance is linked through its publications to various criminal acts is that we did it: we committed the criminal acts ourselves. The paper said flady that our activities include “violent crimes such as robberies and bombings.” And nobody from the Los Angeles Times even bothered to check with me first!
So what am I supposed to do: hire a bunch of lawyers and sue all of these newspapers and perhaps the ADL too? Perhaps I will — but I doubt that anyone who has actually been involved in a libel suit would suggest such a course. The civil litigation system in the United States has been designed for the sole purpose of enriching lawyers, and because of that
The purposely misleading booklet on the National Alliance published by the ADL.
the system gives an overwhelming advantage to the litigant who has the most money to spend on lawyers. Perhaps some experienced civil-litigation lawyer who believes this is a worthy cause will contact me and offer his services.
But while I'm waiting for that, let me draw a few conclusions from this nasty business. First, I'll mention that I'm not especially peeved at the ADL about this new report labeling me as the most dangerous man in America. That doesn't mean I won't sue them, but at least I know where they're coming from. The ADL is a professional hate organization. They are hate merchants. That's the way they earn their living: selling hate. Along with a handful of other Jewish organizations the §imon WtesenthaL Center and Morris Dees's Southern Poverty Law Center,1 for example — the ADL makes its money by persuading Jews and wannabee Jews around the country that they are in great danger from people like me — but if everyone will just send them a nice, fat check today, the ADL will protect these Jews and wannabees from me. And so the ADL — and these other hate merchants — put out deliberately scary press releases to drum up donations. If the newspapers exaggerate things a
bit, why so much the better. That's why the press releases tend to be a little deceptive, why they are written in a way calculated to lead to misinterpretation.
The ADL is the oldest and most powerful of these Jewish hate groups in the United States. It was founded in 1913, after a Jewish factory owner in Atlanta, Leo Frank, was convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old White girl, Mary Phagan, who worked in his factory. The killer was sentenced to death by the court, and there was a great deal of publicity about the case at the time. Powerful Jewish organizations came to Frank's defense, and in behind-the-scenes maneuvering they were able to persuade Georgia's governor to commute Frank's death sentence. This blatandy corrupt act by the governor working in cahoots with his rich Jewish supporters so enraged the populace that a vigilante group of citizens took Frank out of jail and hanged him themselves. The Jews, realizing that they had bungled the Frank affair, organized the ADL for the purpose of handling such matters more skillfully in the future. In the past 85 years the ADL has grown to become the most powerful Jewish pressure group and lobbying organization in America.
Recent ADL lobbying projects have been the promotion of gun control laws and of state laws banning military-style training by patriotic groups. The ADL's biggest project for this decade, however, has been so-called “hate crime” legislation. Hate crime laws attempt to punish a person for what he was thinking before or during the commission of an offense against a member or a group of members of an officially favored minority. For example, if you set fire to a synagogue because you don't like Jews, you're liable for a much more severe punishment than you would be if you were hired by the rabbi to set fire to a synagogue so the congregation could collect the insurance. Arson is no longer simply arson. Now there's arson, and there's “hate arson.” And to decide which it is, the government may look into your personal taste in reading material, check into the type of music you listen to, investigate your political and reli-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
gious affiliations, ask your friends about any expressions of Politically Incorrect opinions you may have made — and then present all of this information in court as evidence against you. The whole concept of “hate crime” is Orwellian. It turns traditional American concepts of law and individual freedom on their heads. But because the noisiest group of people pushing for “hate crime” legislation are Jews, no politician dares speak against it. Bill Clinton is the Jews' current point man on Federal “hate crime” legislation.
One category of “hate crime” is “hate speech. In fact, the oudawing of what the ADL people call “hate speech” is their ultimate aim. “Hate speech,” of course, is whatever they find offensive or dangerous to their interests. I find a lot or the films coming out of Hollywood these days offensive, and a lot of television programming, but you can be sure that's not what the ADL has in mind when it campaigns for laws against “hate speech. The ADL is especially concerned about the propagation of what they consider dangerous ideas over the Internet and has been working with software developers to develop censorship programs which can be installed on any computer, so that computer users cannot find any Politically Incorrect material on the Internet.
Lobbying to stamp out the Bill of Rights isn't the ADL's only activity. They're also the largest and most effective private espionage organization in America. They have their spies in every community in America where there are Jews or wannabees. Reports go from their regional offices around the country to massive data banks in New York and in Israel, where the ADL maintains dossiers on hundreds of thousands of Americans. For example, if a state legislator somewhere in America makes a speech which a Jewish listener considers unfriendly to Israel, a report goes into the ADL data bank. If a businessman at a Chamber of Commerce meeting makes a joke which might indicate a less-than-worshipful attitude toward Jews, and a wannabee informs the ADL of the ioke, that businessman will henceforth have a dossier in the ADL's files. Then if that state legislator or that businessman ever runs for Congress, say, the ADL will search its files for his name, find his record, and launch a campaign against him
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
as an “enemy of Israel” or as an “anti-Semite.”
And the ADL has not hesitated to break the law in its spying activity. In April 1993 police obtained search warrants and raided the offices of the ADL in San Francisco and Los Angeles, where they found hundreds of stolen confidential police files. Some of these police files were on anti-apartheid activists in the United States, and the ADL had passed copies on to the South African government in return for South African police files on pro-Palestinian groups in South Africa. This caused a stink even in liberal circles, which ordinarily are pro-ADL. And this business of the ADL's stolen police files is still in the courts in California.
So as I said, I understand where the ADL is coming from. I'm not surprised that they consider my broadcasts dangerous. I'm not surprised that they want to shut me up and are trying to do that with their current smear campaign, claiming that I am “linked” to bombings ana murders. I expect that sort of behavior — I expect lies of that sort — from the ADL What's really disappointing is the enthusiastic collaboration die ADL receives from the politicians and the media. The two newspapers I cited a minute ago, the Tampa Tribune and the Los Angeles Timesf for example, are essentially Gentile newspapers, as far as I have been able to determine. I may be mistaken, but I believe that the editors and publishers of these two newspapers are not Jews. So why do they go out of their way to exaggerate the ADL's lies about me? Why does the Tampa Tribune call the National Alliance a “domestic terrorist group”? Why does the Los Angeles Times say that the activities of the National Alliance include “violent crimes such as robberies and bombings”? Why did neither of these newspapers contact someone in my office and ask about the ADL's claims before printing them? Why didn't any of the newspapers which carried the ADL's attack on me mention the ADL's history of illegal activity?
Let me tell you what I think about that. I believe that in general there are two factors at work here. I'll call them the corruption factor and the lemming factor. Let's look at the corruption factor first. It's the factor which motivates virtually all of the non-Jewish politicians, but also many non-lews in the media. It's the factor which has led Bill Clinton to pack his
11
cabinet with Jews and to promote every Jewish policy they have presented him with. It's the factor which has led New York's Senator Alphonse D'Amato to serve as front man for the Jews' huge extortion effort against the Swiss. These politicians don't work for the Jews because they love Jews. Nobody loves Jews. They do it because they're corrupt, because they're willing to sacrifice the interests of their own people in order to serve the Jews if they believe that they can advance their careers by doing that. And many businessmen are just as corrupt as the politicians. They will do whatever they think is good for their business, whatever will give them the biggest profit. And some businessmen are in the media business. They understand that Jews buy more advertising than any other group. They understand that Jews own a bigger chunk of the media than any other group. They understand which side their bread is buttered on.
And so when the ADL attacks me these media businessmen are ready to fall on me like a pack of starved Dobermans in order to curry favor with the Jews. But you know, the interesting thing about these corrupt people, whether they're in politics or in the media business, as soon as they believe that the balance of power is shifting, they'll jump. They'd as soon tear apart the Jews as they would the enemies of the Jews. That's something to keep in mind as our struggle proceeds.
Now, the lemmings in the media are more interesting than the corrupt businessmen. I've dealt with a lot of media people over the years, and one of the observations I've made is that
tional group in our society — even trendier than people in police work I don't think I've ever met a journalist who had an original idea or who didn't follow the Jewish party line with a truly religious devotion. They all march in ideological lockstep.
I think it wasn't always this way. Back before the Second World War there were a few journalists in America who could think for themselves. H.L. Mencken is one who comes to mind. Nowadays, of course, the partyline journalists shrink in horror and embarrassment from the mention of Mencken's name. Mencken — gasp! — didn't like Jews and occasionally said so.
I can't say that I really understand why journalists today are such lem-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
mings, but I am sure that it's more than the feet that Jews are so powerful in the media: I'm sure that it's more than corruption, as in the case of the politicians and businessmen. I suspect that today's journalists are people who have been more intensely socialized than most of the rest of the population. They are people who have been subjected to stronger group pressures to conform and nave been selected according to how well they adapted to these pressures. Perhaps the journalism departments at our universities don't accept students who don't fit the lemming mold. Anyway, journalists certainly do have a very strong tendency to stick close to the herd and to regard with suspicion and hostility anyone who has strayed very fer from the herd.
Now, this is an oversimplification, but I believe that the reason so many media people fell in love with Bill Clinton as soon as he appeared on the political scene back in 1991 or so is that they saw him as one of their crowd, their herd. “Bill marched with us for the Viet Cong,” they thought. “Bill partied and smoked dope with us. He's one of us.”
And they look at me and they think* “This guy Pierce is from the other side of the tracks. Instead of helping us trash the dean's office, he joined the John Birch Society. He doesn't belong to our crowd, so let's trash him too. Anyway, I believe that there's an element of that sort of thinking in the average journalist's mentality.
Now, the bright side of this picture is that people who think like lemmings and have been conditioned by group pressure to have certain views can very easily be conditioned to have quite aifferent views by the simple application of group pressure in a new direction. You won't be able to change an independent thinker's opinions this way, but if you put
100.000	typical journalists in a labor re-education camp and then select out
1.000	of them with leadership potential, straighten out the thinking of this
1.000	with two-by-fours, then put them in charge of the others, and put all except the 1,000 reoriented commissars on a diet of 300 calories a day, in a year every journalist in the camp will be reoriented: skinny, but sincerely reoriented. You can turn them loose with complete confidence that they'll follow the new party line just as slavishly as they followed the old party line, even after they've regained their former weight. That's the way lemmings are.
There's one other aspect of the ADL's operation which merits scrutiny, ana that is its program of corrupting police departments around the country. At the press conferences they held in their regional offices last month when they promoted me to “most dangerous man” they had a number of local police officials with them. The appearance of these police officials on the platform along with the ADL's Jews tended to give die press conferences a sort of quasi-official or quasi-govemmental atmo-
sphere, and that undoubtedly encouraged the reporters present to accept trie ADL's lies without question.
Some of the police officials were there because they have political ambitions. They're planning on running for the state legislature some day, ana they want the Jews' backing. Others were there because the ADL has assiduously been cultivating its relationships with police agencies for many years. The ADL offers “anti-terrorist seminars to police departments and indoctrinates policemen with its hate propaganda under the guise of teaching them how to recognize and combat “domestic terrorists” — such as William Pierce. The ADL gets away with this despite its own record of criminal activity. The ADL has been able to persuade the cops to overlook its having been caught with stolen police files. That's a little frightening. If we had a government with integrity, the ADL would be dangerous enough. But with a government like we have in the United States today, every decent citizen must regard with horror the subversion of our police agencies by the ADL.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, aired on October 10, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Coining of the New Elites
I really appreciate the letters I've been receiving from listeners. Since we don't have anything like Nielsen ratings to judge how many people are listening to our broadcasts, I judge our popularity by the volume of mail ft that comes in. As long as that volume I continues to grow, I'm happy in the knowledge that the number of people listening to our broadcasts is growing. More than that, I'm happy to know that people are not just listening, but they are responding. Because the consistent theme of all of my programs has been that people must stop being mere spectators and must become participants. They must begin speaking out.
Although most of my mail is very positive, I also receive a few hate letters, but I also appreciate these. They tell me things about the mentality of America's enemies. I'm not talking about the occasional letter from a spiteful Jew, in which he tells me how much he hates me, or from a Black nationalist, in which his message is essentially, “Die, White dog! We people of color will destroy you, and then we will inherit the earth.” The really interesting hate mail is from the self-hating Whites, who tell me that I am evil for speaking up on behalf of my own race. In particular, I received several letters from these sick, pitiful people after my broadcast two weeks ago
on the murders of those two White girls in Fayetteville, North Carolina, by members of a Black gang, the Crips, in an initiation ritual.
You know, I'm not a psychiatrist, although there are times when I wish I were, so that I could better understand people like those who send me these hate letters. I think it's important to understand them because there are many more of our people out there suffering from the same sickness. I mentioned in an earlier broadcast that when Bill Clinton has traveled around the country speaking to groups of students and faculty about his vision of a non-White America in the next century, he has
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
13
Many churches teach that enforced equality and racial mixing are pleasing to God. Pictured here are members of the Deeper Life Christian Church of Florida.
been applauded. Audiences which are mosdy White have cheered Clinton when he boasted that the government's immigration policies are leading to a deliberate darkening of America. Sometimes I have been tempted to explain this reaction as simply another manifestation of the lemming phenomenon — which is to say, most people have no real opinions of their own and will applaud whatever other people are applauding: whatever they think they're expected to applaud. And in fact, I am sure that in most cases that's what it is: simply a mindless reflex by people whose primary concern is to be fashionable.
But some of the letters which I have received in response to my broadcast on the Fayetteville murders indicate something darker and more twisted in the minds of the writers. What I detect is a sort of anguish, a sort of, “Oh, no, you shouldn't tell anybody about that! It's terrible for you to report on things like that!” And they think it's terrible not because two young White women were brutally murdered, but because news of their murders may make some people more hesitant to associate with Blacks, more hesitant to tolerate the growing presence of Black gangs in their communities. It is terrible to them because it is news which doesn't fit the party line that Blacks are always the innocent victims of White oppression and injustice. And it is terrible because it may hinder the great plan to elevate the Blacks and the other downtrodden and oppressed races and make everyone truly equal. And of course, the only way to do that is to get rid of the White majority, because Whites have a tendency to oppress others, and they will oppress others as long as it is physically possible for them to do so.
As I said, I'm not a psychiatrist, and so I don't really know why some people think like that. Probably in some cases it's the consequence of
Christian teaching: the lion will lie down with the lamb, the last will be first and the first will be last, and so on. Sometimes these notions are pumped into the heads of small children, and even when they grow up and have a chance to experience the real world, even when they no longer think of themselves as religious, they are unable to shed these early notions. Even though they can see that equality does not exist in the world, they still believe that it should.
And probably there are others who have even darker and more twisted motives for not wanting the news of the Fayetteville murders to get out. For them personally it is gratifying to learn that Blacks have murdered White girls. They see it as a just punishment for our racial guilt. But, as I said, they don't want such news to get out and alarm other White people and perhaps lead Whites generally to take protective measures which will avert further well deserved punishment.
These are the same type of people who believe that I am a high school dropout, have bad teeth, and live in a trailer park with discarded mattresses and appliances in my front yard. In fact, I hear these comments about bad teeth and trailer parks so often that I suspect that the kids are being taught
such things in high school these days. They're being taught that Politically Incorrect dissidents are low-class people who are chronic! failures and want to keep Blacks down so that we'll have someone to look down on. They believe that when I criticize the role of Jews in our society I do so because I am envious of the Jews' financial success. And while some of the people who make these remarks to me about my bad teeth and my trailer home and my general failure as a human being seem to be pretty uptight — that is, it seems to me that they have some sort of emotional need to believe these things of me — others really are quite smug in their ignorance. I suspect that the smug ones are mosdy just lemmings mindlessly parroting what they've been taught, and the uptight ones are those with some sort of religious motivation for their hatred.
I never argue with these people, because it's clear that they're not susceptible to reason. They believe what they do because they have a need to believe it. I think I could straighten out the thinking of most of them with a piece of two by four or an oak table leg applied smardy about the head and shoulders twice a day for a month or so while keeping them on a diet of a couple of hundred calories a day — you know, the way we straightened out the thinking of the conquered Germans after the Second World War — but not by debating them.
Really, it's only a small minority of the American population that is capable of any sort of independent thinking at all. Most people are so tightly bound by either the need to conform or by religious or quasi-religious hang-ups that they just aren't able to accept any idea or even any fact which is contrary to what they see on television. And that's too bad for them, because only those individuals who are able to accept evidence and to think clearly about it can prepare themselves for the enormous changes
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
which are coming in our society. Only this thinking minority will be survivors; the rest will be victims.
And indeed, great changes are coming. The twentieth century has been the democratic century, the era of egalitarianism, the age of the mass man. The next century — indeed, the next millennium — will be the era of the self-conscious elites. Which is not to say that everyone will be self-conscious or that everyone will belong to an elite. But the people who determine the course of events will. Of course, in a sense that has been the case in this century too. The Jews certainly are a self-conscious elite, and they certainly have had a dominant influence in this century, primarily through their control of the mass media. But they have had to keep their dominance concealed from most people. They have had to rule through deceit and subversion. In the next century the rule of the elites will be much more open. The pretense of democracy and equality will be dropped.
The pretense already has become so transparent that even some of the lemmings are beginning to be disturbed by what is being revealed. America, the greatest champion of democracy, the great powerhouse which has gone about the horribly bloody and destructive business of making the world safe for democracy during most of this century, has a government which currendy is the laughingstock of the world. And this is not solely because of Mr. Clinton's inability to keep his zipper up. Clinton, after all, did not get into the White House despite the system. He got into the White House because of the system. He got in because the system is designed for people like him: for clever liars, for skillful actors. It is designed so that the smoothest liars, the liars who can act most convincingly for the television cameras, are the ones who succeed in it. It is designed to weed out anyone with principles or patriotism and keep such people away from public office. Clinton — or someone else with an equally embarrassing problem — was inevitable.
And as every other politician scrambles now to distance himself
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
An elderly Russian woman stares at fruit she cannot afford.
from Clinton and to persuade the public that everything will be A-OK if the public will just vote for him instead in the next election — as the politicians assure the public that Clinton is simply a terrible mistake, a fluke, who somehow slipped through the system and that the system itself is still in good shape, even some of the slow thinkers in the electorate are becoming a bit disillusioned about the system itself. Even the slow thinkers are beginning to suspect that all of the politicians who now, finally, are claiming to be shocked by Clinton's deceit, by Clinton's bald-faced lies, and are distancing themselves from him, really understood what sort of liar Clinton was all along and only stopped supporting him when it became obvious that there was no chance at all for him to wriggle out of the mess he has gotten himself into — and of course, after they were given the go-ahead last week by Clinton's former number-one Jewish booster, Connecticut Senator Joseph Lieber-man. Even the slow thinkers are beginning to understand that even the politicians who themselves have managed to remain untainted by personal scandal, even the politicians who never have been caught with their drawers down or their hands in the cash drawer, are perfecdy willing to tolerate a Clinton, so long as the voters don't find out what's going on. And the brightest observers of the Clinton spectacle have understood that the system itself will not endure much longer. The most sophisticated observers have understood that a system so seriously flawed — a system
whose flaws have been so glaringly exposed — will be replaced by something different before much more time has passed.
The situation in Russia now presents a striking and persuasive lesson for us in this regard. While the Russian people starve, while Russian workers go unpaid and the shelves of Russian stores remain bare, Jewish billionaires who have sucked the last drop of blood out of Russia scurry to stash their billions in Swiss bank accounts, and at the same time their Jewish brethren in the West tighten the screws on the same Swiss banks in the most arrogant extortion racket the world has ever seen. Even the slow thinkers in the West who are observing these developments must suspect that the system in Russia will not last much longer. They must suspect that it will be replaced by something different very soon.
More sophisticated observers of the Russian situation see a bit more. They see the likelihood that more than 80 years of exploitation of the Russian people by the Jews will come to an end soon. This exploitation endured while it was concealed from the public, first under the pretense of a “dictatorship of the proletariat” and then under the pretense of a democracy. But it was, in fact, exploitation of the Russian people first by Jewish commissars under a Marxist system and then exploitation by Jewish capitalists under a media-controlled democratic system. The facts of this exploitation were obscured by the Jewish media bosses in the West for a long time, but — like Mr. Clinton's lies — the facts have become too obvious to conceal any longer. Boris Abramovich Berezovsky and Vladimir Gusinsky and all the rest of the Jewish billionaires controlling Boris Yeltsin simply have become too obvious, too visible. The fact that they literally stole Russia and that they stole Russia with the connivance of other Jews inside the communist system as that system was being dismanded, simply cannot be concealed any longer.
Berezovsky seems to enjoy the spodight at the moment, and he is publicly throwing his weight around now and announcing his willingness
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
to back certain Russian politicians, while the Russian people themselves are becoming increasingly exasperated by the spectacle of a handful of rich Jewish gangsters deciding how Russia is to be run while the Russians starve. I cannot predict in detail how the Russian situation will develop, of course, but I think it quite likely that we will see an end to Jewish power in Russia before we achieve that goal in the United States, and I also think it likely that the new rulers of Russia, the new self-conscious elite which comes to the fore there as the present crisis plays itself out, actually will be Russians for a change, and they will rule without the pretense of democracy.
And if Russia succeeds in liberating itself from Jewish control, there may be similar developments in the rest of eastern Europe, where just a few years ago communist butchers were permitted to switch hats, declare themselves democrats, and continue ruling. Pressure from Washington played a big role in preventing the people of these other countries from taking vengeance on their former communist bosses. By substantially diminishing the prestige of the U.S. government, inadvertent though that was, Bill Clinton may have done the people of Russia and perhaps also the other countries of eastern Europe a big favor. Vengeance may yet be taken.	This	possibility has	not
escaped	the	attention of the	Jews
themselves, and their publications in this country already are full of yammering	and	whining about	how
they're	being	“scapegoated” again,
poor dears.
Be that as it may, this era of sham and deceit and pretense, this era of democracy and politicians and rule by the Jewish media, is drawing to a close. The politicians don't understand that; they think that we're just seeing another blip on the graph. The couch potatoes certainly don't understand it. Even the “wise guys,” most of the media commentators and the academics and the business tycoons, don't understand that it won't be just business as usual during the next century, with the Jewish media bosses molding public opinion to suit themselves, and the same old political shell game presenting clever liars and skillful actors to the voters to choose
FREE SPEECH for October 1998
from. That racket has been too thoroughly exposed.
It takes more than a mass of credulous couch potatoes and a few clever Jewish media bosses to keep the present system going. It also takes a great many thoughtful and semi-thoughtful people who are willing to let themselves be governed by the system. In the past most of these people had pretty fuzzy notions of what was going on. They accepted die concept of democracy because that was fashionable. It was easier to accept it than to make a real effort to analyze its dynamics. But Bill Clinton, with his Jewish bimbo and his cigar tricks, has given us such a stark illustration of the way the system really works, that it will be very difficult for everyone to go back to swallowing the same old platitudes and cliches again. Of course, the people who believe that all dissidents have bad teeth and live in trailer parks will continue to believe whatever they're told. And the academics and commentators who are slaves to fashion will continue to try their best to be fashionable.
But the number of those who have been permanendy disillusioned has reached a point, I believe, where they will begin to have a growing influence on the course of events. They will have a growing influence on the thinking of those able to think for themselves. And from these people eventually will come a new elite of men who are idealistic and yet hard-headed, of men who will understand that the ground is shifting under the feet of the old elite and that something new and different must emerge from the changes now taking place around the world. And they will understand that now is the time, not later, to begin positioning themselves to be survivors rather than victims.
The second-raters will continue mouthing the old cliches and may even still believe the old baloney about democracy and equality, but the select few — the precursors of the elite of the 21st century — will free their minds from all of the old cobwebs and will see thfe future with much clearer eyes than the second-raters. They will see the Jews for what they are, and they will choose not to serve them or even to tolerate them. They will think thoughts that the second-raters are afraid to think. They will,
15
for the sake of example, be able to compare Bill Clinton and his works, on the one hand, with Timothy McVeigh and the slaughter of 168 innocents in Oklahoma City, on the other hand, and they will understand whose deeds have in reality caused the greater amount of death and destruction; they will understand which of the two is the greater criminal, which of these two opponents has acted from worse motives.
And they will understand many other things. While rejecting the lie of egalitarianism and the pretense of democracy, they will understand that the new elite cannot stand on nothing, that it must stand on a strong base, and that base will be their racial community. Only the bonds of blood, of race, will be strong enough to hold in the chaos which is coming. In the struggle ahead only those who struggle for something beyond their own enrichment or personal power will have lasting success. They must be part of a strong group, and they must struggle for group interests as well as their own. The new age will be an age of nationalism, and only those who speak and act for their people will be able to lead in the coming age. But it will be an age in which the actors, in which the clever liars, will have short shrift, because it will no longer be masses of couch potatoes who will be asked to believe the liars, but instead hardheaded men who will not be so easily deceived and who will not feel the need to wear a mask of pretense themselves. They will rule because they are strong and able and have clear minds and actually work to advance the interests of their people.
Perhaps my way of stating that sounds naive and excessively idealistic in this age of lies and corruption and rule by deceit, but that's really the way it will be. Things really are beginning to change. The age of the Jew is coming to an end. And the clear thinkers will be the first to begin acting on that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Coming of the New Elites,” aired on September 12, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year