Free
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. ■■■■■ —John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • JULY 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. VII
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue)_ for 9	.
Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the Firet Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.



■ 1 %
and Mitchell jfl
Dr, William Berce
hew,Bill,Tupac
ttiil
mm
The Jewish GoldRush
DirIW Pierce

The (genocide iat^innitsaS
3OT WMlilih Pierce

Democracy
Let's talk about democracy: about democracy as a system of government and its implications for our future. Democracy is a system where a country's legislators and its top executives are chosen by a direct vote of the citizenry, more or less; I'm not concerned at the moment with such details as the electoral college. The basic fact is that nearly every citizen over 18 years of age has an equal vote, and the politician with the most votes is elected to office.
We also have a Constitution, of course, and the Constitution is supposed to constrain to a certain extent what these politicians can do after they're elected. Sometimes it does, and sometimes it doesn't. We also have a system of Federal courts which are supposed to make sure that the politicians don't deviate too far from the Constitution. But the judges on these courts are appointed by the poli-
The zeal for democracy resembles the zeal for a religious crusade. However, far more White people have been killed in wars to impose democracy than have been killed in religious wars. Above, the ruins of Dresden are pictured.
ticians they're supposed to keep an eye on.
Very roughly that's the system we've had for the last 210 years or so. During that time America has grown and prospered enormously, and many people believe that it's because of our system of government. They believe that if we had had some other system of government — monarchy, say, or a dictatorship — we wouldn't have become so rich and powerful. Other people like to equate our system of government with freedom. If we didn't have democracy we wouldn't be free, they believe. In fact, the belief in the efficacy of democracy as a guarantor of wealth and freedom has become a religion in the United States. Politicians and preachers alike fear to question it. It is assumed not only to be the best possible system of government, but the only conceivable form of government for decent folk. No one in public life is permitted to
2
doubt that dogma. The United States has gone to war and slaughtered millions of people in order to impose this religion on them. We have bombed our European cultural treasures into ruins and rained fire and high explosives from the sky onto White women and children in order to “make the world safe for democracy,” and we've done all of this with the same sort of self-righteousness and intolerant zeal with which we used to burn heretics 500 years ago — except that we've butchered a lot more White people for the sake of democracy than we ever did for the sake of Jesus or some particular brand of Christianity.
And so questioning democracy is not something that a prudent person does lightly. Nevertheless, many people have begun to have their doubts about democracy these days. Every time Mr. Clinton's smiling mug appears on the TV screen, and people are reminded that it was the democratic process which put him at the head of our government, they are assailed by doubts about democracy. How could this have happened? they think. We always had faith in democracy, but now it has made a laughingstock of our government around the world. And there are other reasons for doubts as well — at least, on the part of the more observant and thoughtful portion of the population.
Take, for example, the media and government hullabaloo about the lynching of a Black ex-convict in Texas by three boozed-up White ex-convicts in June. Lynching, of course, is a nasty business, and one can't tolerate that sort of lawless, undisciplined behavior in a civilized society, even when it's only a Black ex-convict who gets lynched. But watching the 9 Clinton government and the con-I trolled news media carry on about this particular lynching, one could not help but wonder, when was the last time the government or the media made such a fuss about a Black-on-White crime?
I remember something which happened just seven months ago in New Jersey. A pretty, little, ten-year-old White girl, Lauren Relyea, was dragged into a vacant lot near her home in Piscataway, raped repeat-
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
Lauren Relyea
edly, and then beaten and stabbed to death and her body mutilated: a truly horrible crime. The rapist and killer was a 24-year-old Black, and the affair was in the papers in New Jersey and New York for a day. Of course, national television ignored it, and so did Mr. Clinton, because the victim was only a little White girl, not a Black ex-convict.
Another crime which is in the news in Hawaii but nowhere else is the rape and murder of a White tourist in Hawaii by three native Hawai-ians. The tourist was 23-year-old Dana Ireland, a lovely blonde girl, who was vacationing after graduating from college. The three Hawaiians were driving in a rural area near Kapoho, on the eastern edge of the island of Hawaii, when they saw Dana riding a bicycle. They swung their car around and deliberately struck her with it, knocking her off her bicycle and breaking her pelvis. They stuffed the badly injured girl into the trunk of their car, drove around for several hours smoking cocaine, then pulled off the road, dragged the girl out of the trunk, gang-raped her, and sexually tortured her. Finally, they beat her in the head with a tire-iron and left her to slowly bleed to death. An ambulance, called by a White neighbor, but manned by native Hawaiians took nearly an hour to reach her. Police found deep bite marks on her body, as well as numerous other inju-
ries. One of the most shocking aspects of this atrocity is that it happened nearly seven years ago, on Christmas Eve 1991. The Hawaiians who raped and killed Dana were only arrested by the Hawaiian police and charged, after years of procrastination, as a result of the insistence by Dana's parents that something be done. The trials of the Hawaiian killers are still being delayed. Prosecuting native Hawaiians for crimes against Whites is not politically popular in Hawaii. And it's not politically popular in the White House either. In any event, Mr. Clinton has not been on television about the horrible crime against Dana Ireland the way he was about the recent lynching of a black ex-convict in Texas.
You know, I could go on and on about this sort of thing. We all know that nearly all interracial crimes are committed by non-Whites against Whites, but the only interracial crimes our democratically elected government is interested in are the rare White-on-Black crimes. Whites are still a pretty substantial majority in America, but it is clear that the government they elected cares much more about its favored minorities than it does about the White majority. And it is clear that the government seizes on the rare White-on-Black crimes and uses them as excuses for pushing a program of racial mixing and racial brainwashing which is opposed by most Whites.
An even starker example of democracy gone haywire is provided by South Africa. In the June Free Speech, I spoke about the systematic murder of White farm families in South Africa by Black gangs, and I mentioned that the Black South African government is unable or unwilling to cope with the situation. This is a government which the Whites of South Africa voted for, for all practical purposes, when they agreed in 1994 to let the Black majority vote. Prior to that only Whites could vote in South Africa, and they had a government which was able to keep Black crime under control and provide a high degree of security for White South Africans. But the Jewish media, the Christian churches, and
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
3
the racial democrats in the United States howled about how unfair and undemocratic it was not to let the Blacks in South Africa vote. And so finally the White South Africans proved to the world what good demo-crats they are by voting to let the Black majority vote in all future elections. And now they're paying the price. You wouldn't know that by reading the newspapers or watching television in the United States, of course. What we see here is Mr. and Mrs. Clinton talking on television about how much better things have gotten in South Africa since the country became more democratic in 1994.
I'll tell you about another benefit of democracy in South Africa. It's a popular sport among the Blacks of South Africa called “jack rolling.” A Black gang will cordon off a whole block in a suburb of Johannesburg, so that no one can go either in or out, and then they will systematically gang-rape every woman and girl inside the cordon. They do this sort of thing in the Black townships all the time, but now that the situation is much more democratic they've extended their sport to White areas. Since 1994 the rape of White women by Blacks in South Africa has soared from almost nothing to the point where no White woman feels safe. A woman is raped by Blacks in South Africa every 83 seconds on the average — the highest per capita rate in the world — and the proportion of White women among those raped is continuing to increase.
All too typical is what happened in the home of Leon and Gina Erasmus in early June. While they were
Dana Ireland
sitting at dinner, armed Blacks burst into the house. They tied up Leon and made him watch while they gang-raped 18-year-old Gina, who was nine months pregnant. Also watching was Gina's three-year-old niece. One of the Black rapists shouted to his friends, “Look, every time we do this it gets easier. These Whites are too scared to move.” The police in newly democratic South Africa have for all practical purposes given up trying to stop these rapes or catch the rapists. Sometimes Black policemen themselves are rapists.
The really unfortunate thing about what's happening in South Africa is that Whites who voted against turning their country over to Blacks are just as likely to become rape or murder victims as are the trendy, democratic idiots who voted for it. But certainly all Whites in South Africa must have considerably less faith in democracy now than they did four years ago. They must be ask-
Albert Schweitzer	Frank	pauline
ing themselves, just as Americans do when we think about Bill Clinton in the White House: How did this happen to us? We have a democracy.
And America and South Africa are not the only places where White people are feeling that their faith in democracy was misplaced. When the communist system in the Soviet Union disintegrated in 1991, the Russian people were told that henceforth they would have democracy, and things would be much better for them. Well, with democracy things have gotten a great deal worse for the real Russians — although not for everyone living in Russia. There is genuine democracy in Russia today, just like we have in the United States. During the Russian presidential election in 1996 the Jews and Clintonis-tas in the United States, all of them rooting for Boris Yeltsin, really were worried that Yeltsin might not win. But Yeltsin did win, because the controlled media in Russia were backing him heavily, just as the controlled media in this country were backing Mr. Clinton. And, needless to say, the same tribe controls the media in Russia that controls the media in the United States — and in South Africa too, for that matter. One Jew in Russia, Boris Berezovsky, has boasted publicly that he and six other businessmen, all of them Jews, own or control half of the Russian economy. A good bit of their holdings are in the mass media.
After Yeltsin won his democratic election in 1996 he prompdy appointed his principal media backer and financier, Boris Berezovsky, to
Shawn Schweitzer
The three suspects in the Dana Ireland rape, torture, and murder case
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4	FREE	SPEECH	for	July	1998
the post of deputy head of the National Security Council, which sets policy for Russia's police and military. Berezovsky, incidentally, is the biggest of the organized crime bosses in Rus-sia. When Russia made the switch from communism to democracy in 1991, most of what previously had belonged to the government — and that was nearly everything in Russia, including collective farms, factories, and the mass media — was “privatized": that is, it was sold piece by piece to private citizens. The rationale was that this would enable Russian entrepreneurs instead of the Kremlin to run the economy. Actually, very few Russians were involved in this transformation of the economy. Instead Soviet Jews inside the government arranged “sweetheart” deals with Soviet Jews in the private sector, and most of the choice properties ended up in Jewish hands at nominal prices. The Jews didn't race to become private farmers, but they did race to become factory owners, store owners, and television network owners.
Not surprisingly, many of the Jews who got in on this theft of the Russian economy already were involved in organized crime. The result is that today while Boris Yeltsin surveys Russia from an alcoholic haze in the Kremlin, surrounded by his Jewish cabinet ministers and his claque of Jewish media bosses, Russia continues to be plundered under its new democracy by the same people who plundered the counoy for more than 70 years under its old communism. Filthy-rich Jewish crime bosses and Jewish factory owners are driven in their chauffeured limousines to glitzy nightclubs in Moscow, while the Russian people try desperately to make ends meet. And more and more Russians, like Americans and South Africans, are asking themselves, how could this happen to us.7 We have a democracy!
And all that Americans hear about this is that anti-Semitism is on the rise in Russia, as if that phenomenon has nothing to do with the nature and behavior of the Jews in Russia themselves.
So what do these accounts of what is happening in America, South Africa, and Russia tell us about democracy? How is it that the United
Children in South Africa in the days before democracy. Due to their parents’ egalitarian madness, their future is bleak.
States, which became so strong and prosperous under democracy, is now undergoing a process of self-destruction under democracy? How is it that our fellow Whites in South Africa and in Russia are having such catastrophic experiences with democracy?
A complete answer to these questions would take too long, so I'll give you a simplified answer. The two principal reasons that democracy has turned against our people are, first, that the results a people obtains from a democracy depend on the quality of the electorate; and second, that the influence of the mass media on the democratic process has been overwhelming.
That first reason simply tells us that we should expect a democracy to work better when we have a responsible, intelligent, moral, and racially conscious electorate than when we have an electorate of overweight couch potatoes, basketball fans, trendy airheads, and hymn-singing bigots. And certainly, the average quality of White voters in America has declined sharply from the time of the Founding Fathers to the present. Today we have a less manly and a much softer, more impressionable, vulgar, and irresponsible electorate than we had in the 19th century. And I'm talking only about White voters.
And the influence of the mass media on this more feminine and impressionable and irresponsible electorate — an influence which has become overwhelming in this century with the development first of radio and then of motion pictures and television — has made a mockery of the whole concept of democracy as a system of government by the mass of the people, who make their choices on the basis of their own innate values and attitudes. The masters of the mass media can and do manipulate the emotions and the opinions of the public on every issue of importance to themselves. They can and do set the political fashions of the day. They can and do form the image in the mind of the public of every candidate for public office.
Democracy in America today is no longer rule by the mass of the people; that is only the outward appearance of our system today. What we really have is an oligarchy, and the oligarchs are the people who own and control our mass media: the mass media, which by manipulating public opinion and the images of candidates, constrain the flow of public policy within boundaries chosen by their masters. And the really disastrous thing about this oligarchy is that the oligarchs are for the most part not even of our people but are of a people wholly alien to us.
The consequences of rule by this alien oligarchy, which hides behind the pretense of democracy, is that we have amoral and irresponsible political leaders, whose only concern is pleasing the oligarchs and thereby
advancing their own careers. These are leaders like Bill Clinton, Boris Yeltsin, and Frederick de Klerk, the last White president of South Africa, who deliberately betrayed his people into Black rule. They are politicians — really, more actors, more showmen, than statesmen — who are addicted to the feeling of power, to the idea of controlling people and nations, but who have no real concern for the welfare or the destiny of the people they pretend to lead. With democratic politicians of this sort, obedient to the will of the hidden oligarchs of the media, White people have been led
Lew, Bill,
I was surprised to receive a number of letters from irate citizens who were angry and frightened about what Bill Clinton said in a speech to graduating seniors at Portland State University in Oregon on June 13. The Fastest Zipper in the West told his audience — and that included television viewers all over America — that we must not do anything to slow the flow of immigrants from the Third World into the United States. He denounced as “wrongheaded” those White Americans who fear that “the America they know and love is becoming a foreign land.” That is a wrongheaded view of Third World immigration, Clinton said. Instead we must welcome more “diversity.” More “diversity” will be good for us, he said. Anyway, he gloated, there's nothing you can do to stop it. The White majority in America will become a minority within the next 50 years, so get used to it, you wrongheaded bigots. The White America you knew and loved will become non-White. And to try to oppose this transformation of America is “more than wrong. It is un-American.”
That's right Monica Lewinsky's boyfriend, the czar of Whitewater, the mad groper of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the principal American benefactor of the Chinese missile industry, is telling us that we are un-American for not wanting to become a minority in our own land.
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
5
into two horribly destructive and fratricidal world wars in this century: wars which killed millions , of the best people of our race, wars which led to the rise of communism and to its flourishing for more than 70 years, wars which weakened our race to the point that the oligarchs are now in the final stages of consolidating their domination of us in what they gloatingly refer to as their “New World Order.”
You know, if the modern world has become such that real democracy no longer is feasible, if we must be ruled by oligarchs, then let us do
T\ipac, and
Now, I was surprised that a number of people contacted me after Clinton gave this speech at Portland State University, and they were angry and agitated about what he had said. I was surprised at this reaction because I have been telling everyone for the past five years that Clinton is doing everything he can to make the United States a non-White country. And the people who contacted me after trie Portland State University speech acted as if they'd heard this for the first time. I believe many people think that I exaggerate the seriousness of our sit-
whatever we must do to insure, first, that those oligarchs are of our own people and not of an alien race; and second, that they are moral, responsible, and racially conscious men whose primary concern is the destiny of our race. We can have that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Democracy,” aired on June 20, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Mitchell
uation, and so they discount about half of the things I say. I guess that this is because the economy in the United States is still relatively strong, and as long as most people have a full refrigerator and can make the monthly payments on their credit cards, they can't believe that things really are catastrophically bad. They think I'm just being colorful when I say that Bill Clinton is a constitutional psychopath, an indictable criminal, and a piece of filth, and that the fact that he was elected President of the United States twice is justification
Clinton thinks that America will be a better place when the entire country resembles this multiracial school bus stop in Elmhurst, New York.
6
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
for an armed rising by every patriot. They think I'm exaggerating, but I'm not exaggerating at all. If anything, I understate things.
All that's new is that Clinton was feeling his oats when he spoke at Portland State two weeks ago and blurted out his hatred for White America and his intention to destroy us a little more forthrightly than he usually does. It was this openness on Clinton's part which alarmed people. They'd heard me telling them what Clinton was up to, but they only half believed me. When they heard Clinton admit it himself they believed it Well, thank you for that, Mr. Clinton!
One of the things which galled me most about Clinton's speech was his dragging the Irish into it He said that our objections to having more Haitians, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Mexicans in our country is akin to the unwillingness of some of the early English immigrants to America to accept the later Irish immigrants. Baloney! My Irish ancestors may not always have gotten along with my Scottish and English ancestors, either in this country or back in Europe — just as the Scots and the English didn't always get along either — but that has nothing to do with the united opposition of all sane and healthy White Americans to turning their country over to a non-White majority.
I'll tell you something else that Clinton did the same day he gave that speech at Pordand State. He went to the high school in Springfield, Oregon, where one of the recent school killing sprees took place, and he spoke piously to the survivors about how he “felt their pain” and about his determination to bring an end to the epidemic of school violence which has been plaguing the country. He put on a show of real concern for the two students who had been killed and the 22 who had been wounded at Spring-field's Thurston High School. He bemoaned the “culture of violence” which incites young students to kill.
Then, right after his talk to the students, teachers, and parents at Thurston High School — right after his pious moaning about the “culture of violence” which causes school
Lew Wasserman
shootings — Clinton hopped onto Air Force One and flew to Los Angeles, where he was the guest of honor at a lavish party in the mansion of Hollywood record mogul Lew Wasserman. All of the other big Hollywood Jewish media bosses were there too. The purpose of the party was to raise donations for the Democratic Party, and the Clintonistas were expecting close to a million dollars in donations from Wasserman and the other media bosses at the party. Now, remember, Mr. Clinton arrived at this party and gave Mr. Wasserman a big hug just a few hours after his teary speech at Thurston High School, where a 15-year-old student had blown away 24 of his schoolmates.
Lew Wasserman, Mr. Clinton's host, is the chairman emeritus of MCA, the giant record company which is the world's principal promoter and distributor of the musical genre known as “gangsta1 rap.” For those of you who don't already know this, gangsta' rap has lyrics glorifying the life-style of Black gangsters and drug bosses. It glorifies street shootings and other aspects of Black criminality. Its rap lyrics are very graphic about murder and rape, which it promotes as being very “cool” and fashionable. Gangsta' rap has been pushed hard by Wasserman and other big media Jews in an effort to get White kids hooked on Black culture and Black life-styles. It fits right in with Mr. Clinton's efforts to eliminate White racism by getting Whites to accept Blacks and other aspects of “diversity.”
To be more specific, Lew Wasser-man's MCA owns Interscope Records and a number of other record labels. One of Interscope's featured performers, until he was himself killed in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas last year, was the Black gangsta' rapper Tupac Shakur.
Do you remember the school-yard shooting in Jonesboro, Arkansas, in March, when two young gunmen killed four of their schoolmates and a teacher? One of the killers was 13-year-old Mitchell Johnson. Thirteen years old, and he murdered five people in cold blood! How could it happen? everybody was asking.
Well, Mitchell Johnson's English teacher, Debbie Pelley, told the world how she thought it happened, but apparendy not many people were listening, because her answer was politically inconvenient, if not Politically Incorrect. The Jonesboro English teacher had noted that Mitchell Johnson's behavior began changing in the months before the shootings, when he began listening to gangsta' rap. He became addicted to the music, his teacher said, when she told a U.S. Senate committee in Washington about it: “Mitchell brought this music to school with him, listened to it on the bus, tried listening to it in classes. . . . He was far more into this music than anyone else his friends knew.” Young Mitchell Johnson's favorite rapper was Tupac Shakur. The CDs that Mitchell brought to school and listened to on the school bus were sold to him by Lew Wasser-man's company.
Mitchell's teacher told the U.S. Senate that the 13-year-old White boy would sing along to the lyrics as he listened to the Black rapper, lyrics about “coming to school and killing all the kids.” To Debbie Pelley, who saw the transformation of Mitchell Johnson with her own eyes — and who was lucky not to have been shot when the 13-year-old did, in fact, come to school and begin killing all the kids, it's perfecdy clear what made the impressionable boy think it would be “cool” to shoot his schoolmates.
Did Bill Clinton not know what Debbie Pelley knew? Did Bill Clinton not know that she placed the blame for the massacre squarely on the
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Mitchell Johnson
influence that “gangsta' rap” had on Mitchell Johnson? Had Bill Clinton's advisors not told him that the boy's favorite rapper was Tupac Shakur? Was Bill Clinton unaware that Lew Wasserman's company produced and distributed Tupac Shakur's music about “coming to school and killing all the kids”?
I think not. I think he was aware of it, but he figured that the general public wasn't, and so he could get away with going to Lew Wasserman's party and hugging Lew Wasserman and accepting money from Lew Wasserman just a few hours after telling the parents at Thurston High School in Springfield, Oregon, that he “felt their pain” over the shootings there and that he was determined to do everything he could to end the “culture of violence” which led to such shootings. He figured he could get away with it because Lew Wasserman's fellow Jewish media bosses wouldn't call him to account for it. 1 guess he figured right, didn't he?
Now do you understand why I say that I am not exaggerating at all when I refer to Bill Clinton as an unspeakable piece of filth and describe his presence in the White House as clear evidence that we need an armed revolution in America? Do you understand what a dangerous situation our country and our children are in as long as the system that put
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
Bill Clinton in the White House remains in place?
I've said this before, and I'll say it again: The reason we need a revolution in America is not that Bill Clinton is a liar and a hypocrite; that's true of every politician in Washington and has been for a long time. We don't need to be especially concerned that Bill Clinton is a groper and a fondler, and that he solicits oral sex from 21-year-old White House interns and then lies about it and tells others to lie about it. We don't even need to be especially concerned that Bill Clinton is a thief, a swindler, and a solicitor of bribes. We can live with a perjurer in the White House, and a suborner of perjury, and an obstructor of justice. We can survive these things; the country can survive them. We can even survive having in the White House a politician so rotten, so crooked, and so cynical that he can put on a big pretense of sympathizing with the parents of children wounded or slain in a school-yard shooting and denounce the “culture of violence” which led to the shooting, while knowing that in a few hours he will be embracing one of the principal promoters of that “culture of violence” and accepting money from him.
No, Bill Clinton's real crimes, his unforgivable crimes are none of those things. Bill Clinton's real crimes, the crimes that justify a revolution, are the things he confessed to in his speech at Portland State University. Bill Clinton admits to having policies intended to make America less White. He admits to working for a non-White majority in America. He admits to combatting any effort by
7
Whites to protect their culture and race or to keep America from becoming a Third World country. He boasts about these things, and he encourages impressionable young people to accept these things, to cheer him for these things, to join him in promoting these things.
Bill Clinton's real crime is not perjury: it's genocide. The reason he is a disaster for America is not that he takes bribes or that he stole money in his Whitewater escapade; it's that he is stealing our children's future. If Bill Clinton has his way, America will become a non-White country within the next 50 years — that is, during your children's lifetime — racial mixing and miscegenation will continue increasing, and our race eventually will become extinct. That's what Bill Clinton is planning. That's what he's working toward. That's what he's trying to sell to impressionable young Americans. That's what he's trying to make seem fashionable and “cool”: genocide — racial suicide. While his good buddy and financial backer Lew Wasserman promotes school-yard massacres by selling gangsta' rap to children, Bill Clinton promotes the annihilation of our race.
So that's the situation we're facing: genocide, the annihilation of our race. I will explain a little about the background of this situation, about how and why we got into it, in the future, but now let us talk about what we ought to do about it. I said that Bill Clinton's presence in the White House is justification for an armed rising. That does not mean that I want individual patriots to begin shooting at the White House now. No, it's too soon for that. That
Teen ambush suspect in Jonesboro shootings loved rap music, teacher says
KEN HEARD
ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE
Much was made by the media of the fact that the boys arrested in the Jonesboro shootings grew up around guns, but the influence of rap music was only rarely mentioned.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
Tupac Shakur
wouldn't accomplish what we want. It would just play into our enemies' hands by frightening the couch potatoes into accepting even more limitations on their freedom. An armed revolution is morally justified, but it is not yet strategically justified. We still have a big educational job to do first. And we need to do this job at several levels: we need to educate the couch potatoes as well as people with broader horizons, people who care about the future as well as the present
The couch potatoes may not be capable of becoming indignant about Mr. Clinton's plan to make America non-White. That's too big and too distant for them to get their minds around. But even the Joe and Jill Six-packs ought to be able to understand and be angry about his cynicism in weeping publicly about school-yard shootings in the afternoon and then
hugging the principal promoter of school-yard shootings in the evening. School-yard shootings they can understand. Tupac Shakur's lyrics they can understand. The influence of those lyrics on Mitchell Johnson in Jonesboro they can understand just as well as Mitchell Johnson's English teacher could. And Bill Clinton's cozy relationship with Lew Wasserman they can understand. It's all tied together into a very pretty package.
Of course, the controlled media won't tie it together so the couch potatoes can see the whole picture, but I've just done that. You can do the same thing in talking to people you know. You can paint the same picture in letters to the editor of your local newspaper. You can explain it in detail on your favorite radio call-in show. People can understand that. And when they do understand it, many of them will be angry.
As for the people with broader horizons, the bright and perceptive people in our universities, in our professions, among our business leaders — and you know, there are some of these people who still do have a moral sense, a sense of racial responsibility — you should reach out to these people too. Many of them are just as concerned and angry as you are about Bill Clinton's plans for the destruction of our race and culture. What they need is encouragement They need to know that they aren't alone. They need to know that there are many other bright, capable, and idealistic people willing to work together to derail Bill Clinton's nightmare program for a mulatto America. They need to see and hear other people who are not afraid to speak out These people have never been more ready than now to accept your hand if you reach out to them. They understand the urgency of our situation as well as you do. When Bill Clinton goes public with his plans, the way he did at Portland State University, in his effort to recruit the trendier airheads for his program of genocide, he also alerts decent and thoughtful people. He helps them snap out of their fog and understand the reality and the urgency of what we must deal with. That's why I got a lot of agitated letters after Clinton's speech at Portland State.
In the future I'll explain more about what's behind Bill Clinton's nightmare program for the continued darkening of America, but you don't have to wait for that. What you can do now is talk to everyone you know about the things I've just told you. Use every medium available to you. Use the Internet. Use your telephone. Use radio and newspapers. More and more people are ready to respond. So don't be afraid. Speak out. Explain. Recruit.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Lew and Bill and Tupac and Mitchell," aired on June 27, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
9
The Jewish Gold Rush
A subject we've discussed often enough for many of you to be tired of hearing about it is the continuing — make that the escalating — Jewish effort to extort reparations from the rest of the world for claimed injuries done to Jews of past generations by Gentiles of past generations. I would drop the subject, except that every week Jewish leaders make new demands which surpass all previous bounds for greed and arrogance. You wouldn't believe the arrogance and pushiness of these Jews when they smell gold — except that it's all documented, all in your daily newspaper for you to read. Therefore, this Great Jewish Gold Hunt makes a wonderful educational tool for helping others to understand the nature of the Jews, and I cannot resist using it.
You remember, this current gold hunt began early last year, when Jewish leaders came up with the idea of expanding their claim for reparations from the 1930s and 1940s to include countries besides Germany. They already had bled Germany for $60 billion since 1948, most of which went to Israel. That averages out to about $60,000 for every Jewish family of four now in Israel. Getting that money from Germany was relatively easy, because the Allied governments had an occupation army in Germany that was ready to squeeze the Germans whenever the Jews gave the word. All they had to do to keep the Germans from complaining about these massive extortion payments was step up their whining about gas chambers and about the soap and lampshades supposedly manufactured from the corpses of gassed Jews. When they really wanted to shut up the doubters and the questioners, they would have Steven Spielberg crank out a new Hollywood dramatization of the so-called “Holocaust,” which would have the effect of making anyone so “insensitive” as to think of denying the poor, persecuted Jews anything they demanded seem like a real heel to the public.
A few years ago they added a new twist to their racket by implying that it
was not just the Germans who owed them reparations for having run Aunt Sarah and Uncle Abe through a crematorium at Auschwitz:	everybody
owed them for permitting the wicked Germans to “Holocaust” Sarah and Abe. The United States and the other Western countries who fought against Germany during the Second World War could have stopped the “Holocaust” if they really had wanted to, the Jews complained. The Allies could have bombed the rail lines leading to the German concentration camps, but they didn't, the Jews complained. The Allies could have taken in many Jewish refugees fleeing from Germany before the war, but they didn't: they turned the refugee ships back, and the Jews aboard them consequently perished in the “Holocaust,” the Jews complained. “You could haff saved millions of us if you really had vanted to, but you didn't vant to. It vass your anti-Semitism which made you insensitive to our needs back in the 1930s and 1940s. So now you owe us.”
After a good, long whine along this line intended to soften up and “sensitize” the Gentile world, and after a law prohibiting negative comments about identifiable ethnic groups was passed in Switzerland, the
Snide cartoon from a Jewish newspaper criticizing the Swiss
Jews became much more specific in their complaints. They claimed that many Jews who had stashed their money in secret, numbered Swiss bank accounts during the 1930s and early 1940s in anticipation of difficulties with the German authorities, sub-sequendy died during the war, and their money still remained in the secret accounts. The Swiss had not done all they could to try to locate heirs of the depositors. They owed all of that money in dormant accounts to the Jews — plus interest, of course.
The head of the World Jewish Congress, Edgar Bronfman, who also belongs to the family who owns the world's biggest liquor company, Seagram, took charge of the effort to force the Swiss to pay up. Bronfman estimated that the amount owed to the Jews by the Swiss is $7 billion.
Later the Jews expanded their claims to include insurance policies held by Jews who disappeared during the war and also gold used by the Germans to pay the Swiss for various commodities imported by Germany during the war.
The Swiss should have known, claim the Jews, that some of that gold had come from confiscated Jewish assets.
“Giff it back to us,” the Jews now demand.
Of course, every large bank does have some dormant accounts, and in the case of Swiss banks, which always have taken pride in the confidentiality j they offer to their customers, it is understandable that today Izzy and Rebecca may not have been able to j get their hands on or even find the money that they believe Uncle Abe may have stashed in a secret account 60 years ago. The Swiss bankers pointed out that they always have treated their Jewish customers just like everyone else, and that any heirs who establish their claims in the normal manner would receive whatever was in Abe's account. The Jews feigned outrage at this response and accused the Swiss of being “insensitive” for failing to take into account the fact that there were no death certificates or other documents for many of the Jews who disappeared during the war. Of
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July
1998
Edward Fagan, with Gizella Weisshaus, the leading claimant in a class-action lawsuit against Swiss banks.
course, with the widespread destruction that occurred during the war, the same is true for non-Jews.
A few Swiss officials recognized these Jewish claims for the shameless extortion effort that they are and publicly denounced them as such. Most Swiss politicians and bankers, however, were more concerned with not jeopardizing their public image by having the Jews unleash their media weapon, and so they took a conciliatory approach to the Jews. They made a special search of their accounts and then took the unprecedented step of publishing the names of all their depositors whose accounts had been dormant since the Second World War, so that Jews could more easily file claims. It turned out that only a very tiny percentage of these dormant accounts belonged to Jews. Of course, this was largely ignored by the media. And of course the Jews continued to whine about how the Swiss had wronged them. They added to their list of grievances the fact that the Swiss had interned Jews who came across the Swiss border during the war in their effort to avoid being arrested by the Germans. The Swiss
put them into work camps for the duration of the war. One might think that the Jews would be grateful to the Swiss for this, but if you thought that then you don't understand the Jewish mentality. Instead of being grateful to the Swiss for saving them from the Germans the Jews publicly lamented the fact that the Swiss made them work for their room and board. The media only occasionally mention that all able-bodied Swiss citizens were also forced to work during the war.
The Swiss are a bit naive when it comes to dealing with Jews, and so they have continued to try to appease them, even as the Jewish demands have escalated. The Swiss bankers and politicians got together recendy, estimated the most the Jewish assets they might be holding could amount to is in the neighborhood of $150 million, multiplied that figure by four, and then offered to pay the Jews $600 million to setde all of their claims.
Now, if you understand the Jewish mentality, then you don't have to be told how Bronfman and the other Jewish leaders responded to this offer. The Jews simply escalated their demands again. They feigned shock
and outrage that the Swiss offered them only $600 million. Liquor czar and World Jewish Congress boss Edgar Bronfman scoffed at the $600 million offer and said that the Swiss owe his people billions of dollars, not millions. Israeli spokesman Yoram Dori called the Swiss offer “offensive” and said: “If we were not dealing with such a tragic story, this would be laughable.” Bronfman's colleague in the World Jewish Congress, Israel Singer, claimed to be “pained” by the Swiss offer and said that the offer had been made in a “shabby” manner. Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles said of the Swiss offer: “We consider it a lack of seriousness on their part.” He added that the offer “will be unanimously refused.” New York Jewish lawyer Edward Fagan, who is representing more than 30,000 Jews claiming to be heirs to dormant accounts, called the Swiss offer “insulting” and said, “My 31,000 clients will not stand for this. ... A billion dollars is not enough.”
Behind all of this pretended outrage and these claims of feeling insulted by the Swiss offer of $600 million is a lot of very cold-blooded calculation by the Jews. They simply believe that by using their media power and their virtually total control of the Clinton administration, the U.S. Congress, and several state legislatures they can squeeze substantially more than $600 million out of the Swiss. The Jews' number-one step'n'fetchit in the Congress is New York Republican Senator Alphonse D'Amato, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee. He is running for re-election in November and is counting heavily on Jewish support. After the Jews let their displeasure with the latest Swiss offer be known, D'Amato threatened to use the Senate Banking Committee for reprisals against Swiss banks operating in the United States. He said: “If they continue to proceed in this manner, whereby they are ducking their responsibilities, we have no other course in the Congress of the United States than to go forward.”
New Jersey state Assemblyman Joel Weingarten has introduced legislation to bar New Jersey from invest-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
ing state funds in Swiss banks, and similar measures are moving forward in New York City and in the New York state legislature. In California, the Chinese State Treasurer, Matt Fong, also is eager to prove his loyalty to the Jews.
So confident are the Jews that ultimately they can pressure the Swiss into yielding to their demands that World Jewish Congress boss Edgar Bronfman already is talking publicly about other countries on the Jews' hit list. “It's not just the Swiss banks,” he said in a published telephone interview with the New York Jewish newspaper Forward. “We still have problems with the Poles, with the French, the Dutch, the Belgians, the other neutrals.” It's pretty clear that after the Jews have sucked the Swiss dry they will be looking for blood from a long line of other countries they believe haven't done enough for them recendy.
A new line of attack which the Jews are using is that the European countries which claimed neutrality during the Second World War and refused to join the Jewish-American-Soviet crusade against Germany weren't really neutral: they provided aid to the Germans, and so now they owe reparations to the Jews. Switzerland also had business dealings with the Allies, but this is ignored. A Jewish official in the Clinton administration, Stuart Eizenstat, has been especially active in pushing the idea that the neutral countries were guilty of not doing enough for the Jews. He has prepared a report for the U.S. State Department in which he strongly criticizes Sweden, Spain, and other neutral countries. Eizenstat concludes: “It is clear that these countries were committing unneutral acts, even by the standards of the times.”
The arrogance of Eizenstat's complaint is really breathtaking, considering the fact that under Jewish pressure the Roosevelt administration, in 1939, 1940, and 1941, at a time when the United States was officially “neutral,” was committing unneutral acts against Germany which dwarfed into insignificance anything the Swedes and the Spaniards might have been doing to help Germany. Not only was the Roosevelt government supplying
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
first Britain, and later the Soviet Union, with vast supplies of war materiel, but Roosevelt was trying everything he could to provoke the Germans into some action that would give him an excuse to enter the war on the Jewish side. In September 1941, three months before the official entry of the United States into the war, he went so far as to order the U.S. Navy to shoot on sight at any German naval vessel encountered in the Adantic.
Unfortunately, the historical facts of the behavior of all the parties involved in the Second World War are not presented to the American public by the mass media, but just the facts the Jews want the public to know about. The average citizen listens to the complaints of the Jews about the unneutral behavior of Switzerland, Sweden, and Spain and believes that there may be some justification to the Jewish demands for reparations. It never occurs to the average couch potato to ask, “Hey, what about reparations for all of the other peoples who were looted during the war? Why are the Jews the only ones entitled to reparations? And if the Jews are enti-ded to reparations for losses that occurred 60 years ago, why shouldn't
11
the Palestinians be entitled to reparations for what the Jews stole from them much more recently?”
No, unfortunately, it doesn't occur to the average American to ask such questions. He just accepts at face value whatever he reads in his newspaper or sees on his television screen. And as long as his newspaper and his television screen are controlled by the Jews, he's not likely to see anything which would cause him to question the current Jewish demands for gold from the rest of die world.
You might wonder how anyone could possibly be as arrogant as the Jews are in their quest for reparations. I think that the best explanation for that is to be found in the Jews' view of themselves and their relationship to the non-Jewish peoples of the world. This view is best expressed in documents the Jews themselves have written: documents such as their Talmud and their Old Testament. I understand, of course, that most Jews today are entirely secular and do not regard such documents with any special reverence or awe. Nevertheless, they provide wonderful insight into the Jewish mentality.
The Jews portray themselves as the Innocent victims who are continuingly being mistreated by others. Since this worked with Switzerland, other countries are now on their list.
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
More than 3,000 years ago, when the immigrant Jew Joseph managed to become the most powerful bureaucrat in the Egyptian government by claim' ing to be able to interpret dreams for the superstitious pharaoh, according to the Old Testament book of Genesis, he acquired a monopoly control over the Egyptian grain market and doled out grain to the hungry Egyptian people or withheld it, according to his policy — although he invoked the name of the pharaoh in exercising his policy. He then invited his fellow Jews to come into Egypt and to “eat the fat of the land.” Not surprisingly, this policy caused resentment toward the Jews by the Egyptians, and eventually the Egyptians, under a new pharaoh, threw the Jews out.
Now, it's not really important whether or not this account in Genesis is historically accurate. What's important is the Jews' attitude toward this account, and their attitude is that it was right and proper for them to exploit the Egyptians, and that the Egyptians were persecuting them in expelling them. It was the Jews' right to exploit the Egyptians, because whatever the Egyptians had really belonged to the Jews as God's Chosen People.
One sees this attitude of “what's yours is really mine, because I am a member of the Chosen People” expressed over and over again in the Old Testament. In the book of Isaiah it is perhaps most explicit. Isaiah presents to his fellow Jews a vision of the
future in which the Gentiles of the world will deliver all of their wealth to the Jews and will become the servants of the Jews. And anyone who refuses to pay reparations to the Jews will be punished severely: “The nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish.” This is spelled out in detail in the sixtieth and sixty-first chapters of Isaiah.
Observant Jews focus their consciousness of their Jewishness on this assumed obligation of the Gentile world to turn its wealth over to them. They have a custom of attaching a little box to one of their doorposts, with a piece of parchment, called a mezuzah, in the little box. The parchment is inscribed in Hebrew characters with 22 lines from the Old Testament which epitomize to them what it means to be a Jew: that is, with the 22 lines they regard as the most important in all of their religious writings. These 22 lines are from the fifth book of Moses, also known as Deuteronomy. They stress the importance of Jews adhering to the contract they have with their tribal god. The interesting thing is that immediately following these 22 lines in Deuteronomy is spelled out what their god will give to diem as his obligation under the contract. And what is promised to the Jews is essentially all the wealth of the world: specifically, all the wealth now in the hands of non-Jews. “Thy god shall . . . give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not, and houses full of
all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged which thou diggedst not, and vineyards and olive trees which thou plantedst not. . . . Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours.” Remember, religious Jews regard this promise, this contract, as the core of their religion.
As you know, it is not my custom to bring religion into these broadcasts. I certainly don't want to start any religious arguments among my readers. But I do think that a consideration of the nature of Jewish religious belief, as expressed in their religious writings, can shed some useful light on their attitudes today. Whether they are religious Jews or non-religious Jews they all seem to have the attitude that they have some god-given right to exploit the rest of us. If there are Jews who dissent from this policy of collecting reparations from the rest of the world, I would like to hear them speak up. So far they seem to be rather unanimous in their support of the notion that the Swiss owe them billions of dollars — and the Swedes and the Spaniards and, in fact, all the rest of us.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “More on Reparations,” aired on July 4, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Genocide at Vinnitsa
In the May issue of Free Speech, I discussed he mass murder of the leadership stratum of the Polish nation by the Soviet secret police in the Katyn Forest in April 1940. We discussed that genocidal atrocity in the light of the ongoing Jewish campaign to portray Jews as the principal victims of the Second World War. A good deal of interest in that article was expressed by readers, many of whom had not been acquainted previously with the facts of the Katyn atrocity. I will now explore this general subject further. Here is some information
about the fate of the Ukrainian nation at the hands of the Soviet secret police.
In 1943 Germany was at war against the Soviet Union. Twenty-five years earlier, at the end of the First World War, when communist revolutionaries were attempting to take over Germany, Adolf Hitler had sworn to devote bis life to fighting communism. He was only a corporal at the time, recuperating from his war wounds in a military hospital, but 15 years later, in 1933, he became chancellor of Germany, and in 1941 his
army invaded the Soviet Union with the aim of destroying Soviet communism. The German Army pushed far into the Soviet empire and liberated all of Ukraine from the communists.
In May 1943 units of the German Army were stationed in the Ukrainian city of Vinnitsa, a community of 100,000 persons in a primarily agricultural district. Ukrainian officials in Vinnitsa told the Germans that five years earlier the NKVD — the Soviet secret police, very similar to our FBI — had buried the bodies of a number of executed political prison-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
ers in a city park. The Germans investigated, and within a month they had dug up 9,439 corpses from a number of mass graves in the park and a nearby orchard.
Unlike the Poles murdered in the Katyn Forest, all of these bodies found at Vinnitsa were those of civilians, most of them Ukrainian farmers or workers. The bodies of the men all had their hands tied behind their backs, like the Polish officers at Katyn. Although the men's bodies were clothed, the bodies of a number of young women were naked. All of the victims had been shot in the back of the neck with a .22 caliber pistol, the trademark of the NKVD executioners.
The Germans called in an international team of forensic pathologists to examine the bodies and the mass graves. The international team, which included pathologists from Belgium, France, Netherlands, and Sweden, as well as from several countries allied with Germany, examined 95 mass graves and conducted a number of autopsies.
Including the autopsies already performed by Ukrainian medical personnel in Vinnitsa, 1,670 of the corpses were examined in detail. The identities of 679 of them were established either through documents found in their clothes or through recognition by relatives, who flocked to Vinnitsa from the surrounding countryside when they heard that the graves had been uncovered.
The authorities estimated that in addition to the 9,439 bodies exhumed, there were another 3,000 still in unopened mass graves in the same area. The international team concluded that all of the victims had been killed about five years earlier — that is, in 1938. Relatives of the victims who were identified all testified that the victims had been arrested by the NKVD in 1937 and 1938. The relatives had been told that those arrested were “enemies of the people” and would be sent to Siberia for 10 years. None of the relatives had any idea what the reason was for the arrests and testified that those arrested had committed no crimes and were engaged in no political activity. As I said earlier, nearly all of the
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
Lazar Kaganovich
victims were farmers or workers, although there were a few priests and civil servants among them.
By interviewing a large number of people who had some knowledge of what had happened in Vinnitsa and the surrounding region in 1938, the Germans were able to piece together the following picture. In 1937 and 1938 gangs of the NKVD's jack-booted thugs roamed the villages and towns of Ukraine, arresting people in a pattern that seemed almost random to observers. One victim's wife reported that as the NKVD goons dragged her husband away they said only, “Hey, you dog! You've lived too long.” Other observers thought they saw a pattern. A Ukrainian who was renting a part of his house to a Jewish lawyer refused to sell the whole house to the Jew when he offered to buy it at an unreasonably low price. A few weeks later the Ukrainian home-owner was arrested by the NKVD. Another Ukrainian who had threatened to beat up a minor communist functionary who made a crude pass at his sister was arrested shortly thereafter. It seemed that many of the arrests were the setding of personal scores and that anyone who had crossed a Jew was especially likely to be arrested.
13
All of this was nothing new for Ukrainians. They had borne the brunt of the communization of the Soviet Union for nearly two decades. Ukraine was primarily an agricultural nation, a nation of farmers and villagers, and as such was regarded with suspicion by the Jews and the urban rabble who filled the ranks of the Communist Party. The communists championed the urban workers, but they wasted no love on farmers and villagers, who tended to be too independent and self-sufficient for communist tastes.
During the civil war which followed the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917, the Ukrainians wanted to opt out. Ukrainian nationalists wanted no part of the Soviet Union. In 1921 and 1922 the Red Army occupied Vinnitsa, and Ukrainians were butchered wholesale by the Reds in order to kill the Ukrainian nationalist spirit. The craving for Ukrainian independence nevertheless kept flaring up, and further massacres followed, notably in 1928.
Ukraine was the stronghold of the kulaks, the independent farmers and small landowners, always regarded with special hatred by the communist bosses. Stalin gave the job of exterminating the kulaks to his right-hand man in the Kremlin, Lazar Moiseivich Kaganovich, known later as the “Butcher of Ukraine.” Kaganovich, the most powerful Jew in the Soviet Union, supervised the collectivization of Ukrainian farms, beginning in 1929. To break the spirit of the kulaks, Ukraine was subjected to an artificial famine. The NKVD and Red Army troops went from farm to farm, confiscating crops and livestock. The farmers were told that the food was needed for the workers in the cities. None was left for the farmers. And in 1933 and 1934 seven million Ukrainians died of starvation, while Kaganovich watched and gloated from the Kremlin.
Perhaps in 1937 and 1938 the bosses in the Kremlin simply thought that it was time to apply the lash to the Ukrainians again. In any event, the NKVD was given the task this time. The NKVD was even more Jewish than the rest of the Soviet communist apparatus. The commissar of the
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
NKVD until September 1936 had been the Jew Genrikh Yagoda, and he had staffed his instrument of terror and repression with Jews at every level. And those who were not Jews were the worst sort of Russian and Ukrainian rabble, the resentful louts and ne'er-do-wells who saw in communism a way to get even with their betters. In any event, the Ukrainians were fully aware of the preponderance of Jews in the secret police, and they suspected that there was a Jewish angle to the pattern of arrests in 1937 and 1938. And indeed, it did seem as if the Talmudic injunction to “kill the best of the Gentiles” were being followed, for those who were arrested seemed to be the most solid, steadiest, reliable, and irreproachable of the Ukrainians.
Thirty thousand were arrested in the Vinnitsa region alone, and most of these eventually were sent to the NKVD prison in the city of Vinnitsa. This prison had a normal capacity of 2,000 prisoners, but during 1937 and 1938 it was packed most of the time with more than 18,000 prisoners. Throughout much of 1938 a few dozen prisoners were taken from the prison each night and driven to a nearby NKVD motor pool area. There their hands were tied behind their backs and they were led, one at a time, a few hundred feet to a concrete slab in front of a garage. The slab was used for washing vehicles, and it had a drain at one side with an iron grating over it. Just as the prisoners reached the edge of the slab they were shot in the back of the neck, so that when they fell onto the concrete their blood would run into the drain. This was what the NKVD men jokingly called “mokrii rabota” — “wet work” — and they had had plenty of experience at “wet work.” A truck parked next to the slab kept its engine racing so that the noise of the engine would cover the sound of the shots. While the next prisoner was being led up, a couple of NKVD men would throw the corpse of the previous prisoner into the truck. When the night's quota of victims had been murdered the truck would drive off with its load of corpses to the fenced-in park or to the nearby orchard, where new graves already were waiting. And this “wet
Genrikh Yagoda
work” went on night after night, month after month.
So why is this gruesome story important to us now? After all, this massacre of Ukrainians in Vinnitsa took place 60 years ago. I'll tell you why it's still important to us, aside from the fact that these Ukrainians were our people, our kinfolk, part of our race.
First, you might ask yourself why you have never before heard about Vinnitsa, and I'm sure that's the case for about 99 per cent of you. Of course, Alexander Solzhenitsyn wrote about what happened at Vinnitsa, in the third volume of his Gulag Archipelago, but you're not likely to find that in the rack at the checkout counter. And Ukrainians and Germans have written about it, although for the most part their writings have never been published in English, because publishers in this country understand that it would be Politically Incorrect to publish anything about Vinnitsa. Much better that people just forget about it.
Isn't that odd, though, when we continually hear so much about Auschwitz? Isn't it odd that when. Jewish groups are using their political influence to have laws passed in a number of states requiring high school stu-
dents to take courses about the so-called “Holocaust,” what happened at Katyn or at Vinnitsa is never mentioned in high school? The excuse given for requiring students to study the so-called “Holocaust” is that it was the greatest crime in history, and we should know about it so that we won't repeat it. But then why shouldn't we learn about Katyn, Vinnitsa, Dresden, and a thousand other atrocities where our people were the victims, and so the lesson should be even more pertinent for us?
We all know the answers to these questions, but I just want you to think about their significance. To Jews, Auschwitz is important because Jews died there, and Vinnitsa is not important, because only Gentiles were killed there. And the media bosses are, of course, mosdy Jews. They keep rubbing our noses in Auschwitz, because they want us to feel guilty, they want us to feel that we owe the Jews something for letting it happen. The Jewish media bosses never mention Vinnitsa because Jews were the guilty ones there. Besides, they make a lot of money by promoting the “Holocaust.” It's certainly not going to help their profits to divide the attention and the sympathy of the American public between Auschwitz and Vinnitsa. And it's certainly not going to help their effort to extort billions of dollars in “Holocaust” reparations from the Swiss and from everyone else to admit their own guilt at Katyn and Vinnitsa.
If Poles controlled the news and entertainment media in America, we'd hear a great deal more about Katyn, I suspect. If Germans controlled our media we'd hear much more about the terror bombing of Dresden. And if Ukrainians controlled our media, every high school student would know about Vinnitsa. But it's the Jews who control our media, and so all we hear about is Auschwitz: never even a whisper about Vinnitsa. That's important. We ought to be concerned about that. We ought to be concerned whenever any part of our history is suppressed, is hidden from us. We ought to find out why. It might help us to make sure that what happened to us at Vinnitsa never happens to us again.
FREE SPEECH for July 1998
15
I'm sure that you've all heard the maxim that the best defense is a strong offense. Do you remember the persecution all through the 1980s of John Demjanjuk, the retired Cleveland auto worker whom the Jews accused of being “Ivan the Terrible”? John Demjanjuk is a Ukrainian who came to America after the Second World War. In 1978 the Jews made a big hullabaloo about Demjanjuk being a guard in a German prison camp during the war, and the U.S. government obediendy hauled him to court and stripped him of his citizenship. Then he was handed over to the Jews for crucifixion and deported to Israel. The mass media in America were full of sensational stories for 15 years about Ivan the Terrible and how the Ukrainians had helped the Germans persecute the poor, innocent Jews.
This strategy worked for the Jews. The Ukrainians kept their heads down instead of raising the issue of Vinnitsa. Of course, even if they had begun trying to tell Americans about Vinnitsa or about what Kaganovich had done to the Ukrainian kulaks, who would have heard them? Ukrainians don't own the New York Times, die Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, Time magazine, Newsweek magazine, or U.S. News & World Report. The Jews own all of those media. And the Ukrainians don't own Hollywood, so they can't make movie dramas about Vinnitsa either, like Steven Spielberg does about the so-called “Holocaust.”
The Jews have been getting away with presenting a grossly distorted version of history to us, a version in which they are the completely innocent victims, and our people — the Ukrainians and Poles and Germans — are the bad guys who have been persecuting the poor Jews for no reason at all. They've been pumping out this propaganda in concert, consciously and deliberately, without a single major medium under their control deviating from their party line. People try to tell me Jews may control the media, but they don't conspire with each other. Baloney!
And because they've been getting away with giving us a falsified version of history, they've been able to change America's foreign and domestic policies in directions to suit themselves, to our enormous disadvantage. Everything which has happened in the Middle East, for example, since the Second World War is based on this false history.
More than that, everything that has happened in Europe since the murder of 12,000 Ukrainians at Vinnitsa in 1938 has been based on the Jews' power to control what we learn about our history, about what is happening and has happened in the world around us. The U.S. government allied itself with the Soviet government in 1941 for the purpose of destroying Germany. The communists were presented to the American public as the good guys, as worthy allies, and the Germans were presented as the bad guys. And the American public bought that lie because they didn't know about Vinnitsa or about a thousand other atrocities committed against our people by the communists.
When the Germans brought in the international commission to examine the graves in Vinnitsa in 1943, the controlled media kept the news from the American people, just the way they kept the news about the Katyn Forest genocide away from the American people. And because of this, there was no real opposition to turning half of Europe over to the communists at the end of the Second World War. If Katyn and Vinnitsa had been publicized, so that every American voter knew in detail what the NKVD had done at Katyn and at Vinnitsa, the politicians in Washington never would have been able to get away with turning the Poles, Hungarians, Rumanians, Bulgarians, Croats, Serbs, Czechs, Slovaks, Balts, and all of the Germans in the eastern part of Germany over to these communist butchers. The politicians in Washington got away with this not just because they were in the pockets of
the Jews, but because the American people weren't given the truth. And because we weren't given the truth millions more of our people died at the hands of the NKVD after the war, all of eastern Europe was plundered by the communists for 50 years, and there was a Korean War and a Vietnam War — which there wouldn't have been if we hadn't kept the communist empire alive. Because of our own ignorance, because of the lies we'd been told about what happened in Europe, we lost more than 100,000 of our best young men in the Korean and Vietnam wars alone.
So you see, it is important what the public is told. It is important that our people know the truth about our history, even about things which happened 60 years ago. And I intend to do everything I can to give them the truth.
Now, I believe that you can understand why the Jews try so hard to keep me off the air, why they bring pressure against every radio station which carries American Dissident Voices. They are desperate to keep the American people in the dark about Vinnitsa, Katyn, and their other crimes. And I am determined to tear down the curtain of silence and darkness and give truth and light to our people.
There is some urgency about this, because the Jews are continuing to push for laws against what they call “hate speech” — which means any speech which contradicts their lies. They have succeeded in getting such laws passed in other countries. If I tried to make this broadcast in Canada or Britain, for example, the police would arrest me and shut down the station before I could finish. Let's not let that happen in America. *
This article is based on thejAmerican Dissident Voices program “The Genocide at Vinnitsa,” aired on June 13, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
!	Subscribe	to	Free	Speech!	1
Send $40 for a one year (12-issue) subscription	Name:	_
J to the address at the bottom of this page.	Address:........................      ~	*