FREE SPEECH • JANUARY 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. 1
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of
can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio
program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) or
$10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Dr, William Pierce
Time to Wiater the Tree of Liberty I
Dr. William Pierce
Clinton's War
Dr. William Pierce
The Holocaust Shakedown
Imagine that a robber walks into a bank, points a pistol at a teller, hands her a bag, and demands that she put all the money from her cash drawer in it. At first she protests, but then, after he threatens to shoot, she fills the robber's bag with cash. And then imagine that, as the robber walks out of the bank with his bag of loot, the bank guard opens the door for him, smiles at him, offers to hail a cab for him, and tells him to come again soon. After that it's not difficult to imagine that he probably will.
That's about the way it's been with the Jews recendy. Two years ago they put a gun to the head of the Swiss people collectively and demanded billions of dollars in reparations for Swiss bank accounts they claimed had been owned by Jews who disappeared during the Second World War.
The Swiss initially protested that unclaimed Jewish bank accounts from the 1930s and 1940s amounted at most to a few million dollars, not to billions, and besides the war ended
more than 50 years ago and claims should have been filed long ago. The Jews threatened to shoot, figuratively speaking, by having their bought politicians in the United States prevent Swiss banks from doing business in America. Eventually they walked away with $1.25 billion in loot, with the Swiss apologizing for not having coughed it up sooner.
After that sort of success with the Swiss one could hardly expect the Jews to give up extortion and go straight. So anyway, they were back again soon, with demands against the Volkswagen Company for having used Jewish workers during the Second World War and providing them only with room and board but not paying them union-scale wages. One might think that these Jewish workers would be grateful to Volkswagen for keeping them alive
Since pressure worked so well against the Swiss the Jews are now going after Ford, GM, and anyone els< they can think of. This illustration from the Washingtoi Post is designed to frighten, embarrass, and intimidate the two automobile companies.
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
during the war, feeding them, and giving them a roof over their heads, when so many German civilians had only bombed-out ruins to live in. Well, if you thought that, you just don't understand Jews. The Jews told the Volkswagen Company that if it ever wanted to sell any more cars in America, it had better cough up — soon. And the bought politicians and the media bosses in America began rattling their sabres and talking loudly about sanctions of various sorts against Volkswagen. And so, like the Swiss banks, Volkswagen coughed up die money.
Then the feeding frenzy started, just as I told you it would two years ago, when I predicted that after the Jews had cleaned out the Swiss they would go after other victims in a long list. Volkswagen wasn't the only company which had used involuntary labor during the war. The Jews went after Daimler-Benz and BMW and Siemens.
And Switzerland wasn't the only country where Jews could claim that Uncle Abe had stashed some of his loot sixty years ago, before the war. So they sued banks in France and in Britain and began moaning and whining in the media that the banks were being “insensitive” to poor, deserving “Holocaust survivors,” who suddenly had remembered Uncle Abe's millions and needed it — now. And then they remembered the insurance companies in Italy and Switzerland and Britain and elsewhere from whom they could claim that Uncle Abe once had had a life-insurance policy. Then they remembered that the Swedes owed them gold, and the Danes and the Norwegians. Even the Poles, whom the Jews had ruled as Bolshevik commissars for nearly 50 years after the war, owed them, they claimed.
The racket has worked the same in every case: pay us, or we will have our bought Gentile politicians pass laws making it impossible for you to continue doing business, and our people in the media will paint you as monsters who want to hang onto the profit you made when poor Uncle Abe and Aunt Sara were crammed into gas chambers, and then the gullible Gentile lemmings won't buy your products. If you give us any trouble or
resist our demands we'll make an example of you, the way we did with the Swiss banks. Just pay us the few hundred million dollars we're demanding now, and we'll leave you alone. Otherwise, it'll end up costing you a lot more.
And it has worked every time. Not one banker or businessman has stood up to them and flady refused to pay. Not one president or prime minister has said to them, “All right, Jew boys! You try a boycott against my country, and we'll organize a boycott against Israel. We'll round up all the Jews in our country and send them packing.” Not one has called the Jews' bluff. They've all calculated that it is cheaper to pay the gangsters than to fight them, and so they pay. Honor means nothing to these businessmen and politicians. Principles mean nothing to them. All they care about is continuing to make money, continuing to stay in office.
With this sort of attitude predominant among the Gentiles, one can hardly blame the Jews for turning to extortion on a larger scale than ever before. They are successful at it; therefore they continue to do it. And they don't limit themselves to Europe or to those who allegedly cooperated with the Germans in their demand for reparations. A few months ago they filed a claim against Britain for $600 million they claim the British government confiscated from Jews between 1940 and 1942 when the British governed Palestine. Remember, the Jews were waging a guerrilla war against the British prior to 1948, when the British finally gave up and pulled out, letting the Jews slaughter the Palestinians and establish the Jewish state of Israel on Palestinian land. The Jews were kidnapping and murdering British soldiers in Palestine and assassinating diplomats. In 1946 the Jews used a terrorist bomb to blow up the King David Hotel in Jerusalem, which was the British government headquarters. This Jewish forerunner of the Oklahoma City bombing killed a large number of British civilians and military people. And now the Jews are demanding $600 million in reparations from the British!
And of course, the Jews also are expecting payoffs from American companies. Both Ford and General Motors had subsidiaries working in Germany when the Second World
War began. The Ford plant in Germany made military vehicles for the Germans throughout the war, and the General Motors subsidiary, Opel, did the same. And so now the Jews are claiming that both Ford and General Motors owe them a great deal of money because of that. The Jews already have filed a class-action suit against Ford in a Federal court in New Jersey, seeking hundreds of millions of dollars in wages plus interest for Jews who worked in Ford's German plant during the war. And because the businessmen who run Ford and General Motors today are the same sort as those who run the Volkswagen Company, they undoubtedly will pay off the Jews rather than risk having the media portray them as “insensitive” types who profited from the so-called “Holocaust” and now refuse to share their loot with the poor, deserving Jewish “survivors.” Two hundred years ago the American motto was, “Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute.” But in those days Americans were made of sterner stuff — and I assume that our people in Europe were too.
Cash isn't the only thing the Jews are going after. They have decided that a substantial portion of the art treasures of Europe really belonged to Uncle Abe too 60 years ago and ought to be returned to the Jews now. It is true, of course, that during the war the German government had a keen interest in bringing as much Germanic art as possible back under German protection. They bought all the Vermeers and Rembrandts and Holbeins and Diirers and Halses and other Germanic art works as they could from owners in the conquered countries and brought them back to Germany. And when the works the Germans were interested in were in the hands of Jews, they often brought pressure to bear and obtained the works at low prices. The Germans, however, generally weren't interested in modern art — certainly not in Jewish paintings by Chagall or Modigliani, for example — and a great many such modern paintings ended up in the hands of Jewish art dealers. In fact, the Germans often had agreements with Jewish art dealers, swapping the modern paintings they weren't interested in for the Germanic paintings they were interested in. The biggest of these Jewish dealers,
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycai
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
3
Jocelyne Wildenstein’s acrimonious divorce is focusing some attention on the extremely wealthy and secretive Wildenstein family’s art business. It has long been believed that the Jewish family profited from business dealings with Germany during the war, but there has been no loud public outcry from Jewish groups — they prefer to go after non-Jews.
Georges Wildenstein, was in Paris, and he acquired an enormous number of modern paintings during the war. After the war he brought them to New York and later sold hundreds of them to museums and private collectors around the world. The Jews cur-rendy are engaged in a huge treasure hunt for those paintings now in Gentile hands which formerly belonged to Jews. The facts that most of these paintings were acquired by their present owners from Jewish dealers such as the Wildensteins and that many of them were legally purchased from their Jewish owners during the war are glossed over. All of these paintings are characterized by the Jews as “art stolen from victims of the Holocaust by the Nazis,” and they want it all back now.
There's an interesting double standard here. A messy divorce in the Wildenstein family attracted public attention last year to the Jewish family's business dealings in Paris during the war, and another Jewish family claimed that the Wildensteins have artworks that actually should be returned to them, because they were forced to sell them at fire-sale prices during the war. The Wildensteins told them to buzz off: the statute of limitations for such claims expired long ago, the Wildensteins asserted. Of course, no Gentile owner dares make such an assertion. But in fact, there are statutes of limitations for most claims. Dormant bank accounts typically become the property of the government after being unclaimed for 20 years or so, but when the Swiss brought up that legality two years ago, the Jews went into their “persecuted victim” act, feigning outrage that the Swiss should try to let a mere law stand between the Jews and what they were claiming in reparations.
Whenever the Jews, in order to remind the world for the six-millionth time of their “victim” status, have accused some elderly German or Pole or Ukrainian or Lithuanian of having mistreated Jews 55 years ago during the war, there is no question of a statute of limitations. If anyone mentions that legality, Jewish shrieking in all of their media quickly drowns him out. For an injury, real or imaginary, done to a Jew by a Gentile there is no statute of limitations, no matter how
much time has passed. The Jews still celebrate every year in their Purim festival the revenge their ancestors took on the ancient Persians 2,500 years ago through their control of a corrupt king.
Yet when the Polish government asked the government of Israel a few months ago to extradite a Jewish mass murderer, Solomon Morel, so that he
could be tried in Poland for genocide, the Jews refused. “There's a statute of limitations for extradition,” the Israelis told the Poles, “and you're too late.” Morel was the Jew-communist commissar of a concentration camp in Poland after the war, and he had tortured hundreds of Poles and Germans to death. When he saw the possibility of retribution looming,
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
The winning entry in last year’s Purim poster contest for children at a Jewish school.
Morel, like thousands of other Jewish criminals before him, fled to Israel. The horrifying atrocities committed by Solomon Morel have been described in the 1993 book An Eye for an Eye by John Sack.
This same double standard applies to every sort of interaction between Jews and non-Jews. It is a fact that in wars people suffer losses. Usually, within a few years after the wars are over, people try to get on with their lives, and they consider what is past to be past. If other people behaved the way the Jews behave, then every Englishman whose family residence got hit by a bomb during the “blitz” of the Second World War would be clamoring now for the German government to reimburse him for the repairs that his grandparents had to make 55 years ago — plus interest, of course. And if it's all right to go back 55 years for claims, why not go back 135 years and let all of the Americans whose ancestors' homes and farms in Georgia were burned by General Sherman collect damages from the U.S. government now — plus interest, of course? Or why not go back 220 years and
demand that Tony Blair's government pay reparations to all of those Americans whose ancestors suffered property loss from the Redcoats during the First American Revolution I— plus interest, of course? I mean, if the Jews are allowed to keep score, without regard for time, why shouldn't everyone else? Why not set up some sort of World Court for Reparations? I imagine that there are a lot of Palestinians who would like to file claims against the state of Israel.
The fact is that we would have international chaos if everybody behaved the way the Jews do. So this raises two interesting questions: Why do the Jews behave the way they do? And why do we let them get away with it7
Well, I' ve already given an answer of a sort to the | first question:	the Jews
behave the way they do because we let them behave that way; it's just like the case of the bank robber, who will keep coming back until the bank guard stops being nice and shoots the robber. But there's really more to it than that. No one else is even inclined to make the sort of demands on the rest of the world that the Jews do. The Jews really are different. Their religion provides a few clues in this regard. It is a religion which tells them that all the property of the Gentiles really should belong to Jews, that the Jews are entided to it It's as blatant as anywhere in the 60th chapter of the book attributed to their prophet Isaiah, where they are told to keep their gates open all the time, so that all the wealth of the Gentiles can be brought to them. “Thou shalt suck the milk of the Gentiles,” the Jews are told. And if you think that doesn't really mean what it sounds like it means, you should look into the Talmud, where the Jewish sages, the Jewish interpreters of the Bible, explain to the rest of the Jews what it means. The Talmud tells the Jews that only Jews are human beings, that the Gen-
tiles are just animals created by the Jewish tribal god Yahweh to be used by the Jews, like other animals ate used. Because Gentiles are merely animals, they can't really own anything, and it is the duty of the Jews to make sure they don't.
Now all of this Biblical stuff and Talmudic stuff is very old and quaint and might seem irrelevant to a lawsuit against the Ford Motor Company by the Jews today. But this old and quaint stuff is the basis of the Jews' religion today. The religious Jews really believe it. And the non-religious Jews, the atheist Jews, behave as if they believe it. And I think that in a certain sense they do. I think this belief is in their blood. I think that this is what accounts for their almost incredible arrogance in their dealings with non-Jews.
And of course, there's not just belief: there's also calculation. They understand that the success of their current effort to swindle the rest of the world out of every cent they can depends on three factors: it depends on their control of the mass media; it depends on the unprecedented degree of political corruption which exists almost everywhere in the Western world, on the unprecedented degree of democracy; and it depends on the confused and demoralized state of Gentiles everywhere.
There never before has been a time when the Jews have wielded as much open power as they do today. No previous government in the United States has had as many Jews in positions of power as the present Clinton government. And that's pretty much the way it is everywhere in Europe too. The Jews around Clinton are mirrored by high-ranking Jews around Tony Blair in Britain. In Russia, the Jews not only hold most of the key posts around the alcoholic and ailing Boris Yeltsin, they have one of their own as prime minister. And nearly everywhere except in the United States the Jews have succeeded in having laws passed making it illegal for a patriot to tell his countrymen what the Jews are up to. In Britain, in France, and in Germany hundreds of patriots are rotting in prisons today because they dared to speak the truth about the Jews. In Switzerland the
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
5
Jews succeeded in having similar laws passed before they began extorting money from the Swiss. Only in Russia today are any significant number of patriots speaking out against the Jews and daring the government to try to silence them.
And I suppose it seems reasonable to the Jews that when they have so much power they should use it to their advantage. They should go for everything they can get. The opportunity may pass. And they are going for it, everywhere and in every way. It's interesting to note that this display of unbridled greed and arrogance has made even some of their fellow Jews a little nervous. Charles Krauthammer, a Jewish writer for the Washington Post, the second most powerful Jewish newspaper in the United States, wrote a column last month which begins with the words, “The pursuit of billions in Holocaust guilt money has gone from the unseemly to the disgraceful.” Krauthammer refers to the whole racket as a “Holocaust shake-down.” It's not that Krauthammer doesn't think the Jews should have all the money they can get from the Gentiles. It's just that he's appalled by the
reckless display of naked, unprincipled greed as more and more Jewish shysters — that's what Krauthammer calls them — trample each other in their current feeding frenzy. What if the Gentiles notice? What will the Gentiles think?
Now, the unfortunate fact is that no non-Jewish writer for a major newspaper would dare to write what Krauthammer wrote — not even in the United States, where it's still legal to write such things. They're all afraid. For two generations the Jewish media have conditioned them by instandy and loudly accusing anyone who opens his mouth of being a “racist” or a “hater” or an “anti-Semite.” They've been conditioned to run for cover whenever they hear one of those accusations. And that is the answer to our second question, why do we let them get away with it?
Their media control keeps the couch potatoes confused and unaware; the corrupt politicians who have come to characterize our democracy are always ready to front for them and betray the people whose interests they are supposed to be representing; and those among us who are percep-
tive enough and independent-minded enough to understand what is happening are nearly all too cowardly to speak out. So it is easy enough for me to predict that the Jews will keep coming back for more — and more — and more — until they either have it all, as in Russia today, or what Charles Krauthammer is concerned about happens, and the Gentiles notice. But really, the former outcome is much more likely.
For further reading:
John Sack, An Eye for an Eye (Harper-Collins, 1993)
Isaiah, chapter 60
Charles Krauthammer, “Holocaust Shake-down Is Disgraceful,” Washington Post, December 7, 1998
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 26, 1998
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Holocaust Shakedown,” aired on January 2, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Limits of Toleration
There are several interesting things in the news that we could spend half an hour talking about on today's program. There is the story of the bribery of African officials on the International Olympic Committee by businessmen in Salt Lake City in order to have their city chosen as the site of the Winter Olympics in 2002. We might look into the question of why it was specifically the African members who were bribed, why it was generally known in Olympic circles that the African members had their hands out for bribes, but no one in the controlled media would discuss this fact before the scandal broke recendy. And in fact, the controlled media still are very reluctant to tell us which members of the International Olympic Committee were asking for bribes or to show us their faces. But, you know, I've found it difficult to become very excited about the Olympics — or surprised about any hypoc-
risy or crookedness associated with the games — ever since basketball became one of the official Olympic sports.
We could talk about the recent revelations that the United Nations Special Commission's weapons inspection teams in Iraq were, in fact, being used for espionage purposes and were funneling information to Israel and die United States which had nothing to do with the search for weapons of mass destruction and everything to do with the attempt by Clinton and his controllers in Israel to undermine Saddam Hussein's government. When Saddam Hussein complained that the weapons inspectors were engaged in spying before he threw them out of Iraq last year, all of the controlled media laughed at him and dismissed his charges. After weapons inspector Scott Ritter, a former member of the United Nations team in Iraq, admitted
recendy that, yes, his weapons inspection team had been secredy passing information gathered in Iraq to the government of Israel, the plot began coming unraveled. But it looks like all that'll change as a result of this exposure of the corruption of the United Nations by Israel and the United States is that die very oily head of the Special Commission, Richard Buder, will lose his job, and it will go to some other oily crook in the pay of Israel and the United States. But you know, just like the case of bribing die International Olympic Committee, I can't get very excited about any revelation of hypocrisy or crookedness in the United Nations. It's what I have come to expect of that crew.
Unfortunately, it's what I've come to expect of everyone in public office these days. I am especially conscious of that expectation as I watch the U.S. Senate proceeding with the trial of Bill Clinton. What a bunch of ner-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
vous nellies these senators are, all scared half to death by Clinton's popularity polls! Some of them clearly are hoping to grab a few minutes of the spotlight during this historic process and then to capitalize on the exposure in the next election, but they're still afraid to stick their necks out very far, because of those polls. Others are wheeling and dealing behind the scenes, trading their agreement on various details of the conduct of the trial for promises of future advantages: advantages for themselves, that is, not for America — no, certainly not for America, judging from the evident satisfaction in the Clinton camp with the way things are going.
Perhaps that sounds a little cynical, but I believe that it is only realistic these days. Corruption, lying, and hypocrisy are the fundaments of public life in America. The way to the top is not through personal integrity and patriotism and the ability to serve effectively; it is through a candidate's skill in charming voters and in lying without getting caught. And although Bill Clinton's extraordinary recklessness in lying has resulted in his present problems, he cannot be blamed for the general lack of integrity in public life today.
Bill Clinton is only one turd floating in the moral cesspool which our society has become. The fault is ours for bathing in this cesspool, for not minding the stink, for tolerating every sort of corruption so long as we
can still charge whatever we want on our credit cards.
I was a guest on a syndicated radio talk show last week, and I was reminded once again of the extent to which morality in America has been changed, has been subverted, over the past 50 years or so. I was discussing multiculturalism with the host, a man named Mike Gallagher, and I pointed out that multiculturalism inevitably leads to alienation, to the loss of a sense of community responsibility, and eventually to the destruction of the society. The host, of course, resisted coming to this Politically Incorrect conclusion.
Then we began receiving calls from listeners. One of them was a man who gave a prissy, little lecture about how race isn't the problem today — that is, multiculturalism isn't the problem — it's bad behavior by some people in all races. Weed out the bad-behaving people in all races, and then we can all live together as happy consumers in a multicultural society, he said.
Gosh, I've heard that argument a lot from people who are scared to death of being called “racists,” and so they resist thinking about any explanation for the breakdown of our society which involves race. Of course, we always had some bad-behaving people among us even when we had a White society. But at least we had a society, a community, a nation, with a commonly accepted system of values and standards. In the sort of multicultural chaos which the media and the gov-
ernment are promoting today, almost nothing is commonly accepted.
Another caller, a woman, mad-vertendy brought this out. She expressed the opinion that the best way to avoid conflict and violence in our society is for everyone to be “less judgmental.” This is a code phrase for the moral relativists. The essence of moral relativism is that everybody's ideas, everybody's life-style, everybody's sexual orientation, is just as good as everyone else's. There are no absolute standards, no fixed values. Therefore, we should not judge other people whose standards or values at the moment are different from ours. We should not judge Bill Clinton. We should not judge homosexuals. And so on. And this relativistic way of looking at the world applies not only to behavior: it also applies to art, to music, to literature, and to everything else.
This do-your-own-thing ethic has been pushed hard by the controlled media since the 1960s, and it has had a profoundly destructive effect on our society. It's a soft, fuzzy, feminine sort of ethic which is easy to push to absurdity, but logic isn't a strong point for the moral relativists, and they don't let that discourage them. They just drift morally with it and feel quite comfortable. It's an ethic which relieves them and everyone else of responsibility. No guilt, no tension. It's like a drug. And it fits in perfecdy with the push by the media and the
All the Colors of the Earth
SHEILA HAMANAKA
Tolerance of diversity is, perhaps, not promoted as forcefully anywhere else as it is in books for children. Celebrating Families not only celebrates racial diversity but also “celebrates" single motherhood, divorce, homosexual parents, physical and mental disability, and families in which the father is in jail.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
government toward multiculturalism, toward more diversity.
For the non-judgmental crowd the society that exists in Haiti, for example, is not inherendy inferior to our society. The Haitians, to be sure, have a different life-style, a different way of behaving, but that doesn't mean that our way is better, the non-judgmentalists will tell you. Oh, my goodness, no! Therefore, there's no moral or cultural or social reason why we should object to the presence of the growing number of Haitians in the United States — or Jamaicans or Vietnamese or what have you.
You know, the moral relativists are right about one thing. Everything is judged relative to a set of standards. And in the bad, old days before multiculturalism became Politically Correct, the standards by which we judged everything were our standards: which is to say, they were White standards, they were European standards, they were the standards which evolved with our people over thousands of years, standards which developed and changed and adapted themselves to make us a more fit race and allowed us to survive and prosper and to become the masters of the whole world.
But, hey, that's racist, isn't it? I mean, how dare we assume that our values and our standards of behavior are superior to those of the Haitians or the Vietnamese? That's the message the multiculturalists, the diversity-mongers, the egalitarians, the non-judgmentalists, threw at us after the Second World War. It's an easy enough message to refute, of course. Our values and our standards are better — for us. Fifty years ago we didn't care what values and standards the Haitians and Vietnamese had — at least, most of us didn't care. The Christian missionaries and a few others felt that they had to meddle in the affairs of the Haitians and Vietnamese and get them to exchange their values, their politics, their religion, their lifestyle for ours. Which just goes to show that our values and standards aren't perfect; otherwise none of us would have felt the need to try to persuade the Haitians and the Vietnamese to change their ways. We would simply have kept them off our turf,
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
out of our society, and not worried about their behavior or their art or their music or whatever.
But, as I said, that's a racist attitude. And so while the Christian missionaries were meddling with the morals of the Haitians and the Vietnamese, the media bosses in America — which is to say, the Jewish missionaries — were meddling with our morals, using television to persuade us that racism is wrong and that, therefore, it is wrong for us to assume that our traditional, European values and standards are the best values and standards — even for us. They used soap operas and comedy shows to persuade us not to be judgmental, to persuade us that our homogeneous, White society ought to be replaced by a multicultural society, to persuade us that we needed more racial and cultural diversity, to persuade us that everyone's values and ideas and lifestyle and behavior and sexual orientation were as good as everyone else's. And they also persuaded us that our standards in art and literature were no better than anyone else's, and so the trash-art and trash-literature they and their hangers-on were producing were as good as anything we ever had produced. With music they went further and persuaded us that other races' styles in music were better than our own.
And it's not that the Jewish media bosses were trying to do the same thing with us that the Christian missionaries were trying to do with the Vietnamese and the Haitians. The Jews weren't teaching us their values and their standards. They were just teaching us to abandon ours. The aim was to confuse us, to disconnect us from our roots, to leave us morally disarmed. If we protested their program of persuasion, they began wailing about the so-called “Holocaust.” “Oi, veh,” they cried. “See where your European morality led: to die gas ovens; to soap and lampshades made from the corpses of murdered Jews. Aren't you ashamed of yourselves for wanting to keep such a morality?” And you know, many Americans were ashamed. They were ignorant of what had really happened in Europe and why it had happened, and so they didn't know how to respond to
7
the Jewish version of events. The Jews, with their control of the media, had a monopoly on information. And many Americans already were so confused, so disconnected from their own traditions and values, that they let themselves be buffaloed by the Jews. They let themselves be persuaded that it was better to be non-judgmental.
And so here we are, and what a mess it is! The majority of Americans believe that Bill Clinton is an OK guy. They believe that everybody's culture is as good as everyone else's, and that a multicultural society “enriches” our lives by exposing us to Haitian and Vietnamese values and life-styles. They think that the Blade Runner environment which is developing in many of our larger cities is normal and healthy. They believe that there's nothing really wrong with homosexuality. And they're not bothered by the political corruption all around them: that's just lawyers and politicians and businessmen “doing their thing.”
So I guess that what I'm about to say will sound very old-fashioned to many people, but I'll say it anyway. The values and standards that we had back before the Second World War, our White values and standards, our European values and standards, were infinitely better for us than the absence of any common set of values today, infinitely better than today's do-your-own-thing ethic. There were many flaws and weaknesses in our old set of standards for judging things and in our old way of behaving; I've already mentioned the activities of the missionaries, our regrettable proclivity for trying to change other people's values to suit ours rather than simply keeping our distance from people who are fundamentally different. And there were many other flaws as well. We were far too tolerant of people in our midst whose values were wholly alien to ours, and I'm thinking especially of the people who were busy taking over all of our media of mass communications, all of our news and entertainment media. But the so-called “Holocaust,” the effort on the part of some of our people in Europe to protect themselves from the Jews, was not the result of any flaw in our system; rather, it was the consequence
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
of a basically healthy tendency in our system.
The real weakness of our value system is that it was not able to cope well with alien influences. It was too fragile, too susceptible to damage. What we needed was another thou-sand years or so by ourselves, without outside influence, to strengthen and fine-tune our system, to adapt it more nearly perfectly to our own nature and to our environment. The prob-lem is that with our technology we changed our environment too quickly for our values and standards to adapt themselves in a healthy way. We made the world in which we lived shrink too rapidly. When our ances-tors all lived in Europe, essentially by themselves, holding an eastern fron-tier against the Mongols and the Turks and keeping the Jews confined to ghettos, our values could cope.
When we developed new modes of travel and navigation and began exploring and conquering the non-"White world, we left ourselves open to all sorts of problems, because we hadn't had to deal with so many alien influences before. And then we let the Jews out of their ghettos, which was a big mistake.
And so, once again, here we are, everyone doing his own thing and being non-judgmental. You know, the reason we used to have a common set of values, the reason we used to be judgmental, is that these things were necessary for our survival. Every time in our daily lives that a decision had to be made, we didn't have to spend all day thinking about it; we didn't have to keep reinventing the wheel over and over. We made judgments based on our common set of values and standards. These values and standards were developed through trial and error over thousands of years. They didn't work all the time — they
weren't perfect — but they worked a lot more often than not. They gave us an enormous advantage over any group of people without common values or with values not so well suited to the environment, to the living conditions. They made it possible for us to survive.
If you think that we're surviving just fine now without values — or with the utterly unnatural Politically Correct values which have replaced our natural values — then you're suffering from very serious nearsightedness. You're focusing too much on your current credit card spending limit and failing to see many other things of much greater importance. While our values were giving way to Political Correctness and we were learning not to be judgmental, our people — White people — in the United States declined from more than 90 per cent of the population to just over 70 per cent today. And as Mr. Clinton is so fond of telling us, we'll become a minority within the next few decades. That is, we will if we remain non-judgmental and continue sitting on our hands.
And if you're one of those non-judgmental types who is not worried by that prospect because, really, the civilization the Haitians and Vietnamese will give us after they've finished wrecking ours will be just as good as ours ever was, then you're obviously a person who thinks Clinton is an OK guy, and you're tuned to the wrong station. I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking only to the people who are so Politically Incorrect that they still think that we ought to do everything we can to preserve our civilization, our values and standards, because they're better for us than anyone else's possibly could be. More than that I'm talking to the people who want us to survive as a people, as
a race, because they understand that our civilization is superior for us because we built it; our ancestors built it, not someone else's ancestors. And I want to tell all of you Politically Incorrect listeners, all of you judgmental listeners, that we need to bring our judgmentalism out of the closet again. We need to stand up for the values and standards that served us in the past.
We understand that our system wasn't perfect. We understand that we need to improve it. We need to get rid of the weaknesses that allowed the promoters of Political Correctness to confuse us and morally disarm us. We need to understand that back in the 1960s, when the enemies of our civilization turned our moral world upside down and produced monsters like Bill Clinton, our toleration for these people was a mistake.
Toleration — in moderation -may be a virtue when we have our own civilization and our own world, because it permits our values to evolve and adapt to changes in our environment. It permits us to fine-tune our system. And it allows us to have both individual freedom and a society able to protect itself from its own sociopaths as well as its external enemies. But there must be no toleration for the things we permitted to happen in the 1960s. There must be no toleration for the likes of Bill Clinton. There must be no toleration for multi-culturalism or its proponents.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Limits of Toleration,” aired on January 16, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
Mail
ame‘  ----------——------------------------    National	Vanguard	Books
Address:  - --------- —.-----------------	P.O.Box 330
I	Hillsboro,	WV	24946
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech. Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
9
Time to Water the Tree of Liberty
Today we'll talk about a subject we've spoken about often in the past, and that is freedom, especially its prospects for the future. Unfortunately those prospects are quite dim at the moment. I'm afraid that most people wouldn't agree with me on that, and I think that's because most people equate freedom with comfort, with having plenty of money to spend. As long as they can go to the mall and charge whatever they want on their credit card, as long as they can watch whatever ball game they want on TV, they believe they're free. More than that, if their TV tells them they're free, they believe it.
Not everyone, of course. But for most people what is real is what they see on TV. If they don't see it on TV, then it doesn't exist — or at least, it certainly isn't important. If it were anything to be concerned about, then certainly Tom Brokaw or Dan Rather or Peter Jennings would tell them all about it, with the proper expression of concern on his face and a serious tone of voice, so that everyone would know it was important.
Take the people of Canada, for example. They really are not very different from the people of the United States — except perhaps just a shade more authoritarian in personality on the average. When our ancestors down here told King George III to go to hell, that we weren't going to pay his taxes any longer, the ancestors of the Canadians kept their mouths shut and continued paying their taxes. As a result they never really had the sort of iron-bound guarantees of freedom of speech and freedom of the press that people in the United States have had. But they always assumed that they had those freedoms anyway. If you ask the average Canadian today whether or not he is free to say what he wants and read what he wants, he'll tell you, “Of course!” And he'll believe it
As a matter of fact, Canadians do not have those freedoms. Canadian publishers may not publish any book deemed Politically Incorrect by Canada's Jewish minority, and no Cana-
ilNmment (Ssttvernement du Canada
Most Canadians think they are free, but they are not.
dian bookstore may display or sell such a book. When the Canadian police find such books, they seize them and burn them.
Did you ever see the film Fahrenheit 451 or read the 1951 novel by science-fiction writer Ray Bradbury on which the film is based? In 1951 our freedom was in much less immediate jeopardy than it is now, but Bradbury saw the ominous trends even then, and he wrote about a future in which books were illegal because many of them contained facts and ideas which upset people, facts and ideas which caused people to worry and to think, facts and ideas which made people uncomfortable. So the government oudawed all books, and people received all of their information and entertainment through television, and then no one was uncomfortable. Squads of thought police sped around the cities on trucks which looked a lot like fire engines, looking for concealed books. Whenever they found any, the books were doused with kerosene and burned on the spot, and the owners of the books were arrested.
Now, the Canadian thought police are not as obvious about their mission as Ray Bradbury's thought police in Fahrenheit 451 were, but their mission is, in fact, exactly the same. I'll tell you about a recent run-
in I had with the Canadian thought police. The sponsor of this broadcast, National Vanguard Books, is in the business of publishing and selling books, among other things. We sell books to people all over the world, including people in Canada. But whenever a Canadian orders a book from us we have to sneak it into Canada, so the thought police won't grab it at the border. Sometimes we are successful, and sometimes we aren't.
A couple of years ago the problem wasn't so bad, and the thought police mosdy seized copies of my novels: novels which make some people uncomfortable. But children's books and history books and scientific books usually got through. But their list of banned books — books the Jewish minority in Canada don't want the Canadian people to read — has been growing. Now the thought police will seize almost any book which has anything in it that might be considered Politically Incorrect. In September we sent a package of books to a customer in British Columbia. The thought police in Vancouver opened the package and seized two items, which, according to the Jewish list of illegal books they go by, are classified as “hate propaganda.” The two items seized were a copy of a magazine published by National Vanguard Books called Free Speech — a magazine dedicated to the preservation of that precious commodity; and a scientific book tided Heredity and Humanity by Roger Pearson.
Dr. Pearson is a well-known anthropologist who has taught at several American universities. He was die chairman of the anthropology and sociology department at Queens College and then chairman of the anthropology department at the University of Southern Mississippi. He currendy edits several scientific journals. He is the author of a well-known anthropology textbook. But anthropology is one of those fields of study which has been subjected to the scrutiny of the enforcers of Political Correctness. Like history, anthropology deals with various types of people, their characteris-
10
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
tics, and their relationships, and these days in order for a history book or an anthropology book to be deemed Politically Correct the author must be very careful what he writes. He must be very careful never to suggest that all types of people are not equal in every way. Dr. Pearson wasn't suffi-ciendy careful. He was more interested in the truth, more interested in accuracy and factuality, when he wrote Heredity and Humanity than in being Politically Correct. And so the Jews have put his book on their Index Librorum Prohibitorum, along with our journal Free Speech and thousands of other books which they believe might make some people uncomfortable or make them think. When the secret police in Canada find such a book, they seize it and bum it. Usually they're very secretive about this sort of thing, in contrast to the book-burners in Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451, but in the case of our customer in British Columbia we were able to obtain the police documents listing the seized items and classifying them as “hate propaganda.”
You know, when the Jews in Canada got their book-burning legislation enacted, they did it under the pretense that it was to protect children from pornography. They got a whole regiment of publicity-hungry Christian preachers to beat the drums for this legislation under the pretense that it would keep sexual material out of the hands of children. So the report form the thought police use in listing and classifying the books they seize has nine separate classifications for the police to check, nine litde boxes to check at the bottom of the form, indicating the type of book. Those classifications are: sex with violence, sex with degradation, sexual assault, sex with bondage, sex with juveniles, incest, bestiality, necrophilia, and — the last category — hate propaganda. But, you know, it's only
&
HEREDITY AND HUMANITY: RACE, SUCKNICJS AND MODERN SCIENCE
ROGER PEARSON
This is the sort of book the censors in Canada really don’t want you to read. Prohibiting harmful sexual material was just a smokescreen and a ploy.
that last litde box that really counts. That's what this Canadian legislation was all about. It wasn't to keep books on necrophilia out of the country. The Jews don't care whether or not you read books on necrophilia or bestiality. The entire purpose of the law they got their ever-obedient Christian servants to push through the Canadian parliament for them was to allow the thought police to classify Politically Incorrect scientific books by anthropology professors as “hate propaganda” and keep them out of the hands of Canadians who might be made to think if they read the books.
This is by no means the first time our books have been seized by the Canadian thought police, and National Vanguard Books is by no means the only publisher whose books have been seized. These book burnings take place every day in Canada. It's just that this time we were able to get our hands on the thought police's documents, where they actually claim that Professor Pearson's anthropology book Heredity and Humanity and our journal Free Speech are “hate propaganda.” Truly the situation in Canada today is much worse
than it was in Europe in the Middle Ages, when the Church maintained its Index of prohibited books. The books the priests and bishops burned were virtually all books dealing with religion in some way, books they felt threatened their monopoly on that subject. The books the Jews burn today are almost any books which might cause some of the couch potatoes to think — and then, perhaps, to rebel. And of course, the Church didn't try to make a secret of its book burning.
As I mentioned earlier, most Canadians have no idea that this book burning is going on in their country. They are too busy with their ball games and funny papers. But even if it were explained to them in detail — even if the Canadian thought police roared around in fire engines looking for Politically Incorrect books to burn in public the way they did in Fahrenheit 451 — would the sports fans and mall shoppers of Canada really care? No more, I suspect, than the contented and comfortable television viewers in Ray Bradbury's 1951 vision of the future, a future in which book-burning was a respectable profession. By the way, if you have any doubt that what I have told you is actually happening in Canada today, send me a stamped, self-addressed envelope, and I'll send you a photocopy of the Canadian thought police document I obtained after their latest seizure of our books. If you're a Canadian, you may want to show this document to any friends you may have who're interested in such things as freedom. Who knows? Maybe I'm wrong in assuming that Canadians are all sheep. Perhaps there are a few Canadians still willing to water the tree of liberty with the blood of tyrants.
And what about die slightly more rebellious population of the United
Classification - (Memorandum D9-1-1 or D9-1 -15)- (Memorandum D9-1-1 ouD9-1-15)
□ g. Sex with violence §1 Violence sexuefle
□ . Sex with bondage / external control	I	I , Bestiality
Asservissemenl sexuel / contrOle extdrieur	I___Iy Bestiality
□ Depiction	and /	or
Ddpeindre	et /	ou
□ b. Sex with degradation	I	I	e\ Sex with Juveniles
1 DtcMance sexuefle	I____I	Sexe avec juveniles
□ h) Necrophilia Necrophilia
0C. Sexual assault 1 Assaut sexuel
□ n Incest 1 inceste
Hate Propaganda, treason or sedition Propaganda haineuse, trahison ou sedition
[Xv]Description UohDecrire
The checkboxes the Canadian government can choose from when seizing prohibited materials.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/ycar
States? Would they care? The Jews in the United States are proceeding on the assumption that they will not — that is, that a majority of the voters will not, even if a few dissidents kick up a fuss. Certainly, the voters who make up the Clinton coalition — the Democrats who elected Bill Clinton twice and who still think he shouldn't be impeached — couldn't care less about preserving freedom of speech. Some of them, in fact, are positively hostile to free speech and are collaborating actively with the Jews in an effort to stamp it out.
Feminists, for example, are prominent in the Jews' campaign for “hate speech” legislation in the United States. Part of their zeal may be the touchy-feely feminine notion that people in general ought to be protected from “offensive” speech, which is any speech which hurts their feelings. A more important reason, however, is that feminists, like homosexuals and members of other government-favored groups in the population, want to hang on to the special status which 35 years of so-called “civil rights” legislation has given them, and they are afraid that any criticism might endanger that status. They understand that their present favored position in society is entirely artificial, entirely dependent on government support and government enforcement, and they are afraid that if dissenters are allowed to speak and influence public opinion, the government might be persuaded to stop enforcing feminist demands for special privileges. Blacks and welfare recipients are not as alert to these issues as the feminists and homosexuals are, but most of them have at least a dim understanding that they do have a community of interests tied to government support and government enforcement, and they would agree that free speech poses a threat to those interests.
And, alas, among the non-Jewish, non-feminist, non-homosexual, non-minority part of the population there are far too few Patrick Henrys these days. Two generations of watching Jewish television not only has softened the spines and the minds of heterosexual White males but, in fact, has convinced a substantial portion of them that it is more important for people to be comfortable than to be free. Many Americans have a vague
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
notion that there's some sort of Constitutional right to feel good, to not be offended, and that when this Constitutional right to not be offended conflicts with the right to free speech and a free press, then some sort of compromise ought to be made. Really! That's what a lot of White American males believe!
They believe that, because that's what television has been teaching them subliminally for two generations. And added to that during the past five or six years, since domestic terrorism has gained more relevance, is the notion that free speech is really a little dangerous: everyone will be safer if we accept some limitations on free speech. That unspeakable piece of filth we have in the White House has explicitly encouraged that notion. After the Oklahoma City bombing Bill Clinton was on television telling everyone that people who criticize the government are to blame for such acts of terrorism. And a lot of White males who these days think and act like old maids took his warnings to heart.
So with the American population thus softened up, thus prepared to give up their freedom, the Jews are pushing their Fahrenheit 451 program forward. All of the big Jewish organizations are involved. The Simon Wie-senthal Center and the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith have been most noticeable in their campaign to censor the Internet, for example. The Jews of the Anti-Defamation League have just gotten a big pat on the back from the media Jews for developing what they call a “hate” filter for computers. Parents, they say, can install the filter program on their children's computers so the kiddies can't read “harmful” or “offensive” material on the Internet. And down here, just as in Canada, the Jews have
11
a rabble of braindead Christians running interference for them, under the delusion that they are helping to protect children from exposure to sex.
Of course, parents are entitled to censor their own children's use of the Internet as much as they want. But with the Jews that's just a toe in the door. They also are peddling their filter to public libraries and to school officials, so that they can censor the Internet reading of all library users and school students. And the Anti-Defamation League is persuading some big software manufacturers to bundle its new “hate” filter with other software that is pre-installed on computers before the customers buy them. Of course, it's easy enough to deactivate such censorship software — unless you're one of those millions of technically illiterate Americans who has never been able to figure out how to program your VCR.
Of course, the Jews, including the Anti-Defamation League, protest loudly that they're all in favor of freedom. They don't want to stop anybody from reading anything he wants. They're 100 per cent in favor of the First Amendment, they'll tell you. They're horrified by the very idea of burning books. They just want to protect children. But it's not true. This sudden and uncharacteristic interest of the Jews in protecting children from pornography is phony. What the Jews want for the United States is exactly what they already have imposed on Canada, on Britain, on France, on Germany, and on a dozen other White nations. That's why they have their number-one step'n'fetchit, Bill Clinton, making speeches about the need for “hate speech” legislation.
Now, to be sure, the Jews have other allies in their censorship plans besides corrupt politicians like Bill Clinton and the feminist-homosexual-
You can choose to view only what the Jews of the ADL want you to view, but they would love to make their censorship mandatory.
12
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
minority special privilege groups and the couch potatoes who always are ready to trade freedom for the promise of more ‘comfort or more security. There are White gentiles who have been sold on the idea that multicul-turalism is here to stay. Some of them who are in business actually have a vested interest in multiculturalism and growing diversity in the population. They are happy with these trends because they profit from them. Others may have no vested interest in multiculturalism, but they are too soft-minded to think about the hard decision which will be required to reverse these trends. And they realize that a multicultural society is a fragile and unnatural thing, like a house of cards. Any breeze of dissent can cause it to collapse. And so they believe that it is necessary to protect it from dissent, from any speech which may offend any component of the multicultural society and result in destabilization. Perhaps they are not by nature enthusiastic enemies of freedom, but they nevertheless are willing to sacrifice freedom in order to avoid the bloody disintegration of this malignandy multicultural monstrosity of a society which is supplanting the White society we had in America prior to the Second World War.
You know, there are interesting and occasionally even amusing developments in the Jews' program to take away our freedom. Some of their feminist and homosexual allies, whose
motivation is to protect their privileged status from criticism, have targeted Christian groups for censorship, because of the Christian opposition to abortion and homosexuality. Some of these Christian groups are perfecdy willing to censor other people and, in fact, already have let themselves be used as dupes in the Jews' phony drive to protect children from pornography on the Internet, but they are not happy about being censored themselves. A current instance of this infighting involves The Learning Company, a large manufacturer of computer software, on one side, and on the other side the American Family Association, a Christian group which emphasizes so-called “family values” and disapproves of homosexual behavior.
The Learning Company has a program called CyberPatrol, which it developed at the behest of and in collaboration with the Anti-Defamation League. Installed on a school or library computer, it prevents students or library users from accessing any Internet site which the Jews of the Anti-Defamation League consider Politically Incorrect. Of course, the Jews have blocked both of the Internet sites at which you can access this American Dissident Voices program or see the books distributed by the sponsor of this program, such as those seized and burned by the Canadian thought police. But in order to keep their feminist and homosexual allies
happy they also have blocked Internet access to die American Family Association. Many Christians are unhappy about this Jewish censorship of the American Family Association and are currendy organizing a boycott of all software, children's books, and other materials published by The Learning Company but are being very careful not to mention the word “Jew” in their boycott efforts.
I believe that a boycott of The Learning Company — and every other company which collaborates in any way with the Anti-Defamation League or other Jewish enemies of free speech is a worthy endeavor, but it's nowhere near enough. To protect our freedom, to keep the United States from following the same path that Canada is on, we need to water the tree of liberty with a great deal of blood. The time for that watering is close at hand.
For Additional Reading Ra^ Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451 (Ballantine,
Roger Pearson, Heredity and Humanity (Scott-Townsend Publishers, 1996)—see National Vanguard Books catalog
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Time to Water the Tree of Liberty,” aired on December 19, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Clinton's War
Today let's talk about Bill Clinton's new role as war hero and commander in chief. You know, when I told you a little over two weeks before Clinton launched his new war against Iraq that war was imminent — that I was sure he had made a deal with the Jews to use any pretext at all for starting a war, in return for Jew lawyer Sam Dash's effort to sabotage Ken Starr and derail the impeachment process — I couldn't imagine that Clinton would choose such disastrous timing for his attack. I knew the man had catastrophically poor judgment — I mean, he's the jerk who when he was governor of Arkansas used to send out Arkansas state troopers to scout
up women and bring them to his hotel room, who used to let his brother Roger deal cocaine out of the office next to his in the governor's mansion in Little Rock, and who after he became President used to unzip for action right in the Oval Office — but even I am surprised by the recklessness and foolishness of his timing in attacking Iraq.
Five weeks ago, when Sam Dash sandbagged Ken Starr, the pollsters and vote-counters were all predicting that even if the House Judiciary Committee voted for impeachment, it would never pass the full House. Clinton might have attacked Iraq then and gotten away with it. But he
thought maybe he would wait until he could manufacture a good pretext for a war. And as he waited, the so-called “moderate” Republicans on whom he had placed his hopes, declared one by one that they would vote for impeachment. By the beginning of last week, even his strongest supporters conceded that he would be impeached and would be tried by the Senate. And so with only hours to go before the impeachment vote, he starts a war.
Well, I guess that's sort of a Democratic tradition, but still nearly everyone was surprised when he did it. I mean, that's such breathtaking chutzpah that even some Jews were embar-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
13
A rather hysterical and absurd cartoon from the November 20,1998, Jewish Press.
rassed. They were not happy that the war against Iraq that they had been scheming for and urging for so long would be seen as merely a cheap trick to save Bill Clinton from impeachment.
But of course, that's exacdy what it is, and that's obvious to everyone with an IQ above 70. That doesn't include the yahoos of the American Legion and similar groups, who like to put on all their medals, salute the flag, and proclaim their loyalty to the commander in chief. But the politicians and media people are not that stupid: crooked, but not stupid. Nevertheless, I was worried right after the attack on Iraq last Wednesday that they would be afraid to say anything against Mr. Clinton's new war. Some of them, of course, were publicly expressing their support for the attack immediately, saying things like, “We should have attacked Saddam a long time ago.” And no one wanted to be denounced as an “anti-Semite” for saying anything against the Jews' crusade to destroy Saddam Hussein.
On the other hand, it was easy to see that the brighter ones had figured out that there was no way they could support commander-in-chief Clinton without the stink rubbing off on them. The Jews might be grateful to them at the moment, but in the long run it would look so bad that they didn't want to be associated with it, and so they began a tortured routine of praising the war without mentioning Mr. Clinton. And the impeachment process, which had been derailed for a few hours, was put back on track.
Right after the attack the Republican politicians all were saying darkly that they hoped Clinton had a good excuse for what Congressman Bob Livingston called his “unique” timing. And all Clinton could come up with is that he had to attack before the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, which began on December 20, four days after he started the war. He said it would be very offensive to Muslims everywhere if he started the war during Ramadan. When two or three leading Republicans — Mississippi's Trent Lott, for example — suggested
that he had started the war in an attempt to postpone impeachment, he pretended to be offended. He said, with a phony tone of wounded dignity, “I don't think any serious person would believe that any President would do such a thing.” Of course, that's exacdy what every serious person did believe. But as I had feared, the politicians didn't have the courage or the honesty to stand on that position, and Lott and the others who had questioned the timing quickly backed down.
One Congressman, who was afraid to let his name be used, told the Washington Times that he had found a great deal of cynicism among senior military leaders in the Pentagon about their commander in chief. They were in daily contact with the White House in the weeks before the war began, and the generals and admirals had noticed that the White House's eagerness to begin bombing Iraq grew in intensity as one undecided Republican after another declared that he would vote to impeach. When the Congressman discussed the timing of the war with the military leaders, they laughed with contempt. They all had die same
question: “Why now?” They all considered Clinton's stated excuse to be a pathetic lie.
Clinton hadn't built a coalition against Iraq, he didn't have a clear war plan and hadn't given the Pentagon time to develop one. There was no strategic objective for the attack. Furthermore, on Sunday, December 13, Clinton had told the Pentagon to prepare to launch an assault against Iraq that week. That was two days before the U.N. report claiming that Iraq was not cooperating with weapons inspectors was sent to the White House, late Tuesday night. Clinton waited until receiving the UN report to actually start the bombing, but it was clear to everyone in the Pentagon that that was phony, that he already had made up his mind on Sunday, three days earlier. They were all convinced that they had been ordered to go to war solely to postpone Clinton's impeachment That's what the top military leaders of our nation believed when they began firing cruise missiles into Iraq on Clinton's orders.
One person in the know who spoke out was former chief U.N. weapons inspector Scott Ritter. He's certainly no friend of Iraq, and he resigned last August in protest against what he believed was an insufficiendy aggressive effort to discover Iraq's weapons facilities. But hours before Clinton attacked Iraq last week, when Ritter knew the attack was coming, he told the New York Post that Richard Buder, the U.N. official in charge of weapons inspection, is collaborating with Clinton and his Jewish advisers rather than doing his U.N. job hon-esdy and correcdy. Ritter said, “What Richard Buder did last week with the inspections was a set-up. This was designed to generate a conflict that would justify a bombing.” Ritter said that officials in the U.S. government told him that when the weapons inspectors were sent back into Iraq on November 19, after Saddam had capitulated on November 14 to head off an imminent U.S. attack and said he would not interfere with the inspections, the inspectors were secredy instructed to provoke a crisis
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
This is a British cartoon, with Monica’s picture on an American bomb, reveals the general opinion in Britain to
that could be used as a pretext to begin the war. Which, of course, is exacdy what I told you would happen, in my broadcasts of November 21 and November 28. Richard Butler went along with the scheme and produced a phony report saying that Iraq was not cooperating, but Clinton, seeing impeachment looming, couldn't even wait for that report. And the International Atomic Energy Agency, also monitoring the situation in Iraq, reported that the Iraqis were doing everything they could to comply with the weapons inspectors.
Ritter told the New York Post, “You have no choice but to inter-1 pret this as Wag the Dog. You have no choice.” You know, I'm not the one who said that. It was our former chief weapons inspector, Scott Ritter, who personally knows all of the people involved and knows exacdy how the system works. His statements are in the December 17 edition of the New York Post, but you'll have to have sharp eyes to find them anywhere else. Most of the media chose to ignore him.
And in case you don't already know, Wag the Dog is a recent Hollywood film in which a fictional President of the United States deliberately starts a war to divert attention from a scandal which arises when he has sex with a teen-aged girl in the White House.
This war against Iraq doesn't reveal anything new about Bill Clinton. We already knew that he was a man without a trace of honor or patriotism, a man who would do anything at all to protect himself from impeachment, a man who would start a war without a moment's hesitation if he thought it might be advantageous to himself personally. We also knew that he was a man with extremely poor judgment. Perhaps he really believed that no one would question the timing of his attack on Iraq and that he could brazen it out. The frightening thing is that he might have succeeded if he'd attacked earlier f§ or even invented a better excuse for attacking when he did.
What this new war does is cast a little more light on the character of the system of which Bill Clinton is a
the reason for bombing Iraq.
part. You know, there's not a politician in Washington who doesn't understand exacdy why Clinton unleashed the cruise missiles and smart bombs on Iraq. That was the time for every public official — especially the members of Congress — to speak out loudly against this criminal use of America's armed forces against another country to serve Mr. Clinton's personal and private needs. Every member of the Congress should have denounced Clinton's attack on Iraq instandy. The impeachment process should have moved ahead on an emergency, around-the-clock basis, followed by an immediate trial in the Senate, even during the Christmas holidays, to remove a criminal President from office before he could do any more damage and further dishonor the United States.
And you know, a great deal of damage has been done — and I'm not talking about the bombing damage in Baghdad. The rioters who have been smashing up American embassies in half-a-dozen countries represent the feelings of most of the world's people about the United States — certainly the feelings of young people, of university students, everywhere. When one 20-year-old protestor last week called America “the spawn of all evil,” he was speaking for all the rest. Of course, the American Legion, the Rotary Club, the idiots in the Junior Chamber of Commerce don't understand this, but when Saddam Hussein or someone else somewhere finally is provoked into unleashing real weapons of mass destruction on Israel or the United States, the cheering will be
heard around the world not in the Middle East.	',ust
You know, I watched the first part of the impeachment proceedings on television last Saturday and the image which sticks in my mind is all the Democratic Congressmen walking out of the Capi-tol in protest during the voting and holding a little pep rally in support of Clinton in the Capitol parking lot. They were all spouting the familiar baloney, expressing fake outrage that the Republicans weren't supporting the commander in chief when the country was at war, shouting that everyone should stop picking on poor Mr. Clinton and let him get back to work on the job he was elected to do, and so on.
Now, as I said earlier, these Democrat politicians aren't that stupid. They understood just as well as the Republicans did why Clinton was bombing Iraq. But they had their eyes on the latest polls, which showed that 60 per cent of the voters were opposed to impeachment and three-quarters of them supported Clinton's war against Iraq. And it is clear that that's all that was important to these Democrat Congressmen. These representatives of the American people certainly weren't going to take an unpopular position and risk losing votes. Whatever the rabble wanted they would try to give the rabble — anything except real leadership.
And I don't mean to imply that the Republican politicians are basically different. It's just that they had their eyes on slighdy different polls: they were more interested in what Republican voters wanted rather than what the electorate as a whole wanted. They knew that a majority of Republicans supported impeachment. But they wouldn't speak out against Clinton's war, because they also knew that a majority of Republicans were of the same mind-set as the American Legion and the Rotary Club. And failing to speak out against Clinton's bombing of Iraq, refusing to condemn him for it, is seen as condoning it gi and righdy so.
Perhaps I'm being too stuffy about this business of bombing other countries as a way of dealing with sex
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
scandals. Perhaps I should take the attitude of the generals and admirals in the Pentagon and regard it all as a game, good for a laugh now and then, and just go along with it. Perhaps I should applaud the bombing of Iraqis, simply because they're a pretty greasy bunch. Saddam Hussein certainly is a greasy-looking fellow. I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him. Perhaps it would be a good thing just to declare open season on greasy-looking people everywhere. I'm inclined to believe that the world would be better off without them. But I also believe that when we start getting rid of greasy types, we should begin with that greasy bunch around Mr. Clinton. We should tie Madeleine Albright and Sandy Berger and William Cohen and the rest of the bunch to the next batch of bombs we drop on Baghdad.
Well, that's just wishful thinking, of course — and the fact is, it's not really a game we're involved in: it's the most serious possible business, and every serious person, every person with any shred of a sense of responsibility, must concern himself with it. Just think: we have a system which allows a politician with nothing more going for him than charm and acting ability to become President — and commander in chief of the world's most powerful military force wielding an awesomely destructive arsenal. We have a system which puts a constitutional psychopath in a position to push the doomsday button. What happened last week is not some science-fiction scenario. It's not something scripted in Hollywood. It was real. Clinton ordered the generals and admirals to start a war, and they did. They knew what Mr. Clinton's motives were, they laughed up their sleeves at him, they understood that they would be putting our military people at risk and using our forces to kill Iraqis for no better reason than taking the impeachment heat off Clinton for a while. And the Congress understood this too. But no general or admiral resigned in protest, and no Congressman made a big issue of it. When the bombing was over, the officers in the Pentagon didn't even act embarrassed. All they talked about is what percentage of their targets they succeeded in destroying.
FREE SPEECH for January 1999
You know, this business of bombing Iraq is a lot more than killing a few dozen Arabs and destroying some Iraqi real estate. It may not seem serious to the American Legion types, because Iraq isn't big enough to hit back — at least, not in a conventional way. But we did wage unprovoked war on Iraq. And it's getting to be a habit. We also attacked Sudan and Afghanistan a few months ago. Those countries, like Iraq, are sovereign nations. People around the world notice these things. They draw conclusions from these things. Corrupt leaders at the top of other countries will continue to collaborate with the United States as long as the United States remains militarily and economically powerful, but even these corrupt leaders are appalled at the behavior of the U.S. government. There is no respect at all left. Clinton and the U.S. government as a whole are a laughingstock everywhere. The leaders may not laugh in our faces yet, but they all laugh behind our backs.
And younger people everywhere despise us intensely. A few years ago we were considered to be a dangerous bully. Now we are considered a dangerous bully who is completely out of control and unpredictable, an utterly irresponsible bully. The moral imperative to put us down, to protect the rest of the world from us, becomes stronger every time Clinton does something like he did last week. That sort of criminal irresponsibility may not seem important to the Clinton supporters whose primary interest is keeping their welfare checks coming, but there are a few serious, thoughtful people left in die world, and they understand that it cannot be tolerated.
The problem that serious Americans have is not so much that their President is willing to start a war to delay his impeachment, but that doing so doesn't hurt his popularity. Clinton can be replaced. Replacing the electorate will be a more difficult task, a much more fundamental task — but nevertheless a necessary task for America's long-term survival. When the rabble — the welfare class and the perverts and the racial minorities — make up only a small minority of the electorate, many people are inclined
15
to tolerate them. When they become a majority, they no longer can be tolerated. I've spoken before about the shortcomings of a democratic system of government, but Bill Clinton has made a more striking demonstration of those shortcomings than I ever could.
You know what I'd like to happen now? I'd like a long and bitter trial of Clinton in the Senate, with the Democrats and Republicans tearing each other to pieces for the next three or four months. At least, that should keep the politicians out of trouble and off our backs for a while. And then I'd like to see Clinton acquitted by one or two votes, so that for the next two years he can provide further demonstrations of die unsuitability of democracy as a system of government in the 21st century. What I'm afraid of is that the Democrats and Republicans, understanding that they all feed from the same trough and that it is not to their advantage to make any more of a public spectacle of the system of which each of them is a part, will try to get the trial over as quickly as possible. And of course, the polls will encourage them to do just that, not so much because the voters want to save the system from further embarrassment, but because they want to get back to their ball games.
I hope that some of the generals and admirals in the Pentagon who laughed at Clinton's excuse for bombing Iraq will become serious now and begin thinking about their responsibilities to their country and will understand that they cannot be faithful to those responsibilities and continue to serve the system at the same time.
For Additional Reading
Rowan Scarborough, “Pentagon Officials Dis-
Eute Timing,” The Washington Times, Decem-er 17, 1998
Christopher Francescani, “Whisde-Blow Inspector: It's Wag the Dog,” New York Post, December 17, 1998
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Clinton’s War,” aired on December 26, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year