IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
life-
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • AUGUST 1997 • VOLUME III, NO. VIII
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
The Morality of the Immigration Problem
Dr. William Pierce
Why Our Government is Corrupt
Dr. William Pierce
. FS/ADV News
A/
The Campaign Against “Hate Crime”
Dr. William Pierce
The Importance of Courage Dr. William Pierce
The Morality of the Immigration Problem
It Is Immoral Not to Oppose Immigration
If you live in any large city on the Hast Coast or the W’est Coast or in Texas, you know that immigration is a problem which is destroying Amer-ica. Actually, there are many other parts of the country where the destructive effects of the government's current immigration policies are obvious.
1 am fortunate to be able to live and work in a rural, mountainous part of the country where the population has not been affected much by non-White immigration. Perhaps for that reason whenever business takes me to a large city I am struck forcefully by what the immigration of the last couple of decades has done to our country. When I visited Los Angeles recendy, I was impressed by my observation that the entire infrastruc-
of the city is in the hands of non-Whites, nearly all of them recent immigrants. Walk into any hotel or restaurant in Los Angeles, get on any ***** buy something in any store, and
agted Into tha United States by Maxican Immigrants
you are dealing almost exclusively with non-White clerks, waiters, cooks, and drivers. Observe the sanitation workers, the public utilities crews, the road-repair laborers. They are non-White immigrants, nearly all of them. If the non-Whites wanted to, they could immobilize the city, and the Whites would be helpless.
Los Angeles, with its Blade Runner ambience, is perhaps an extreme example, but the same process is taking place in other cities all across America. One sees a few White people in suits carrying briefcases, and everyone else on the streets is non-White. The people in the suits and carrying the briefcases don't seem to be alarmed by this situation. They regard all of the Brown, Yellow, and Black people around them as very useful, because they are doing jobs that White people don't want to do and thereby are making it possible for the people with the suits and briefcases to live a more comfortable and prosperous life.
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
5
One Mexican sneaks illegally into the United States, while the others wait for their turn. There is little to stop them.
What a selfish and short-sighted view of the situation that is!
I lived in Los Angeles more than 40 years ago. How different it was then! There were still far too many non-Whites in the area even then, but you could walk into a restaurant and expect to have a White waiter or waitress. You could expect to ride a bus with a White driver. And in the 1950s people who had been living in the Los Angeles area since before the Second World War told me how much the city had gone downhill since the 1930s. In the 1930s it had really been a White city: clean, uncrowded, almost no crime, a very pleasant place to live. Today, of course, between the Blacks and the non-White immigrants, it's become a hell hole. There are large sections of the city where a White man dare not go, even in the daytime. Mark Fuhr-man didn't develop his views in a vacuum. He learned about non-Whites on the streets of Los Angeles.
We can see the same thing hap' pening all over America. What used to be a White country 60 years ago is very rapidly becoming a non-White country. Mark Fuhrman and I are not the only White Americans who have noticed that, but there are far too many White Americans who pretend not to notice, because pretending is what is Politically Correct these days.
I go on many radio and television interview programs, and when I point out the damage that immigration is doing to America, I nearly always am countered by a host who pretends that our government's immigration policy is a wonderful thing. I run into all of the standard cliches: Don't you know that we are a nation of immigrants? We all are descended from immigrants. Immigration is what built this country. Our diversity is what makes us strong, and so on.
When I point out that the immigrants who built America were immigrants from Europe, and that the immigrants who are destroying America now are from everywhere but Europe, the host asks me incredulously whether or not I really believe that it makes any difference where the immigrants come from. He pretends to believe that immigrants from Haiti, the Dominican Republic, Vietnam, or Mexico have the same effect on American life that immigrants from Sweden, Poland, England, Ireland, or Germany have had. He pretends to believe this, because otherwise he would be charged with being a racist, and then he would no longer have a job as a radio or TV host. And 1 am afraid that there are idiots out there who really do believe that, because thar's what they're being taught in their schools and their churches, as well as by their TV.
Back in the 1930s Americans had a little more sense about things like race and immigration. Immigration was from Europe, and there were laws to keep it that way. After the Second World War the propagandists in Hollywood and New York started beating the drums for racial integration and for opening America's borders to the Third World. A huge Jewish propaganda campaign was aimed at changing America's immigration laws. The Jews and their allies wanted to switch immigration from Europe to the Third World. Of course, they didn’t say that. They just said that they wanted America’s immigration laws to be more “fair.” It was “racist” to keep Asian Indians and Haitians out and let Norwegians and Frenchmen in. They didn’t want too many, just a few to make it clear that Americans weren’t bigots.
New York Jewish Congressman Emanuel Celler led the campaign in the Congress, and he recruited renegade Whites, such as Ted Kennedy, to help him. In 1965 this campaign finally succeeded in making America's immigration laws “fairer,” and so now we have the situation we can see in Los Angeles and in many other American cities today.
if I were an observer from Mars.
I might wonder at what sort of collective death wish had infected the minds of White Americans, what sort
0 1997 * National Vanguard liooks • llox 3 30 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
3
Sister Bernadette and Sister Bendicte, Rwandan Catholic nuns, are in prison for participating in the “ethnic cleansing” of Tutsis. How long will it be before their ethnic brethren think it’s time to engage in such activities in the United States?
of suicidal insanity had gripped them to make them put up with this situation. As a Martian observer 1 might study the matter with detachment.
But I'm not from Mars. This is my country' which is being destroyed. These are my people who are letting themselves be led with little protest into the slaughterhouse. And that is exactly where we are headed: into the slaughterhouse. All for the sake of Political Correctness; all for the sake of racial equality; all for the sake of “diversity.” It is truly insane.
America becomes darker — racially darker — every year, and that is the direct result of our government's immigration policy. Sometime around the middle of the next century, about 50 years from now, America will become a majority non-White country. We White people, we descendants of the European immigrants who built America, will be a minority in our own country. And if we don't like it, why then we can be dealt with the way they deal with ethnic conflicts in places like Rwanda. Or the way they dealt with the racial problem in Haiti, when the Black majority simply butchered the entire White minority 200 years ago. In large parts of the American Southwest, including California, the Mexicans already talk among themselves about what they will do to the gringos as soon as they have the power to do it. It is, of course, a fact that our ancestors took the American Southwest away from their ancestors. We were stronger than they, and we wanted their land. As soon as they become stronger, they intend to take it back again — and in the process do a bit of “ethnic cleansing” to get rid of any remaining gringos. That is the way the world works. That is the way the world always has worked. That is the way it always will work.
Why do we have so many idiots among us today who believe that the lion can be taught to lie down with the lamb? Why do we have so many idiots who believe that the laws of Nature have been suspended simply because these laws are not Politically Correct? Why do we have so many men among us who have lost their manly instincts and believe that we should no longer fight to protect what
is ours, that we no longer should defend our borders, our part of the earth, and that we should bare our throats to our enemies?
I've answered these questions before, and I'll answer them again now. Many of our people don't really think about these things. Many of our people simply accept them because of their selfishness and their shortsightedness. The men with the briefcases and the suits are glad to have someone to mow their lawns and collect their garbage and do the other things that they consider beneath their own dignity and the dignity of their children.
When I was a boy I used to mow lawns and do every other kind of rough and dirty work to earn money for the things I wanted. I even picked cotton and helped bring in other
crops. I worked on an egg farm for a while, washing eggs. That was nasty work, and I didn't like it at all, but I did it anyway. But nowadays this work is considered beneath the dignity of White teenagers as well as adults. Now we hire non-Whites to do it. What a terrible, terrible mistake that is! For the sake of our momentary convenience, our momentary luxury, we give our whole heritage away — and our children's heritage. We protect them from having to do strenuous or unpleasant work — but at the cost of growing up in a society where they will become a minority during their lifetimes and will be at the mercy of a non-White majority. That is the very worst sort of selfishness and shortsightedness.
In contrast to these people who don't think about what non-White
<£p 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Hox J30 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
I
immigration is doing to America because at the moment they believe that it is benefiting them, there are people who do think about it — after a fashion. These are the ones who believe that the laws of Nature have been repealed. These are the ones who babbie about how wonderful “diversity" is because they hear other people babbling about it on television. These are the ones who claim to believe that there is no difference between Haitian immigrants and Norwegian immigrants. These are the ones who claim to look forward eagerly to the time when Whites will be a minority in America, because then we wall have an end to racism and everyone finally wall be able to get along with everyone else.
When I am on radio or television calk shows I run into lots of these idiots. I run into people who tell me that they wouldn't want to live in an America which had become White again. There wouldn't be enough “diversity” to make their jaded lives interesting. They would no longer have their choice of Vietnamese or Mexican restaurants, no longer be able to see such an interesting mix of skin colors and racial types everywhere, no longer be able to listen to Jewish comics and admire Black athletes. They would be very bored if all of their neighbors and co-workers were White, they tell me.
Part of this pathology is related to the breakdown in the sense of community, the sense of family, of belonging, of rootedness, which used to characterize White Americans and its replacement by extreme individualism. Fifty or sixty years ago Americans used to identify very strongly with their community, with their ethnic group, with their race. They felt a sense of responsibility for others of their own kind around them. We were like a large, extended family.
Now too many people arc retreat> ing into individualism, caring only about their own pleasures and their own interests. They do not even feel any sense of responsibility for their own children. They arc not concerned about the type of world their
FRHK SPHHCH for August 1997
This is how the government deals with illegal immigration: it puts up traffic signs for American motorists.
children or their grandchildren will inherit All that matters is their own gratification — now.
And I run into people who spout the sort of idiot pop-morality promoted by the media. “We took California and Texas away from the Mexicans,” they say, “so why should we complain if they take it back now? We have no right to keep them from crossing the border, because it used to be their land.” If you want to see one of these idiots backtrack in a hurry, tell him you believe that he has hit on an excellent principle, which ought to be applied in the Middle East. We certainly should not help the Jews hang onto land which they have stolen from the Palestinians. Instead, we should be helping the Palestinians take it hack. That will shut him up.
Of course, there is nothing rational or consistent about the beliefs or the arguments of the people who want to keep America's borders open. These people take the positions they do simply because they are the positions which are promoted by the media, positions which are currently fashionable, and these people would rather die than be thought unfashion-able.
I'll give you a position which is rational and consistent. We took this land because we were stronger than our opponents and because we needed me land to raise our families. As long as we remained strong in
spirit as well as in body we held 0 the land so that our children *5 their children also would have land th raise their families. But then tnali cious aliens came into our land and got their hands on our information media and our entertainment media and these aliens spread spiritual poj, son among our people, so that spirits became corrupted and out minds became confused. These alien* were able to make some of us fed guilty for taking this land for ourselves. They were able to make some of us feel guilty for being concerned about our own people, for being race-conscious. And they were able to promote their pop-morality among the fashion-conscious. But those of us who are not confused and whose souls are not corrupted are growing in numbers now. We are becoming stronger.
And we understand that the strong will inherit the earth. We understand that if the aliens are able to keep our people weak and confused, then some other race will take our land away from our children and use it to raise their families instead. We understand that people who are race-conscious are stronger than those who are not We understand that people who feel a sense of community with others of their kind are stronger than those who are concerned only about themselves.
We understand that it is not moral to be weak or to favor other races over our own. It is not moral to give away what our ancestors struggled and died for. We understand that it is moral to survive, that it is moral to be strong, that it is moral to defend our land, that it is moral to fight against those who would take our land, just as it is moral to fight against those who would corrupt our spirits. We understand that the laws of Nature have not been repealed, that they rule now, just as they always have ruled. We understand that Nature is not immoral, and that we are not immoral when we follow the instincts which Nature has given us. It is moral to act in accord with those instincts and try to build a secure future for our posterity.
(g)	*	Nauorusl	Vanguard	Hooks	•	liox	J30	•	Hillsboro	»	WV	24946	*	$40/ytar
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
5
It is moral for us to mow our own lawns, drive our own buses, collect our own garbage, cook our own food, wait on our own tables, and pick our own crops. We understand that no honest work is beneath our dignity or the dignity of our children. We understand that it is better for our children to do strenuous work and dim work and to become physically hard and disciplined than it is for them to grow up soft.
We understand these things, and we accept our responsibility to help all of our people understand them also. The purpose of American Dissident Voices and Free Speech is to spread understanding among our peo-
ple, Spreading understanding is the purpose of everything we do. And it is a difficult task, because the malicious aliens who control the mainstream media are working overtime to corrupt and confuse, and their resources are greater than ours at this time.
But we are growing. We are becoming stronger. More people are beginning to understand. And when we have spread understanding to enough of our people, then we will be able to put an end to the non-White immigration which is destroying America and destroying our heritage, and we will be able to begin undoing the damage. With understanding,
with the adherence to a real morality, the morality of Nature, the morality of our ancestors, instead of the pop-morality promoted by the alien masters of the media, we will be able to solve every other problem confronting our people in addition to the immigration problem.
We can do it Together we can do it.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Morality of the Immigration Problem,” aired on June 14, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
Why Our Government Is Corrupt
A Diverse Society Is Almost Impossible to Govern Honestly
Well, Bill Clinton's handlers have him working on a new program to reduce the amount of racial hatred in America. The theory seems to be that if they can get Mr. Clinton to keep his trousers up long enough, perhaps he can do some things to help Blacks and Whites get along better. I doubt it.
Actually, I'm not interested in having Blacks and Whites get along better together. I want Blacks and Whites separated. In the long run, that's the only way to eliminate racial animosity, racial resentment, racial friction. And it's the only way that either race can survive in the long run. But the people who're behind all of these programs for making Blacks and Whites live with each other and like it aren't really concerned about our survival. They themselves are neither Black nor White, and their only concern is to keep both races under control.
Race relations really aren’t the main thing I want to discuss, 1 want to talk about government programs for solving problems generally. I wonder if you have become as cynical about such programs as 1 have. Many people are concerned about the declining educational standards in
America, and so the government has had one program after another to improve education. And of course, educational standards have continued to fall.
Look at the programs. Look at the details. Typically they're a hodgepodge of half-hearted, lukewarm semi-measures. One gets the impression that their real purpose is to fool people into thinking that the government is doing something about the problem.
Why is that? Why do things in this country continue to get worse and worse while the government spends more and more of our money on programs which are supposed to make things better
The basic reason is that as the population of the United States has become more and more diverse, the country has become more and more difficult to govern. It has become more and more difficult to devise programs that will make most people happy or that will serve most people’s needs.
Consider, for example, the schools. Fifty years ago, before the schools were racially integrated by government decree, schools were cither Black or they were White, for
all practical purposes. In the White schools there was a reasonable degree of homogeneity, and the government could make a program for White schools based on reasonable assumptions about the students to which it was to be applied. The same was true for Black schools — but the assumptions about the needs of Black students were, of course, different from the assumptions about White students, and so the programs for Black schools would be different from those for White schools. Which is to say, the programs were tailored much more closely to the people they were intended to serve and therefore were much more likely to be successful.
Of course, even in schools where the students and teachers all were of the same race, there was a range of abilities, of interests, and of behavioral characteristics. But this range was small enough so that one program still could work reasonably well for everyone in a school system. If the programs could be tailored more closely to individual abilities, interests, or behavior, they generally worked even better. For example, there might be one program for students of high ability and one for students of average ability.
0
<D 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
The government policy of school integration has destroyed the chance White children had for getting a quality education.
To people with a democratic turn of mind, the very idea that some students might have more ability than others is abhorrent, so even before the racial integration of the schools there was resistance to programs which were tailored to these difference*. The Politically Correct idea was that everyone should fit the same mold, and one program should work for all.
After the schools were racially integrated and Political Correctness became the law of the land, we had an impossible situation. The temperaments and behavioral norms for Black students are quite different from those for White students, and the scholastic abilities of Black students are substantially lower than the average for Whites, and so programs intended to apply to integrated schools were almost guaranteed to be ineffective.
That hasn't stopped the government's program-makers from continuing to come out with one new program after another for improving America's schools, but all of real significance that has been done in the schools is a lowering of both the standard of conduct and the academic standard in order to accommodate the much greater diversity in the students.
And what has been true of the schools has been true of just about every other facet of our society. As our society has become less homogeneous and more diverse, it has been harder and harder to devise programs which work well. Programs have necessarily had to become less specific and more general in order to accommodate a more diverse population, and the extent that programs are less specific they are less effective, as a rule.
It's not just that greater diversity makes it harder to solve problems: the greater diversity is itself the cause of many of the problems. The problem of racial hatred which Mr. Clinton has been pretending to address recendy is an excellent example of this. Why do we have so much racial conflict and racial antagonism in our society today? It is because the government has insisted on increasing the racial diversity in every sector of our society, has insisted on bringing more and more non-Whites into die country and then forcing us all together, whether we want to be together or not. It is diversity and forced mixing which cause race hatred, nothing else.
There are a number of organizations in the hate industry in this country: organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League of Bnai B'rith and Morris Dees's Southern Poverty Law Center. These organize-
© 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks * Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 74940 • $40/^ycur
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
7
tions make money from hate. They keep track of what they call “hate crimes," and they tell their supporters that hate in America is increasing, so please send money so they can fight it The more hate they have to report, the more money they make. It comes as no surprise, therefore, that all of these hate-industry organizations are strongly in fkvor of more “diversity” in America and more forced mixing. They know what it takes to bring in contributions from their supporters.
Mr. Clinton, who is in the pocket of these organizations, is working on a new program to combat hate, he says, while at the same time he is promoting more “diversity” and more mixing.
Why do we have so many of these phony programs, these unrealistic and unworkable programs, which seem to be designed more to fool the public into thinking that the government is doing something than actually to solve the problems they purport to address?
Is it not because the whole system of government in this country has become crooked? Isn't it because the politicians who dream up these programs and administer them are people accustomed to lying to us and pretending to believe what they don't believe and pretending to be what they aren't7 Isn't it because the people who give us the programs that are supposed to improve our educational system understand that there's not really much that can be done to improve education without addressing the race issue, without addressing the fact that racial integration is at the root of the failure of our educational system, and as long as they are not allowed to address this issue all they can do is go through the motions and try to fool the public? Isn't it because Bill Clinton, crooked though he is, is smart enough to understand that the racial friction and hatred can only grow as he pushes for more racial “diversity* in American life, because that is what his handlers demand, and so all he can do is pretend to deal with the problem?
And why do we have a crooked and ineffective government, when we desperately need a government that is honest and competent? Why must we
Clinton and a campaign contributor, the Asian banker James Riady
put our lives in the hands of crooked politicians, who only pretend to be concerned with solving the problems which beset us, when we desperately need real leadership? Why is the system corrupt?
Is it not because the* system is manipulated by the people who control the news and entertainment media in this country? Is it not because the media have gained such a powerful grip on the whole political process in America that they can virtually dictate to the politicians? Every politician who offers himself as a candidate for public office knows that the number of votes he receives will depend on the way in which the media present him to the public. Whether he wins or not will depend almost entirely on the image of him which the media create.
Bill Clinton is a perfect example of this. He has palled around with drug dealers and gangsters throughout his political life. His own brother was convicted and sent to prison for selling cocaine right out of the governor's mansion in Litde Rock while Bill Clinton was governor of Arkansas. His habit of sending Arkansas state troopers to scout up women and bring them to him was well known among his associates long before the Paula Jones case. The media people certainly knew about his drug connections and his use of Arkansas state employees to satisfy his sexual appe-
tite. If they had revealed these things to the American people in 1992, if they really had made an issue of these things, Bill Clinton never would have been selected as the Democrat Party’s candidate. If the media had made an issue of the fact that Bill Clinton was leading pro-Viet Cong demonstrations back in the 1960s when 58,000 young Americans were being killed by the Viet Cong, he never could have been elected.
But the media chose not to make an issue of these things, because Bill Clinton is exaedy the sort of man they want in public office: a man without principles or morals, a man who will do whatever seems advantageous to him — and in particular will do whatever the media bosses tell him to do in return for their support Now some of Clinton's immoral and illegal activities are beginning to come out. The media are beginning to tell us about some of Bill Clinton's activities, although certainly not about all of them, because for one thing he cannot be President for a third term and for another thing it's their way of keeping him under control. By keeping the pressure on him, by keeping him worried about the Paula Jones case and the illegal campaign contributions and a few other things, they keep him constandy aware of his dependence on them. If the media began harping on all of the immoral and illegal activities in which Bill Clinton has been involved they could have him impeached. They could have him out of the White House and in prison. And he knows that So he is not likely to try to do anything contrary to the wishes of the media bosses during the next two and a half years.
Bill Clinton is an example, but the process of media control is basically the same for all of the politicians. And so the real question for us is, why do the media bosses use their control over the political process in America to damage and weaken America? Why did they push for an immigration policy which is flooding America with non-Whites? Why do they push for more and more racial diversity,M when it is clear that these policies are destroying not only our schools but our whole society?
0 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks * llox HO • Hillsboro » WV 24946 • $4lVWur
1
VIfe know the answer, don't wc? IVe talked about it many times. The answer is that the people who control out mass media, our media of news and entertainment, are not our people. They are not people who share our interests, our concerns, our values. They are an alien people, with different interests, different concerns, different values. They are a people unto themselves. They are Jews.
Every time I'm on a radio or television interview program and I mention this fact, every time I begin talking about the Jewish control of the media, the host will try to deny it or make light of it or change the subject They know who signs their pay-checks, and they will lie to protect those people. But the facts really are undeniable.
Let's look at some of those facts. The two biggest media conglomerates in the country, the two biggest media empires, are Time-Wamer-CNN and the Disney Company. Time-Wamer-CNN is controlled by Gerald Levin. Through the Time-Warner-CNN media empire he controls a vast array of news and entertainment media: publishing, films, and television. And Mr. Levin is Jewish.
The Disney Company, which also owns the ABC television network and lots of other things, is controlled by Michael Eisner, who also is Jewish. The Disney Company was built by one of our people, by Walt Disney, and it used to produce healthy and wholesome entertainment. But then Mr. Eisner got control of it, and now it's just part of a Jewish madia empire: debased films, ceievi sion, and publishing.
Or consider newspapers. The big three, the three most politically infillenttal newspapers in the United States, are the New York Times, the Wall St reet Journal, and the Washing-ton Pott. All are owned by Jews. They were not created by Jews originally, but they were taken over by Jews and they are now owned by Jews. All three of them. Quite a coincidence, isn't it, when you consider that Jews make up just two and a half per cent of the U.f. population/
Or consider news magazines. There are really just three news magazines in this country of real fignifi-
FRKH SPEECH for August 1997
cancc: Time, Newsweek, and U.S. News and World Report. They're all under Jewish control. All three of them. Time is part of Mr. Levin's Time-Warner-CNN empire. Newsweek is owned by the Jewish Washington Post Company. And U.S. News and World Report is owned by Mortimer Zuckerman, who also just happens to be a Jew.
If you doubt any of this, if you're not absolutely certain about the Jewish control of the mass media — and I can understand that some of you may be uncertain about this, because the media lie about it and try to mislead people — if you have any doubt at all about what I've told you, check it out for yourself. If you think, for example, that maybe Mr. Levin is an Irishman instead of a Jew, or that Mr. Eisner may really be a German or a Scotsman instead of a Jew, check it out The facts aren't really all that difficult to find. If you think I haven't told you the truth about who owns U.S. News and World Report, check it out for yourself. If you think that the films coming out of Hollywood that promote interracial sex and homosexuality, that tell us that we owe the Jews a living because of the “Holocaust” — if you think these films are produced by anyone but Jews, check it out. The facts are available for anyone with eyes to see.
The Jews control the media. But why do they use their control of the media to corrupt our government and destroy our society? Why when a Jew like Eisner takes over a non-Jewish film company like Disney, does he immediately change the type of films the company produces? Why does he switch from wholesome films like Snow White and Fantasia to films like The Crying Game and Priest, films which promote homosexuality and racial mixing? Why do these powerful Jews promote things like gangsta' rap in a way deliberately intended to corrupt young White people? Why does MTV (which, incidentally, is owned by the Jew Sumner Redstone, through his media holding company, Viacom) specialize in such degenerate entertainment aimed at our young people?
They do it because that is their nature. They have always done that sort of thing. They always seek con-
trol, they always seek power, and then they use that power to corrupt and destroy. That's what they're doing to America now. And if you want to know what you can do about it, what we can do about it together, write to the address on the back of this magazine and ask about the National Alliance.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Why Our Government Is Corrupt,” aired on June 21, 1997. A cassette recording I of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
FS/ADV News
American Dissident Voices has added another station to its radio network: KNRY in Monterey, California. It will broadcast American Dissident Voices twice weekly: Tuesday and Thursday evenings at 9:30. Please see the back cover of this magazine for complete schedule information.
Since there are only four ADV programs printed in each issue of Free Speech and many months have more than four Saturdays in them, some broadcasts of American Dissident Voices will have to be left out of this magazine. This month the broadcast of July 5, 1997, “The New Word Order," has been left out.
If you would like a transcript of this broadcast, or any other broadcast that is not included in Free Speech, send a note telling us the station you listen to, the date of the program, your name and address, and $5.00 to National Vanguard Books at the address at the bottom of this page
Please remember to write clearly.
C* 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Hu* 3 30 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
9
The Campaign Against “Hate Crime”
Who Are the Real Haters?
Mr. Clinton says he is involved in a campaign to end racial hatred and “pull America together.” What this actually means is that Mr. Clinton and his handlers want White Americans to shut up and stop complaining about the government's programs to cram more non-Whites down their throats. White Americans have made it clear that they not only want an end to the Clinton government's program of continuing to bring more non-Whites into the country, but they also want the government to end its programs aimed at forcing Whites and non-Whites together and providing special privileges for non-Whites: programs such as affirmative action, for example.
But the Clinton government needs these programs. Signing up a million immigrants, nearly all of them non-White, so that they could vote in the 1996 Presidential contest, was important to Mr. Clinton's re-election. And to keep them voting Democratic the government needs to reward them with programs like affirmative action. So the Clinton government has denounced White opposition to these programs as “racial hatred” and is hoping that that label will intimidate opponents of the Clinton racial programs into silence.
That's a clever tactic by Mr. Clinton and the media, but it's also a typically crooked tactic. There are very few White Americans who are in favor of racial hatred — or hatred of any sort. We are not by nature haters. Most of us don't approve of it. Mr. Clinton and the media bosses understand that, and that's why they always begin talking about “hate” when they want to shut up their opponents. They want the public to believe that any opposition to the government's racial programs is “hate.”
Now, the truth of the matter is that while most White Americans don't want to be thought of as “haters,” most of us also don't want more non-Whites crammed down our throats by the government and the
media. That's not because we're “haters”; it's because we know a few things about non-Whites. We know enough to be quite sure that we don't want or need any more of them in our society. We don't want to mix with them — not because we are a bunch of hateful bigots, as the controlled media and Mr. Clinton would have everyone believe, not because we are full of blind prejudice, but because we know a few things about non-Whites. We know about their proclivity to murder, rape, and steal, for example.
When I say something like that on a radio talk show, I get howls of protest from the Politically Correct host “You're worried about murderers?” the host screeches. “What about Timothy McVeigh? He murdered 168 people, and he's about as White as they come.” This is supposed to embarrass me into silence. It 's the same sort of barroom debating tactic they use when I begin talking about the Jewish control of the news and entertainment media. Then the Politically Correct host will say, “Jewish
media control? What about Ted Turner? He's not a Jew.”
No, Ted Turner isn't a Jew, but he has a Jewish boss, because Ted Turner's CNN is a subsidiary of Gerald Levin's Time-Warner media empire. And Timothy McVeigh didn't even put a dent in the racial crime statistics.
Those racial crime statistics are gathered by Mr. Clinton's FBI, because the FBI believes it they can do its job better if it understands what's happening. The controlled media don't like to talk about those statistics, of course, but they are a matter of public record, and any citizen can get them from the Department of Justice. The latest figures I have are for 1995, and they come from the FBI's Supplementary Homicide Report.
This supplementary report contains data from those states which break down their crime reports into White, Hispanic, Black, Asian, and American Indian categories. This is important, because many states lump
These recent Immigrants are being sworn in as U S. citizens. Notice the large percentage of non-Whites. The government brought them here and wants their continuing support
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 3)0 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
Whites and Hispanics together in the “White” category, so that what such states report as “White” crime is actu-ally White and Hispanic crime. I've taken the data just from those states which break down their crime reports into White, Hispanic, Black, Asian, and American Indian in order to be able to make the most accurate and meaningful comparisons between White crime and non-White crime. What these data show is that in 1995 Asians in the United States committed murders at a rate 1.23 times the White rate. Another way of saying this is that if in a group of one million White people 100 of them committed a murder in 1995, then in a group of one million Asians 123 of them committed a murder in 1995. That is, Asians are 23 per cent more likely to commit murder than Whites are.
That's interesting, because the impression deliberately fostered by the media is that Asians are more law-abiding than Whites. That may have been true 50 years ago, when Asians were a very tiny minority in America and tended to be on their best behavior. Now that we have a lot more of them here and they feel more at home, they are showing their true natures.
American Indians also are more murderous than Whites. They commit murders at twice the White rate.
But that's nothing compared to the Hispanics. They commit murders at 4.8 times the White rate. A Hispanic is nearly five times as likely as a White person to be a murderer.
And, as you might have guessed, Blacks take the prize for murderous-i.ness. They are 10.1 times as likely as [Whites to commit murder. Is it any wonder that most of us don't want Blacks in our schools, our neighborhoods, or our workplaces?
You would hardly guess any of this from listening to Mr. Clinton or. reading any of the controlled newspapers. They like to talk about things like the burning of Black churches or other offenses they can attribute to White “haters.” They certainly don't like to talk about the fact that Blacks are far more violent and commit far
more crimes than Whites. In fact,
Asians are presented by the media as being more law-abiding than Whites. Actually, they are more likely to commit murder and other crimes than Whites are.
every non-White group in America is more criminal and more violent than Whites. But when Mr. Clinton talks about “hate crimes” he's talking about crimes committed by Whites against non-Whites. That's the kind of crime he wants you to believe is the big problem in America. That's the kind of crime he hints is keeping Blacks and Whites apart. If we could just keep those White “haters” from committing their “hate crimes,” he suggests, then we could “pull America together.”
One of the goals Mr. Clinton has announced for his program to “pull America together” is “making sure that the American people have facts, not myths, upon which to base their judgments about people of different colors and backgrounds.”
But do you really believe that Mr. Clinton is going to give the American people facts about the racial differences in crime rates? I don't believe it. I think Mr. Clinton is just telling us one more lie when he promises us facts. I think that the only things Mr.
Clinton will be telling us are tales designed to dampen the resistance of White people to racial mixing.
Mr. Clinton isn't the only one who is lying to us when it comes to racial matters. On June 14 Mr. Clinton gave the commencement speech at the San Diego campus of the University of California, and he used the speech to push his anti-hate campaign. The Associated Press report on that speech stated that Mr. Clinton's governmental appointments “mirror ethnic and racial percentages of the national population.”
That is not true. In particular, Mr. Clinton has appointed Jews to government positions at more than ten times their percentage of the national population. That's another fact that we won't be hearing from Mr. Clinton, because he would rather have us believe the myth that his appointments mirror the ethnic and racial percentages of the national population.
In his June 14 speech to students in San Diego, Mr. Clinton made the biggest plea yet to keep the affirmative action programs which bring Blacks into universities in far larger numbers than would be the case if admission were determined by academic performance. Affirmative action has been rejected overwhelmingly by the voters, but Bill Clinton, for obvious reasons, doesn't want to end it. Blacks voted overwhelmingly for him in both of his Presidential campaigns, and he wants to keep them on his side.
Do you want to know what causes racial hostility? Do you want to know what causes Whites to resent Blacks? More than anything else, it has been affirmative action. Whites — even Whites who never think about crime statistics — resent programs which give Blacks an advantage over them. They resent having academic standards lowered and work performance standards lowered just to make it easier for Blacks. Bill Clinton is a master of misdirection and deceit. He promotes programs which cause racial hostility, and at the same time, in the same speech, he blames this hostility on White racists.
In his San Diego speech Mr. Clinton looked out over the graduating students, among whom there
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
were a great many Blacks, nearly all of them there through affirmative action programs, and he put on his best used-car salesman's smile, and he said to the White students, “Now, you be honest with yourselves, and you'll know that you learned a lot more here than you would have if all of the students had looked like you.” What a line of baloney! Of course, the media people there — and the Blacks — loved that line. But if any of the White students had the courage to buck the pressure to conform and were honest with themselves, what could they say they learned by having die campus packed with affirmative action Blacks? How to cope with the threat of rape on the campus? How to minimize the chance of being mugged if they had to go to the library after dark? Well, yes, those are useful things to know in the sort of place America is becoming under the Clin-tonistas.
Everyone understands that the White students learned a lot less in an affirmative action university than they would have learned in an all-White university, because the standards have been lowered to accommodate the Blacks. Of course, to the trendy, liberal, air-head types who applauded Mr. Clinton's line of baloney, the really important things to be learned at a university aren't chemistry, mathematics, biology, and history. The important things are learning how to get along in a multiracial world: learning how to smile ingratiatingly and step out of the way when Black ballplayers on scholarship come swaggering down a campus sidewalk, learning how to be sensitive and never say anything which minorities might find offensive, learning how to apologize for being White.
It would be bad enough if Mr. Clinton's deceitful campaign to “pull America together” were nothing more than the use of his office as President to promote his multiracial agenda through media events like his speech in San Diego, trying to bully and intimidate the opponents of affirmative action and immigration reform into silence. However, Mr. Clinton's speeches are only one facet of a war against White America that the Clin-tonistas are waging. The Clinton
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
Sergeant Robert Washington He was found guilty of spray-painting swastikas on the doors of six Black Special Forces soldiers at Fort Bragg. Clinton used this incident as an example of White hate crime.
speeches — and the favorable media publicity they receive — are intended to persuade the public that what keeps America from being pulled together are the activities of what the Clintonistas call “hate criminals.” Their definition of a “hate criminal” is any White person who acts or speaks in opposition to their program to continue increasing America's racial “diversity” and racial togetherness. When Mr. Clinton is not trying to salvage his affirmative action schemes and prevent immigration reform, he warns of the need for a crackdown on “hate crime.” He cites a few examples of what he means by “hate crime”: a homosexual beaten up, a swastika daubed on the door of a Jewish university student, vandalism of a house in a White neighborhood after the house is sold to Blacks. All of his examples just happen to involve alleged actions by Whites. In an announcement from the White House just a week before his San Diego speech, Mr. Clinton said: “It is time for us to mount an all-out assault on hate crimes, to punish them swiftly and severely, and to do more to prevent them from happening in the first place.”
We will be hearing much stronger calls for new laws against so-called “hate crimes” as Mr. Clinton's cam-
11
paign to “pull America together” progresses. We will see a new facet of the campaign emerging: a call for criminalizing Politically Incorrect speech — what the Clintonistas call “hate speech.” It's hard to see how new laws against vandalism or beating up homosexuals can accomplish much, since vandalism and assault already are illegal and have been for a long time. It doesn't really help their campaign much to elevate these offenses from the realm of ordinary crimes to the realm of political crimes
—	and you know, really, that's exactly what all of these so-called “hate crimes” are: they are political crimes. What the Clintonistas are aiming at is oudawing Politically Incorrect speech. Everything else is window dressing.
This whole campaign to intimidate Politically Incorrect Americans
—	so-called “hate criminals” — began 20 years ago. In states such as New York and New Jersey where Jews exercised a very large degree of political control, Jewish pressure groups were able to have state laws passed against “hate crimes.” In parts of the country where the spirit of freedom was stronger, however, the Jews were unable to persuade the local legislatures that a White man should be punished more severely for punching a Jew in die nose than for punching another White man.
Then in 1990 they succeeded in having a new Federal law enacted by the Congress. It was the so-called “Hate Crimes Statistics Reporting Act.” This new law seemed innocuous enough at first glance. It merely required the Justice Department to gather statistics on a new category of crimes: namely, those defined by the Jews as “hate crimes.” So the FBI was required to gather statistics from the whole country: how many homosexuals had been beaten up, how many Blacks had been chased out of White neighborhoods, how many Jews had had their shop windows smashed, how many lesbians had found offensive graffiti scrawled on their cars. No new punishments: just statistics.
The purpose of this law was to force the government to accept the idea of “hate crimes”: the idea of a crime defined by what the offender
(0 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks * Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 * %40/yiar
12
was thinking when he committed an act rather than by the act itself. This whole notion of "hate crime,” of thought crime, is offensive to the White man's sense of justice, to all of our legal traditions, but in 1990 the jews succeeded in subverting that sense, in subverting that tradition. Once they had forced the country to accept the idea of thought crimes, they found it much easier to have actual legislation passed which set penalties for various acts based on what the offender was assumed to have been thinking at the time. And in order to establish what the offender was thinking, the government could examine his private correspondence. They
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
could examine the ideological content of any books or magazines found in his residence. They could explore his religious, social, and political associations. All of these things could be used as evidence against him in court.
Now Mr. Clinton is explicidy and publicly pushing for a great expansion of these laws against thought crime, against political crime. The next step will be the criminalizing of Politically Incorrect thought itself, not just acts based on Politically Incorrect thought. The Jews long have been calling for laws oudawing hooks, radio programs, and any other expressions of Politically Incorrect opinion: what they cleverly call “hate speech.”
Before his term in office is finished Mr. Clinton also will be calling for the criminalizing of “hate speech.” That is what all of his current baloney about “pulling America together” is aimed at That is what we must prepare ourselves to fight against with all of the means at our disposal.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Campaign Against ‘Hate Crime,’” aired on June 28, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
The Importance of Courage
The Fear of Being Politically Incorrect Has Reached Ridiculous Proportions
I've never been a boxing fan, and so normally I wouldn't feel qualified to say anything about the sport However, I have been amused by all of the public commentary by media spokesmen, politicians, and boxing officials about the fact that one boxer of the African persuasion saw fit to bite a sizable chunk out of the ear of another boxer of the same persuasion during a recent match. Rather, I have been amused by the fact that the one thing none of these people has mentioned in the discussions of the ear-biting incident is the racial dimension. They all have carefully avoided saying anything at all about the fact that Mike Tyson is a Negro, lest anyone think that they are suggesting that his race had anything to do with his behavior. Heaven forbid!
The refusal of the media to say anything about race in the Tyson affair doesn't mean they aren't aware of it. For the next six months they'll be scraping up every affirmative-action Black rocket scientist, every affirmative-action Black brain surgeon, every affirmative-action Black university president; and every affirmative-action Black Air Force general they can sign up to interview on TV for one thing or another, in an effort to neutralize the damage Tyson has done to their carefully promoted illusion of racial “equality.
All of this is eerily reminiscent of George Orwell's novel 1984, in which people are able to ignore the evidence of their eyes and ears, are able to shut down their reasoning processes, and are able to interpret everything around them in a Politically Correct manner. The force which makes Orwell's characters subordinate reason to Political Correctness is fear:	fear	of	the
Thought Police.
In America today we do not have Thought Police — not yet. We do have thought crimes and thought criminals. They are called “hate crimes” and “hate criminals” and are defined in terms of what the perpetrator was thinking at the time he committed an act. Our beloved Big Brother — Bill Clinton, that is — is campaigning hard for more laws against thought crimes, and so are the Jewish media and the other minions of Political Correctness.
I suppose it won't be long before we do have a new secret-police agency to catch thought criminals. Perhaps they will be called the “Hate Police” or the “Equality Police” or something of the sort. Or perhaps thought criminals will continue Co be hunted down by the FBI, as at present.
However, it is not fear of being caught by the Thought Police and tortured, a la 1984, which keeps all of die boxing commentators from suggesting that Mike Tyson's race has
something to do with his behavior. It is fear of being condemned by all of the other commentators, fear of being ostracized from the ranks of the Politically Correct, fear of not being invited to Washington, New York, and Hollywood cocktail parties. And ostracism can have very real economic consequences. In certain fields, it can result in the loss of employment, for example. To be Politically Correct, one must not only have the Correct thoughts at all times oneself; one also must condemn and shun anyone who manifests Incorrect thoughts. One must drum the Politically Incorrect person out of Correct society.
This fear of being Politically Incorrect has reached ridiculous dimensions. Take the widespread phenomenon of “White flight," for example. Millions of White people are fleeing areas which have a high percentage of Blacks, Mexicans, and other non-Whites and are relocating to pre-dominandy White areas. Sometimes this just means a move from city to suburb, or from one suburb to another; sometimes it means moving to another state or another region of the country with fewer non-Whites. But if you ask one of these fleers why he is fleeing, you will hear every sort of answer except the true answer. Hardly anyone will admit that he is moving to get away from non-Whites. He is terri-
(q 1997 • National Vanguard liooki * Box 330 • HUB boro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FRHE SPEECH for August 1997
13
tied of being thought a “racist.” I am sure that many of these fleers don't even admit their racial motive to themselves. 1 am sure that many of them feel pangs of guilt whenever thev do think about their motives.
This is a deplorable situation, and it is an impressive proof of the enormous power of the mass media to brainwash the population. What George Orwell's “Ministry of Truth” did in the author's imagination, Time-Wamer-CNN, Disney-ABC, and the other Jewish media conglomerates are doing in fact.
The more I see things like the reaction to Mike Tyson's cannibalism, the more I am convinced that the reason White Americans have let themselves be backed into the corner they're in now is not because they're stupid: it's because they're lacking in the courage to say what they really believe, if they may be criticized for saying it.
I'm sorry to say that I've seen the same sort of timidity in myself. When interviewers have asked me whether or not I'm a racist, I have responded by asking, “Well, what do you mean by the word ‘racist’?” I've tried to wriggle out of giving a direct answer to the question, because the Jewish media have made such an enormous investment in demonizing the label “racist” that one has to screw up one's courage a bit to come right out and say, “Yes, of course, I'm a racist.”
One can quibble over the details of the definition of the word, but it's pretty clear what the interviewers have in mind when they ask me whether or not I'm a racist. These days anyone is a racist who refuses to deny the abundandy clear evidence that there are inherited racial differences in behavior, intelligence, and attitudes. A racist is a person who will not pretend that he sees no differences — which is why all of the boxing commentators pretend that race is irrelevant and won't mention Tyson's Blackness in connection with his attempt to eat his opponent in the ring.
A racist is any White person who prefers to live among other Whites instead of among non-Whites and prefers to send his children to White schools.
ANY DIFFERENT?
This ad, stressing that the Federal Housing Administration is an “equal housing" lender, asks a question that most people know in their hearts should be answered, “yes.” However, it and similar bits of propaganda are intended to bludgeon one into saying, “no.”
A racist is any White person who feels a sense of identity with, a sense of belonging to, his own tribe, his own people, his own race, and who shows an interest in his race's history, heroes, culture, and folkways — which is why Western civilization, European history, and other traditional, race-oriented curricula are being phased out at American universities and are being replaced with various “multicultural” offerings designed specifically not to stimulate racial feelings in the students.
A White racist is a person who finds the members of his own race more attractive physically than members of other races and who is instinctively repulsed by the idea of racial intermarriage or by the sight of a White person intimately involved with a non-White — which is why the Jews in Hollywood are turning out so many films which promote racial mixing, films which portray interracial
romance as glamorous and fashionable.
A racist is a White person who is disgusted with the multiracial cesspool that America is becoming under the present government and media policies. A racist is so alarmed about the threat to the future of his people that he is willing to derail these policies — which is why the media and Mr. Clinton have become so shrill recendy about the need to combat “hate criminals.”
Courage: that is the key to our survival. Courage is more important than money, more important than intelligence, more important than friends or political and business connections. Unless we have the courage of our convictions, neither we nor our convictions will survive.
I don't believe that a coward can change his nature and become a hero, but I do believe that many of us who have let ourselves be intimidated and bullied because we didn't want to give offense, didn't want to be rude, didn't want to seem ungendemanly, didn't want to be unpopular — I do believe that we can begin reasserting ourselves. We can begin finding a litde bit of courage in ourselves, we can resolve that we wall no longer be bullied into going along with the crowd when we know that the crowd is wnrong.
In my case, I have resolved not to refrain from speaking out whenever speaking out is the proper thing to do. I've resolved not to try to wriggle away from saying exaedy what I believe when someone asks me whether or not I'm a racist I believe that it would do many other people a lot of good to make a similar resolution. I believe that it would be good for their souls.
This doesn't mean that we have to be deliberately rude or offensive. It means that when an interviewer asks me what I think about Mike Tyson's snacking on his opponent in the ring, I'm not going to waste my time talking about Mike Tyson. I'm going to say that we should not judge the behavior of other races by our standards. I'm going to say that spectator sports in the United States have become a disaster, and that they will remain a disaster until we have swept
® 1997 t National Vanguard Hooks «Ihx 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
Even after the O.J. Simpson and Mike Tyson fiascoes, the media intentionally promote Black athletes as heroes for White children (and adults). It is spiritual poison, and White men and women must have the courage to say so.
the whole theory and practice of multi racialism into the trashbin of his-cory, where it belongs.
Professional sports in the United m States today have die spirit of the con-f tests staged in the Roman Coliseum during the last phase of the Roman Empire, when slaves from every part of the Empire fought against other I slaves for the gratification of a degen-I erate mob of onlookers. We need to I return instead to the spirit of the Greek Olympics, in which only I Greeks participated. In the Olym-I pics, as opposed to the contests in the Coliseum — in the original Olympics I — all of the contestants and the I onlookers were of the same race and I shared the same values. The Olympics were an expression of the Greeks' I striving for excellence. They were a
racial expression as well as a spiritual expression. Compare that with what we have in the United States today, where degenerates like O.J. Simpson and Mike Tyson, the recent descendants of our African slaves, put on contests for the amusement of a debased citizenry.
Yes, I am a racist, and I believe that we should not make a fuss about the behavior of Black athletes. I believe that their behavior should be none of our business. I also believe that they should not be viewed on our television screens and held up by the Jewish masters of the media as role models for our youth, nor should they be involved in any of our athletic contests. I believe that we should get them out of our country and out of our lives. I believe that we should do
away with the system which in this century has changed athletics in America from something at least remotely similar to the Olympics into something very much like what took place in die Coliseum. I also believe that we should get rid of the people behind that system, the people who deliberately conspired to make professional athletics in America what it is.
And as I said, there's no need to be rude about this, no need to use the “n” word or engage in name-calling. But we do need to be completely honest for a change, both with ourselves and with others. We need to have the courage to face the whole truth regarding our situation and what we need to do about it. That doesn't mean that every time I speak with an interviewer I have to tell him that we can't restore
* <Q 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1997
15
America to spiritual health until we restore her to racial health, and that means total, geographical racial separation. I don't haw to mention all that, unless he specifically asks for it. Put it does mean that I should not equivocate when asked whether or not I'm a racist. I should be as straightforward and direct and clear and honest as I can be.
I'll say just one more thing on the importance of having the courage to cell others what we believe. It's not just a matter of personal pride. It's not just a matter of being able to feel good, of being able to pat ourselves on the back because we weren't afraid to stand up to the media bosses. If we had shown more courage from the beginning, if we had spoken out the first time and every time the Jews and their collaborators had tried to implement their policies for changing America from a White republic into a multiracial garbage dump for the New World Order, I think the Jews would have found themselves some other country to subvert. I think they would have decided to try their poison on the Turks or the Mexicans or the Indonesians instead of on us. If we hadn't let ourselves be bulldozed and manipulated and backed into a corner, but had said what we believed from the start, I don't think we'd be in the mess we're in today. Courage is catching; it's contagious. If a nation's leaders show courage, so will the ordinary citizens. But when the leaders are afraid to be honest, then you can't expect the ordinary citizens to be very courageous.
A concrete example of this is the ongoing scandal of the rape and sexual harassment of White women in our Army by Black officers and Black noncoms. The Jewish media have had very litde to say about this scandal. They have preferred to focus on non-
racial stories, such as Lt, Kelly Flynn's resignation from the Air Force after being charged with adultery. But the more the Army’s investigators dig into the sexual-harassment scandal, the bigger it becomes and the clearer the racial dimensions are. The highest profile case the Army’s investigators have turned up so far is that of Sergeant Major Gene McKinney, a Black noncom who was appointed to the Army’s highest post for enlisted personnel at the prodding of the Clinton administration. This top Black non-com used his position systematically to extort sex from White women in the Army. The first case came to light in February, when a White female sergeant major went public with the story of what McKinney had done to her. Before her case became public the Army had ignored her complaints. Since then case after case of McKinney’s use of his office to force himself on White female soldiers has come to light.
A 25-year-old married White sergeant described under oath to Army investigators how McKinney had raped her last October, when she was nearly eight months pregnant. She is the fourth White female soldier assaulted by McKinney to give evidence in the investigation so far. And the case of Sergeant Major McKinney is only the most prominent of hundreds of cases in die Army in which Blacks used their positions of authority over White women to rape or sexually harass them.
Why was this horrendous situation allowed to develop? It certainly wasn’t because the Army’s leaders wanted it to develop. It may gratify some of the nutcase racial egalitarians in the Clinton White House to read about White women being raped by Blacks, but the Army’s leaders definitely are not gratified. They didn’t
want this situation, but they didn’t have the courage to prevent it They were afraid to take steps to protect White females from Black males. In nearly every case which has come to light so far, the women victims have testified that when they reported what had happened to them to their White superiors they were ignored. The White officers were afraid to get involved. They were afraid that they would be charged with “racism” if they took action against the Black rapists.
And let’s face it, they would have been. That’s the standard Black excuse for everything: “racism.” And it’s the excuse of their Jewish promoters in the media too. But that’s no excuse for the cowardice of the Army’s leaders. The horrendous situation we have in our Army today is the result of the failure of courage on the part of the Army’s leaders to deal forthrightly with the racial issue.
And the racial mess we have in American society today is a consequence of the failure of courage on the part of our society’s leaders. When the courage of our leaders fails, our whole society fails, and then we become the victims of the Jewish predators who control our media.
The one thing that all of us can do about this now is to resolve that our own courage will not fail, that we will not be intimidated, but that we will stand up and speak out forth-righdy.
This article is based on the American Dissident	Voices program “The
Importance of Courage,” aired on July 12, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National	Vanguard Books for
$12.95 (postage included).
Subscribe to FREE SPEECH
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Send a note saying, "I want to subscribe to Free Speech," containing your name and address (written clearly) and $40.00 to National Vanguard Books at the address at the bottom of this page.
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
O 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 * $40/year
A New Consciousness
Without a new consciousness
the White race will not survive.
For far too long, we of European descent have allowed clever aliens to rob us of our identity and our history and to impose on us an alien morality in which the highest virtue is to hate our own race.
The time has come for a courageous rethinking of all our values — for a new morality for White people, based firmly on Nature’s laws and on the highest ideals of our Race-soul: a morality in which the first principle is the survival and advancement of our race — a principle to which all other things are subordinate.
ild a new and brighter tomorrow for our th us, the men and women of the , in this, the greatest cause of all time.
we will send vou our informative book and og. Fots$1 woojHl send you publication 534, The Nationalfillfrance, which explains our proin detail5. Write to?
National Alliance ■^P.O. Box 90 HMsboro, WV 24946
•/: , ___________________________
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet. Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
KNRY (Monterey, California):	every Tuesday and
Thursday night at 9:30p.m., 1240 AM.
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:3u a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): every Saturday 10:30 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hartselle, Alabama, areas):	Every
Wednesday 9:00	a.m.,
1490 and 890 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM.
WTAN (Tampa Bay Area, Florida): Every Wednesday 6:30 p.m., 1340 AM
WRNO:	This	shortwave
station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7395 kHz; every Saturday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and some Sundays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events. The Sunday program is used as a makeup.
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 i Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.